VACCINATION – A MEDICAL ABOMINATION
by Dr. Lawrence Wilson
© February 2020 , LD Wilson Consultants , Inc .
All information in this article is solely the opinion of the author and is for educational purposes only .
It is not for the diagnosis , treatment , prescription or cure of any disease or health condition .
Information in this article has not been approved by any government agency or medical authority .
Update April 28 , 2020 .
Some of the hyperlinks in this article may not work because some internet companies including Youtube are removing anti-vaccination posts from their sites .
This we view as censorship and criminal behavior .
Update June 4 , 2019 .
Three excellent vaccine - related websites are www.vaxxed.com, www.learntherisks.org and www.NVIC.org.
Vaxx.com contains 7005 vaccine injury stories with more on the way .
The website owner drives around and interviews parents of vaccine - injured children and videotapes them .
Another excellent website is https://childrenshealthdefense.org.
Update , April 12 , 2019 .
We disagree with Dr. Mercola on many food - related topics .
However , we agree wholeheartedly with him on the subject of vaccination .
Here is a recent and excellent post from his website :
https://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2019/04/02/taking-no-prisoners-vaccine-culture-war.aspx?utm_source=wnl&utm_medium=email&utm_content=art2&utm_campaign=20190411Z1_UCM&et_cid=DM279863&et_rid=588396661
Update March 2019 .
In a Journal of Clinical Microbiology paper1 researchers describe new technology developed to " rapidly distinguish between measles cases and vaccine reactions to avoid unnecessary outbreak response measures such as case isolation and contact investigations . "
According to this paper :
" During the measles outbreak in California in 2015 , a large number of suspected cases occurred in people who were recently vaccinated .
Of the 194 measles cases in the United States in 2015 , 73 were identified as vaccine reactions . "
In other words , about 38 percent of suspected measles cases in the 2015 Disneyland measles scare in California were actually vaccine - caused .
You would not know this by the scary news headlines designed to force everyone to be vaccinated !
1 Journal of Clinical Microbiology DOI : 10.1128/JCM.01879-16
Update , March 2019 .
The vaccine manufacturer ’s information that is given to physicians , ( not patients ) says that no vaccines have been evaluated for the potential to cause cancer , mutate DNA or impair fertility of men or women .
This is in Section 13 of the vaccine information insert for doctors .
For details , see
http://www.fda.gov/BiologicsBloodVaccines/Vaccines/ApprovedProducts/ucm093833.htm
In addition , vaccine manufacturers are held to a lower standard than other pharmaceutical , and are not required to do double - blind placebo studies or long - term studies past 6 months , nor have they ever compared vaccinated populations with the unvaccinated !
For details , see http://www.healthalertphilly.org/Vaccines.htm
Update , December 2017 :
New CDC Guidelines : 5 Year - old can receive up to 19 Vaccinations in One Month
www.vaccineimpact.com
November 17 , 2017
http://tinyurl.com/ybg9azqd )
On November 2 , 2017 , Neil Z. Miller made an online announcement that was guaranteed to shock thousands of parents worldwide .
In a post , written on the popular social media platform Facebook , Miller exposed that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) had recently hatched a plan to ensure that ALL children were up to date with their scheduled vaccinations , whether they were vaccinated or unvaccinated .
He revealed that the CDC had launched a catch - up program which could cause an unvaccinated 5 - year - old to receive as many as 19 vaccinations in one month .
He wrote that :
" The CDC has just launched a program that will calculate a catch - up schedule for children who were not vaccinated on schedule .
A 5 year - old child who was not previously vaccinated would be required to receive 19 vaccines in one month , including 6 doses of aluminum - containing injections !
This catch - up schedule was NOT tested for safety to determine the immediate or long - term risk of neurological or immunological damage . " ( own emphasis )
Following the links provided by Miller , it appears that the CDC Table Of Vaccinations required in their catch - up program had been approved by the following organizations :
Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices - ( www.cdc.gov/vaccines/acip)
American Academy of Pediatrics - ( www.aap.org)
American Academy of Family Physicians - ( www.aafp.org)
American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists - ( www.acog.org)
See tables here .
Could their latest step be yet another one of the many underhanded tactics used by the CDC to implement mandatory vaccination ?
Higher Number of Vaccinations Equals Higher Number of Infant Deaths
That number of vaccinations administered in such a short time frame could potentially kill a young child , and if anyone would know how dangerous administering 19 vaccinations in one month could be , it would be Neil Z. Miller .
According to his bio , Miller has devoted the past 30 years of his life to not only educating parents and health practitioners about the dangers of vaccines , but also encouraging informed consent and non-mandatory laws .
In 2011 , Miller and his co-author Gary S. Goldman published an extremely well - written paper titled - Infant mortality rates regressed against number of vaccine doses routinely given :
Is there a biochemical or synergistic toxicity ?
Their paper highlighted the fact that the countries with the highest number of vaccinations on their schedule were the same countries that had high rates of infant mortality .
Using a number of tables , the researchers were able to determine that the number of infant deaths appeared to coincide with the number of vaccinations being administered in each country .
Through rigorous research , they discovered that the lower the number of vaccines being recommended , the lower the number of infant deaths .
They wrote :
" The infant mortality rate is expressed as the number of infant deaths per 1000 live births .
According to the US Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) , which keeps accurate , up - to - date infant mortality statistics throughout the world , in 2009 there were 33 nations with better infant mortality rates than the United States . "
They determined that in 2009 , a total of 26 vaccine doses were recommended for children under the age of one in the U.S.
The team then compared the number of vaccine doses being recommended in each country against the number of infant deaths .
From their calculations , they were able to determine that not only did the U.S. recommend the highest number of vaccinations , but that they also had among the highest number of infant deaths .
Since 2009 , the number of vaccinations being recommended to infants has significantly increased .
According to recent reports , the U.S. vaccination schedule currently recommends that children receive a total of 56 injections of 73 doses of 30 different vaccines beginning on day one of their life .
It would be interesting to know if the infant mortality rate has continued to rise , just as Miller had predicted .
Miller 's 2011 paper was not the only paper in which he made it abundantly clear that multiple vaccinations could endanger the life of a young child .
Combining Childhood Vaccinations in One Visit is Potentially Life - Threatening
In September 2016 , Miller and his co-author Goldman published a paper titled Combining Childhood Vaccines at One Visit Is Not Safe .
Using data taken from the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System ( VAERS ) website , Miller was able to prove that the more vaccines a child received at any given time , the more likely an adverse reaction could occur .
They wrote that :
" Of the 38,801 VAERS reports that we analyzed , 969 infants received two vaccine doses prior to the adverse event and 107 of those infants were hospitalized : a hospitalization rate of 11 % .
Of 1,959 infants who received three vaccine doses prior to the adverse event , 243 of them required hospitalization : 12.4 % .
For four doses , 561 of 3,909 infants were hospitalized : 14.4 % .
Notice the emerging pattern : Infants who had an adverse event reported to VAERS were more likely to require hospitalization when they received three vaccine doses instead of two , or four vaccine doses instead of three . "
The researchers continued :
" Of 10,114 infants who received five vaccine doses prior to the adverse event , 1,463 of them required hospitalization : 14.5 % .
For six doses , 1,365 of 8,454 infants were hospitalized : 16.1 % .
For seven doses , 1,051 of 5,489 infants were hospitalized : 19.1 % .
And for eight doses , 661 of 2,817 infants were hospitalized : 23.5 % .
The hospitalization rate increased linearly from 11.0 % for two doses to 23.5 % for eight doses . "
In other words , the more vaccines that an infant received , the more likely they were to suffer an adverse reaction .
Miller and Goldman explained that :
" Of the 38,801 VAERS reports that we analyzed , 11,927 infants received one , two , three , or four vaccine doses prior to having an adverse event , and 423 of those infants died : a mortality rate of 3.6 % .
The remaining 26,874 infants received five , six , seven , or eight vaccine doses prior to the adverse event and 1,458 of them died : 5.4 % .
The mortality rate for infants who received five to eight vaccine doses ( 5.4 % ) is significantly higher than the mortality rate for infants who received one to four doses ( 3.6 % ) , with a rate ratio( RR ) of 1.5 ( 95 % CI , 1.4-1.7 ) .
Of infants reported to VAERS , those who had received more vaccines had a statistically significant 50 % higher mortality rate compared with those who had received fewer . "
To read more on Miller 's paper , see my article : New Study Warns of the Dangers of Multiple Vaccinations .
Unvaccinated Baby Died When Doctor Guessed Number of Vaccines He Should Receive
Sadly , Miller was correct .
In 2015 , he wrote the tragic story of six month - old Bently , who died after his doctor made an " educated " guess and administered 13 vaccinations in one day .
I wrote :
" Imagine being emotionally blackmailed by your doctor to have your baby vaccinated with a lethal cocktail of 13 vaccines , which included two doses of the DTaP , three doses of the oral rotavirus vaccine and two doses of the polio vaccination .
It sounds impossible , does n't it ? "
However , this is exactly what happened to Alisa Neathery when she took her six month - old unvaccinated baby to the doctor for the first time .
She told VacTruth :
" Prior to the shots being given , when the doctor was discussing the pros of getting vaccinated with me , he explained how he was from a village in Africa .
That we were lucky in America to have the opportunity to receive vaccines because where he was from , the mothers had to have like 11 kids each , since most would die off from disease because they were not as fortunate to receive vaccines like we are here in America .
He really pushed them on me hard .
He spent a lot of time convincing me to give Bently the vaccines , but when it was done , we never saw the doctor again . "
According to Alisa , the doctor spent a long time deciding exactly which vaccinations Bently should receive and told Alisa that they should n't give him too many .
The doctor eventually decided on a total of 13 vaccinations .
You can listen to Alisa 's tragic story in full , as she explained to Richie Allen exactly what happened on the day she decided to have her child vaccinated .
With Alisa 's story in mind , we asked Miller if he could comment on the CDC 's catch - up vaccination program .
He told us that :
The CDC 's catch - up schedule is unscientific , dangerous , and criminal .
A 5 year - old child who was not previously vaccinated would be required to receive 19 vaccines - biological drugs - in one month , including 6 doses of aluminum - containing injections !.
SEE : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a4AUPB5ZUs
This catch - up schedule was not tested for safety to determine the immediate and long - term risk of neurological and immunological harm .
It will cause irreversible health damage in an unfortunate number of children .
A CDC report on combining pharmaceuticals found that they can induce additive or synergistic toxicity causing ' unexpected deleterious health effects ' much greater than expected following exposure to a single substance .
Health authorities responsible for advocating multiple vaccines to children in an accelerated time frame are devoid of scientific integrity , lack common sense , and should be held accountable for child endangerment .
We believe that he is correct , especially since doctors determine how many vaccinations a baby should receive in one visit .
The case of six month - old Bently has proven that babies can die if doctors are left to decide how many vaccinations are safe to give a young child in one day .
Alisa now has a GoFundMe campaign to raise money for legal assistance to fight for justice for her son , whose death was ruled as sudden unexpected unexplained infant death syndrome ( SIDS ) .
--
Update 2016 – An excellent recent book is Miller ’s Review Of Critical Vaccine Studies ; 400 Important Scientific Papers Summarized For Parents And Researchers , by Neil Z. Miller , 2016 .
Update , April 2016 : UCLA pediatrician resigned because The American Association Of Pediatrics knows that vaccines cause autism and has been covering up this information .
For full article , please click on : http://www.drkelley.info/2016/04/13/ucla-pediatrician-resigns-because-american-association-of-pediatrics-knows-vaccines-cause-autism/.
Update , April 2016 : An excellent article and book about vaccination and aluminum poisoning appeared recently at this URL :
http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2016/04/03/aluminum-vaccine-health-effects.aspx?utm_source=dnl&utm_medium=email&utm_content=art1&utm_campaign=20160403Z1&et_cid=DM102151&et_rid=1427386417
Update , August 2016 : The Natural News Forensic Food Lab found that a flu vaccine contains 51 parts per million of mercury .
This dose is 21,000 times higher the safety limit for mercury in water according to the Environmental Protection Agency .
It is also 100 times as high as the highest level of mercury found in mercury - contaminated fish .
What is worse , however , is that the mercury in the vaccines is absorbed 100 % .
In contrast , mercury in water or fish is much less absorbed .
Update , May 2015 : An excellent discussion of vaccination is by Robert Kennedy , Jr. at this link :
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxLjtLPNxP4
***********************
Vaccination began about 200 years ago as an experimental life - saving medical tool .
While it had some merit , today vaccination is one of the leading causes of disability among our children .
Today , vaccines are not needed if one lives healthfully .
They do not work well today .
Also , the stray viruses they contain , along with the toxic chemicals they all contain , are a horror .
One out of every 68 children in America is autistic today .
I speak with many parents and am tired of hearing the same story : “ My child was fine until he or she received vaccines .
Then he or she slowly or rapidly became withdrawn , stopped speaking , and mental development slowed or stopped ” .
When will our health authorities stop lying to the public about the problems of vaccines ?
Warning :
You will not get the truth from licensed doctors about vaccination because if they speak out about vaccines , they can lose their medical license and their livelihood .
This is unfortunate , but true .
Also , whatever you choose to do about vaccination , NEVER , NEVER , EVER give a child more than one vaccine at a time .
All vaccines are bad , but combinations of vaccines given on the same day are one of the worst possible insults to a child ’s body imaginable .
This article covers many aspects of the vaccine debate .
Topics include the history of vaccination , the true effectiveness of vaccines , and the side effects of vaccines .
The article also discusses other problems of vaccines and some alternatives to vaccination .
It also covers how to opt out of vaccination .
UPDATE JANUARY 14 , 2015
Dr. Mercola covers the vaccine issue well .
Here is an update that is very important to read :
http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2015/01/13/whooping-cough-bacteria-evolves.aspx?e_cid=20150113Z1_DNL_BuyerB_art_1&utm_source=dnl&utm_medium=email&utm_content=art1&utm_campaign=20150113Z1-BuyerB&et_cid=DM66625&et_rid=803866560
UPDATES 2014
Here is an excellent book about vaccines :
Dissolving Illusions : Disease , Vaccines , and the Forgotten History by Suzanne Humphries , MD .
Revelation of High - Level Cover - Up Will Blow Lid Off of Vaccine Fraud By Bill Sardi August 22 , 2014
The lack of major news media coverage of possibly the biggest government whistleblower revelation since disclosure of the Tuskegee Experiment in 1972 [ InfoPlease.com ] suggests more than fraud at the highest levels of the Centers For Disease Control ( CDC ) as well as major vaccine makers , it suggests the Nation ’s news agencies are complicit in portraying a government view that there is no link between vaccination and the unexplained rise of autism .
Only alternative news sources are covering the story so far , which broke on August 8 when Brian S. Hooker , a Simpson University researcher , published a report in the journal Translational Neurodegeneration that the MMR ( measles , mumps , rubella ) vaccine was shown to increase the risk for autism 3.4 times among young black boys .
[ Translational Neurodegeneration Aug 8 , 2014 ]
Dr. Hooker suggests the vulnerability of young African American boys to autism from vaccinations may result from their low Vitamin - D levels , given their dark skin pigmentation .
The prevalence of autism in African Americans is nearly 25 % higher than that of whites .
[ PLos One July 12 , 2010 ] .
Whistleblower Confirms British Doctor ’s Prior Allegation Dr. Hooker , a vaccine researcher and the father of a vaccine - injured child with autism , was working with a yet - unidentified whistleblower within the CDC .
Dr. Hooker reanalyzed data published in the journal Pediatrics in 2004 [ Pedatrics Feb 2004 ] at the height of an ongoing debate that began with British physician Andrew Wakefield ’s allegation launched in 1999 that there may be an association between the MMR vaccine and autism .
In the aftermath of Dr. Wakefield ’s allegation , national rates of MMR coverage in Britain fell from 92 % to 73 % , with rates in parts of London as low as 50 % .
[ Pediatrics April 2008 ]
Dr. Wakefield himself was sanctioned by British health authorities in 2010 and his papers withdrawn from publication , which was well noted in a slanted report entitled “ The Crash And Burn Of An Autism Guru ” published in The New York Times ( NY Times April 20 , 2011 ] .
Dr. Hooker ’s report conflicts with Dr. Colleen Boyle ’s 2013 testimony before Congress on behalf of the CDC that denied any link between vaccines and autism .
Dr. Hooker ’s revelation comes " Thirteen years and tens of thousands of children later , ” says Dr. Wakefield .
[ AgeOfAutism.com ]
According to a report published by the Focus Autism Foundation , “ the CDC whistleblower alleges criminal wrongdoing of his supervisors , and he expressed deep regret about his role in helping the CDC hide data . ”
[ Focus Autism Foundation Aug 18 , 2014 ] Fraudulent Practices Revealed
There is evidence of an intentional cover - up as it is alleged that data from children who did not have birth certificates ( not a pertinent factor ) was removed from the study to reduce the statistical power of the study and claim there was no significant association between autism and the MMR vaccine .
The original study was first published in the journal Pediatrics , a publication that receives financial support from vaccine makers via advertising , said a 2008 CBS News report .
Dr. Hooker ’s report is not the only one showing a greater risk for autism among black boys that has been kept hidden .
A striking , increased risk for autism among black boys inoculated with the hepatitis B vaccine as neonates was documented in a report published in 2010 .
[ Journal Toxicology & Environmental Health , Part A , 2010 ] Dr. Hooker notes that the CDC used children under the age of 3 for a comparison ( control ) group , which is an intentional way of skewing results of its studies involving any alleged link between vaccines and autism .
Symptoms of autism generally do n’t emanate among children until after age 3 and the control group was too young to have received a diagnosis of autism , he notes .
Age of Autism , an activist group , suggested in 2012 that the CDC’s Dr. Colleen Boyle manipulated data in April of 2000 by “ using kids too young to have an autism diagnosis . ” [ AgeOfAutism.com ]
So , one of the ways the vaccine industry and its minions in government have hidden the link between autism and the MMR vaccine has been revealed but has gone unreported by major news media .
Interested persons can listen to Dr. Colleen Boyle ’s testimony before Congress in November of 2012 .
You can hear Dr. Boyle say : “ Vaccines and their components did not increase the risk for autism . ” [ YouTube Nov 29 , 2012 ]
Should n’t somebody go to jail here for perjury before Congress ?
UPDATE 2014 – LEAD RESEARCHER IN THE GARDISIL VACCINE WARNS PARENTS THAT IT IS A DEADLY SCAM
Dr. Diane Harper was a leading expert responsible for the Phase II and Phase III safety and effectiveness studies which secured the approval of the human papilloma virus ( HPV ) vaccines , Gardasil™ and Cervarix™ .
Dr. Harper also authored many of the published , scholarly papers about the vaccines .
She is now the latest in a long string of experts who are pressing the red alert button on the devastating consequences and irrelevancy of these vaccines .
Dr. Harper made her surprising confession at the 4th International Conference on Vaccination which took place in Reston , Virginia .
Her speech , which was originally intended to promote the benefits of the vaccines , took a 180 - degree turn when she chose instead to clean her conscience about the deadly vaccines so she “ could sleep at night ” .
The following is an excerpt from a story by Sarah Cain :
“ Dr. Harper explained in her presentation that the cervical cancer risk in the U.S. is already extremely low , and that vaccinations are unlikely to have any effect upon the rate of cervical cancer in the United States .
In fact , 70 % of all HPV infections resolve themselves without treatment in a year , and the number rises to well over 90 % in two years .
Harper also mentioned the safety angle .
All trials of the vaccines were done on children aged 15 and above , despite them currently being marketed for 9 - year - olds .
So far , 15,037 girls have reported adverse side effects from Gardasil™ alone to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System ( VAERS ) , and this number only reflects parents who underwent the hurdles required for reporting adverse reactions .
At the time of writing , 44 girls are officially known to have died from these vaccines .
The reported side effects include Guillian Barré Syndrome ( paralysis lasting for years , or permanently — sometimes eventually causing suffocation ) , lupus , seizures , blood clots , and brain inflammation .
Parents are usually not made aware of these risks .
Dr. Harper , the vaccine developer , claimed that she was speaking out , so that she might finally be able to sleep at night .
’ About eight in every ten women who have been sexually active will have HPV at some stage of their life , ’ Harper says .
’ Normally there are no symptoms , and in 98 per cent of cases it clears itself .
But in those cases where it does n’t , and is n’t treated , it can lead to pre-cancerous cells which may develop into cervical cancer . ’ ”
Although these two vaccines are marketed as protection against cervical cancer , this claim is purely hypothetical .
Studies have proven “ there is no demonstrated relationship between the condition being vaccinated for and the rare cancers that the vaccine might prevent , but it is marketed to do that nonetheless .
In fact , there is no actual evidence that the vaccine can prevent any cancer .
From the manufacturers own admissions , the vaccine only works on 4 strains out of 40 for a specific venereal disease that dies on its own in a relatively short period , so the chance of it actually helping an individual is about about the same as the chance of her being struck by a meteorite . ”
UPDATE #1 : Since coming forward with the truth about the devastating consequences of the HPV vaccine , Dr. Harper has been the victim of a relentless campaign attempting to discredit the validity of her claims .
Harper was even misquoted by British tabloid The Sunday Express which printed a false story loaded with fabricated quotations attributed to Harper .
In an interview with The Guardian , Harper makes it very clear about what exactly she said in order to protect herself from a potential lawsuit .
In an interview with CBS NEWS , Harper clarifies her position , and once again makes it crystal clear just how devastating this vaccine can be : “ If we vaccinate 11 year olds and the protection does n’t last … we ’ve put them at harm from side effects , small but real , for no benefit , ” says Dr. Harper .
“ The benefit to public health is nothing , there is no reduction in cervical cancers , they are just postponed , unless the protection lasts for at least 15 years , and over 70 % of all sexually active females of all ages are vaccinated . ”
She also says that enough serious side effects have been reported after Gardasil use that the vaccine could prove riskier than the cervical cancer it purports to prevent .
Cervical cancer is usually entirely curable when detected early through normal Pap screenings .
“ The risks of serious adverse events including death reported after Gardasil use in ( the JAMA article by CDC’s Dr. Barbara Slade ) were 3.4/100,000 doses distributed , ” Harper tells CBS NEWS .
” The rate of serious adverse events on par with the death rate of cervical cancer .
Gardasil has been associated with at least as many serious adverse events as there are deaths from cervical cancer developing each year .
Indeed , the risks of vaccination are underreported in Slade ’s article , as they are based on a denominator of doses distributed from Merck ’s warehouse .
Up to a third of those doses may be in refrigerators waiting to be dispensed as the autumn onslaught of vaccine messages is sent home to parents the first day of school .
Should the denominator in Dr. Slade ’s work be adjusted to account for this , and then divided by three for the number of women who would receive all three doses , the incidence rate of serious adverse events increases up to five fold .
How does a parent value that information , ” said Harper .
“ Parents and women must know that deaths occurred , ” Harper tells CBS NEWS .
“ Not all deaths that have been reported were represented in Dr. Slade ’s work , one - third of the death reports were unavailable to the CDC , leaving the parents of the deceased teenagers in despair that the CDC is ignoring the very rare but real occurrences that need not have happened if parents were given information stating that there are real , but small risks of death surrounding the administration of Gardasil . ”
She also worries that Merck ’s aggressive marketing of the vaccine may have given women a false sense of security .
“ The future expectations women hold because they have received free doses of Gardasil purchased by philanthropic foundations , by public health agencies or covered by insurance is the true threat to cervical cancer in the future .
Should women stop
Pap screening after vaccination , the cervical cancer rate will actually increase per year .
Should women believe this is preventive for all cancers — something never stated , but often inferred by many in the population — a reduction in all health care will compound our current health crisis .
Should Gardasil not be effective for more than 15 years , the most costly public health experiment in cancer control will have failed miserably . ”
Harper notes that her concern for the vaccine ’s deadly side effects applies only to women in the Western world .
” Of course , in developing countries where there is no safety Pap screening for women repeatedly over their lifetimes , the risks of serious adverse events may be acceptable as the incidence rate of cervical cancer is five to 12 times higher than in the US , dwarfing the risk of death reported after Gardasil . ”
UPDATE # 2 : The National Vaccine Information Center or NVIC HAS CONFIRMED two virologists , Stephen Krahling and Joan Wlochowski , have filed a lawsuit against their former employer and vaccine manufacturer Merck .
The NVIC writes : “ The lawsuit alleges that Merck defrauded the U.S. for over 10 years by overstating the MMR vaccine ’s effectiveness .
The virologists claim in their lawsuit that they ‘ Witnessed firsthand the improper testing and data falsification in which Merck engaged to artificially inflate the vaccine ’s efficacy findings . ”
NVIC president and co-founder , Barbara Loe Fisher , warns of the disturbingly cozy relationship and overwhelming conflict of interest between federal agencies charged with vaccine safety oversight ( such as the Centers for Disease Control ) and vaccine manufacturers .
Merck ’s global vaccine sales total more than $ 20 BILLION A YEAR .
As the world ’s pharmaceutical giants continue to be driven less by moral accountability and more by profit and shareholder - driven bottom lines , we are going to see more and more products such as this vaccine which are marketed as “ essential to one ’s survival . ”
While some vaccines are indeed essential , such as vaccines for polio and measles , the HPV vaccine is a new beast entirely .
- From : http://www.thedailysheeple.com/lead-developer-of-hpv-vaccines-comes-clean-warns-parents-young-girls-its-all-a-giant-deadly-scam_012014#sthash.GzwndHaz.dpuf.
UPDATE 2014 .
HERD IMMUNITY – MYTH OR REALITY – How Vaccination Reduces Natural Immunity To Disease .
This is the title of an excellent , scholarly article published in Health Freedom News , Volume 31 , # 4 , Winter 2013 by Dr. Tetyana Obukhanych .
It explains clearly that the concept of “ herd immunity ” based on vaccination is a false concept .
In fact , vaccination makes natural immunity weaker , not stronger .
Dr. Obukhanych wrote a 2012 ebook entitled Vaccine Illusion ; How Vaccination Compromises Our Natural Immunity and What Can We Do To Regain Our Health available at : https://sites.google.com/site/vaccine-illusion/.
UPDATE , JUNE 2014
Leading Vaccine Researcher and Mandatory Vaccination Proponent : Measles Vaccine Can't Prevent Outbreaks
In the medical journal Vaccine , 2 Dr. Gregory Poland , the journal 's editor - in - chief , professor of medicine and founder and leader of Mayo Clinic 's Vaccine Research Group , recently made surprising public statements about the poor effectiveness of measles vaccine in the MMR shot .
For many years , Dr. Poland has been a strong mandatory vaccination proponent and has criticized MMR vaccine safety critics but now he is taking the lead in publicly criticizing the vaccine 's failure to prevent measles .
Public health agencies have been reporting measles outbreaks in the US for the past few years , which they often blame on unvaccinated individuals , despite the fact that in 2012 , 95 percent of children entering kindergarten had gotten two MMR shots and so had more than 90 percent of high school students .
With this high degree of compliance with a supposedly effective measles vaccine , many people have been wondering why the U.S. is seeing a resurgence of measles cases ( from January 1 to June 6 , 2014 , the CDC reported 397 cases of measles and 16 outbreaks in the US ) .
3
For starters , it 's important to remember that , like B. pertussis whooping cough and other infectious diseases , measles has natural cyclical increases and decreases every few years in populations .
These may occur even in highly vaccinated populations because the vaccine itself is not a guarantee of long lasting immunity and even two doses of MMR vaccine can fail to protect .
According to Dr. Poland , who is conducting research at Mayo Clinic to develop new measles , mumps and rubella vaccines :
4
" … the immune response to measles vaccine varies substantially in actual field use .
Multiple studies demonstrate that 2 – 10 % of those immunized with two doses of measles vaccine fail to develop protective antibody levels , and that immunity can wane over time and result in infection ( so - called secondary vaccine failure ) when the individual is exposed to measles .
For example , during the 1989 –1991 U.S. measles outbreaks 20 – 40 % of the individuals affected had been previously immunized with one to two doses of vaccine .
In an October 2011 outbreak in Canada , over 50 % of the 98 individuals had received two doses of measles vaccine … this phenomenon continues to play a role in measles outbreaks .
Thus , measles outbreaks also occur even among highly vaccinated populations because of primary and secondary vaccine failure , which results in gradually larger pools of susceptible persons and outbreaks once measles is introduced .
This leads to a paradoxical situation whereby measles in highly immunized societies occurs primarily among those previously immunized . "
A BRIEF HISTORY OF VACCINATION
Dr. Edward Jenner is credited with the first successful vaccine about 210 years ago .
Smallpox was among the worst diseases of the day .
Medicine had little to offer in the way of a cure or preventive .
Dr. Jenner injected pus into healthy human beings taken from cattle who had cowpox , a form of smallpox that affects only cattle .
By this means , he was able to protect some of those who were vaccinated against smallpox .
The word vaccine derives from the word vaca , meaning a cow in Spanish .
As word spread of the new vaccine idea , people were impressed .
As a result , vaccination was accepted as a valid medical advance .
Since that time , many vaccines have been developed .
While they have some value in some cases , unfortunately vaccination is fraught with problems .
Sadly , you wo n’t hear about them from your doctor .
If a medical doctor speaks out against the sacred cow of vaccination , he loses his license to practice medicine .
That is how the medical system operates today .
VACCINE PROBLEMS
From the start , there were problems with vaccines .
These included adverse effects such as fevers , and occasionally death from the very disease the vaccine was designed to protect against .
However , the benefits of vaccines outweighed the problems and the shots helped eradicate certain diseases .
This background is brief , but very important to understand the vaccine situation now .
Today , vaccination is a “ protected industry ” .
That is , no one has seriously questioned its premises in spite of horrendous problems that we will discuss .
Our federal government protects the vaccine industry by handling its liability problems .
On October 1 , 1988 the US Congress established the Vaccine Compensation Program .
Basically , every vaccine shot is taxed about 1 dollar .
This money is used to pay off the families of children who are killed or injured by vaccines .
This is an outrageous pact between an industry and the government , in my view , to shift responsibility for damages from the vaccine industry to the taxpayers .
According to the government ’s own Vaccine Injury Compensation Program or VICP website , millions of dollars are quietly paid out for vaccine injuries every month in the United States of America alone .
You can check the figures yourself .
Regardless of your feelings or beliefs about vaccination , the mere fact that a major government budget item is paying damage awards for vaccine injuries means there exists a severe problem with this industry .
Let us examine it in detail .
Before doing so , however , here is a very recent medical article that shows how medical research distorts the value of vaccination .
2008 STUDY SHOWS NO BENEFIT FOR HEALTHY ADULTS OF FLU SHOTS ( American Journal of Respiratory Critical Care Med 2008;178:527-533 )
In this recent study involving 704 people , it first appears that flu shots reduced death from respiratory illness a full 50 % .
However , the researchers decided to check an important factor .
They corrected the data for what is called the “ healthy user effect ” .
This is an extremely important factor in some vaccinations that has not been taken into effect in previous studies .
The healthy user effect refers to the fact that some patients take generally better care of themselves .
They eat well , avoid smoking and drinking , take nutritional supplements and so forth .
When this group was excluded from the vaccine study , it turned out that the difference in the death rate from the flu between the vaccinated and unvaccinated groups was 0 .
In other words , if you take care of yourself , flu shots , according to this smaller study , had no benefit whatsoever .
Who should be vaccinated ?
The answer is no one .
Now let us examine the history of vaccination in America , its nation of origin and still the most vaccinated in the world .
THE WORLD OF 140 YEARS AGO
The world of Dr. Jenner ( 1749 - 1823 ) was quite different from ours :
* Doctors did not wash their hands when they touched patients or even when they delivered babies .
* Most deaths were due to infectious diseases .
Cancer , heart disease and diabetes were relatively rare .
* Children died by the thousands in America and Europe from infectious diseases due to bad water , poor food , inadequate shelter and poor hygiene and sanitation .
Rats , mice , ticks and other vermin carried cholera , typhoid and many other diseases everywhere , spreading germs and filth .
* There were few antibacterial or antiviral medicines .
Those that did exist were extremely toxic , such as arsenic and mercury ( Calomel ) .
THE WORLD TODAY
Filthy conditions still exist in some parts of the world , as do the infectious diseases that go with them .
In these places vaccination may still make good sense .
However , America and the developed world have cleaned up the water , the food , and even the air .
It used to contain fecal matter such as horse manure , hoards of flies , mosquitoes and more .
Today , instead of germs in the air we have toxic chemicals and metals , a new situation with different consequences .
Personal hygiene and sanitation are taken for granted in most advanced nations , and many occupational and public health laws protect us from deadly contagious illnesses .
Medicine has advanced tremendously , with modern antibiotic , antiviral , antifungal and other agents that can halt many infections quickly and safely .
The epidemic illnesses are ‘ degenerative ’ , such as cancer , heart disease , diabetes and dementias .
WHAT ABOUT VACCINES TODAY ?
Vaccination can still protect people from some infectious diseases .
However , adverse effects of vaccines are increasing .
Possible reasons for this are :
1 ) The differing conditions explained above .
2 ) Many more vaccines .
Fifty years ago there were some 8 - 10 vaccines .
Today , over 40 are recommended in some states .
3 ) Combinations of vaccines are decidedly deadlier .
4 ) Other reasons might include more awareness of vaccine - related injuries and more attorneys willing to assist clients in this area .
For all these reasons , it is time to review the benefits versus the problems of vaccination as a public health method .
VACCINE EFFECTIVENESS
Vaccine advocates claim that the reduction in certain diseases is mainly due to vaccination .
However , careful studies , such as that by J.B. and S.M. McKinlay , show that the vaccine - related diseases such as tuberculosis , diphtheria , smallpox and others were declining before vaccination came along .
Improved hygiene , better sanitation and better nutrition of the people are the likely factors in their decline .
This has been shown to be the case in many nations since then .
The McKinley study indicated that vaccines accounted for only about 4 % of the decline of several important diseases .
However , it can appear that vaccines were of more benefit because they came along about the same time that hygiene , sanitation and nutrition improved .
It is also well - known that vaccines do not protect 100 % against a disease , and they offer only temporary or partial immunity .
VACCINE SAFETY
Vaccines side effects are well - known .
The following was taken from vaccine package inserts and other vaccine company information .
Your doctor is supposed to tell you about them .
How many of the following were you told about ?
* HPV or Gardasil : Death reports are beginning to accumulate as this new vaccine is given to more and more teenage girls and even boys , although they cannot get the same condition of cervical cancer , which the vaccine is supposed to prevent , so this is patently insane except to try to prevent transmission of the sexually - transmitted HPV virus .
However , the vaccine only covers some strains of the virus , so it is not even fully effective , if it works at all .
Other “ side effects ” have so far included : Bells Palsy , Guillan - Barre syndrome , seizures , blood clotting and heart problems , miscarriages and fetal abnormalities amongst pregnant women who received the vaccine .
Thousands have experienced syncope , rashes , facial paralysis , seizures and other effects , especially when this vaccine is combined with any of about 18 others in young girls or boys .
* Polio Vaccine Side Effects : Contracting polio from the vaccine , spreading the disease to others and Guillian - Barre syndrome .
( Guillain - Barre syndrdome is a severe fever and nerve disease that did not exist prior to vaccination . )
* The “ Safe ” DaPT ( formerly DPT - diphtheria , pertussis , tetanus ) :
This is one of the worst , with many instances of high fevers , shock , convulsions and death .
* Smallpox : Gangrene , smallpox , encephalitis , liver , spleen , pancreas and kidney disorders , herpes and polio .
* HiB ( Influenza ) :
When given with the DPT , persistent crying , seizures , hives , asthma and kidney failure .
* MMR ( measles , mumps , German measles ) : Contracting measles , seizures , Guillain - Barre syndrome , arthritis , autism , nerve deafness and death .
* Hepatitis B : Shock , arthritis , Guillain - Barre , bronchospasm , multiple sclerosis , herpes , and possible sudden infant death .
* Chickenpox : Seizures , fevers , death and contracting chickenpox ( in 27 % of cases ) , which can cause birth defects if it spreads to pregnant women .
* Flu Shots .
These can cause the flu in people who are healthy .
I know of a person who died as a result of getting the flu right after receiving her “ flu shot ” vaccine .
My comment is this is one of silliest vaccines .
There is no way to tell which of the hundreds of strains of influenza will be dominant in a particular year .
Companies that make the shots literally guess which strains of flu to put in the vaccine .
They also still contain some mercury , so the patients are poisoned with this as well .
I suggest avoiding these always .
Adverse effects of the 30 or so other “ mandated ” vaccines would fill another 10 pages , but the point is clear .
Vaccines are not safe at all .
The references contain more information .
WHAT ABOUT FLU SHOTS ?
Please read the following article about flu shots , as it is very important and you wo n’t see it reported this way on the evening news :
http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/09/10/universal-flu-vaccine.aspx?e_cid=20130910Z1_DNL_art_1&utm_source=dnl&utm_medium=email&utm_content=art1&utm_campaign=20130910Z1.
ADVERSE EFFECT REPORTING
Most vaccine problems are never reported .
Until 1991 , no centralized method existed to even report vaccine adverse effects .
According to the FDA , only about 10 % of vaccine side effects are reported .
However , other studies reveal that only 1 to 4 % of adverse effects are ever reported .
For example , in 1998 , the National Vaccine Information Center did a survey of New York pediatric offices and found out that “ only one in 40 doctors reports a death or an injury following vaccination . "
That is only a 2.5 % reporting rate !
If we extrapolate this percentage of underreporting , one finds that at least 20 million adverse effects have occurred since 1991 .
Unfortunately , pediatricians and other doctors have an incentive not to report vaccine problems .
Vaccination is the bread and butter of much of the pediatric profession .
THE BILLION - DOLLAR COVER-UP
A Drug Company Subsidy .
For years , the federal government has “ limited the liability ” of drug companies that produce vaccines .
This was kept quiet in the past , but is no longer a secret .
I was shocked to visit the website of the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program or VICP .
The US government ( this means you and me ) has paid out over $ 1.7 billion in vaccine damages to 3466 victims , as of January 2008 .
In fact , most claims were dismissed , probably due to the “ 10 - day rule ” .
This is the insane idea that any injury that you do not report to your doctor within 10 days does n’t count as vaccine - related .
It is ridiculous because most severe vaccine injuries can take weeks , months or years to develop .
The VICP Mission .
The VICP website states that its mission is to reduce lawsuits aimed at vaccine companies in order to “ stabilize ” vaccine supplies and promote vaccine research and development .
In other words , drug companies are not responsible for the deaths and disability they cause .
Without this government support , many fewer vaccines , if any , would be on the market due to liability concerns .
The Right To Sue For Damages .
I do not always like the tactics used by lawyers .
However , the right to sue and recover damages is a fundamental legal principle .
It protects all of us from all types of shoddy and dangerous products .
Every medical device , drug , and procedure that I am aware of is subject to legal liability except vaccination .
Meanwhile , our government quietly has been paying the bill to the tune of about $ 100 million every year out of taxpayer money .
Not only has the cost been rising .
As explained below , it is likely to increase much more .
Autism Damage .
The VICP website states that the $ 1,749,743,610.45 .
in damage awards includes just one case of autism , and that occurred in 2008 .
This is probably because autism may take weeks or several years to develop after vaccination , so it does not count in court as a vaccine injury .
However , autism did not even exist as a medical diagnosis before widespread vaccination was in place in America and around the world .
Many shocked parents will attest that their child developed normally until after a vaccination .
I expect the damage awards for the hundreds of thousands of autism cases to increase drastically in the years to come .
Interestingly , a study of Amish people found that there were only three cases of autism in the group .
Amish people do not vaccinate their children .
The three cases , it turned out , were all children who had been brought into the Amish community from outside , and had been vaccinated .
Vaccine damage awards are already a major government budget item .
Other staggering costs for parents , insurers and the states include the lifelong treatment of all the autistic children and those with other vaccine - related developmental problems .
Clearly there are serious problems with vaccines .
MERCURY AND OTHER TOXINS IN VACCINES
Extremely toxic chemicals are always added to all vaccines .
They include mercury , aluminum , formaldehyde , acetone , lead , cadmium and others .
Most often , they are not listed on the package insert .
However , they are needed as sanitizers , stabilizers and preservatives .
They must be added to reduce contamination of the vaccine with other viruses , bacteria , parasites , fecal matter and other items found in the culture medium on which the vaccine germs are grown .
These additives are themselves deadly , especially for very young children .
However , they are highly toxic for everyone .
For instance , they are all neurotoxic .
This means they impair and can destroy brain function , especially in young , quickly - growing children and infants .
Some are toxic for the immune system , for the digestive system and for other body systems as well .
Mercury is probably the worst single offender in the vaccine tragedy now occurring all over the world where vaccination is practiced .
Well - known symptoms of mercury toxicity in young children include autism , ADHD , gut damage , visual disturbances , and delayed myelination of the nerves .
Other problems include thyroid disease , delayed development , learning disorders and even death .
Mercury has been well - studied , despite lies to the contrary by our health agencies such as The Institute For Medicine , the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) and the Centers For Disease Control ( CDC ) .
AUTISM
Bernard Rimland , PhD , is director of the Autism Research Institute and founder of the Autism Society of America .
He wrote :
“ The FDA , CDC and various medical associations have failed miserably in their duty to protect our children ( from the horrors of vaccination , editors note ) .
Rather than acknowledge their role in creating the immense , catastrophic rise in autism , they have resorted to denial and obstruction .
They stand to lose their credibility and billions of dollars in liability suits that will soon reach our courts .
The truth must and will emerge . ”
The gravest symptom of mercury , according to many studies , is a worldwide epidemic of a “ new ” disease , autism .
It was totally unknown before about 1940 , before mass vaccination began .
In the 1980s , the incidence was about 1 in 10,000 children .
Today it is diagnosed in 1 in 150 children , about 80 % of which are boys .
In fact , the incidence is much higher in vaccinated boys , according to a 2007 study of 17,674 children in California and Oregon .
Treatment for mercury toxicity is not always successful , so autism and several other conditions possibly related to it such as ADHD , developmental delays and learning problems are extremely costly and in many instances hard to treat .
Thimerisol - Free Vaccines .
Some vaccines are now available without thimerisol or mercury - free .
However , many doctors and hospitals do not stock them .
Also , this is often a lie .
For example , those who have requested thimerisol - free vaccines are told incorrectly that they are receving them , when , in fact , they are not .
Thimerisol - free can mean the vaccine just contains less mercury .
Even most flu shots still contain 25 mcg of mercury as thimerisol .
Also , if thimerisol mercury is not present in your vaccine , something has replaced it that may not be listed on the label and could be as toxic or moreso than thimerisol .
For all the documentation on the link between mercury as thimerisol and autism , please read Evidence of Harm - The Story of Thimerisol by David Kirby .
MEMORY LOSS , LEARNING DISORDERS AND OTHER BEHAVIORAL PROBLEMS
Aluminum is commonly used to stabilize vaccines .
It is associated with dementia and other brain problems .
Lead and cadmium found in some vaccines and other pharmaceutical preparations cause severe tissue damage to the liver , kidneys and other organs and systems of the body .
Acetone , another vaccine component , also used as nail polish remover , damages the liver , kidneys and most other organs of the body .
Cumulative Poisons .
Health authorities tell us the amount of mercury , aluminum and other toxins in vaccines is small .
Let us review the numbers .
The recommended exposure to mercury for a newborn is 1 - 4 micrograms or mcg .
It is estimated that today ’s child receives up to 212 mcg of mercury from his recommended vaccines !
Similar huge exposures occur to aluminum , cadmium , lead and other toxic chemicals and metals .
Add to this that most children born today already have excessive levels of these toxins in their bodies .
This is due to vaccines given to the mother , along with environmental exposures that range from silver amalgam dental fillings that are half mercury to eating too much fish .
Many pharmaceutical drugs also contain the same preservatives and chemicals as vaccines .
Childhood is also a time of extreme vulnerability to toxic chemicals of any kind because the nervous system and other body systems are growing fast .
AIDS AND GULF WAR SYNDROME
The greatest incidence of AIDS happens to be in the most intense regions of smallpox vaccination in Africa , Brazil and Haiti .
Scientists believe this may have occurred because African monkeys were imported to the United States and elsewhere to produce certain vaccines .
These shots may have accidentally transmitted the SV40 monkey virus to the people .
This is a close relative of the AIDS virus .
Let us explain why this could have happened .
Vaccines are grown on dog and monkey kidneys , horse and calf serums ( including pus ) , rabbits ’ brains , even animal urine .
This can introduce the DNA of other species directly into the blood of young human children .
This is akin to genetic engineering , but with no controls and unknown long - term consequences .
This could be the origin of AIDS and many other strange new diseases today .
Beware , there are no long - term studies done on today ’s vaccines before they are introduced and recommended by our public health authorities .
Read that sentence over and over before you go for your next flu shot or vaccine for your child .
Mixing animal organs and tissues directly with a child ’s blood also introduces a wide variety of random viruses , bacteria , parasites and other material that is contained in these body fluids and tissues .
It is impossible to purify tissues completely .
Even if it is done correctly , one can never know when contamination has occurred .
Gulf War Syndrome .
This has taken the vitality and even the lives of many of our best young men and women .
Is it about vaccines ?
You decide .
Our troops received about 15 “ experimental ” vaccines .
Even those who were never deployed to the Middle East developed gulf war syndrome .
Troops from France , however , did not receive the experimental vaccines .
They did not develop Gulf War syndrome , even though they fought against Saddam Hussein ’s army with its possible use of chemical and biological weapons .
This would tend to rule out chemical weapons , depleted uranium or food - borne illness as causes of Gulf War Syndrome .
In spite of these facts , the American military vaccine program continues today .
THE NEED FOR FURTHER VACCINE RESEARCH
In 2005 , Julie Gerberding , director the Centers For Disease Control , stated that studying the health of vaccinated versus unvaccinated children would be “ something that could be done ” .
Yet no such studies have been begun by our government , in spite of begging and pleading by several groups of concerned citizens .
In October , 2007 , however , Generation Rescue , a private group , spent their own money to conduct a survey of 17,674 children in California and Oregon from ages 4 - 17 .
911 unvaccinated children were found .
The study showed that the incidence of ADHD among the older unvaccinated boys was less than one fourth that of the vaccinated boys .
The incidence of autism among boys who were not vaccinated was less than half that of boys who were vaccinated .
This is extremely damming evidence , and quite easily verified by more studies , but so far the government refuses to do the studies .
The California - Oregon study was conducted based on an earlier smaller study of Amish people in 2005 .
The Amish do not allow their children to be vaccinated .
This study revealed only three cases of autism .
Upon further investigation , all three of these children had been vaccinated .
Two were adopted into the community after vaccination .
The third was a boy whose mother joined the Amish community after he was vaccinated .
In other words , no autism at all was found among the Amish !
Privately funds an unvaccinated children are desperately needed for more studies of this kind .
Anyone who has an unvaccinated a child may inquire about participating in such a study by contacting Mary Tocco at Mary@marytocco.com .
SUDDEN INFANT DEATH
The cause of Sudden Infant Death , or SIDS , is not known .
It is increasing , however , wherever vaccination is practiced .
A revealing study was conducted in Australia in the 1970s .
Due to safety concerns , vaccination was made voluntary in Australia .
Almost immediately half the population stopped vaccinating .
The same year , the incidence of Sudden Infant Death also decreased in Australia by about 50 % .
Obviously , this is an area in need of greater research to confirm or disprove a link between SIDS and vaccination .
OTHER CONSIDERATIONS
BEFORE VACCINATING
Vaccination Is Not Immunization .
When vaccines are effective , they do not confer complete or “ natural ” immunity .
This is well - known , but hardly ever explained to parents and others .
In fact , vaccines only confer an artificial , partial or temporary immunity .
The only way to obtain full immunity from an infectious illness is if one actually goes through the illness and recovers fully .
Vaccine - based “ immunity ” , by way of contrast , diminishes in its protective effect after one or more years , assuming it was effective at all .
As stated in an earlier section of this article , one does not know if one ’s vaccination was or is ever effective or not .
There is no easy way to tell .
The Need For Boosters .
Natural immunity occurs due to contracting a case of mumps or chickenpox .
You are in no danger of another episode later in life .
Vaccines , however , reduce in effectiveness after a number of years .
So you can get the disease unless you keep getting vaccinated repeatedly , hoping each time that the vaccine works well .
This is costly and exposes one repeatedly to all the problems associated with vaccines .
More Serious Diseases Later In Life .
Since one does not obtain full immunity to disease from a vaccine and may forget even one booster shot , many people get mumps , chickenpox or rubella ( German measles ) later in life .
This is far worse than having it as a child and is associated with deafness , birth defects and even death .
Other side effects later in life might include multiple sclerosis , adult ADHD , and much more .
Spreading Diseases .
Sadly , vaccination can spread disease in three ways :
1 ) People get the disease they are being vaccinated against .
Most cases of polio , whooping cough , diphtheria and even tuberculosis are in people who have been vaccinated .
2 ) People who are vaccinated get a mild case of the disease and spread it to someone else by contagion .
3 ) Vaccines can spread germs and even cause new types of diseases when they are made by sloppiness during their manufacture .
Viral cultures must be reproduced or grown on eggs , animals and other media .
Occasionally slip -ups , contamination and other problems occur that are potentially very dangerous , such as the AIDS possibility discussed above .
4 ) Vaccination spreads all disease by weakening people ’s immune systems .
This is a very serious problem in itself .
“ Killed ” Vaccines .
This is not so much a problem in itself as much as it is a deliberate lie to make vaccines more acceptable to the public .
Vaccines never contain just killed micro-organisms .
If they did , they would be ineffective .
Instead , they contain very weakened or attenuated organisms .
So the term “ killed ” vaccines is definitely incorrect .
Combinations of vaccines .
Administering several vaccines at once , of combination vaccines like the DPT is an even greater recipe for disaster .
Reports from the federal Vaccine Injury Compensation Program ( see references ) indicate that the most deaths have occurred with combination vaccines .
These include the DPT , DaPT and the MMR .
Also , combination of individual vaccines are often given at a single doctor ’s visit to save time and trouble .
This is also an very unwise and insane practice , according to government statistics .
Healthy People Are Much Less Susceptible to All Illness .
This should be obvious but bears repeating .
There is no substitute for eating well , resting adequately and living healthfully .
Any other approach to your health is risky at best .
Vaccines are known to weaken the body and thus worsen general health .
Most Infectious Diseases Are Benign .
This includes such “ killer ” diseases like polio , which is completely benign in over 95 % of cases .
Many people have had it and do n’t ever know it .
It appears as a flu - like syndrome that passes without a problem if treated correctly .
Most cases of polio since the 1980s are in vaccinated children .
Another illness that occurs mostly in vaccinated children in whooping cough .
It , too , can be handled with conventional medical and natural methods without the need for vaccination in almost all cases .
Measles , mumps and chickenpox are also totally benign in most cases .
In fact , it is far better to contract it harmlessly as a child than to be vaccinated and run the risk that the vaccine loses its effect after 10 or 20 years .
When that happens , on may contract the disease as an adult , when these illnesses are far more severe than in childhood .
The same is true of hepatitis , infant diarrhea , diphtheria , tetanus , flu shots , human papilla virus , herpes , and the other diseases for which vaccinations are suggested .
In summary , the side effects of the vaccines tend to be far worse than the illnesses they are designed to protect against .
Also , there are no guarantees the vaccines are even effective .
In one vaccine package insert , I read that in 42 % of cases , the vaccine did not “ take ” , meaning it was not effective ,
All Diseases Are Treatable .
Doctors may say that some diseases , such as polio , are “ untreatable ” and thus vaccination is needed .
This is absolutely untrue , as is some other information available about infectious diseases .
“ Untreatable ” means only that the doctor does n’t know how to treat it .
Most all infections , bacterial and viral , can be handled safely and quickly by modern emergency medicine .
This was not the case , however , 50 years ago when many vaccines were developed . ,
Natural approaches can enhance treatment , and at times is far better than any drugs or other medical therapies , especially if used at the first sign of illness .
The basics of natural treatment for infections include :
1 ) Plenty of rest .
Keep your child home from school or , if you are the one who is ill , stay home from work .
This alone helps the body fight the infection more than any other single measure .
2) Natural Remedies .
Colloidal silver , herbs such as Echinacea , and golden seal , vitamins A and C , bee propolis , and other natural remedies can be used immediately .
They must be given in sufficient amounts for the age and weight of the person .
Chiropractic , colon therapy , energy balancing and many other natural therapies can also greatly assist the body to fight any infection .
Once again , natural methods of treatment can and should be applied immediately and aggressively .
This is true even if one will visit a doctor and take an antibiotic or antiviral medicine .
An older natural healing book , Back To Eden by Jethro Kloss is one resource for old - fashioned ways to cope with infectious diseases in a gentle , safe manner .
Newer natural remedies include colloidal silver and especially vitamins A and C in high doses .
According to the book , Curing The Incurable , Vitamin C , Infections and Toxins by Thomas E. Levy , vitamin C in high doses will stop most all infections .
Exercise caution with vitamin C drips , however .
This is not something to do lightly and I hardly ever recommend it because other methods are much safer , less expensive and even better .
For example , I much prefer to use sauna therapy for deep , chronic infections and obtain excellent results .
The point is , there are plenty of ways besides conventional medicine to cope with infections without resorting to vaccination with all its problems we have elaborated above .
3 ) Drink lots of water and eat lightly .
Preferably drink distilled or spring water .
Do not eat too much of anything when feverish .
Favor soups and liquids .
Do not eat any junk food , as it just makes fighting the infection that much harder .
For much more information about treating infections naturally , read Boosting The Immune System .
OPTING OUT
Anyone in America who does not wish to be vaccinated can still opt out – either on philosophical or on religious grounds .
You need not submit yourself or your children to the horror that is vaccination today .
Here is a link to find Vaccine Refusal Forms .
The references below also list websites that offer vaccine refusal forms for every state .
Some schools have them as well .
Do not allow yourself and your child to be bullied .
If you still choose to have yourself or your child vaccinated and problems arise , report them quickly to a physician and insist that he report them to the Vaccine Adverse Effect Reporting System or VAERS .
Filing A Vaccine Injury Claim .
If you wish to file a claim for vaccine injury , our benevolent government will pay your legal cost , even if you do not win your case .
Most cases are dismissed , probably because of the 10 - day rule .
But at least there is some legal recourse .
A website in the references specifically deals with legal defense for those injured by vaccines .
IF YOU STILL DECIDE TO VACCINATE
If you choose to vaccinate , here are some important and perhaps life - saving suggestions :
1 ) Never vaccinate unless the person is very healthy .
If your child is sniffling or has an upset stomach on the day of the doctor ’s appointment , call and reschedule when the child is totally well .
2 ) Never , ever give a child more than once vaccine at a time .
Combinations are far more lethal , according to all statistical studies of vaccination .
3 ) Always request mercury and thimerisol - free vaccines and ask to see the package insert to verify this .
Do not trust the doctor or nurse on this one .
Many doctors are simply not informed on this topic .
Also , check what was used as the replacement for thimerisol .
It could be just as bad as thimerisol or worse .
Remember , something must be used to reduce vaccine contaminants .
WHEN IS VACCINATION INDICATED ?
One may ask ,
What if I do not eat well and must work a lot as well ?
Then should I get vaccinated and vaccinate my children ?
The answer is a definite no , in my view .
Instead , take better care of yourself and your children , because the resources to nourish yourselves better , detoxify the body , and heal the body naturally are readily available .
You may also ask , What about vaccines for the starving children in Africa , pars of Asia and other undeveloped nations ?
They cannot afford good food , healthful water to drink and clean homes .
The answer is that while vaccines may save a few lives , this must be weighed against the problems vaccines cause .
Studies show that many poor children have infections , and this means vaccination is probably even more dangerous among them .
So many die anyway that good studies of vaccine - related injuries among them are difficult .
The money for vaccines would be far better spent on bringing them better food , better water , better homes and vitamin and mineral supplements .
Many years ago I lived in Mexico and worked there as a medical student and intern .
I found it sad that most of the children who developed polio were the ones who were vaccinated .
I cannot think of any times I would recommend vaccination .
HAVING HEALTHY CHILDREN
Vaccines distract us from raising healthy children naturally .
This topic is large .
Much more information about raising healthy children is available in several other articles on this website .
Here is basic information if you wish to have healthy children :
Prenatal Care .
This should begin long before having children .
The only adequate prenatal care , in my experience of 30 years , is to embark on a nutritional balancing program of the type I design .
Preferably do this a year or more before you want to have children .
Both mothers and fathers , too , could use this , although it is most critical for a ll young women who ever hope to have children .
Nothing less will do , although eating many more cooked , not raw vegetables , ( and not fruits ) and caring for the body much better are always helpful .
Taking a “ pre-natal vitamin ” when a woman is pregnant is far too little too late .
This style of prenatal care is laughable .
By this time , most of the baby ’s nervous system is already quite far along in development , although the baby is still very tiny .
It takes months to years to build up the body ’s nutritional state , especially after the ravages of the teenage years .
Most teens eat terribly , do not sleep enough and may engage in often stupid and dangerous behavior like premarital sex and other activities .
Our governments and most health educators encourage teens to eat poorly by allowing the sale of all manner of junk foods in school cafeterias and in the supermarkets .
Sadly , this is how we prepare our young women , in particular , to have healthful children .
It is no wonder so many mothers and their children have physical and emotional problems .
Farmers and ranchers all know that one must prepare the adult animals well , with superior nutrition , to produce healthy offspring .
Dog breeders know this , too .
In some “ primitive ” cultures girls begin preparing for pregnancy when they reach puberty .
The only ones that seem to be in the dark are our medical and other government health “ authorities ” .
Breastfeeding is another obvious way to improve the health of children .
This tends to run in fads in medicine .
Right now it is “ in ” , although mothers are told that a few months of breast feeding is adequate .
It is not .
One should breastfeed for two to three years for optimum immune system development .
La Leche League International is one of the best resources on our planet because it helps many mothers to keep breastfeeding when they develop difficulties and have no one else to consult .
This is a very worthwhile organization to support .
Children ’s Diets .
This is the most important way to keep children healthy , rather than vaccinate them repeatedly .
Most children ’s diets are so bad I wonder how the children even survive , at times .
Cooked vegetables , ideally some with each meal , are very important today .
Meats are important for many nutrients , and some whole grains are okay in moderation only .
Soda pop , fruit juices , refined sugars , white flour products , chemicalized “ foods ” , and even eating fruit can all ruin children ’s health .
Fruit is too sugary , too yin in Chinese medical terms , and not as healthful today .
For more on this important subject , please read Fruit - eating on this site .
Lifestyle .
Children also need plenty of rest , especially the teenagers , and a lot of peace and quiet .
They need human interaction and not just computer games .
They need to stay away from cell phones as much as possible as well .
These simple measures , diet and lifestyle , are critical at all ages , but especially for today ’s children .
References
Books and Periodicals :
1. Australian Vaccination Network , Informed Voice Magazine .
2. Butler , H. , Just A Little Prick .
( 496 pages , excellent but hard to find ) .
3. Coulter , H. , 1999 , Vaccination , Social Violence , and Criminality : The Medical Assault on the American Brain .
Also by Dr. Coulter : A Shot In The Dark .
4. DeLatte , Y. , 1990 , Vaccinations , The Untold Truth . ( superb research ) .
5. Deodati , C. , Immunization : History , Ethics , Law and Health .
6. Dye , M. , Vaccinations : Deception & Tragedy .
7. Halvorsen , R. , The Truth About Vaccines : How We Are Used as Guinea Pigs Without Knowing It .
8. Kirby , D. , Evidence Of Harm .
( excellent book on the mercury / thimerisol controversy )
9. Koch , W.F. , 1961 , The Survival Factor in Neoplastic and Viral Disease .
Excellent discussion of vaccines and antibiotics .
10 . Matsumoto , G. , Vaccine - A : The Covert Government Experiment That 's Killing Our Soldiers -- And Why GI 's Are Only The First Victims .
11 . McBean , E. , 1993 , The Poisoned Needle .
12 . Mendelsohn , R.S. , 1987 , How to Raise a Healthy Child in Spite of Your Doctor .
13 . Miller , N. , 2002 , Vaccines : Are They Really Safe and Effective .
14 . Miller , N. , 1995 , Immunization Theory Vs. Reality : Expose on Vaccinations .
15 . Mullins , E. , 1988 , Murder By Injection .
16 . Olmsted , D. , paper on autism among the Amish people of Pennsylvania , April 19 , 2005 .
17 . O’Shea , T. , 2005 , The Sanctity of Human Blood : Vaccination Is Not Immunization , 9th edition .
18 . Schreibner , V. , PhD. , ( studies on vaccines and Sudden Infant Death ) .
19 . Tocco , Mary , “ Are Vaccines Safe ” , excellent presentation video , available from www.childhoodshots.com or 231-642-7984 .
20 . Tuite , James , ( studies of Gulf War Syndrome ) .
21 . Wakefield , Andrew ( studies on autism caused by vaccines , specifically related to gut problems ) .
Websites :
Private Groups :
1. www.Thinktwice.com/ ( excellent site operated by Neil Miller )
2. www.nvic.org ( National Vaccine Information Center )
2. www.vaclib.org, ( American )
3. www.vaccinetruth.org ( American )
4. www.thinktwice.com/lawyers.htm
( vaccine legal defense )
5. www.vran.org ( excellent Canadian site )
6. Mercola.com ( excellent for new developments )
7. www.childhoodshots.com ( offers for sale an excellent presentation on DVD ) .
Government :
1. www.hrsa.gov/vaccinecompensation ( The Vaccine Injury Compensation Program )
2. www.vaers.hhs.gov
( The Vaccine Adverse Effects Reporting System )
Other :
Millbank Memorial Fund Quarterly , Summer 1977 , pp. 405-428 ( regarding effectiveness of vaccines in eliminating diseases ) .
Home * Hair Analysis * Saunas * Books * Articles
Detoxification Protocols * Courses * About Dr. Wilson
OKLAHOMA CITY — Oklahoma is far from the border and home to fewer illegal immigrants than much of the U.S.
But this heartland state has emerged as the most aggressive combatant of illegal immigration alongside Arizona , thanks to a state lawmaker who has built his political career around the issue .
Arizona sparked a nationwide controversy by approving a law last month that makes it a state crime to be in the U.S. illegally and requires police to question people they stop about their immigration status if there is reason to suspect ...
A mathematical calculation to figure out whether it ’s box wine , 40s , Mad Dog , Natty Ice or something else .
Time to drink like a hobo !
( Side to side .
Elbows up , side to side . )
A little while back , I did a list of the 11 Best Beers To Get You Drunk But Not Make You Fat .
It ended up being fairly controversial — disputes over the actual alcohol content of Beck ’s Light ( versus Beck ’s Premier Light ) ended up putting a big ol ’ asterisk on the entire thing .
Today , I ’m here for redemption .
It ’s the perfect list for a Monday morning (? ) — the 11 cheapest ways to get yourself all drunk .
For my calculations , I based my formula off the one used on the excellent website Get Drunk Not Broke ( although I found my numbers came out differently than theirs , usually because of discrepancies over cost ) .
Using the abv percentage , I ’d figure out the cost of three ounces of straight alcohol .
Then , based on the price per ounce of each type of booze , I ’d figure out the cheapest ways to get the most alcohol .
So the formula is …
See , kids — the stuff you ’re learning in math class does come up in real life .
11 | “ Light ” 40s of malt liquor
( ~6.1 % abv , $ 1.75 - $ 2 for 40 oz. , $ 2.19 - $ 2.45 per 3 oz. of alcohol )
I never realized there were two classes of 40s until I started working on this list .
These are your standard 40s — specifically King Cobra , Schlitz , Olde English and Colt 45 .
They ’re a great value — taste not withstanding — and ideal for duct taping to your hands .
10 | Charles “ Two - Buck Chuck ” Shaw , white
( 11 % abv , $ 2 for 750 ml , $ 2.15 per 3 oz. of alcohol )
Ah , Trader Joe ’s — home of bread that spoils in three days , parking lots that fill bargain hunting yuppies with murderous rage , and , yes , some of the cheapest wine in the country .
I actually prefer the white Two - Buck Chuck to the red ( which is featured later in this list ) — unlike the red , you only need to be KINDA drunk not to notice how bootleg the white tastes — but , because of its slightly lower alcohol by volume percentage , it ’s not quite the same value .
9 | Everclear grain alcohol
( 95 % abv , $ 16 for 750 ml , $ 1.99 per 3 oz. of alcohol )
When I was a sophomore in college , my friend Bruce would only drink Everclear .
He ’d put two shots of it into a 20 - ounce bottle of Hawaiian Punch .
About an hour later he ’d have a nice red ring around his mouth ( like a kid ) and be just stumbling drunk ( like a French kid ) .
We ’re fairly sure the year of Everclear drinking bored a hole in his stomach .
But man , was it an easy way for him to get from point A to point B. Verdict : Totally worth it .
8 | Cheap fortified wines ( MD 20/20 , Thunderbird , Night Train Express )
( 18 % abv , $ 3 for 750 ml , $ 1.96 per 3 oz. of alcohol )
It ’s the classic hobo wine — bright , fruity , ridiculously potent , cheap … and a bottle that ’s conveniently shaped to fit perfectly in a small brown paper bag .
I ’m afraid , though , that the younger generations do n’t know about MD 20/20 ( which , by the way , goyim , technically stands for Mogen David and not Mad Dog ) , as it continues to rapidly vanish from stores ’ inventory .
A few weeks ago , my 26 - year - old friend Molly and I were in a questionably - reputable liquor store and I spotted it in the fridge .
I joyfully pointed it out and she had never heard of it .
And she ’s Irish .
Terrible sign for brand recognition there .
7 | “ High gravity ” 40s of malt liquor
( ~8 % abv , $ 2 for 40 oz. , $ 1.84 - $ 1.87 per 3 oz. of alcohol )
These are the more potent 40s — ones that hit 8 + percent alcohol by volume ( at least in states where that ’s legal ) .
We ’re talking Steel Reserve 211 , Olde English 800 High Gravity and St. Ides .
I ’ve never tried St. Ides , I only know it from this infamous commercial where they had Ice Cube rap that St. Ides “ get your girl in the mood quicker / get your jimmy thicker . ”
I ’ve put down a few 40s in my time .
They have never effected the girth of my penis … at least , definitely not for the positive .
6 | 6 . Natural Ice
( 5.9 % abv , $ 13 for a 30 - pack , $ 1.83 per 3 oz. of alcohol )
The only beer on this list , and it ’s Natty Ice .
Of course it is , right ?
It shares so much in common with everything else on this list : Unbelievably cheap , tastes gross … yet still calls out to you from the shelf even though you REALLY know better .
5 | Charles “ Two - Buck Chuck ” Shaw , red
( 13.2 % abv , $ 2 for 750 ml , $ 1.79 per 3 oz. of alcohol )
More alcoholic than , but the same rock bottom price as , its white counterpart .
Trivia :
You know who owns the Charles Shaw brand ?
A company run by Fred Franzia .
You know what brand he does n’t own ?
Franzia .
That brand is owned by The Wine Group , which purchased it from Ernest Gallo ( of E & J Gallo Winery , the people behind Andre , Boone ’s Farm and Carlo Rossi ) .
Gallo is Fred Franzia ’s uncle .
All that was written to ( 1 ) be intentionally confusing and ( 2 ) show the incestuous orgy that IS the American dirt cheap wine industry .
4 | Popov vodka
( 40 % abv , $ 14 for 1.75 liters , $ 1.77 per 3 oz. of alcohol )
According to the online retailer Carmel ’s Finest , Popov vodka “ owns a peculiar bouquet reminiscent of turkey dressing ; palate entry is sweet , ripe and grapey ; midpalate highlights the sweet , fruity ripeness . ”
First of all , what is turkey dressing and who wants their vodka to taste like it ?
And second of all , are they really trying to use wine snob terms to describe a brand of vodka so crappy that even the Rite Aid house brand of vodka is embarrassed to be seen with it ?
( And that brand might actually have chunks of potato still floating in it . )
Is that a joke ?
I guess not — for their description of the equally - low - end Gilbey ’s Gin they write : “ Reminiscent of spices , minerals , and dried herbs .
Medium light body with a delicate , creamy texture . ”
That ’s just what I want in my gin : Creaminess .
3 | Franzia box -o - wine , white
( 13.6 % abv , $ 11 for 5 - liter box , $ 1.43 per 3 oz. of alcohol )
You know what ’s an underrated drinking game that I wish we ’d known about in college ?
The Tour de Franzia , where everyone puts on bike helmets and sits around drinking boxes of wine .
I mean , I played dozens of other stupid games in college — from broomball on ice to “ drink three beers during the course of a song ” to “ throw water balloons at Northwestern ’s many skunks ” to just the tip — how did that one escape me ?
2 | Carlo Rossi jug -o - wine , red
( 13.6 % abv , $ 8 for 4 - liter jug , $ 1.30 per 3 oz. of alcohol )
I have a soft spot for wine in jug form .
It just feels so … American .
Like , you show up to a housewarming with a bottle of wine — they thank you , put it on a shelf or in their wine rack , and have no idea who gave it to them when they eventually drink it a few months later .
You bring a jug to a housewarming party — there ’s no way they forget about you .
1 | Franzia box -o - wine , red
( 13.6 % abv , $ 8.50 for 5 - liter box , $ 1.11 per 3 oz. of alcohol )
Jesus turned water into wine .
With Franzia , it might be economically beneficial to flip that equation around .
—
Finally , for reference , this is all based on drinking at home — if you go to a bar , things get astronomically expensive .
If you ’re at a place that charges $ 3 for a Bud Light , it becomes $ 17.86 per three ounces of alcohol — the fifth most expensive way to get drunk .
It ’s more economical to buy Patron silver and drink it at home .
Also , a few things that just missed the top 11 cheapest list were Pabst Blue Ribbon , Keystone Ice , Mickey ’s and Bacardi 151 Rum .
Absinthe did n’t crack the top because of its prohibitive cost and Cristal came in dead last — with 12.5 % abv and $ 300 a bottle cost , it was almost five times less economical than the drink that finished in second - to - last place …
O’Doul’s .
—
You may also like …
11 Best Beers to Get You Drunk But Not Make You Fat
11 Alcoholic Drinks , Ranked By Hangover Severity
11 Manliest Alcoholic Drinks Ever
Scientists Have Determined Just How Fun
It Is to Get Drunk
11 Drunkest Presidents in U.S. History
The matchup is now set , with the Miami Heat and the Los Angeles Lakers emerging as the last two teams standing in the chase to be crowned champions of the most tumultuous season in NBA history .
When people talk about polymorphism in C++ they usually mean the thing of using a derived class through the base class pointer or reference , which is called subtype polymorphism .
But they often forget that there are all kinds of other polymorphisms in C++ , such as parametric polymorphism , ad - hoc polymorphism and coercion polymorphism .
These polymorphisms also go by different names in C++ ,
Subtype polymorphism is also known as runtime polymorphism .
. Parametric polymorphism is also known as compile - time polymorphism .
.
Ad -hoc polymorphism is also known as overloading .
. Coercion is also known as ( implicit or explicit ) casting .
In this article I 'll illustrate all the polymorphisms through examples in C++ language and also give insight on why they have various other names .
Subtype Polymorphism ( Runtime Polymorphism )
Subtype polymorphism is what everyone understands when they say " polymorphism " in C ++.
It 's the ability to use derived classes through base class pointers and references .
Here is an example .
Suppose you have various cats like these felines ,
Polymorphic cats on a mat by James Halliday .
Since they are all of Felidae biological family , and they all should be able to meow , they can be represented as classes inheriting from Felid base class and overriding the meow pure virtual function ,
// file cats.h class Felid { public : virtual void meow ( ) = 0 ; } ; class Cat : public Felid { public : void meow ( ) { std::cout << " Meowing like a regular cat ! meow !
" ; } } ; class Tiger : public Felid { public : void meow ( ) { std::cout << " Meowing like a tiger !
MREOWWW !
" ; } } ; class Ocelot : public Felid { public : void meow ( ) { std::cout << " Meowing like an ocelot ! mews !
" ; } } ;
Now the main program can use Cat , Tiger and Ocelot interchangeably through Felid ( base class ) pointer ,
# include < iostream > # include " cats.h " void do_meowing ( Felid * cat ) { cat -> meow ( ) ; } int main ( ) {
Cat cat ;
Tiger tiger ; Ocelot ocelot ; do_meowing ( &cat ) ; do_meowing ( &tiger ) ; do_meowing ( &ocelot ) ; }
Here the main program passes pointers to cat , tiger and ocelot to do_meowing function that expects a pointer to Felid .
Since they are all Felid s , the program calls the right meow function for each felid and the output is :
Meowing like a regular cat ! meow !
Meowing like a tiger !
MREOWWW !
Meowing like an ocelot ! mews !
Subtype polymorphism is also called runtime polymorphism for a good reason .
The resolution of polymorphic function calls happens at runtime through an indirection via the virtual table .
Another way of explaining this is that compiler does not locate the address of the function to be called at compile - time , instead when the program is run , the function is called by dereferencing the right pointer in the virtual table .
In type theory it 's also known as inclusion polymorphism .
Parametric Polymorphism ( Compile - Time Polymorphism )
Parametric polymorphism provides a means to execute the same code for any type .
In C++ parametric polymorphism is implemented via templates .
One of the simplest examples is a generic max function that finds maximum of two of its arguments ,
# include < iostream > # include < string > template < class T > T max ( T a , T b ) { return a > b ? a : b ; } int main ( ) { std::cout << ::max( 9 , 5 ) << std::endl ; // 9 std ::string foo ( " foo " ) , bar ( " bar " ) ; std::cout << :: max ( foo , bar ) << std::endl ; // " foo " }
Here the max function is polymorphic on type T .
Note , however , that it does n't work on pointer types because comparing pointers compares the memory locations and not the contents .
To get it working for pointers you 'd have to specialize the template for pointer types and that would no longer be parametric polymorphism but would be ad - hoc polymorphism .
Since parametric polymorphism happens at compile time , it 's also called compile - time polymorphism .
Ad-hoc Polymorphism ( Overloading )
Ad -hoc polymorphism allows functions with the same name act differently for each type .
For example , given two int s and the + operator , it adds them together .
Given two std :: string s it concatenates them together .
This is called overloading .
Here is a concrete example that implements function add for int s and string s ,
# include < iostream > # include < string > int add ( int a , int b ) { return a + b ; } std :: string add ( const char * a , const char * b ) { std :: string result ( a ) ; result += b ; return result ; } int main ( ) { std::cout << add ( 5 , 9 ) << std::endl ; std:: cout << add ( " hello " , " world " ) << std::endl ; }
Ad -hoc polymorphism also appears in C++ if you specialize templates .
Returning to the previous example about max function , here is how you 'd write a max for two char * ,
template <> const char * max ( const char * a , const char * b ) { return strcmp( a , b ) > 0 ? a : b ; }
Now you can call :: max ( " foo " , " bar " ) to find maximum of strings " foo " and " bar " .
Coercion Polymorphism ( Casting )
Coercion happens when an object or a primitive is cast into another object type or primitive type .
For example ,
float b = 6 ; // int gets promoted ( cast ) to float implicitly int a = 9.99 // float gets demoted to int implicitly
Explicit casting happens when you use C's type - casting expressions , such as ( unsigned int *) or ( int ) or C++'s static_cast , const_cast , reinterpret_cast , or dynamic_cast .
Coercion also happens if the constructor of a class is n't explicit , for example ,
# include < iostream > class A { int foo ; public : A( int ffoo ) : foo( ffoo ) {} void giggidy ( ) { std:: cout << foo << std::endl ; } } ; void moo( A a ) { a.giggidy ( ) ; } int main ( ) { moo( 55 ) ; // prints 55 }
If you made the constructor of A explicit , that would no longer be possible .
It 's always a good idea to make your constructors explicit to avoid accidental conversions .
Also if a class defines conversion operator for type T , then it can be used anywhere where type T is expected .
For example ,
class CrazyInt { int v ; public : CrazyInt ( int i ) : v( i ) {} operator int ( ) const { return v ; } // conversion from CrazyInt to int } ;
The CrazyInt defines a conversion operator to type int .
Now if we had a function , let 's say , print_int that took int as an argument , we could also pass it an object of type CrazyInt ,
# include < iostream > void print_int ( int a ) { std:: cout << a << std::endl ; } int main ( ) { CrazyInt b = 55 ; print_int ( 999 ) ; // prints 999 print_int ( b ) ; // prints 55 }
Subtype polymorphism that I discussed earlier is actually also coercion polymorphism because the derived class gets converted into base class type .
Have fun with all this new new knowledge about polymorphism and see you next time !
The Jungle Book
The Jungle Book ( 1894 ) is a collection of stories by English Nobel laureate Rudyard Kipling .
The stories were first published in magazines in 1893 - 94 .
The original publications contain illustrations , some by Rudyard 's father , John Lockwood Kipling .
Kipling was born in India and spent the first six years of his childhood there .
After about ten years in England , he went back to India and worked there for about six - and - a - half years .
These stories were written when Kipling lived in Vermont .
There is evidence that it was written for his daughter Josephine , who died in 1899 aged six , after a rare first edition of the book with a poignant handwritten note by the author to his young daughter was discovered at the National Trust 's Wimpole Hall in Cambridgeshire in 2010 . ( from wikipedia.org )
Related Links The Jungle Book - wikipedia
The Jungle Book ( 1894 ) is a collection of stories by English Nobel laureate Rudyard Kipling .
The stories were first published in magazines in 1893 - 94 .
Jungle Book ( 1942 film )
This is a film adaptation of Rudyard Kipling 's novel The Jungle Book .
It is directed by Zoltan Korda and stars Sabu as Mowgli , Joseph Calleia as Buldeo and John Qualen as the barber .
Elephant Boy ( 1937 film )
Directed by Robert J. Flaherty and Zoltan Korda , the film stars Sabu as Toomai , W. E. Holloway as Father , and Walter Hudd as Petersen .
It is based on the story " Toomai of the Elephants " from Rudyard Kipling 's The Jungle Book ( 1894 ) .
e-Books The Jungle Book by Rudyard Kipling
The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Jungle Book , by Rudyard Kipling .
Read this book online ( HTML ) .
Download This eBook .
EPUB .
Kindle .
Plain Text .
The Jungle Book
By Rudyard Kipling , 1865 - 1936 .
Publisher : New York : The Century Co. Language : English .
Digitizing Sponsor : University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
The Jungle Book
By Rudyard Kipling , 1865 - 1936 .
Publisher : New York : Century .
Digitizing Sponsor : Brigham Young University .
Book Contributor : Harold B. Lee Library .
One of the most successful partnerships in the World Rally Championship is to come to an end after Phil Mills revealed he is to stand down as co-driver to 2003 title winner Petter Solberg .
The pair have contested more than 150 events together over the past eleven years but will now go their separate ways after Mills decided to stand down to focus on other areas of his life .
That includes the Viking Motorsport company formed back in 2008 to build and prepare Mk2 Ford Escorts for use his historic rally competition .
" This has been one of the hardest decisions I have ever had to make but I feel the time has come to now concentrate on other parts of life , " Mills reflected .
" We have competed on 152 WRC events together over the past eleven years and it has become more of a way of life rather than a job .
" I have enjoyed every single kilometre through the highs and lows that came along and I am sure Petter will win many more events in the future given the right circumstances .
I will miss the whole WRC scene very much and wish Petter and the team very great success in the future . "
Solberg admitted it was a sad day for his career to see Mills moving on to pastures new and said he was disappointed not to have been able to give his co-driver one more victory before his departure .
" Phil is leaving the team and I feel really sad about it , " he said .
" I think it will be very difficult to find a co-driver with his skills , to join me in my car again .
We have been together for so many years , in fact I 've had him by my side through most of my career , so this is a tough break up for me .
" Looking back on what we have achieved together , I feel especially sorry as I was sure our next win would happen this season and I was hoping to have Phil by my side when it happens .
He has been the one that has meant the most for me through my career .
Our relationship must have been the strongest relationship between driver and co-driver ever ! "
A decision on Mills ' replacement has yet to be taken .
Varian 's TrueBeam is the latest automated radiation system that can kill tumors with sniper - like precision .
Credit : Varian Medical Systems
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Traditional radiation therapy has been used for years to kill cancer cells .
The disadvantage of using this method is that healthy cells are also destroyed along with the cancer cells .
In the past ten years radiation blasting robotic systems have been introduced that can target and fire with millimeter precision .
These new super - accurate radiation - blasting robotic systems have been used in a wide range of cancer treatment and have proven their effectiveness in killing cancer cells while leaving the healthy cells untouched .
Accuray and TomoTherapy have been the two big names for years in providing state - of - the - art cancer treatment .
Now a med - tech giant Varian has just released their automated radiation - blasting system called TrueBeam .
This system provides more accurate targeting of cancer cells than the other two .
Each of these systems work slightly different but they all kill cancer cells in tumors using high energy radiation .
The new generation of radiation robots is lowering the rate of dead healthy cells by more accurately targeting the cancer cells .
The three videos below will demonstrate how each system operates :
Accuray ’s automated radiation machine , ‘ Cyberknife ’ , pivots and tilts around you to find the best access point to irradiate the tumor with millimeter accuracy .
TomoTherpy uses a shuttering system on their machine to achieve similar accuracy as Accuray .
The latest edition , Varian ’s TrueBeam system works in conjunction with their RapidArc software to provide dynamic adjustments with only a 10 ms delay .
In each system doctors program the desired target area in the body and the machine will pivot and adjust itself to hit the tumor on its own .
Each machine can treat a wide variety of cancers ranging from brain to prostate cancer .
Explore further Facts About Prostate Cancer and Its Treatment
More information : Varian , Accuray , TomoTherapy
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
The new cone .
Always easy .
Better .
The new cone .
Always easy .
Better .
VLC media player
VLC is a free and open source cross-platform multimedia player and framework , that plays most multimedias files , medias and streaming protocols .
It is simple to use , yet very powerful and extendable .
Volunteer work !
Help us !
VLC is done by a small team of volunteers .
Sen .
Blanche Lincoln , one of the chief architects of the financial - regulation overhaul nearing completion in Congress , is pushing for a change that would benefit a bank in her home state of Arkansas .
The bank , Arvest Bank Group Inc. , of Bentonville , Ark. , is predominantly owned by the Walton family , of Wal - Mart Stores Inc. fame , perhaps the most influential family in the state and one of the richest in the U.S .
Under Ms. Lincoln 's proposed change , Arvest would be excused from a provision that could require banks to raise more capital , in Arvest 's case about $ 115 million .
Other Senate Democrats had intended only to exempt banks with less than $ 10 billion in capital from the provision .
Ms. Lincoln wants to raise that to $ 15 billion , a threshold that would exempt Arvest .
It is the only bank in Arkansas with between $ 10 billion and $ 15 billion of assets , though there are some in other states .
White House officials have said they do n't want changes that benefit specific companies , leery of the horse - trading that nearly sank their health - care overhaul .
But the administration also can't afford to alienate Ms. Lincoln , head of the Senate Agriculture Committee , whose support on the broader overhaul is vital to its success .
Lawmakers routinely do things to benefit organizations in their home states , often seen as " constituent service . "
But Ms. Lincoln 's move could cause headaches for other Democrats because Arvest is owned by such a wealthy and politically influential company .
Other Democrats in Congress are considering making a change to satisfy the senator , people familiar with the matter said .
The investigation was the largest and most complex that Lancashire police had ever undertaken and it ended with 13 people being jailed for a total of 198 years .
The highly sophisticated gang , based in Preston , imported guns , drugs and ammunition and had direct links to underworld organisations in Poland , the Netherlands and Scotland .
Four of those convicted were women .
But unlike other cases where the females in the gangs play only a small , supporting role , two of the Preston gang – sisters Nyome Hue and Stella Taylor – were key figures , running the enterprise alongside their brother Ivan .
A month earlier , five men and two women were jailed at Manchester crown court for their part in running a multimillion pound cocaine gang .
One of the women , Rebecca Edmonds , was simply a courier but the other , Marcee Pepper , had a crucial role .
She was described by the judge as the " facilitator and secretary of the gang " and the jury were told that she was in charge of arranging logistics and moving illicit profits around the world .
Law enforcement officials and criminologists have expressed alarm at a disturbing trend where increasing numbers of women are becoming involved in all levels of criminality , from violent confrontations and murders among teenage street gangs to the highest levels of the international drug trade .
Earlier this month , a woman was thrown to the ground and robbed by a gang of four teenage girls as she walked along Bangor High Street .
The following week two girls were assaulted by a larger group of girls as they waited at a bus stop in Worcester .
Such is the fascination with female crime that production is due to start on a new film , Sket , which will explore the culture of girl gangs in east London .
Although women are still statistically far less likely to be involved in crime than men , that gap is narrowing rapidly .
Ministry of Justice figures from 2009 showed that annual arrests of teenage girls and women had reached a record level of more than 250,000 .
One in four violent attacks now involves a female .
Last year , more than half a million assaults were carried out by women or involved a female in a gang .
" In recent years , girls have seen the status and power given to male gang members and decided they want some of that , " says clinical psychologist Dr Funke Baffour .
" They have low self - esteem and confuse having self - respect with getting respect from others .
To get into these gangs often requires people to commit an act of violence , but because there is a hierarchy and a jostling for position , these crimes become increasingly violent . "
Last June , the 17 - year - old leader and a 16 - year - old member of London gang Girls Over Men were jailed for a horrifying attack on a 16 - year - old girl .
They abducted their victim off the street in Stratford , east London , at knifepoint , stripped her , then beat her with belt buckles for allegedly " disrespecting " the leader 's mother .
A third member of the gang , Sophia Austin , 18 , took mobile phone pictures of the traumatised victim and sent them to friends .
Later , the 16 - year - oldwas overheard telling inmates at the young offender institution where she was being held that she should have got a male friend to rape her victim .
Youth Justice Board figures show that the number of personal violent attacks by girls dealt with by youth offending teams rose by 48 % between 2003 and 2008 , from 10,412 to 15,413 .
They also show sharp increases in the number of public order offences committed by girls under 18 over the same period , up 37 % to 5,852 , and racially aggravated crimes , up 113 % to 758 .
Many women and young girls find gang culture exciting .
Chloe Goodman could hardly contain her enthusiasm when she was paid £ 300 to hide a gun for a member of Manchester 's Lostock Crew gang .
She began chatting to other members online and eventually posted pictures of herself posing with a variety of weapons .
Women have long been used to carrying weapons on behalf of male gang members ; evidence suggests they are increasingly carrying weapons for their own use .
When 17 - year - old Sian Simpson was stabbed to death in Croydon in 2007 it was initially reported that she had been trying to break up a fight between two girls .
Later it emerged that her street name was " pitbull " and that she had been stabbed with her own knife during the fight .
Women are also routinely used as " honeytraps " .
Samantha Joseph was so enamoured of her gang leader boyfriend , Danny McClean , that she agreed to lure her besotted admirer Shakilus Townsend into a trap so that McLean could " fix " him .
Townsend died after being beaten with a baseball bat and stabbed six times while Joseph looked on .
When Constance Howarth was arrested at gunpoint in May 1997 and three Mac - 10 Ingram submachine guns each capable of firing 1,100 rounds a minute , were found in the boot of her car , she immediately played the " dumb blonde " card .
" I 'm just a girl , " she told the officers .
" I do n't know anything about guns .
I was just running an errand for a boyfriend .
He 's now disappeared – he is a bit of a rat , the situation he has got me into . "
In reality , Howarth had spent almost her entire adult life rubbing shoulders with some of Britain 's most notorious criminals .
Among her closest associates were Glasgow Mr Big , Paul Ferris , London - based old - time godfather Henry Suttee and Salford underworld figure Paul Massey .
In 2007 she was convicted of a bungled plot to kill a rival gang leader .
Her role was to sit in a pub and guide two young men towards their target .
In the event , the would - be hitmen were overpowered and killed with their own guns .
Howarth went to the bathroom and refreshed her lipstick before leaving the pub .
She was eventually jailed for 20 years .
A report by the Institute for Criminal Policy Research suggested that the increase was due to women being more willing to commit and admit offences because society had changed its expectations about their behaviour .
Although this may be more apparent within a " ladette " and binge - drinking culture , and the antisocial behaviour associated with it , women are also increasingly involved in crime at a far more sophisticated level .
Once a rite of passage , gang membership for many youths is now the first step in a criminal career .
According to Dr Roger Green , director of the centre for community research at Hertfordshire University , once gang members start making money it becomes almost impossible for them to escape the culture .
With organised crime becoming more and more businesslike , those with the best management and logistical skills – whether they are men or women – are the ones who rise to the top .
" It 's fantastic for women to break glass ceilings .
I wish this was one we were n't breaking , " said Anne Milgram , attorney general for New Jersey in the US .
" It 's a disturbing elevation .
Women were largely relegated to subordinate roles as girlfriends and gofers .
Now they are taking over dominant roles in traditionally male - dominated gangs . "
Milgram was speaking last August after the arrest of Iyesha Harrison and Tyesha Stephens , two women running a wholesale and retail business selling heroin , cocaine and marijuana on the streets of Newark , New Jersey , as well as supplying other gangs .
Police estimate that their operation was making $ 50,000 ( £ 30,000 ) a week and was affiliated to the Bloods , the notorious Los Angeles street gang which has offshoots across America .
While some Bloods gangs have a position called first lady – a woman in charge of enforcing discipline or collecting members ' dues – this was the first time a gang had been found to be fully female - led .
Police estimated that women make up 10 % of gang membership but account for only 1 % of leadership positions .
In March , the US Drug Enforcement Administration announced that , of 385 drug smugglers being sought in US border states , 31 were female .
Five were described as " armed and dangerous " .
Earlier this year , Interpol issued a red - notice arrest warrant for Angie Sanselmente Valencia , a Colombian - born 30 - year - old lingerie model who is believed to be the mastermind behind an all - women gang that smuggles cocaine into the UK via Cancún , Mexico .
She is the former wife of a Mexican drug lord but struck out on her own after they split up .
Her network began to unravel when one of her " drug mules " was caught at Ezeiza airport , Buenos Aires , carrying 55kg of cocaine .
The 21 - year - old woman began to talk and within 12 hours police investigators had arrested a further three people .
The drug mule had made no attempt to hide the cocaine in her suitcase because she had been told no one would stop her at the airport .
Where women have managed to establish themselves in high level criminality , they tend to excel , provided they are prepared to be as ruthless as those around them .
Beverley Storr had not only held her own in the male - dominated world of organised crime but had managed to rise to the top .
Ruthless and determined , she spent years successfully arranging for large quantities of drugs to be smuggled from Spain into Britain until she was caught in Malaga with one - and - a - half tons of cannabis worth £ 3 m .
After serving her time , she moved to Copenhagen with her long - time lover , Reginald Blythin , a convicted drugs trafficker and former armed robber , and quickly established new contacts that put her back at the centre of a lucrative smuggling enterprise .
Storr was then accused of involvement in the murders in Copenhagen of two of her former associates .
In the first , expat villain John McCormick was shot dead in the hallway of his home .
Less than four weeks later the body of Colombian Arturo Rodríguez Miranda , 54 , was pulled from the water at the harbour village of Hou , a popular tourist destination in the Aarhus region of Denmark .
Miranda 's hands had been tied behind his back and his throat had been cut so deeply that he had almost been decapitated .
He had also been shot in the back with a shotgun .
Storr was charged with murder but was eventually released on a technicality with police hoping she would lead them to Blythin who was still at large .
Instead , Storr returned to the UK and eventually took her own life .
She was only 43 .
Gangland by Tony Thompson is published by Hodder & Stoughton at £ 16.99
WIMBLEDON , England —
On and on and on , and on some more , they played -- longer than anyone ever had before .
And still there was no winner .
John Isner of Tampa , Fla. , and Nicolas Mahut of France were tied at 59 - 59 in the fifth set at Wimbledon after exactly 10 hours of action when play was suspended because of darkness Wednesday night .
It is by far the longest match in terms of games or time in the century - plus history of tennis .
" Nothing like this will ever happen again .
Ever , " Isner said .
The first - round match already had been suspended because of fading light Tuesday night after the fourth set .
The 23rd - seeded Isner and the 148th - ranked Mahut , who needed to qualify to get into the tournament , shared a court for 7 hours , 6 minutes in Wednesday 's fifth set alone , enough to break the full - match record of 6:33 , set at the 2004 French Open .
Never before in the history of Wimbledon , which first was contested in 1877 , had any match -- singles or doubles , men or women -- lasted more than 112 games , a mark set in 1969 .
Isner and Mahut played more games than that in just the fifth set , and still did not determine a victor , although the American came close :
He had four match points -- four chances to end things by winning the next point -- but Mahut saved each one .
" He 's serving fantastic .
I 'm serving fantastic .
That 's really all there is to it , " Isner said .
" I 'd like to see the stats and see what the ace count looks like for both of us . "
Well , here they are : Isner hit 98 aces , Mahut 95 -- both eclipsing the previous high in a match at any tournament , 78 .
All the numbers were truly astounding :
They played 881 points ( Mahut took 452 , Isner 429 ) , 612 in the fifth set ( 315 for Mahut , 297 for Isner ) .
Isner compiled 218 winners , Mahut 217 .
Isner made only 44 unforced errors , Mahut 37 .
There were zero service breaks in the fifth set , which is why the end never arrived Wednesday .
Even a courtside electronic scoreboard could n't keep up , getting stuck at 47 - 47 when the score really had risen to 48 - 48 , then eventually going dark entirely .
Yet the pair played on .
And this cannot be emphasized enough :
They are not finished .
After 118 games , no one had won .
The match will continue , stretching into a third day .
At least Wimbledon gave them a bit of a break , saying the match would not pick up again before 3:30 p.m. Thursday .
More Coverage : Check Out More Pancrase Passion Tour 5 Pictures
Shigeyuki Uchiyama was en route to a win over Masaya " J - Taro " Takita , bloodying his opponent with punches and knees and controlling the pace comfortably .
Things were looking good for the Grabaka fighter until somehow , during a double leg takedown that fell through the ropes , the top of his ear was torn off .
It was not clear how the cauliflowered ear was torn but blood could be seen on the top and bottom ropes .
Most likely , Uchiyama 's ear was caught in the vertical ropes that keep the horizontal ropes even , although no blood could be seen on them .
As soon as Pancrase officials identified what the bloody lump on the canvas was a doctor check was called and the bout was stopped at 2:57 of Round 2 .
More photos after the break .
The takedown that caused the accident .
The vertical ropes can be seen behind Takita .
Uchiyama is going for the takedown on top .
On the canvas below the fighters , the severed ear can be seen .
Shigeyuki Uchiyama immediately following the takedown , before Pancrase officials noticed the injury .
Shigeyuki Uchiyama 's severed ear .
Uchiyama leaving the ring .
Uchiyama immediately before the accident .
Uchiyama was taken to hospital along with his severed ear immediately following the bout .
It is not yet known if his ear can be reattached .
Alarmingly , no adjustment or check was done to the ropes following the accident and bouts continued as normal .
Masaya Takita was awarded the win by TKO .. fanhouseButton { margin : 2em 0 ;} . fanhouseButton a:link , . fanhouseButton a:visited , . fanhouseButton a:hover , .fanhouseButton a:active {background - color : #dd2829 ; color : #FFFFFF;font-size:18 px;padding:0.3em
0.6em ; text - decoration : none;} . fanhouseButton a :hover {background - color : #000000;}
Hail Storm , Incoming II By Mygrapefruit Watch
4 Favourites 3 Comments 3 K Views
Saw this cloud rolling in REALLY FAST on my way home on the train , when I got off I ran the way home , grabbed my camera and ran down to this little jetty ( thankfully just 1 min from my house ) and took this panorama .
The front rolled in so fast I got stressed with the settings , wish I 'd set shutter speed a little higher while facing the sun ( left side ) .
Oh well .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 1600x587px 516.64 KB
Make NIKON CORPORATION Model NIKON D80 Shutter Speed 1/4000 second Aperture F/4.0 Focal Length 18 mm ISO Speed 250 Date Taken May 29 , 2010 , 5:34:30 PM
Show More
Published : Jun 2 , 2010
As a British - American critic , essayist and all - purpose iconoclast , you are known as one of the defining voices of the new atheism .
But your just - published memoir , “ Hitch - 22 , ” is in fact an exercise in worship — male hero worship .
Is it fair to say that you look upon the British novelist Martin Amis as the Messiah ?
No , to the contrary .
That ’s exactly what would make us both throw up .
Trust is not the same as faith .
A friend is someone you trust .
Putting faith in anyone is a mistake .
Yet you seem to put unshakable faith in your guy friends , including Salman Rushdie and the poet James Fenton , who receive chapters of their own , while your two wives and three children are almost completely ignored .
The book is a memoir .
It ’s not an autobiography .
What did you mean to suggest by including the detail about your long - ago flings with two men who became part of Margaret Thatcher ’s administration ?
There are still people who want to criminalize homosexuality one way or another , and I thought it might be useful if more heterosexual men admitted that they are a little bit gay , as is everyone , and that homosexuality is a form of love and not just sex .
Not everyone is “ a little bit gay , ” as you say .
Do you think your basic sexual confusion underlies your political confusions ?
No , I would n’t call it confusion .
I ’d call it a punctuated consistency .
I argue in the book that my principles were the same throughout .
A group of development veterans most recently worked at Electronic Arts Los Angeles has formed independent developer Haunted Temple Studios , whose first project is the - inspiredfor Xbox Live Arcade and PC .
Comprised of four team members and announced on the game 's official site , Haunted Temple was spearheaded by artist Jake Kazdal , who first become known for his work onandat Sega 's United Game Artists .
Kazdal moved to EA LA , where he contributed to numerous games including Steve Spielberg 's stalledproject as well as -- whose team was told it would be largely laid off after the game 's completion .
" I hate to say it but EA LA laying everyone off was the best thing that ever happened to me ! "
Kazdal said in a 1UP interview .
" To be able to cherry pick some of the best developers I had ever worked with to work on my own game was just the most phenomenal thing ever .
"
The other three members of Haunted Temple are designer and programmer Borut Pfeifer , programmer Ben Vance , and audio developer Sam Bird , all of whom worked on either , or both .'s official site describes the game as " an invigorating cocktail of 1960s - flavored sorcery and strategy , " aiming to push the turn - based strategy genre forward by maintaining an elegance in gameplay with evolutions to interface , graphics , and tactical options .
Haunted Temple hopes to complete the game on Xbox Live Arcade and PC within six to nine months , and is considering other platforms , including iPad , in the future .
Stop motion film - making is a labor of love , so consider this collection of 10 amazing mini stop motion movies a love song to the format .
Encompassing music , graffiti , photography , computer gaming and even horror , these YouTube videos show off some inspiring creativity and represent hours and hours of work .
Have a browse through our top picks and then let us know your favorite stop motion movies in the comments below .
1. Stop Motion With Wolf And Pig
This much - emulated video shows just what you can create with a camera , your imagination and a papier - mâché pig .
2. MUTO a Wall - Painted Animation by BLU
Watching this " ambiguous animation painted on public walls , " you soon forget you 're seeing stitched together images of graffiti and lose yourself in the mesmerizing mutations .
3. DEADLINE Post - It Stop Motion
Bang - yao
Liu 's final college project takes the Post - It notes that were haunting him over ever - approaching deadlines and makes them the star of the show .
4. T-SHIRT WAR !!
Now with a McDonald 's / Coke ad under their belts ( along with , we presume , wads of cash ) " internetainers " Rhett and Link live up to their made - up - word job titles with this amusing vid .
5. Punch Drysdale
Featuring another duo , this clip is the intro video for sketch comedy troupe punchDRYSDALE 's comedy videos , but it also works well as a standalone satire of modern life .
6. Monogrenade - Ce Soir
This spell - binding video accompanies Montreal group Monogrenade 's single " Ce Soir " and was created by award - winning cinematographer Christophe Collette entirely in stop motion .
7. Game Over by PES
The stop motion artist known simply as " PES " is a genius in the field with a stack of YouTube hits .
This retro game themed video takes everyday objects and recreates classic titles we all know and love .
8. Stop Motion Rubik's Cube
As the number of videos on the topic will confirm , the humble Rubik 's Cube is ripe for some stop motion action , but none do it better than the creator of this clip with its funky soundtrack and muted colors .
9. Her Morning Elegance / Oren Lavie
A beautiful video for a beautiful song , this video is comprised of 2,096 still frames .
10 . Crooked Rot
From the deliciously dark mind of David Firth ( who also gave us the Salad Fingers animated YouTube series ) this video illustrates that not all stop motion is , or needs be , sweet and light .
BONUS : Ooh Yeah - Dancing Headphones
Relegated to bonus status here , as it's not available on YouTube , Beshart 's dancing headphones are like the Jackson Five of the musical headgear world and crank out some great moves , along with a little help from a cardboard Moby .
For more web video coverage , follow Mashable Web Video on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
More YouTube resources from Mashable :
I know that there are rules to the way laws are made by our government here in the U.S. , and that sometimes these rules seem weird and arcane .
In general , these rules have evolved to make sure that the majority does n't stomp on the minority , and the minority still has a voice .
But it 's also clear that those rules can be abused .
In the case of U.S. Congressman Ralph Hall ( R - TX ) , " abuse " is n't nearly a big enough word .
" Cynically manipulated " might be a bit better .
He killed a bill that would fund science innovation and education by tying it to punishing people who look at porn at work .
Seriously .
This is truly disgusting , and has to be seen to be believed .
Please read that link above .
Basically , the America COMPETES act , instituted under the Bush Administration in 2007 , funds a lot of technology and other endeavors to keep the US competitive in the world market .
Of course , in the current economic market , we do n't have a lot of money to go around .
But this bill would have re-authorized that earlier act , funding what is essentially seed corn , making sure that in the years to come we have a robust investment in our own economy .
I was n't that familiar with it , but after reading about it I 'll say it 's one of the few things done by the previous President I think is a good idea .
So did a lot of others : this reauthorization bill had over 100 co-sponsors in the House .
I say " had " , because after the shameful and politically transparent move by Rep .
Hall , the bill is basically dead .
This bill would have extended funding for several more years in key places , including science education .
Hall is the ranking Republican on the House Science and Technology Committee that prepped the bill .
There had been objections by Republicans on the committee to the amount of spending of the bill .
The Democrat - controlled committee made some concessions in that area ( shaving 10 % of the spending off ) , but still passed the bill out of committee .
The next step would be a vote on the floor of the House .
However , right before it was to go to the floor , Rep .
Hall called a Motion to Recommit .
Because of those weird rules I mentioned above , this meant that Congress would either have to agree to the Motion and have the bill sent back to committee -- where it would die -- or overrule the Motion .
Now follow this carefully : part of the Motion Rep .
Hall submitted was language added to the bill that said that it would prevent the government from paying salaries to employees who looked at porn on government computers .
By doing this , Hall basically bet all his chips .
Hall 's move left Congress , notably Democrats , with two options : kill this much - needed bill that invests in America 's future in science and technology , or overrule a motion punishing people for downloading pornography .
If they did the latter , the far right noise machine , always eager for red meat in the political arena , could then say Democrats voted to continue paying employees who looked at porn .
Facing this sort of choice , a large number of Democrats backed off .
Hall 's Motion passed , and the bill went back to committee where it 's now essentially dead .
Of course , watching porn on the government 's dime has nothing to do with this bill .
The only reason I can think of that this language was added is that it was a gambit where Hall wins either way : the bill dies , or Democrats put their head in the right - wing media guillotine .
Representative Bart Gordon ( D - TN ) , who is the Chairman of the committee , agrees :
We 're all opposed to federal employees watching pornography .
That is not a question ; but that 's not what this was about ...
The Motion to Recommit was about gutting funding for our science agencies .
And while Representative Hall pulls this deplorable stunt , our nation is suffering mightily in scientific education .
In this heart - rending post by my friend , astronomer and educator Pamela Gay , she laments how we 're letting our teachers and our children down by not funding science , technology , engineering , and mathematics .
Read her post , then read again what Hall did .
Our future is more important than being a chip in a political game of poker .
Unfortunately , in this case , Congress folded .
Another day of E3 down , another deluge of game trailers to get excited about .
This time we finally have some gameplay footage for Disney 's Epic Mickey and Q Games ' PixelJunk Shooter 2 , as well as a first look at the new Professor Layton game and a tour of the spaceships from Star Wars : The Old Republic .
Here are a few of the best trailers from the third day of E3 .
Epic Mickey
While the combination of Mickey Mouse and Warren Spector has us excited about Epic Mickey , all we have been able to see of it so far is a few screenshots .
This new trailer finally gives us a glimpse of what the game looks like in action , and it sure is shaping up nicely .
Professor Layton and the Unwound Future
Curiously absent from Nintendo's E3 keynote , the latest Professor Layton game looks to bring just what series fans enjoy : plenty of puzzles and a juicy mystery to solve .
This time around the game begins when the Professor gets a letter from his assistant Luke .
It 's dated 10 years in the future and describes a future London in complete disarray .
MotorStorm Apocalypse
The last MotorStorm let players race around a beautiful tropical island , complete with active volcanoes and dense forests .
But Apocalypse looks like it 's going in the exact opposite direction , as the game is set in a city reminiscent of a post - apocalyptic San Francisco .
It even looks like it will have a little bit of Split / Second mixed in , with crumbling buildings and collapsing roads .
PixelJunk Shooter 2
It 's no secret that we here at OT love us some PixelJunk , and this new trailer for the sequel to PJ Shooter has us excited .
In it we finally get a glimpse of some of the new features of the game , including the new light / dark dynamic as well as the new " inside a giant creature " setting .
Heroes on the Move
One of the few new game announcements to come out of Sony 's keynote was Heroes on the Move , which will make use of the Move motion controller for what looks like some fast - paced , beat - em - up action .
The twist , aside from the Move support , is that the game stars a mixture of characters from Ratchet & Clank , Sly Cooper , and Jak & Daxter .
Lost in Shadow
2D platformers seem to be all the rage at this year 's E3 , but Hudson 's Lost in Shadow looks like it will put an interesting twist on the well - worn formula .
In it , you play as a young boy 's shadow , manipulating the light to change the world of shadows around you as you solve puzzles .
Star Wars : The Old Republic
At EA 's press conference BioWare and LucasArts revealed a new feature for Star Wars : The Old Republic .
When the highly anticipated MMO finally launches , every player will get his or her very own spaceship .
This trailer takes you on a quick tour of two possible ships , one for the Jedi and one for the Sith .
A group of technology and telecom companies has launched a new broadband technical advisory committee that will look into ways to resolve net neutrality issues and other network management challenges .
The new committee , called the Broadband Internet Technical Advisory Group , or TAG , will attempt to bring together engineers and other technical experts to develop consensus on broadband network management practices and related issues , TAG said in a press release .
TAG will focus on educating U.S. policymakers on technical issues and on addressing technical issues in an effort to minimize policy disputes , the group said .
The group will try to inform federal agencies , including the U.S. Federal Communications Commission , the U.S. Federal Trade Commission , and the U.S. Department of Justice , about the technical issues surrounding network management , the group said in a press release .
Professor Dale Hatfield of the University of Colorado will serve as facilitator for TAG .
Hatfield is a former chief technologist at the FCC who now serves as executive director of the Silicon Flatirons Center , a technology and law policy center at the University of Colorado .
Among the companies participating in forming TAG are AT&T , Cisco Systems , Comcast , DISH Network , EchoStar , Google , Intel , Level 3 Communications , Microsoft , Time Warner Cable and Verizon Communications .
" The TAG will function as a neutral , expert technical forum and promote a greater consensus around technical practices within the Internet community , " Hatfield said in a statement .
Participants will formalize the structure of TAG in the near future , the group said .
The group hopes to have representatives from universities , nonprofits and Internet user communities as well as from participating companies .
Supporters of an FCC effort to create formal net neutrality rules had a mixed reaction to the new advisory committee .
" While there is nothing wrong with industry attempting to identify broadband network management practices that do not harm users , this or any other voluntary effort is not a substitute for the government setting basic rules of the road for the Internet , " Free Press policy counsel Chris Riley said in a statement .
" Even if this group puts out excellent recommendations , they will be just that -- recommendations . "
The FCC should move forward with its rulemaking process to create net neutrality rules , Riley added .
" There must be a separate FCC rulemaking process , which can take the recommendations of this or any other voluntary advisory group into account , but rubber - stamping those recommendations would ignore the agency 's mandate to create public policy in the public interest , " he said .
Public Knowledge , another group pushing for net neutrality rules , said the advisory committee was no substitute for FCC action .
" We believe there is a role for advisory groups to consult on items of technical importance , " said Gigi Sohn , Public Knowledge president .
" Given that this advisory group is only just getting off the ground , we are cautiously optimistic that it may do some good . "
Public Knowledge will " watch closely " how the advisory committee develops policies and allows others to join , Sohn said in a statement .
The group is now " dominated " by telecom companies , she said .
A BRITISH endurance swimmer summoned the peak of his powers to become the first person to swim under the summit of Mt Everest .
Lewis Gordon
Pugh battled freezing waters wearing only a pair of Speedos , a cap and goggles to cross the 1 km glacial lake next to the Khumbu Glacier , Sky News reported .
He came close to drowning during test swims for the event amid bouts of altitude sickness on the Pumori Lake , which sits 17,000 feet above sea level .
But an adapted approach saw him through to complete the swim in a time of 22 minutes and 51seconds .
Pugh has battled ice - cold water before , swimming " with speed and aggression " in Antarctica and across the North Pole .
The 40 - year - old earned the nickname the " Human Polar Bear " for his aptitude in arctic conditions .
He set off for the Everest summit on May 5 , almost nine months after announcing the project .
But he quickly learned he needed to take a different approach in the 2C Pumori waters , which he scrambled over rocks and boulders to access .
" You ca n't use the same tactics , " he said .
" Because of the altitude you need to swim very slowly and deliberately .
" Swimming 20 m at full speed in the test swim , I felt I was going to drown . "
He adopted breast - stroke to help his breathing and concentrated all his energies on controlling his speed .
Going too fast could have pushed him into hyperventilation - too slowly and he would have died of hypothermia .
The environmental campaigner undertook the challenge to raise awareness of the melting glaciers in the Himalayas and the impact of declining water supplies in the region .
" I have seen glaciers in the Arctic , the Alps , Central Africa , Antarctica and the Himalayas - and it's the same story everywhere , " he said .
" Most glaciers are melting away .
The glaciers in the Himalayas are not just ice .
They are a lifeline - they provide water to approximately two billion people . "
Read more about the British man becoming the first to swim under Mt Everest at Sky News .
BP has begun work on a relief well that could be used to plug the massive oil leak in the gulf coast .
The new drill site is about half a mile on the seabed from the leaking well beneath the Gulf of Mexico , and drilling is estimated to take some three months .
The company began work on the well early Sunday afternoon , but only announced that work had been begun Tuesday morning .
The relief well also in 5,000 feet of water beneath the Gulf of Mexico , is planned to intercept the existing well around 13,000 feet below the seabed and permanently seal it .
A relief well is designed to intersect an existing well bore and pump heavy fluids and cement in to stop the leaking oil .
BP has described it as the only way to definitively plug the oil leak .
" This is another key step in our work to permanently stop the loss of oil from the well , " BP Group chief executive officer Tony Hayward said in a statement .
The well is being drilled by the ultra - deepwater semisubmersible rig Development Drill III , owned and operated by Transocean , the world 's largest offshore drilling company .
While waiting for the relief well to be completed , response crews have been testing a new technique to break up the oil before it reaches the surface -- a remotely operated underwater vehicle dispensing sub - surface dispersant at a rate of nine gallons per minute -- with encouraging results so far .
According to a joint statement by BP , the NOAA and other government officials , nearly 3,000 gallons of subsea dispersants have already been applied , and scientists are monitoring the results to determine the feasibility of their continued use .
IF YOU stand still long enough anywhere in the UK , you are bound to hear an Australian having a visa status discussion .
Perhaps you are one of the lucky ones who can apply for an ancestry visa .
My family is now fifth generation Australian , so I am not eligible for this .
I have convict and Potato Famine ancestors — Scots that helped settle the Western District , a great grandfather that landed at Gallipoli and saw out WWI in The Somme .
My maternal grandfather was a Rat of Tobruk , also serving his king , and my other grandfather has an OBE .
My British Isles genetics means I have red hair , ca n’t tan and have a penchant for roast dinners .
But my story is the same as so many others .
That ’s what makes us Australian .
Based on our shared histories , the establishment of a Bilateral Free Skilled Labour Mobility Zone between the UK and Australia makes sense .
It would benefit the UK to promote their economic and political connections to the Asia Pacific through stronger relationships with Commonwealth nations in the area .
I am glad that Boris shares in the frustrations felt by so many from both nations , but in writing to him I wanted to raise more than the immigration issue .
During this challenging period of economic instability , the United Kingdom needs to ensure that its residents , and the residents of 27 European nations with the right to work in the UK , are provided with opportunities to gain employment .
However there are also many industries in the UK crying out for decent workers .
Education is an area not in labour shortage , yet every day I was in the UK I was in a school teaching in a room not filled by an EU resident .
At the school I was working in , there were three Antipodean teachers employed full time .
One can only imagine how many others there are filling this ‘ non shortage ’ across the entire country .
Children require stability in their lives and schools provide this for them .
However , if a class teacher has to leave due to their visa expiring and sponsorship being too difficult to arrange , the ones that suffer are some of the most vulnerable children in the country .
In an age where education improvement continues to dominate politics , the restrictions in place to easily employ experienced , outstanding non-EU teachers need to be changed .
Cost cuts are causing principals to decrease their amount of experienced , expensive full time staff and instead employ experienced supply teachers to support newly qualified and overwhelmed local teachers .
By no means am I saying the imports are better than UK or EU teachers , but if there is really no shortage , why are Antipodean teachers so sought after ?
It raises the question : are we filling the same types of voids in health , child care and other industry as well ?
In order to be sponsored the Resident Labour Market Test requires there to be no British national or EU citizen available to do the job .
However , the test makes no allowances for the fact there may be a non-EU person right for the role who knows those children , that school and who does their job to the max every day .
Immigration and employment are complex issues and as an Australian I am not going to throw any stones .
My situation is by no means uncommon and there are so many others across the globe that seek the opportunity I have already been given as a Commonwealth citizen .
I ’m back in Australia now , and people ask me why I want to return to the UK .
I would n’t get a pension , I would take an overwhelming pay cut and it rains a lot .
But as a global citizen I would like to be given the opportunity to do what I do best , where I want to do it , in a place that feels like home .
Senior Stephanie Smith has discovered that a common grass can remove two antibiotics from water .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
What goes in must come out , and when animals are given antibiotics , they can find their way into the water supply .
Now , a Michigan
Tech senior has identified one way to sop them up .
Antibiotics , like many pharmaceuticals , pass through the digestive tract largely unchanged .
The resulting drug - laden waste from farms and feedlots ( or for that matter , apartments and subdivisions ) may be treated , but conventional methods do n’t break down excreted antibiotics .
The concentrations are small , probably not enough to have an immediate effect on anyone drinking a cup of water .
But by releasing antibiotics indiscriminately into the environment , scientists fear we are encouraging antibiotic - resistant strains of bacteria and making it harder to treat deadly infectious diseases , such as drug - resistant tuberculosis .
“ There are also problems with using this contaminated waste to fertilize crops , or the water to irrigate , ” says Stephanie Smith , who is graduating in May with a BS in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology .
Working with Rupali Datta , an associate professor of biological sciences , Smith designed an experiment using sterile vetiver grass to address the issue .
Vetiver is a native of India often grown in artificial wetlands to cleanse wastewater .
It is both vigorous and noninvasive , posing little risk to indigenous plants .
It ’s also been used to clean up some tough customers , including TNT .
Smith grew vetiver hydroponically in a greenhouse , exposing the plants to various concentrations of tetracycline and monensin , two antibiotics commonly used to treat dairy cattle .
“ We wanted to see if the vetiver would uptake them , because if you give these antibiotics to cows , 70 percent is excreted in active form , ” Smith says .
“ We worry about them leaching into the groundwater , getting into drinking water and compounding the problem of antibiotic resistance . ”
At the end of the 12 - week study , all of the tetracycline and 95.5 percent of the monensin had disappeared from the hydroponic solution .
Tests showed that the vetiver had taken and metabolized both drugs up into the plant tissue .
The results are preliminary , says Smith , but they show that vetiver holds promise for remediating antibiotics in wastewater .
Smith also recorded a peculiar side effect .
“ The plants in the tetracycline solution grew faster , much faster than the controls , ” she says .
“ The plants in monensin grew somewhat faster , but not as much . ”
“ When I came to Tech , I honestly did n’t think I would be able to work on a project like this , ” Smith adds .
“ We all get this kind of experience if we want to , and it ’s been very cool to be involved . ”
Next , the plants will be analyzed to determine what ultimately happens to the antibiotics within the plant tissue .
Explore further Bacteria create aquatic superbugs in waste treatment plants
The House passed a bill on Friday that would end a tax break for executives of investment funds , leaving hedge funds , private equity firms and venture capitalists scrambling to ease the effects of the bill before it is taken up by the Senate next month .
The measure was part of a broader tax bill , passed by a vote of 215 to 204 , that would extend benefits for unemployed people .
It seeks to change the tax treatment of “ carried interest , ” which is the portion of a fund ’s investment gains taken by fund managers as compensation .
Under current rules , carried interest is taxed federally at a rate of 15 percent because it is treated as a capital gain .
That contrasts with the tax rate on ordinary income , which can be as high as 35 percent .
The plan approved by the House , which overcame strong lobbying pressure from Wall Street , amounted to a compromise that would tax 75 percent of carried interest as ordinary income and 25 percent as capital gains .
It is expected to raise more than $ 17 billion in tax revenue over the next decade .
There is no good news coming out of the depressing and endless war in Afghanistan .
There once was merit to our incursion there , but that was long ago .
Now we ’re just going through the tragic motions , flailing at this and that , with no real strategy or decent end in sight .
The U.S. does n’t win wars anymore .
We just funnel the stressed and underpaid troops in and out of the combat zones , while all the while showering taxpayer billions on the contractors and giant corporations that view the horrors of war as a heaven - sent bonanza .
BP , as we ’ve been told repeatedly recently , is one of the largest suppliers of fuel to the wartime U.S. military .
Seven American soldiers were killed in Afghanistan on Monday but hardly anyone noticed .
Far more concern is being expressed for the wildlife threatened by the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico than for the G.I. ’s being blown up in the wilds of Afghanistan .
Early this year , we were told that at long last the tide had turned in Afghanistan , that the biggest offensive of the war by American , British and Afghan troops was under way in Marja , a town in Helmand Province in the southern part of the country .
The goal , as outlined by Gen. Stanley McChrystal , our senior military commander in Afghanistan , was to rout the Taliban and install a splendid new government that would be responsive to the people and beloved by them .
How the Greek Communist Party covers for Papandreou ’s cuts
By Alex Lantier
21 May 2010
WSWS reporters attended a rally held on the May 15 by the Greek Communist Party ( KKE ) .
The rally was called in response to the social cuts implemented by Prime Minister Giorgios Papandreou , amid the Greek debt crisis and the IMF - EU bailout .
KKE banner on GSEE HQ
The KKE and PAME , the KKE - affiliated sections of Greece ’s GSEE private - sector union , are integral parts of a political establishment that is determined to slash the living standards of the working class .
Their specialty is justifying their right - wing policies with Greek nationalism , while posing as opponents of the government through an unreconstructed Stalinist defense of the policies of the Soviet bureaucracy , before it liquidated the USSR .
The rally came shortly before the KKE held its May 17 talks with the main conservative party New Democracy ( ND ) on how to respond to the debt crisis .
Before the rally WSWS reporters spoke with Chrysoula Lamboudi , head of the Immigrants ’ and Women ’s Secretariats at the national office of PAME .
She described the impact of the cuts as “ tearing up the gains of the working class . ”
However , she largely absolved PASOK of blame — claiming that Papandreou had little choice , as the “ measures are determined outside Greece . ”
Chrysoula Lamboudi
Asked if PAME intended to seek international support , Lamboudi said she “ wanted the trade union movement in other countries to develop along similar lines ” to Greek unions .
She said the “ class movement in other countries is very weak , ” however .
Having held up Greek unions as models for workers around the world , Lamboudi drew a devastating portrait of how they work with the state to loot the working class .
WSWS reporters noted that in France , papers speak of “ co- government ” between President Nicolas Sarkozy and CGT trade union leader Bernard Thibault , and asked if there were any parallels in Greece .
She answered , “ Yes , there ’s a common front between the GSEE and the government .
[ GSEE chairman Yiannis ]
Panagopoulos criticizes them on television , but steps back from laying blame on the government .
Layoffs , wage cuts — they say yes , that ’s necessary ; instead of fighting the rise in prices , they draw up lists of discount stores people can shop in . ”
Asked why the GSEE takes such positions , she said : “ The majority of GSEE is in PASOK . ”
She said that Panagopoulos is a PASOK member and earns € 200,000 a year by participating in various state committees .
Speaking of the meetings with the government , Lamboudi said : “ Everyone is notified of government plans ; the content of the talks with the government is not to discuss what will happen , but how best to apply the measures ” that the state has already decided on .
The measures include implementing “ more flexible work practices and working hours , ” she explained .
PAME holds a number of positions on leading GSEE bodies as well .
Describing its differences with the rest of the GSEE , she said that other “ unions participate in all talks with the government .
... [ They ] discuss flexible working practices , they agree to them , saying it ’s better for workers . ”
PAME leaves during such discussions , she explained , holding “ separate meetings ” instead .
This does not preclude working with the rest of GSEE , she noted : “ When we try to organize events , we hope everyone comes , for convenience . ”
The portrait of PAME ’s role painted by Lamboudi is one of providing a shield of pseudo - left rhetoric around the GSEE ’s collaboration with the government .
She said , “ Other organizations have more limited demands — whereas we call for job security and work for all , the GSEE says it wants more opportunities for job placement , ” for laid - off workers .
She added that PAME unsuccessfully proposed to the rest of the GSEE that the May 20 one - day national strike last two days .
Lamboudi knew this rhetoric did not address the threats posed to workers by the debt crisis , but said there was no political alternative .
When WSWS reporters noted that brief , sporadic strikes had not halted Papandreou ’s cuts , she said , “ I recognize that — it ’s difficult . ”
She insisted a political solution had to wait for the indefinite future : there had to be “ people ’s power , ” but it is “ very early to talk about this . ”
Lamboudi said working people are politically “ numb ” due to PASOK and GSEE propaganda , a characterization that contrasted sharply with the overwhelming opposition to PASOK that WSWS reporters found among workers .
Despite all the purported tensions between the KKE and its PAME unions and the GSEE , the speakers ’ platform at the May 15 KKE rally itself was directly in front of the GSEE national headquarters building — which had a gigantic KKE banner hanging from its top floor .
Aleka Papariga speaks in front of KKE banner at
GSEE union headquarters
The main speaker was Aleka Papariga , KKE General Secretary since 1991 and a writer on questions of “ women ’s emancipation , ” according to the KKE web site .
Like Lamboudi , but with the more menacing demeanor of an angry school headmistress , Papariga encased the KKE ’s right - wing policies in a cocoon of pseudo - left rhetoric .
She began with nationalistic appeal against the social cuts .
She called for an “ internationalistic patriotic struggle ” against “ the merchants and the banks ” and the “ yoke ” of the IMF - European Union ( EU ) austerity plan .
Presenting Papandreou ’s cuts as a product of foreign influence , she criticized Greek businessmen for “ colluding with the EU attacks . ”
She then attacked the main conservative party , New Democracy ( ND ) , for ultimately having “ the same ” position as PASOK on the austerity plan .
She said such parties “ sometimes use the carrot and the stick with the KKE . ”
In fact , if the ruling parties are definitely using the stick against the workers , the KKE is currently getting mainly carrots .
While denouncing ND before her audience , Papariga was preparing for well - publicized meetings with ND leader Antonis Samaras that took place on May 17 .
Especially given the rapid collapse of Papandreou ’s popularity , it recalls one of the KKE ’s more notorious betrayals : its entry into a coalition government — with the Communist Party of Greece ( Interior ) , the precursor of the main faction of SYRIZA — led by ND Prime Minister Tzannis Tzannetakis in 1989 .
In the 1989 coalition , which was aimed ostensibly at investigating the previous PASOK government ’s corruption , the KKE received the justice and interior ministries .
Once in office , the KKE destroyed large parts of the secret police archives , impeding investigation and historical study of the crimes of the 1967 - 1974 Greek military junta , and reassuring the ruling class of the KKE ’s reliability .
This helped speed the KKE ’s full integration into Greece ’s political establishment .
Without so much as a word about the 1989 government , Papariga continued with abstract rhetoric : “ Between capitalism and popular government , no compromise is possible , ” she said , calling for “ a socio- political coalition from below . ”
Despite , or perhaps because of , the KKE ’s unswerving defense of Stalin and Brezhnev , Papariga felt the need to briefly address the question of “ 20th century socialism , ” as she called it — that is , the Soviet bureaucracy .
She unblushingly repeated the Marxist movement ’s traditional demands to ensure that officials in a socialist state remain answerable to the population : instant recall of state officials and their payment at skilled workers ’ wages .
Stalin and Brezhnev were hardly subject to these demands .
And those who challenged the bureaucracy along similar lines were massacred in Stalin ’s Great Purges .
Papariga closed with calls for “ sacrifice ” — which , coming from her , are not inspiring but ominous .
Looking around during the final minutes of Papariga ’s speech , one saw people shifting their weight , quietly talking to one another , or playing with their hair .
The purpose of Papariga ’s empty rhetoric is not to explain events , to inspire willingness to struggle , or to inspire anything at all — it is to bore and confuse masses of people facing economic strangulation by the banks .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Justice Department has dropped a probe of American International Group Inc executives involving the credit default swaps that sent the insurer to the brink of bankruptcy and forced a huge taxpayer bailout , lawyers for the executives said on Saturday .
The logo of American International Group Inc. ( AIG ) on the outside of their corporate headquarters in New York , November 10 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
The investigation had centered on AIG Financial Products , which nearly brought down the giant insurer after writing tens of billions of dollars on insurance - like contracts on complex securities backed by mortgages that turned out to be toxic .
The U.S. government stepped in with a $ 182 billion bailout to avert a bankruptcy filing by AIG .
The criminal probe had focused on whether Joseph Cassano , who ran the financial products unit , and Andrew Forster , his deputy , knowingly misled investors about the company ’s accounting losses on its credit default swaps portfolio .
“ Although a 2 - year , intense investigation is tough for anyone , the results are wholly appropriate in light of our client ’s factual innocence , ” F. Joseph Warin and Jim Walden , Cassano ’s lawyers , said in a statement .
Forster ’s lawyers also confirmed the probe had been dropped .
“ We were very pleased but not surprised to hear from the DOJ late yesterday that they were dropping the criminal investigation of our client , ” David Brodsky , one of Forster ’s lawyers , said in a statement .
“ In the end , the facts were stronger than the emotions surrounding AIG ’s problems . ”
The Department of Justice declined to comment .
AIG said in a statement it welcomed the decision ’
The Wall Street Journal first reported on Friday that the two - year investigation , one of the highest profile of the various probes stemming from the 2008 financial meltdown , had been dropped .
The FBI and other government agencies had been looking into whether Cassano misled investors with overly optimistic forecasts about the extent of the firm ’s exposure to securities backed by risky subprime mortgages .
Investigators were said to have focused on a December 2007 investor presentation at which Cassano played down the market value of losses on the credit default swaps .
Over the course of the next year , AIG took writedowns of more than $ 40 billion on the swaps and had to put up billions more in collateral to counterparties like Goldman Sachs .
Cassano resigned under pressure in March 2008 as AIG ’s financial situation began to weaken .
Elastic Observability
Observe your entire ecosystem
Unify logs , metrics , traces , and more in a scalable stack that 's free , open , and built for speed .
Monitor every element in your infrastructure to quickly resolve issues and consistently deliver exceptional digital experiences .
by Tim Groves
John Booth was woken at 4 am this morning to find police pointing a gun in his face .
He was handcuffed and brought outside .
Thirty minutes later police apologize to him .
Booth is the upstairs neighbour of some G20 protesters , but he lives in a separate unit with his wife and six month old child .
“ You hear all this stuff in the news about this one billion dollars ' worth of security which is supposed to protect the public - well I am a great example of an innocent by - stander who has been violated despite this very claim .
And this is allegedly our tax payers dollars at work “ Booth told the Toronto Media Co-op .
“ The police did n't actually figure out that there are two apartments and that we are completely separate from downstairs ”
Booth explained what happened to him in a written complaint which he has submitted to police .
“ I was awoken to four police officers in my bedroom ... the officer in charge ... was pointing a handgun at me and asked me my name and who else was in the house , ” he wrote .
“ They repeatedly said they had a search warrant and arrest warrant for me .
At no point did they produce this warrant to prove my name was on it and I suspect they were lying . “
“ They woke up my wife and child upstairs while searching our apartment .
They repeatedly asked me my connection to the people living in the downstairs apartment and I explained we are simply tenants living in the same building but our connection does not go further than that ”
“ After searching the entire premises , they decided it was appropriate to handcuff me and charge me with ' conspiracy to commit mischief ' - they did not explain why I was being charged ” read the complaint .
“ I sat in front of my house , tightly bound in handcuffs for 30 minutes , while the 8 - 10 officers discussed and awaited the paddy wagon .
Then after discussion , they took me aside , apologized and uncuffed me , stating I was mistakenly arrested . ”
Asked how he felt about the police complaint system Booth explained that “ you would like to think that in our democratic society one can hold the powers - that - be to account in a situation like the one we were in .
But I am pretty cynical when it comes to the police that there is going to be any meaningful accountability
Police not only entered Booths apartment , but also the apartment of his downstairs neighbours , who were providing billeting for several activists from out of town .
“ Police refused to show the warrant ” said Niki Thorne who lives in the downstairs apartment .
" They were kicking people out of bed , kicking people awake " .
Four people from the downstairs apartment were put in handcuffs .
Three of these people were eventually released but a fourth was taken away in a paddy wagon .
Tom Mullins won primary after making controversial comment
ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. ( AP ) —
The Republican nominee for a New Mexico congressional seat suggested during a radio interview that the United States could place land mines along the Mexican border to secure the international boundary .
Asked Monday to clarify , Tom Mullins emphasized that he does not advocate doing so .
ADVERTISEMENT
Mullins says border security came up during a radio interview last month , when he was campaigning for the GOP nod to run against Rep. Ben Ray Lujan , D - N.M .
FULL STORY FOLLOWS BELOW
A believer in the Jedi religion won an apology from a job center that threw him out for refusing to remove his hood .
Star Wars fan Chris Jarvis , 31 , was told he would have to leave if he did not take it down .
Chris is a member of the International Church of Jediism -- yes , a church based on the science fiction films -- whose doctrine states that followers should be allowed to wear hoods .
But when he protested , security escorted him from his local job office in England .
He filled out a complaint form -- and received a formal letter from the JobCentre Plus branch 's boss just three days later .
Wendy Flewers apologized , adding : " We are committed to provide a customer service which embraces diversity and respects customers ' religion . "
Chris said : " I was just standing up for my beliefs .
Muslims can walk around in whatever religious gear they like , so why can't I ? "
Southend Jobcentre Plus refused to comment .
A Department for Work and Pensions spokesperson said : " Customers may be asked by Jobcentre staff to remove their helmets and hoods for security reasons . "
Read more at The Sun .
Eight - term Indiana Rep. Mark Souder announced his resignation Tuesday after admitting to an affair with a female aide who worked in his district office .
Souder , a Republican , will will step down on Friday .
He said in remarks obtained by Fox News that he " sinned against God , my wife and my family by having a mutual relationship with a part - time member of my staff . "
" I wish I could have been a better example , " he said .
" In this poisonous environment of Washington , D.C. , any personal failing is seized upon , often twisted , for political gain .
I am resigning rather than to put my family through that painful , drawn - out process .
...
We are a committed family but the error is mine and I should bear the responsibility .
Not only am I thankful for a loving family but for a loving God . "
Multiple senior House sources indicated that the extent of Souder 's affair with the staffer would have landed him before the House Ethics Committee .
Sources told Fox News that the aide , identified as Tracy Jackson , a woman in her mid-40s , would accompany the congressman to events and to record ads at a Christian radio broadcast station .
Elected as a family values conservative as part of the Republican revolution in 1994 , Souder survived a tough re-election challenge in 2008 and survived a contested primary two weeks ago .
All the way through his election , Souder tried to knock down the affair story , calling it revenge politics at play .
But the backroom chatter in Indiana and among the GOP on Capitol Hill became too much to survive .
Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels was informed as late as Monday night that Souder would give up his post .
Souder , 59 , was absent from Washington most of last week , missing multiple votes and voting only on Thursday .
While the rumors had been flying , Souder claimed that he was at home tending to his ill wife .
In his statement , he added that by stepping down , his " mistake can not be used as a political football " to undermine the causes he supports .
" As I leave public office , my plans are focused on repairing my marriage , earning back the trust of my family and my community and renewing my walk with my Lord , " his statement reads .
Souder and his wife , Diane , have three grown children and two grandchildren .
Jackson , a part - time aide who worked in Souder 's northern Indiana district office , handled communications for the congressman in the district and periodically travelled with him .
According to Legistorm.com , Jackson earned $ 12,541.70 from Souder 's office last year .
She is still on the staff .
Jackson began working for Souder in December 2004 as a " special assistant / communications " aide who earned $ 533.33 that year .
Fox has learned that Souder initially discussed retiring at the end of this term and not standing for re-election .
But after talking with his family over the weekend , he decided to resign .
Souder and senior House leaders discussed his exit over the weekend .
The congressman said Tuesday that while it has been " a privilege to be part of the battle for freedom and the values we share , " the cost of public service has taken a toll on him .
" It has been all consuming for me to do this job well .
... I do not have any sort of ' normal ' life -- for family , for friends , for church , for community .
...
But I am so ashamed to have hurt those I love .
I am so sorry to have let so many friends down . "
Souder 's resignation makes him the second lawmaker to step down in less than two months .
In March , Rep. Eric Massa , D - N.Y. , resigned amid allegations that he sexually harassed male staffers .
Massa 's case is now before the House Ethics Committee .
Click here to read Fox News ' Chad Pergram discuss previous efforts to track down scandal .
Barack Obama has set out new measures to force BP to pay more of the costs of the cleanup operation for the Deepwater oil rig disaster .
BP , which has released the first underwater footage of the spill , told the City this morning that the cost of dealing with it had now hit $ 450 m .
The company 's eventual bill looks set to rise steeply after the White House proposed scrapping a cap on its liability for the spill .
Boosted by a poll that showed the public did not regard this as Obama 's Katrina ( a reference to the Bush administration 's ineffectual handling of the New Orleans hurricane ) , the White House set out new funding measures to tackle the impact of the spill .
The administration wants to increase from $ 1bn ( £ 673 m ) to $ 1.5 bn ( £ 1 bn ) the amount that could be spent from an emergency cleanup fund paid with industry fees .
This could force the industry to pay for the wider economic costs of the spill such as lost wages for fishermen and the impact on tourism .
BP , which continues to struggle to stem the flow from the well , will pay as much as possible , White House officials told reporters .
White House energy adviser Carol Browner : " We take BP at their word .
They say they intend to pay for all costs .
And when we hear ' all ' we take it to mean all . "
Yesterday BP came under fire in Congress for minimising the risks of offshore drilling and trying to shirk blame for the disaster .
A 1990 law passed in the wake of the Exxon Valdez oil tanker spill in Alaska makes responsible parties liable for cleanup costs from oil spills but limits to $ 75 m their exposure to other kinds of claims .
The administration did not propose a new figure for the liability limit , but Democrats have introduced legislation raising the limit to $ 10bn .
Browner said the White House believes the legislation unveiled Wednesday could apply retrospectively .
Jeff Liebman , acting deputy director of the Office of Management and Budget , said the administration wants to pass the legislation in the next few weeks .
The White House proposal would also raises taxes on the industry for an oil spill fund and raise the amount that can be spent from the fund on a single incident to $ 1.5 bn .
Other funding measures include monitoring seafood safety , studies on the safety of offshore drilling , and support for out - of - work fishermen and self - employed workers .
Rightwing pundits have dubbed the disaster Obama 's Katrina - a reference to the George Bush 's plummeting poll ratings following his handling of hurricane 's aftermath .
But a poll for the Associated Press today showed more people approved than disapproved of Obama 's response to the spill .
As it struggles to salvage its reputation , BP is preparing for another attempt to staunch the flow from the well today .
It said it hoped to have a small containment dome in place by late today .
Meanwhile efforts continue to try to contain and clean up the existing spill .
Federal authorities said more than 510 boats were involved in the operation .
Fourteen staging areas have been set up and around 500 km of boom have been deployed to along the cost .
Nearly 100 lawsuits have already been filed across the Gulf region and the disaster , which lawyers see becoming one of the biggest class actions in US history , involves billions of dollars in potential liabilities .
One of Montaigne 's favourite hobbies was imagining the world from different perspectives .
To remind himself how strange human behaviour looked if one 's vision was not dulled by familiarity , he collected stories from his reading : tales of countries where men urinated squatting and women standing , where people blackened their teeth or elongated their ears with rings , where hair was worn long in front and short behind , or where boys were expected to kill their fathers at a certain age .
It was not just that these were marvels in themselves .
Montaigne loved such stories because they lent him an altered point of view from which to look back on his own culture and see it afresh .
Most human beings judged what was merely habitual to be what was natural .
Montaigne tried to wake himself from this dream .
He took a special interest in the newly encountered " cannibals " of the New World , reading travellers ' accounts and acquiring South American artifacts : hammocks , ropes , wooden swords , the arm - coverings warriors used in fighting , and " the big canes , open at one end , by whose sound they keep time in their dances " .
He even met a couple of Tupinambá people , who had travelled to Europe from Brazil in a French ship .
Through a translator , he asked them what they thought of France .
They replied , among other things , that they were amazed to see rich Frenchmen gorging themselves at feasts while their " other halves " – the beggars outside their houses – starved .
Europeans felt shocked because the Tupinambá ate their enemies after a battle , but the Tupinambá were shocked because Europeans found it easy to ignore the suffering of the living .
Montaigne did his best to feel equally amazed at both – and to think himself into both positions .
" This great world " , he wrote , " is the mirror in which we must look at ourselves to recognise ourselves from the proper angle " .
At home , he extended his perspective - leaping to other species .
" When I play with my cat " , he wrote , " who knows if I am not a pastime to her more than she is to me ? "
He borrowed her point of view in relation to him just as readily as he occupied his own in relation to her .
And , as he watched his dog twitching in sleep , he imagined the dog creating a disembodied hare to chase in its dreams – " a hare without fur or bones " , just as real in the dog 's mind as Montaigne 's own images of Paris or Rome were when he dreamed about those cities .
The dog had its inner world , as Montaigne did , furnished with things that interested him .
These were all extraordinary thoughts in Montaigne 's own time , and they remain so today .
They imply an acceptance that other animals are very much like us , combined with an ability to wonder how differently they might grasp what they perceive .
Some animals see colours differently from humans , for example , so who is to say which are the " real " colours of things ?
Montaigne quoted a story he had picked up from Pliny , about a species of " sea - hare " , a kind of sea-slug , which is deadly to humans but which ( thought Pliny ) itself dies on contact with human skin .
" Which is really poisonous ? " he asked .
" Which are we to believe , the fish about man , or man about the fish ? "
Surely we must believe neither – or both .
Montaigne 's dog , with its superior sense of smell and its mysterious sixth sense , might actually be better equipped to understand the world than Montaigne .
" We have formed a truth by the consultation and concurrence of our five senses ; but perhaps we needed the agreement of eight or 10 senses , and their contribution , to perceive it certainly and in its essence . "
The dog is missing some of these ; we may be missing more .
This sounds alarming – we are cut off by our very nature from the full perception of reality .
But it is exhilarating , too .
It posits a multi-dimensional , endlessly varying world in which each object presents a thousand facets to a thousand different observers .
The observers themselves are just as variable , for they shift mental moods and states at every moment .
We can never grasp it all .
But we can keep ourselves mindful of the world 's diversity and of our own limitations , thus becoming , as Montaigne put it , " wise at our own expense " .
This is no simple relativism , flattening everything to the same level .
It is " perspectivism " : the recognition that angle of view always matters , and indeed that it makes the world vastly more interesting .
Thinking oneself into the experience of others also opens the way to a system of ethics based on communication and fellow - feeling , even between very different kinds of beings .
Once you have seen the world from someone else 's perspective , it becomes harder to torture , hunt , or kill them .
We shall see where this thought leads us next week .
Cops in Maryland hit a local bar this weekend after receiving a call from someone claiming 16 - year - old Justin Bieber was inside boozing -- but what they found ... was a woman who looked just like him .
TMZ spoke with multiple people inside the " Mug and Mallet " bar in Ocean City who confirm that cops entered on Saturday night looking for an underage drinker with a bowl haircut and a tiny frame .
But the only person who fit that description was a 27 - year - old woman named Katie .
Katie tells us she had to whip out ... her ID and prove she was n't JB -- though she says she gets mistaken for the singer , " all the time ! "
A MOTHER prostituted her 12 - year - old daughter so she could pay off her home loan and buy a couple of Commodores , a court has heard .
The mother , of Glenorchy in Tasmania , who cannot be named for legal reasons , yesterday pleaded guilty in the Hobart Supreme Court to unlawfully procuring sex with a child , being the commercial operator of a sex business and receiving a fee derived directly from sexual services provided by a child , The Mercury reports .
Crown Prosecutor Daryl Coates told the court the 41 - year - old woman and Gary John Devine had decided to prostitute the girl when the woman complained she was short of money .
Devine has been jailed for 10 years after he admitted his part in selling the girl for sex to more than 100 men over a four - week period in August and September last year .
At the time the girl and another younger sister were under protective orders .
The order was due to end in October but she was allowed to return to her mother 's care in June .
The court heard that the mother complained to Devine and her daughter that she did not have enough money and that someone had stolen cash out of her purse .
Mr Coates said Devine then suggested the 12 year old could become a prostitute which the pair agreed to .
After an advertisement was placed in The Mercury the next day offering the girl as " Angela , 18 , new in town " .
A room at the Midcity Hotel was then booked by the mother and a key was given to Devine .
Mr Coates said the mother then went and bought two packets of condoms for her daughter to use during her two - day dealing in the hotel where she was sold for $ 100 for half - an - hour and an extra $ 50 for men who did not want to use a condom .
The court heard the girl made $ 2000 a day .
The court also heard that Devine remained with the girl during the two - days , knocking on the door to advise the men their time was up .
While he waited he also drank all of the mini-bar in the room , a matter the mother later complained of because she did not receive her room deposit back as a consequence .
Mr Coates said the mother was asked by her older 15 - year daughter where the 12 - year - old was .
" I can't say , I 'll get into trouble , no one is meant to know , " the woman replied at the time .
She said : " It does n't matter , we 're going to get money out of it and we 're going to get two Commodores , one for you and one for your sister . "
When questioned about the matter again by the older daughter the mother confessed saying : " she 's lying on her back working for money in the city ... we 'll be able to pay off the house and get the car window fixed . "
The court heard the woman was paying $ 180 per fortnight off her home loan that she had received from the Commonwealth Bank .
However the mother had re-drawn on the loan about five years earlier during a period of heavy drug use , to complete renovations on her home .
However , the money was instead used to buy drugs .
Mr Coates said the money made through the prostitution was split between Devine , the woman and the girl , who spent her share on drugs .
The sex business then continued at Devine 's home where the mother would bring supplies of personal lubricant and condoms for her weekly work from Thursdays and Sundays .
Read more on this story at The Mercury .
He said the girl had since been diagnosed with sexually transmitted diseases including genital warts and chlamydia .
The mother initially denied knowledge of the business in two separate police interviews .
She finally admitted her role in the crime when she was charged in February this year .
The woman 's defence lawyer Rochelle Mainwaring said the crimes were " horrendous " and her client was struggling to comprehend what she had done .
However , Ms Mannering said her client had been struggling with drug abuse and depression at the time of the offences .
The woman sobbed in the dock throughout the hearing as the details of her crimes were read to the court .
Justice Peter Evans adjourned the sentencing until Friday .
A MESSAGE from the young son of one of the Diggers killed in Afghanistan has been read out at a memorial service for his father .
Colleagues of the slain soldiers , Darren Smith and Jacob Moerland , attended a sombre ceremony at their Tarin Kowt base in Afghanistan last night .
ABC journalist Chris Masters , who attended the service , said a soldier read out a message from Mr Smith 's son , Mason .
'' Probably the most moving part of the ceremony was when [ the soldier ] gave the last word to 2½⁄ - years - old Mason , who 'd sent across a message with a ' lest we forget ' insignia , and the words ' to my daddy , Mason ' , '' said Masters , who was embedded with the soldiers ' unit .
The Supreme Court has ruled that British troops are not protected by human rights laws on the battlefield .
The family of Pte Jason Smith , who died of heatstroke in Iraq in August 2003 , had argued that troops should receive such protection in conflict overseas .
Commanders said it was impractical to allow troops in combat zones to be protected by human rights law .
The Supreme Court has now quashed previous rulings that the legislation should apply to soldiers at all times .
The president of the Supreme Court , Lord Phillips , said service personnel fighting abroad would not necessarily be covered by human rights law .
Analysis Angus Crawford , BBC News
The Supreme Court had been asked to decide if British military personnel , who are already covered by the Human Rights
Act while on bases abroad , were also protected when they set foot outside the camp gates .
Two lower courts had decided they were , raising the prospect of legal action over inadequate equipment .
But today the judges ruled by a majority of six to three that it would be wrong to extend the reach of the legislation , saying that could have made the job of commanders on the battlefield more difficult .
The case was brought by the mother of a soldier who died of heatstroke in Iraq .
Although her request for a full inquiry into his death was upheld , the wider issue will have to be decided by the European Court of Human Rights .
What does the ruling mean ?
He said that only in " exceptional circumstances " could obligations be imposed on countries in relation to people outside their territorial jurisdiction .
The court ruled they did not extend to servicemen and women abroad .
Jocelyn Cockburn , representing Pte Smith 's mother , Catherine Smith , said the decision was " shocking " .
She said soldiers believed they were under UK jurisdiction and were sent abroad by the Queen to serve the people of the UK .
" Despite this , the Supreme Court has held that soldiers leave the UK jurisdiction , in so far as the Human Rights
Act is concerned , when they leave a UK army base , " she said .
" It can only be hoped that the morale of soldiers who are risking their lives for us will not be severely damaged by this astonishing finding .
" It is artificial to assert that rights can be protected on - base but not off - base . "
She said the issue would ultimately have to be tested in the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg .
Mrs Smith said she continued to have concerns about what rights soldiers had when off - base .
However , she welcomed a decision to hold a fresh inquest into her son's death which would be fully compliant with the European Convention on Human Rights .
Image caption Pte Jason Smith died from heatstroke in Iraq seven years ago
The Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) said it was pleased the Supreme Court had upheld the appeal .
Air Chief Marshal Sir Jock Stirrup , chief of the defence staff , said : " This outcome is not about denying rights to our people , it is about ensuring that we have a clear and workable set of rules under which they can carry out their demanding and dangerous work .
" Within that context , commanders at all levels are committed to the safety of the men and women they lead .
" We will continue to do everything we can to keep our people from harm by providing the best possible equipment and training . "
Defence Secretary Liam
Fox said the government was committed to provide the " very best support and equipment " to UK troops .
He added : " Common sense has prevailed and it is of course right that commanders ' orders given in the heat of battle should not be questioned by lawyers at a later date .
" It would have been absurd to try to apply the same legal considerations on the battlefield that exist in non-combat situations . "
Pte Smith , from Hawick in the Scottish Borders , was 32 when he died while serving with the Territorial Army in Al Amarrah seven years ago .
An inquest later ruled that his death was caused by a " serious failure " in not recognising the difficulty he was having adjusting to the climate .
It prompted his family to begin a test case which led to a High Court ruling in 2008 that human rights laws could be applied to British troops in combat .
The UK government decided to appeal against that decision but that , in turn , was rejected by the Court of Appeal .
However , a final appeal to the Supreme Court has now proved successful .
John Wadham , group legal director at the Equality and Human Rights Commission , said it was " disappointed " by the decision .
" Soldiers are often required to lay down their life for their country and in return , should be afforded human rights protection , " he said .
" Extending human rights protection is not about individual decisions in the heat of battle , but ensuring that when we send soldiers off to war they are properly prepared ; kitted out correctly and with equipment fit for combat . "
Church Forces Rape Victim to Apologize for Being Raped
Image via Wikipedia
After being raped and impregnated by a fellow churchgoer more than twice her age , a 15 - year - old Concord girl was forced by Trinity Baptist Church leaders to stand before the congregation to apologize before they helped whisk her out of state , according to the police .
Read the full article .
Introductory Notes
Eyolf Østrem
Blood on the Tracks is Dylan ’s best album .
Others may tell you that Blonde on Blonde , Highway 61 Revisited or even Desire is his best album , but they ’re wrong , and when pressed ( up against the wall , and in the presence of a .44 , if necessary ) , they will eventually agree .
Blood on the Tracks is also Dylan ’s best album in its released form .
Others may tell you that had he not tinkered with the songs , but left them alone as they were recorded in September 1974 , it would have been a far better album , and that the songs that were rewritten and re-recorded over Christmas , with local Minnesotan musicians brought together by Dylan ’s brother David , are inferior , both textually and musically , to the intensively emotional New York versions .
They ’re wrong even here , although they ’re closer to the truth this time .
In a one - to - one comparison between the two versions , the New York versions may get the upper hand ( the one undisputable exception is “ If You See Her , Say Hello ” , but even “ Lily , Rosemary and the Jack of Hearts ” is better in the Minnesota version ) .
But even if we were to define the New York versions of “ Tangled up in Blue ” , “ Idiot Wind ” and “ You ’re a Big Girl Now ” as perfection , the Minnesota versions are close enough to this level , musically , and the extra qualities they add to their New Yorkean counterparts ( the rhythmical drive of “ Tangled ” , the angered bite of “ Idiot Wind ” , the softness of “ Big Girl ” ) , more than make up for the lyric changes .
In the case of “ Idiot Wind ” , these are generally to the better .
But single songs is one thing – an album is another .
And this is the real reason why the re-designed album was a good idea .
Let ’s compare them :
On the one hand you have an album that starts with the cross-continental tour ( de force ) of the never - surpassed masterpiece “ Tangled up in Blue ” , coast to coast , north to south , performed with the same restless , unhesitant intensity that the lyrics reveal – revolution in the air , indeed ; continues with the sleepy drama of “ Simple Twist ” and the bitter - sweet tenderness of “ You ’re a Big Girl Now ” ( which one of these two is Dylan ’s best song ? ) , the rage of “ Idiot Wind ” , seemingly mellowed by the lyricism of “ You ’re Gonna Make Me Lonesome ” ( “ seemingly ” because the lyricism of the lazy river and the crimson hair can only heighten the pain brought about by the inevitable loss of all this – this must be the best song of the album ) ; then exquisite blues ; hilarious Western movie script ; loving recollection of things past , placed in a distant future ; salvation myth ; and Zen in a bucket : all in all a caleidoscopic reflection of love & loss in 10 movements .
On the other hand , you have 10 songs , all quite slow , mostly staying in the emotional range between sadness and bitterness , all in the same open tuning , played with the same three or four chords , where the constant ringing of the open e' and b strings will drive you crazy after a while .
I know which album I prefer .
That said , the most interesting musical remarks concern the New York versions .
This is of course mainly owing precisely to the open tuning .
The biographies ( i.e. Heylin ) say that Dylan had learned the open D/E tuning from Joni Mitchell ( I ’ll refer to it as “ open E ” hereafter ) .
This ca n’t be all true , since Dylan used this tuning extensively during the recording of Freewheelin ’ .
He does use it in a quite different way , though .
The center of gravity in the open - tuning Blood on the Tracks songs , is the root chord E=054000 ( or 054300 ) .
It may seem odd to use a chord like this , when you have the same chord on the open strings – after all , that ’s the whole point of open tuning , is n’t it ?
Well , not quite .
Beginners – like the Dylan of Freewheelin ’ – may find the 000000 chord convenient .
But a more proficient and mature player like 1974 - Dylan , realizes that it has a series of disadvantages compared to 054000 .
First , an open string is like a binary number : it ’s either on or off , and beyond that , there is really nothing much you can do about it , whereas a skilled instrumentalist has a far greater control of the tone quality once there is a finger on the string .
Second , the uncontrolled sounding 000000 has a 5th between the two lowest string , which will easily produce a “ muffled ” sound .
This is avoided through the 054000 root , which instead gives the same full , doubled bass tone as in the “ Dropped C tuning ” that Dylan was so fond of in the 60s .
Third , in the 054000 chord , the tone of the third string ( g# ) is doubled on the fourth string .
This shimmering , doubled tone is essential to the sound of the album .
This is the “ third ” , the tone which decides whether a chord is minor or major .
Here it is major , emphatically so .
Odd , maybe , for an album so full of sadness , but effective all the same .
Fourth , one should not underestimate the value of having somewhere to place one ’s fingers .
Besides , fingering a chord also means holding the guitar still …
So much for 054000 ( did I say that I like that chord quite a lot ? ) .
the other main chords also have their special characteristics .
The A is fingered 020120 .
The attentive ones ( and / or those with training in music theory ) will notice that although it is an A chord , the tone A is nowhere near the bass , where it should properly be , to establish the key of the chord .
Not until the third string is there an A .
Instead , the chord is dominated by the tone E , on strings 1 , 4 and 6 .
And , in fact , this A in this tuning is most of all an embellishing variant of the main E sonority .
This is precisely the same function as the C chord has in Dylan ’s most cherished figure : G - C/g - G ( 320003-3x2013-320003 ) .
This “ embellished E ” character is emphasized by the alternative fingering 020100 , where the open b string adds yet another tone from the E major chord .
In “ Buckets of Rain ” , where the 5th string is not used , it is impossible to decide whether the chord 0x0100 should be regarded as an A or as an Esus4 .
Even the B is different : x02120 is its standard form , and where the A was merely a variant of E , this B is merely a variant of A .
This conflation of A and B ( or in general , and more technical , terms : the subdominant and the dominant ) has a name : it ’s called B11 , and is basically an A chord paired with a B in the bass .
This is a very frequent chord , especially in Dylan ’s production after Blood on the Tracks .
Part of the explanation is that 11th chords are central in the gospel tradition , which Dylan dived into shortly afterwards , but it is not either impossible that he discovered its sweetness through the use of this B chord .
It is a quite rare guest in his songs prior to Blood on the Tracks .
When Dylan wants a “ real ” B sound , as in the outtake “ Up to Me ” he uses the barre 777777 .
Two more figures should be mentioned :
G#m / E B( iii ) A E Emaj7 B A E |-0---0---0-| |-(0)--0---0----0---(0 ) -|
|-0---0---0-| |-(0)--4---2----2---(0 ) -|
|-0---0---1-| and |-(0)--3---1-or-1---( 0 ) -| |-4---2---0-|
|-(4)--4---2----0---( 4 ) -|
|-5---4---2-| |-(5)-----------2---(5 ) -|
|-0---0---0-| |-(0)--0------------(0 ) -|
Although they go in opposite directions ( E - B - A and G#m / B - A - E ) , they are closely related , tonally .
Look at the 4th string : that ’s what it ’s all about .
Both figures are realizations of the basic progression g# - f#-e ( try it ! ) , but this progression is given different functions through different harmonizations .
In the first figure , g# is home base and e is part of the contrasting sonority A ( see Up to Me ) .
In the second this is reversed : here g# belongs to the contrasting “ B - area ” ( G#m and B are closely related ) , and e brings resolution to the phrase by landing on the tonic ( see You ’re a big girl now ) .
( I doubt that Dylan is aware of this , but it ’s a neat little twin - figure all the same ) .
These few elements account for most of the songs on the album .
Some of the songs stand out by employing other effects .
The second figure above is prominent in Idiot Wind , but here it is supplemented by the effect of the contrast between A major and A minor , through the chord Am=x05450 ( note also the wonderful economy of means in the progression xx4340 - xx2120 - x05450 ) .
The same major / minor A can be found in Simple Twist of Fate , whereas Meet Me in the Morning holds this debate in the area of the tonic E itself , in the blues manner .
( Did I mention that this is a tremendous album ? )
Xan Brooks is an editor for The Guardian who was tasked with what would appear to be a pleasant two - week assignment : Live blogging Wimbledon .
Then Isner - Mahut happened .
Come join him on his descent into hell .
Advertisement
Psychologists may someday study the entire transcript in order to pinpoint the precise moment when Mr. Books lost his mind , but they will also find some moments of great poetry .
Like any great shaman who must step outside consciousness to achieve true wisdom , Brooks ' journey is one of illumination ... and zombie jokes .
Here 's a few choice highlights :
4.05 pm : The Isner - Mahut battle is a bizarre mix of the gripping and the deadly dull .
It 's tennis 's equivalent of Waiting For Godot , in which two lowly journeymen comedians are forced to remain on an outside court until hell freezes over and the sun falls from the sky .
Isner and Mahut are dying a thousand deaths out there on Court 18 and yet nobody cares , because they 're watching the football .
Soon they will sprout beards and their hair will grow down their backs , and their tennis whites will yellow and then rot off their bodies .
And still they will stand out there on Court 18 , belting aces and listening as the umpire calls the score .
Finally , I suppose , one of them will die .
5.05 pm : On Court 18 a match is not won and lost ; it is just played out infinitely , deeper and deeper into a fifth and final set as the numbers rack up and the terrain turns uncharted .
Under the feet of John Isner and Nicolas Mahut , the grass is growing .
Before long they will be playing in a jungle and when they sit down at the change of ends , a crocodile will come to menace them .
5.25 pm : What happens if , from here on in , every single match at Wimbledon heads into a decider and then decides to stay there , with neither player ever reaching an advantage ; with the scoreline simply sailing off the map and into the wide blue yonder ?
Do the stewards lock the gates and make us stay ?
I 've been chuckling over the nightmarish experience of Isner and Mahut , little realising that it has implications for the rest of us as well .
We are all involved - going round and round , round and round .
5.30 pm : Phew , the Wimbledon Zombie Pandemic has been contained .
Thiemo
De Bakker comes through 16 - 14 in the final set of his match against Santiago Giraldo .
He will now play ( hysterical laughter ) the winner of the match between John Isner and Nicolas Mahut .
Needless to say , it 's still going on : 30 - 30 in the final set
5.55 pm : Is it a dream , a lie , or is John Isner really about to triumph in the longest match in tennis history ?
The American flicks a backhand return up the line to reach 15 - 40 , with two match points .
But then Mahut finds the line with a forehand and hastens in to tap away a terrified volley .
Incredibly , he saves the second match point too and then pulls level once more : 33 -33 in the final set .
So yes , it was a dream , it was a lie .
6 pm : The score stands at 34 - 34 .
In order to stay upright and keep their strength , John Isner and Nicolas Mahut have now started eating members of the audience .
6.25 pm : I 'm wondering if maybe an angel will come and set them free .
Is this too much to ask ?
Just one slender angel , with white wings and a wise smile , to tell them that 's it 's all right , they have suffered enough and that they are now being recalled .
The angel could hug them and kiss their brows and invite them to lay their rackets gently on the grass .
And then they could all ascend to heaven together .
John Isner , Nicolas Mahut and the kind angel that saved them .
6.48 pm : ... We 're here but we 're gone .
Is anyone still alive up in the stands or have they now all been eaten ?
It 's 40 - 40 .
And that 's games , not points Still no sign of that angel either , the one that swore blind that she would come down and spirit the players off to Disneyland Paris where they could ride the Thunder Mountain rollercoaster forever and ever amen .
I 'm now starting to wonder if she really exists .
7.30 pm : Let it end , let it end , it 's 46 - all .
It was funny when it was 16 - all and it was creepy when it was 26 - all .
But this is pure purgatory and there is still no end in sight .
7.45 pm : What happens if we steal their rackets ?
If we steal their rackets , the zombies can no longer hit their aces and thump their backhands and keep us all prisoner on Court 18 .
I 'm shocked that this is only occurring to me now .
8.05 pm : In the stands , a woman is laughing .
She laughs long and hard and her laugh is the sort of ghastly yodel you normally hear in antique horror movies about Victorian insane asylums .
8.30 pm : They are chanting " John ! " because Isner gets to 0 - 30 on Mahut 's serve and is therefore just two points from victory .
Chant all you like , it wo n't change a thing .
9.12 pm : Mahut prevails !
Mahut wins !
This is not to say he wins the match , of course .
Nobody is winning this match ; not now and not ever .
9.25 pm : Last thoughts before I ring me a hearse .
That was beyond tennis .
I think it was even beyond survival , because there is a strong suggestion ( soon to be confirmed by doctors ) that John Isner actually expired at about the 20 - 20 mark , and Mahut went soon afterwards , and the remainder of the match was contested by Undead Zombies who ate the spectators during the change of ends ( again , this is pending a police investigation ) .
Still , if you 're going to watch a pair of zombies go at each other for eleventy - billion hours , far into the night , it might as well be these zombies .
Advertisement
Sadly , Brooks will not be on blogging duty tomorrow as the match resumes , but will return to All - England Club on Friday ... when , naturally , Isner and Mahut will still be playing .
Wimbledon 2010 live blog : 23 June | Xan Brooks [ Guardian UK , via BuzzFeed ]
[ Photo : AP ]
Like this , but newer !
E3 is an event defined by its surprises , both big and small .
Last night I was treated to a minor , but personally exciting revelation , courtesy of our podcast panel guest Mike Bilder , GM at Jellyvision .
Now if the name Jellyvision does n't mean anything to you , it 's probably with good reason -- though a prolific developer on the PC in the late 1990s , particularly with its irreverent pop-culture quiz series You Don't Know Jack , the Chicago - based company has n't been terribly active in the decade since .
But it sounds like that should be changing soon .
At the start of last night 's epic Day Two Bombcast we were treated to a personal message from Cookie Masterson -- the most prolific of the various , but consistently snarky hosts of You Don't Know Jack -- announcing that Jellyvision had reached a publishing deal with THQ , and that You Don't Know Jack is being resurrected .
If , for some crazy reason , you 've not heard last night 's Bombcast yet , check it out here to hear the message for yourself .
I leaned on Bilder after the show for more details like platforms or release window , and though he was oddly impervious to my delicate charms , he did say that this was a traditional publishing deal , unrelated to THQ's recently announced Partners program , and to expect more details later this summer .
Now in the grand scheme of this billion - dollar industry , this probably is n't such a big deal , but I 'm personally very excited about this , and I still maintain that no one has managed to create as consistently an entertaining quiz - show - style video game as You Don't Know Jack .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Lots of lefty econ bloggers have suggested that the answer to our financial woes is a walloping big second stimulus .
But we are n’t getting one .
Tyler Cowen thinks that should tell us something :
Reading the Keynesian bloggers , one gets the feeling that it is only an inexplicable weakness , cowardice , stupidity , whatever , that stops policies to drive a more robust recovery .
The Keynesians have no good theory of why their advice is n’t being followed , except perhaps that the Democrats are struck with some kind of “ Republican stupidity ” virus . [ … ]
The thing is , that same virus seems to be sweeping the world , including a lot of parties on the Left .
Romer , Geithner , Summers , et.al . know all the same economics that Krugman and DeLong and Thoma do .
If a bigger [ aggregate demand ] stimulus would set so many things right , they ’d gladly lay tons of political capital on the line to see it through and proclaim triumph at the end of the road .
Except they expect it would bring only a marginal improvement .
Now , there are a few things to say about this .
First , Tyler ’s definition of “ marginal ” might be different than , say , Krugman’s .
Would a two - point drop in unemployment be marginal ?
Or dramatic ?
Second , it does n’t have to be weakness or cowardice driving the Obama team ’s actions .
If , for whatever reason , they ’ve concluded that a second stimulus is simply politically impossible , then they ’re going to turn their attention elsewhere no matter what they think about it .
That ’s just common sense .
Third , even if a ton of political persuasion might ( barely ) push a second stimulus bill through , it might be too late .
They might disagree with Krugman et. al. not on fundamental grounds , but simply on timing .
But despite all this , there ’s one pretty good reason to think that Tyler is basically right : tax cuts .
Lefty economists might generally believe that increasing spending is a more efficient way of stimulating consumption than reducing taxes , but they ’d almost certainly accept a big tax cut as an almost - as - good substitute .
And tax cuts have two big advantages over spending .
On the substantive side , they work faster .
Spending takes time to work its way through the economy , but a tax cut ( for example , a payroll tax holiday ) boosts the economy almost immediately .
And on the political side it ’s quite doable .
Republicans would be persuadable because they love tax cuts and Democrats would be persuadable because it would help the economy .
For Obama , then , it would be the best of all worlds : a fast stimulus that gets bipartisan support , something that boosts the economy while dampening the inevitable criticism he ’d get for blowing up the deficit .
But he ’s not pushing for this .
Not even quietly .
And this suggests that Tyler is right : Obama ’s advisors might be in favor of further fiscal stimulus , but not by much .
And the best explanation for this is that lefty or not , they ’re genuinely afraid , as Tyler says , that it would bring only marginal improvements at the cost of significant problems down the road .
But would it ?
I ’d like to hear more about this .
I feel like the liberal economic community is largely getting a free pass on this because the opposition has been so stupid : if you ’re arguing that inflation ( or hyperinflation ! ) is a near - term threat that needs to be vigilantly opposed , it ’s pretty easy to explain why this is wrong .
But the better argument is that inflation is a long - term threat that has to be contained early , because once the genie pokes its head out of the bottle it ’s very , very hard to stuff it back in .
And the medicine it takes to do the stuffing is painful indeed .
Now , that argument might be wrong too .
But because conservatives mostly are n’t making it , liberals mostly are n’t taking it on .
But they should .
Political realities being what they are , reining in the federal deficit will be hard even under the best of circumstances , and if we decide to make it worse now it ’s going to become even harder to rein in down the road .
That ’s not a problem for today or tomorrow , but it might well be a problem in 2015 .
Right ?
My dreams have been answered , the good people at OfficePod are keeping the hopes alive for prefab dreamers by making more Prefab shelters .
For a measly 15,000 £ you can have this beautiful office space , seriously I want this , maybe they have layaway ?
or need someone to display it in Brooklyn ?
count me in .
The woman at the centre of one of the most intriguing spying scandals since the cold war rubbed shoulders with some of Britain 's highest profile businessmen at glittering evenings in London nightclubs .
Anna Chapman , one of 10 suspected Russian spies charged in the US , was allegedly taken to parties at Annabel 's nightclub attended by businessmen including the private equity billionaire Vincent Tchenguiz , and Philip Green , who owns some of the UK 's largest retailers .
The emerging picture of the glossy social circles Chapman moved in during her time in Britain mirrors FBI suspicions that the Russian secret service wanted her to ingratiate herself with influential people in the west .
She was , said one businessman who knew her , a " great networker " .
Wayne Sharpe , 53 , executive chairman and founder of Bartercard , a trading exchange firm , said he met Chapman , 28 , a number of times during 2005 at social gatherings .
He said she was then the personal assistant of Nicholas Camilleri , chief executive of the Mayfair - based hedge fund company Navigator Asset Management Advisers .
" The business people [ in attendance ] were the highest lot – I 'm talking about Philip Green and Vincent Tchenguiz .
She was in that set well and truly by being at Nick 's side until the wee hours of the morning , " said Sharpe .
" She was one of many intelligent Russian women who worked with Nicholas .
It was always hard to determine what she did in his business , but she was very intelligent , attractive , personable and very articulate in English .
She certainly was a great networker .
She constantly ingratiated herself with all of the high - end businessmen Nicholas introduced her to . "
A spokesman for Tchenguiz said it was " almost certainly true " he had met Chapman .
" Vincent and Nick know each other and both go to Annabel 's every Thursday , " he said .
" If Chapman was with Nick , she would have been introduced .
But it would have been a passing encounter – totally innocent .
" There is no suggestion that Chapman obtained any information from the businessmen she mixed with .
It is understood Green seldom visits Annabel 's and has no recollection of meeting her .
Speaking exclusively to the Guardian last night , Camilleri said he found it hard to picture the 23 - year - old girl he employed as a PA in 2005 as a Russian spy .
" She was a ' green , wet behind the ears ' type of girl , " he said .
" She came across as having none of those sorts of spying - type aspirations , so I can't see how she developed them later . "
Camilleri said that although Chapman was married when she worked for him , she never spoke of her husband and he never met him .
" She was just an ordinary girl .
She had nothing of any consequence about her .
She was quite a quiet person . "
He said that he did not introduce Chapman to Green , but added : " I go out every single night of the week and had many PAs before , during and after her .
How could I remember who I took where and when ? "
Barclays Bank confirmed yesterday Chapman had worked in its London office before moving to the US .
Earlier , the British private plane hire firm , NetJets Europe , said that she worked for it in the UK , but not for as long as the CV claimed , or at such a senior level .
Chapman 's extensive online presence , including more than 90 photographs posted to Facebook and an apparently glamorous lifestyle as a property millionaire , has made her the focus of much of the media coverage of the case .
But quite what was her part in the spying network is a mystery .
Inquiries in the US have established she was arrested after she herself had gone to a New York police station after a meeting with a supposed Russian agent who wanted her to pass on a false passport .
In fact the Russian had been a US undercover investigator .
While Chapman agreed to the task , when asked if she was willing to step up her spy work , she then failed to turn up to the set - up meeting .
Instead she went to the First Precinct station in New York and told police that the passport had been forced upon her .
It was only then that she was arrested by the federal authorities .
The manner of her arrest has been seized on by her lawyer , Robert M Baum , as evidence she was not the super spy the prosecution claims .
" The government 's case is very thin against Ms Chapman .
There is no allegation she ever met face to face with any government official ; and no allegation despite constant surveillance that she ever delivered anything to anyone or received any money , " Baum told ABC News .
Several thousand miles away in Moscow , a few more pieces of the jigsaw of Chapman 's life were emerging .
She grew up in the southern town of Volgograd ( formerly Stalingrad ) and came from an influential diplomatic family .
She studied in Volgograd 's middle school – where she was known as Anya Kuschenko – and lived with her grandmother when her parents decamped to Moscow .
Her father became Russia 's ambassador to Kenya when she was in the 8th grade , friends said .
" I 'm certain this is all some kind of set - up , " one friend told news portal lifenews.ru .
" Even if you suppose she had become an intelligence agent , she would never have allowed herself to fail in this way .
She was such a clever girl . "
Another classmate , Tatyana Shumilina , recalled her as a " party animal " who introduced the other teenage girls to " decent music " including Metallica and Nirvana .
She was usually dressed in ripped jeans , black T - shirts and had a punk style .
" She was an excellent student .
The boys liked her .
You only had to see her once to realise she was very pretty .
As she got older she got even prettier .
She made no effort to hide her diplomatic connections – everyone knew her father was an ambassador in an African country . "
After school she moved to Moscow , and studied at the People 's Friendship University of Russia , one of the top Soviet - founded schools .
After graduating in 2004 she went into business , initially for Fortis Investments .
She set up her own online real estate business – apparently conceived from her experience of moving flats across Moscow .
Lifenews .ru says she married an Englishman , and moved to Britain , returning to Russia from time to time .
Friends are unable to confirm this .
" I do n't know about her personal life , " said Dmitry Porochkin , who met Chapman at a function of Moscow 's young entrepreneurs ' club .
By this point she had dumped her Russian surname and was using the name Chapman , he told the Guardian .
" She was an extremely talented businesswoman who specialised in start - ups , " he said .
" She was a genuine entrepreneur .
She showed no interest in politics .
She was someone who wanted to achieve her business targets , and said she planned to start an investment project in New York .
How she ended up in the view of the US special services is a mystery . "
Chapman 's online real estate business www.domdot.ru was yesterday still up and running .
Nobody answered the phone at its Moscow office .
The portal offers a property search in 90 different regions of Russia and was highly successful , Porochkin said .
Chapman had intended to launch a similar online version in New York .
She had also worked in banking in London , and for a hedge fund , Russian reports claimed .
Other friends suggested that after frequent business trips she had moved to New York permanently only last year – camping out temporarily with her sister .
May 4 , 2010 : " Standard orbit , Mr. Sulu . " Captain Kirk barks out the order with such confidence .
He knows the USS Enterprise can slip in and out of planetary orbits with ease .
But it 's only easy in the realm of science fiction .
In the real world , such maneuvers have been impossible -- until now .
An artist 's concept of Dawn in " standard orbit " around asteroid Vesta .
Enter Dawn , NASA 's cutting edge mission to the asteroid belt .
Powered with a futuristic sounding new technology called " ion propulsion , " this spacecraft will perform space moves rivaling those of the Enterprise .
At this very moment , Dawn is slowly climbing away from the sun , beyond Mars , on its way to its first destination , asteroid Vesta .
Dawn will enter " standard orbit " around this rocky world for a year , exploring its mysteries .
Then Dawn will do something unprecedented in real - world spaceflight : exit the orbit of one distant body , and fly to and orbit another .
The second destination is asteroid Ceres .
" Dawn will be the first spacecraft ever built to orbit two target bodies after leaving Earth , " says Marc Rayman , Dawn chief engineer at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
" There 's not even a concept for doing such a mission with conventional propulsion systems .
The spacecraft would have to carry so much fuel , it would be too heavy to launch . "
Instead , Dawn relies on ion propulsion , which does n't require a huge spacecraft .
Rayman first heard the term years ago while watching – you guessed it -- Star Trek .
Scotty : " I 've never seen anything like it -- and ion propulsion at that ! "
Youtube video .
Using solar arrays spanning 65 feet , Dawn collects power from the sun to ionize atoms of xenon .
These ions are expelled by a strong electric field out the back of the spacecraft , producing a gentle thrust .
The weightless and frictionless conditions of space flight allow this gossamer force effect to build up , so the spacecraft gains speed slowly and continuously .
" Dawn is n't exactly a hot rod , " says Rayman .
" It would take 4 days to go from 0 to 60 .
But it ultimately achieves fantastically high velocity while consuming very little propellant .
It uses only a kilogram of xenon every 4 days . "
Typically , conventional rockets thrust for a few minutes at most before they run out of fuel , then they coast to their destination .
Dawn ’s engines , on the other hand , are almost constantly active .
Dawn 's Chief Engineer Marc Rayman of JPL .
In the Youtube video , William Shatner likens Rayman to Scotty of the Enterprise .
" Dawn will thrust for 5 ½ years ! " says Rayman .
" It 's already been thrusting for 591 days .
That 's 62 % of the time it 's been in space . "
This means Dawn must be very fuel efficient .
" A typical Mars orbiter could consume more than 600 pounds of propellants to enter orbit around the red planet , " says Rayman .
" With its ion propulsion system , Dawn could do it with less than 60 pounds of xenon . "
Add all of these advantages together and you get a spacecraft that can accomplish – well – the impossible .
" Dawn is taking us , in the truest sense , up close to two distant , alien , unexplored worlds . "
Its destinations -- Ceres and Vesta – are two of the biggest asteroids in the solar system .
Indeed , Ceres is so big , it is actually classified as a dwarf planet , and Vesta is not far behind .
Yet to date they 've been studied only from a great distance , so they 're virtually unknown .
What is known is that they 're not alike .
" Vesta is more like the rocky bodies of the inner solar system , one of which is right under our feet , " explains Rayman .
" And Ceres is more like the icy moons of the outer solar system .
Scientists think it may even have a subsurface ocean of liquid water ! "
Hubble Space Telescope photos of Dawn 's targets , giant asteroids Ceres and Vesta . [ more ]
Credit : NASA /HST
Dawn 's instruments will collect data and images to uncover the secrets these two bodies conceal and perhaps reveal why they 're so different from one another even though they inhabit such similar regions of the solar system .
" This mission will help us understand what the conditions were when Vesta and Ceres formed at the dawn of the solar system .
It will fit more pieces in the grand puzzle of how our solar system formed and evolved – and perhaps how others do as well . "
Executing new cosmic maneuvers , exploring alien worlds , answering profound questions – Dawn has it all .
But Rayman thinks the most compelling aspect of missions like Dawn may be that we are , in a sense , going along for a deep - space ride .
" Dawn is taking us all on a virtual trip through the cosmos .
It 's not just a mission by the JPL team , or by NASA , or by the U.S and its partner countries .
It 's a mission of humankind -- something that represents all of us who share a spirit of adventure and curiosity , a passion for exploration .
It 's an extension of ourselves into the universe . "
As one Star Trek crew member with particularly pointy ears would say -- " Fascinating . "
Author : Dauna Coulter | Editor : Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit : Science@NASA
Where does the name Notion Ink come from ?
The first thing we all do when we get any idea is to write it down .
Its the first and the most important step between the conception and realization of our dreams .
We want to become this exact enabler which will help people convert their notions into a reality , to become their Notion Ink .
The ADAM is the first device shown that contains Pixel Qi's low - power , dual - mode display , why did you go with route ?
For us tablets are more than just a media consuming devices .
They will replace every individual object we see around , your computer , your table , everything .
Even the name will change to portray something closer to Ubiquitous Computing ( our first short term name when we realised there is already a company with this name ) .
We realised the use cases and reading and power was one of the most important element of this new generation of computing .
Advertisement
You also chose to put an NVidia Tegra processor in the ADAM , why is this ?
Tegra is one of the beautiful SoCs around .
Low power , high performance and the possibilities of CUDA .
What else can one ask for !
Moreover we will see a shift from serial to parallel computing .
Better start from a H / W platform which can leverage this .
But we are also working on other platforms .
Dual - Core ARM ® CORTEX - A9 MPCOREâ „ ¢
Processor is the processor you went with , will this be changing ?
or is this the model everyone will get ?
There can be more models , we will announce soon .
The ADAM can run on one of three operating systems correct ?
Chrome OS , Ubuntu and Android ?
Why the choices ?
( I personally love it )
Officially there is no choice .
But who can dare working against the hackers or geeks !
It will be tough to shift , but yes , you can .
Advertisement
You 've fitted the ADAM with either a 16gb or 32gb storage , plus anyone can stick an sd card in there and add to that , will there be other sizes ?
You will have memory as an option .
For us , memory needs to be free and user must take a call on this .
I 've read there is an accelerometer and proximity sensor as well as ambient light and water sensors .
How do all these play into what you want to do with the device ?
There are generation and series of devices and each one will take advantage of each .
There is a huge inter-relation of UI and these sensors , but I should be tight lipped here .
The camera on the device is a swivel camera , facing the user or friends .
What do you think that will get used most for ?
Scanning documents .
Taking photos .
Imaging a 10 inch touch screen to select focus area , shoot and edit while taking images !
Live video recording of lectures , taking notes over the videos , and lot more .
Advertisement
Also , with a swiveling camera , will the ADAM be able to support things like Qik , UStream and KnockingLive ?
Yes .
What networks / providers are you looking at to put the device on for its 3g service ?
This information is not yet in public domain .
Is Adobe Flash Integration something you are still working towards ?
Yes , its already achieved .
Advertisement
There is a microphone and camera built in , will you be able to record videos if so will they be able to upload via youtube and other sites ?
Yes
WLAN – 802.11 b/g , Bluetooth 2.1 A2DP , and WWAN – 3G HSDPA are all supported , what made you make the decision for all three and will it effect the cost of the device ?
There are 2 variants Wi - fi only and wifi + 3G
Both are of different series and hence of different prices ( as should be expected )
Will the Full app store be usable on the ADAM
Interesting developments here .
But right now no .
Adam comes with its own App store called Genesis .
Advertisement
Will the ADAM be capable of supporting Firmware Version 2.2 also known as Froyo ?
Yes
The ADAM will support a webkit browser , so it will be similar to Google Chrome then ?
Yes
What version of Android will the ADAM run ?
Always the Latest
Advertisement
When making the ADAM , were there other operating systems considered ?
Yes , but after rigorous study , Adam became the de facto OS of choice .
Will you be able to do everything you would be able to do on a linux distribution on the ADAM , such as terminal and downloading programs via terminal
There is no Linux distribution on Adam supported officially .
But answer is yes .
What versions of Ubuntu / Linux will it be able to run ?
Ask the hackers
Advertisement
When you were making the ADAM ADAM , was it just an idea to beat apple or was it in planning before the ipad ?
The idea came when I was 10 .
So probably the seed was there .
And I started in my final year of bachelors .
iPad was not officially known to anyone .
Does the success of the ipad worry you or excite you ?
It excites .
The world is full of opportunities and infinite possibilities .
How do you feel about the ipad not supporting flash ?
There is a limit to which one can be arrogant .
And there is a little difference seen between arrogance and vision .
May the image become clear sooner for the good of everyone .
Will the ADAM be able to fully support HTML 5 ?
Not full , but most features .
We are constantly working to support more and more features .
What are some of you plans for the future ?
Adam is not alone !
Is there a solid release date or a time frame that the ADAM will be released ?
Unlike other BIGGIES we are a start - up .
Took our time to get the visibility , created a good case in front of the investors and closed the investment .
This took its own time .
In the meanwhile S/ W gained maturity , to time was used preciously .
There are few very beautiful stuff we have done on the UI and S/W .
There are 2 concepts .
First is , launch it ASAP , capture the market , become the KING , and Kill the competition .
Second is , this is our first product , our future depends on it .
Its not about the initial market , but the sustenance , brilliance , and competing in future with BIGGIES .
We are not one product company .
We have taken a calculated approach on the launch .
How do you feel about all the other tablets out there ?
There are so many now .
Water ,
Water everywhere , not a drop to drink .
Seriously , which one has got the eco-system ?
Last year was a great year for downloadable games , and amongst these Trine stood out ( even being deemed " Impressive " by IGN 's own Daemon Hatfield ) .
This year Trine 2 was announced , and at E3 I was able to see a super brief demonstration that showed some of the changes developer Frozenbyte is implementing .
For those of you who have n't experienced Trine ( the original only came out on PS3 and PC ) , allow me to drop some knowledge .
Trine was a side - scrolling fantasy action - adventure whose hook came from two things : physics puzzles and character switching .
You see , in Trine players had to switch between a thief , a warrior , and a wizard , utilizing their unique abilities and real - world physics to get through whatever challenges got in their way .
Trine 2 looks to have the same hook as its predecessor , but with some enhanced features .
Along with some graphical updates ( the game looks downright beautiful ) and online coop , the characters are getting some new powers .
The wizard can now pick up and manipulate enemies as if he was a Force - wielding Jedi , while the thief will have the ability to slow down time .
Not much more is known about abilities outside of this , but I 'm also told that the levels are being designed to require the specialties of all the classes , increasing the importance of their powers .
The game is slated for release sometime in 2011 , and will likely end up on PSN , Xbox Live , and on various PC digital distribution channels .
No clear price has been decided , but the game 's publisher , Atlus , says that it will be much more " reasonable , " than the $ 20 to $ 40 price of the original .
Britain 's youngest mum :
Girl who was pregnant at 11 says she will fight to see her daughter
Aged just 12 years old , this is Britain 's youngest mother holding her newborn baby .
Still a child herself , the new parent 's sunken , fearful eyes and inability to smile transform what should be a joyful moment into a desperately unsettling scene .
Tressa Middleton 's pregnancy four years ago shocked the nation when she admitted having sex while drunk and spoke of her excitement at becoming a mother .
Now the Scot is 16 and fighting for the right to see her adopted daughter again , as the uneasy images of her holding her baby are shown for the first time .
She yesterday admitted spiralling into a deep depression and turning to alcohol and drugs after the baby was born , when she found herself battling to keep the infant .
Unsettling : Pictures taken of Tressa Middleton soon after the birth in 2006
Miss Middleton said she has quit drugs and alcohol and spoke of her regret at ever letting her baby go .
She told the Scottish Sun : ' I 'm not a big drinker now and I do n't smoke hash any more .
In the past I 've cut myself but I do n't do that any more .
I 'm going to give myself a couple of years to get my life sorted , then I 'm going to fight for access to my little girl .
When her daughter was born in 2006 , the pair were taken into foster care .
Eighteen months ago , a child psychologist decided it was in the best interests of the infant that she be adopted .
Miss Middleton signed papers handing over her daughter to an anonymous couple who , when the adoption became official , decided that they did not want to allow the birth mother any access .
Her only contact is now a letter from the child 's new parents every six months , updating her on the little girl 's progress .
Miss Middleton said yesterday : ' I got to meet her adoptive parents but I was n't allowed to know their names .
They were maybe mid-30s .
They seemed lovely but it does n't really matter who was taking her - I never wanted to let her go .
' After I 'd signed the adoption papers , I went to court to fight for twice - a- year contact .
I 'd even tried to make a deal that if I signed the papers I would get to see her once a year , but the adoptive parents did n't want that .
They do n't want me to see her .
They want to get on with their lives .
It makes me hate them .
' At the end of the day , she 's my wee girl and I 'm doing them a favour .
I was n't asking for much , asking to see her once a year , but they thought I was . '
Heartache : Tressa , now 16 , wants to see her child
When she became pregnant in 2005 , the case prompted dismay from church and family groups , amid criticisms that a Scottish Executive campaign to cut teenage pregnancies had failed .
Concern over ' broken Britain ' rose further when details of Miss Middleton 's chaotic home life in Armadale , West Lothian , emerged .
She was one of six children - by four different fathers - to her then 34 - year - old mother , who said she was ' proud ' of her daughter for keeping the baby .
On the bleak streets where Miss Middleton was raised , petty crime is rife and drink and drugs are ever present .
Boarded - up windows abound and gardens are strewn with bed frames , discarded mattresses and other rubbish .
Children gather on street corners and it is far from unusual to see young girls pushing prams .
Despite barely being out of primary school , Miss Middleton smoked up to 20 cigarettes a day , used cannabis and downed cocktails of Buckfast tonic wine and vodka .
Speaking under the cover of anonymity at the time , she disclosed that she had discovered the pregnancy weeks after having drunken sex in August 2005 .
Drawing on a roll - up cigarette while heavily pregnant , she said : ' I slept with him because I was drunk and I wanted to .
I do n't regret it because if I did n't have sex with him I would n't have my baby .
I knew straight away that I could n't have an abortion because that 's something I do n't believe in . '
The girl was scared to tell her mother who , ironically , had given birth to her youngest child days before her daughter found that she was pregnant .
Miss Middleton admitted that she had an argument with her mother after breaking the news of her pregnancy .
' It was hard but it has brought me and my mum closer together , ' she said .
' It 's good to know I 'll have my mum there to help me if I need her . '
Now 16 and legally an adult , she is able to speak openly about her experiences for the first time and has also allowed the images of those early moments after the birth to be published .
Miss Middleton , who believes she has ' turned a corner ' in her life , hopes to join the Army and prove that she deserves to see her child again .
She spoke yesterday of the time when she first felt that she would lose her daughter .
This came before the adoption was even official , when the baby went to live with her foster family and the teenager was allowed to see the child only every three months at a family centre .
A child herself : Tressa with her newly - born daughter
The young mother said : ' My daughter sometimes called me " Mummy " then one day she called me by my first name and called her foster carer " Mum " .
It really hurt and I burst into tears .
Then she would n't come to me .
She refused and would start screaming .
It felt like every time I saw her I was losing her more and more .
' The adoptive parents gave her their surname .
They 've kept her first name the same , but hearing that her name had changed was heartbreaking .
It 's like they 're turning my wee girl into someone different .
She was dressed different and her hair was different .
It was hard to see someone else bringing up my wee girl . '
Miss Middleton is not allowed to know where her daughter is living or see photographs , although the latest progress letter , from March , described the three - year - old as 'a very happy , chatty , self - confident and together little girl . '
Miss Middleton said : ' When I read it I just started crying .
It says she can read numbers 0 - 9 and count to 20 .
That 's all the things I wanted to teach her as her mum .
It 's wee simple things like that which affect me .
' I get upset when I see wee girls walking past with their mums .
I miss my wee girl every day .
I 've kept all her clothes from when she was a baby .
I keep under my pillow a wee pink Babygro and hat from when she was born . '
Miss Middleton , who now has only limited contact with her own family and lives in Dumfries , admitted , however , that adoption was in her daughter 's ' best interests ' .
But she added : ' It was the hardest thing I 've ever done .
I do n't think I can give my daughter the life she needs just now .
' When I 'm older I want to build a relationship with my daughter .
I 'm concentrating on sorting myself out so that one day I 'll hopefully see my wee girl again .
I love her to bits . '
This Brazilian baby may be the most talented infant ever to grace YouTube 's " dancing baby " genre .
I 'm not sure how he has so many moves , or why his balance is so good .
Perhaps he 's a prodigy of dance ?
Adorable babies on YouTube keep raising the bar on future babies .
How will civilization ever surpass this booty - shaking babe of infinite giggles ?
To keep up with the arms race of cute , we must pit our babies against each other in survival - of - the - cutest dance - offs .
Losers can be raised by wolves .
Only the cute will survive .
[ via BoingBoing ]
In keeping with the ever - expanding holiday spirit , this Friday is Richmond ’s 26th Annual Grand Illumination .
In the past I have stayed at a distance to avoid the traffic , but this year , with a shiny new parking space right in the thick of things , I am ready to join the countdown .
This is really the kick off to the holiday season in Richmond so holiday events will be non -stop from here on in .
At 5:59 pm , Santa will begin the countdown to light up all the downtown office buildings , the James Center tree , and all the beautiful James Center reindeer at 6 pm sharp .
They have been hard at work for weeks placing all the reindeer and decorating inside the James Center .
It will definitely be beautiful .
Richmond is n’t going to miss out on a chance to turn this into a street festival , so there will also be blocks of family entertainment including live music , the Sugar Plum Fairy from the Richmond Ballet , various characters from The Nutcracker , the Snow Queen , and the Virginia Piedmont and Central HO Model Railroad Club .
Radio
Disney will also be there to keep the kids entertained ( as if the twinkling lights are n’t enough ) .
Although the Grand Illumination itself will run from 6 pm - 7 pm , much of downtown Richmond has gotten in on the act and there will be free and discounted activities until 9 pm .
From 6 - 10 pm ( on Friday AND Saturday ) there will be free horse and carriage rides around the historic River district ( these are usually $ 10 / person ) .
A 12 - passenger holiday decorated carriage will carry families around Shockoe Slip & Shockoe Bottom .
All rides start and end at the fountain at 13th and E. Cary Streets and last approximately 20 minutes .
Make sure you do n’t miss out on the $ 2 canal rides while you are in the area ( ages 4 and under are free ) .
Canal rides are being offered at this discounted rate from 6 - 9 pm on Friday .
Rides last approximately 20 minutes and provide an awesome view of the lights and the city .
There will be a marching band in the area providing live music , and rumor has it Santa may even take a boat ride or two .
Boats leave from the Turning Basin at 14th st. and Dock St .
Main Street Station will also be offering holiday activities during Grand Illumination .
Their holiday open house , with a Polar Express ( the children ’s christmas movie ) theme will be held from 5 - 9 pm .
There will be a tree lighting , decorations , and free kiddie train rides , hot cider & cookies , and live music .
There will also be professional storytellers to read to the children ( am I the only one that thinks this could be the best job ever ?? ) by the fireplace .
The Richmond public library will even “ gift ” a free book to the first 300 children in attendance .
Finally , if you did n’t finish all your holiday shopping on Black Friday , there will be a holiday market at the 17th Street Farmer ’s market from 5 - 9 pm featuring homemade crafts , gifts , music , snacks , cider , and Mr. & Mrs. Santa Claus !
Main illumination festivities are held in front of James Center 2 ( by the clock tower ) and down into Shockoe Bottom .
Discounted parking is available after 4 pm at the parking deck on the corner of 10th and Canal St. for $ 3 .
There will also be $ 2 parking available at Main Street Station on the West Side using the Franklin St. entrance .
This promises to be a huge holiday event so if you are n’t lucky enough to attend , and you work downtown , count on escaping around 4 pm on Friday if you want to make it home before 10 pm .
Otherwise , stay and enjoy !
This , however , is technique deranged .
Mr. Glover ’s trademark is to display astonishingly rapid - fire meters that nonetheless lack rhythm or melody or any serious play of dynamic contrasts .
Very occasionally he slows down to tap out a phrase you can identify .
One of them on Monday seemed to go “ Do-wah , diddy diddy dum , dum , dum , ” almost like the 1960s pop song by Manfred Mann .
This is when a real tap musician would make the relative simplicity of the moment into something special , but Mr. Glover ’s inflection stayed flat : he could n’t caress the phrase into life .
Image
The tap dancer Savion Glover in his show at the Joyce Theater in Chelsea .
Credit ... Andrea Mohin / The New York Times
And he could n’t dwell on it for long .
He needs the stratosphere of extreme speed , but he wo n’t make that stratosphere absorbing for an audience .
On Monday he seemed shut off , performing on some private trip that was not intended for us ( though he did call on his mother in the audience ) .
Within the first minute he reminded me how , in opera , coloratura singing can be musically exhilarating and expressive but can also be mindlessly dull .
In particular I understood how , a century ago , the famous soprano Selma Kurz was known in Vienna as “ the singer without an ear . ”
A critic once wrote that “ even her legendary trill is mechanical , ” and that applies to Mr. Glover ’s dancing .
He takes one rhythmic figure , repeats it too many times , then starts again with another .
Often he accelerates or decelerates , but without skill in phrasing .
The play of dynamic contrasts that is meat and drink to so many less famous tap dancers ( among today ’s , I would cite DeWitt Fleming Jr. , Lee Howard , and Jason Samuels Smith , but there are many others ) seems out of Mr. Glover ’s terrain .
I ’ve been talking principally of how Mr. Glover sounds as a tap soloist , and in one section of “ SoLE PoWER ” he stresses the point by dancing in the dark .
But his sound is the only remarkable thing about him , and those with appetites for endless jazz cadenzas may find more interest in it than I can .
In visual terms he is a washout .
( He looks better with his feet in close - up on film ; too bad his Joyce show does n’t include a screen to amplify the feet visually as well as aurally . )
His shyness of the audience is remarkable from someone who has danced for presidents and whose name sells whole seasons : he ’s happier to be tapping away in profile than facing forward , and happiest with his back to us ( which is how he starts this show ) .
At times he talks using a mike , but he does so facing the back , and against a surrounding wash of taped music that ’s loud enough to drown half his words .
Sometimes a lucky t- shirt is n’t enough to win the game …
In February this year , a family was murdered in South Africa ’s Eastern Cape Province .
Accused of practicing witchcraft , a sixty - five - year - old woman and her three young granddaughters were stabbed to death by vigilantes on a modern - day witch hunt .
1
Every year in South Africa , hundreds of arson attacks , violent assaults , and brutal killings are perpetrated against victims accused of sorcery , and these are only the cases that are reported .
However , one person ’s bad magic is another person ’s good magic .
Ironically , the very same witchcraft that is blamed for death , disease , and natural disaster is popularly practiced in sport .
Witches in the villages of South Africa are stoned , stabbed , or burned to death , but in the cities they are enlisted to win games .
These witches , known as sangomas , are n’t good sports .
They bless the home team and curse the opposing team .
Many athletes are famous for their superstitions .
Some wear lucky clothing , while others carry good - luck charms , eat a special meal before the game , or practice crippling routines and rituals .
The superstitions are praised for a win and changed ( not blamed ) following a loss .
Over the next month millions will tune into the World Cup , held in South Africa this year .
In its eighty - year history , this is the World Cup ’s first visit to the African continent .
Instead of lucky t- shirts , favorite baseball bats , and obsessive - compulsive rituals , many South African athletes prefer voodoo , hoodoo , and juju .
Why have mascots when you can have magic instead ?
Known as muti , magic is a part of everyday life for many South African people .
Voodoo , Santeria , and other forms of black magic are practiced , while witchcraft accusations and attacks are made out of fear , or vengeance .
Animals are sacrificed for potions and amulets , and ritual killings are common , after which the victims become spare parts for spells .
Some South Africans would visit a witch doctor before a medical doctor , but the former do more than just heal with herbs .
These traditional healers use sympathetic magic to land you a job and use woo to woo back your husband or wife .
Muti is so commonplace in South Africa that it has commercialized ; popular brands of magical products have expanded from the botanica to the supermarket .
In Africa , magic is believed to be a force at play when sports are played .
During a game in Congo , a lightning bolt killed an entire visiting team , leaving the home team unscathed .
Many blamed the catastrophe on a curse .
2
For some South African athletes , magic is as vital as the training , and the witch doctor is as vital as the coach .
But the players might not always confess to this .
Team members tend to deny their use of magic , not because it would make them look silly , but because admitting that magic was used supposedly undermines its power .
Magic is used at all levels of football , from beginners to professional teams .
It functions in similar ways to western superstitions in sport ; the rituals give confidence and confirmation bias to the players .
Magic supposedly provides the teams with not only a performance edge , but a spiritual edge too .
Muti is used in many ways for sport .
Spirit communication is employed to determine a player ’s fortune .
Crystal balls are used for football ; bone divination and scrying with mirrors predict the outcome of a game .
Juju priests and sangomas perform magical rituals to ensure the success of their team and the failure of the opponents .
Smudge sticks are burned in the athletes ’ homes and their change rooms before a game .
Players wear charms and talismans in their socks or underpants to bring good luck and repel bad luck .
There are even concerns that some players use traditional drugs containing natural stimulants that are not detected by modern doping tests .
One source states , “ In attempts to influence games , sangomas may smear muti on the walls of dressing rooms , have players urinate on bags of dirt brought from their home field to away games , or bury animal parts in the soccer field . ”
3
This reveals some practical concerns about the application of muti .
In one recent case , a football field was vandalized when sacrificed animals were buried under the turf .
An endangered animal is being taken to the edge of extinction in South Africa because of muti .
The population numbers of the rare Cape vulture have declined sharply due to reduced food sources , electrocution by electricity pylons , and the practice of harvesting their heads in the belief that “ smoking the brains ” of these birds will predict the results of the World Cup.
4
However , some claim these sporting beliefs are on the wane with the introduction of European coaches .
Carlos Alberto Parreira , coach of the Banfa ( “ The Boys ” ) team , is from Brazil , not South Africa .
However , even if the coach does n’t believe in magic , the magic still exists for South African people .
To guarantee the success of the South African team , a group of sangomas visited the new Soccer City stadium near Johannesburg and blessed the pitch by slaughtering an ox.5
So , where ’s the evidence that magic works for the South Africa national football team ?
There is n’t any .
Having won only a single game during two World Cup tournaments and ranked 83rd in the world , the South African soccer team is the second worst in the competition …
Notes
1. Christopher Szabo , “ Family butchered in South Africa by ‘ Witchcraft ’ vigilantes , ” Digital Journal .
www.digitaljournal.com/article/287027 ( accessed June 12 , 2010 ) .
2. “ Lightning Kills Football Team , ” BBC News .
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/203137.stm ( accessed June 12 , 2010 ) .
3. Nicolas Bruliard , “ Magical Thinking : A Secret Edge for South Africa at the World Cup ? ” The Wall Street Journal .
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703303904575293351886071156.html?mod=WSJ_newsreel_lifeStyle ( accessed June 12 , 2010 ) .
4 . “ SA ‘ Muti ’ magic by smoking brains of vultures to predict WC results killing them off , ” South Africa News .
www.southafricanews.net/story/645058 ( accessed June 12 , 2010 ) .
5 . “ South Africa ’s World Cup witch - doctor , ” Paranormal Magazine .
www.paranormalmagazine.co.uk/2010/06/04/south-africas-world-cup-witch-doctor/ ( accessed June 12 , 2010 ) .
The latest developments on the overnight raid by Israeli commandos on the flotilla of pro-Palestinian activists trying to break the blockade of Gaza to bring in relief supplies :
14:14 ET : President Obama and Prime Minister Netanyahu spoke Monday morning by phone , after the Israeli raid .
13:31 ET : Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip ErdoÄan cut short his trip to Chile to return home to Turkey .
13:28 ET : Netanyahu ’s office : “ The prime minister … reiterated his full backing for the Israeli Defense Forces and inquired about the well being of the wounded . ”
12:45 ET : This al Jazeera report includes some of the footage of the raid aired on Turkish TV :
12:41 ET : Israeli Trade Minister Binyamin Ben-Eliezer : “ It ’s going to be a big scandal , no doubt about it . ”
12:21 ET : British Foreign Secretary William Hague : “ There can be no better response from the international community to this tragedy than to achieve urgently a durable resolution to the Gaza crisis . ”
12:18 ET : Israeli police have arrested and jailed 16 pro-Palestinian activists from the flotilla after they refused to identify themselves upon arriving in port .
12:13 ET : CNN puts the death toll at 9 , almost all of whom were Turks .
12:05 ET : In addition to the deaths , the total number of injured include 30 protesters and 10 Israeli commandos , according to the BBC .
11:19 ET : Video of the raid recorded and released by the IDF purporting to show the pro-Palestinian activists aboard the Mavi Marmara attacking Israeli commandos :
11:14 ET : AP : “ Before the ships set sail from waters off Cyprus on Sunday , Israel had urged the flotilla not to try to breach the blockade and offered to transfer some of the cargo to Gaza from an Israeli port , following a security inspection . ”
11:04 ET : The UN Security Council will meet in New York at 1 p.m. ET .
10:58 ET : Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman told European diplomats “ that the passengers on the ships are not freedom fighters , but terrorist supporters who fired at IDF soldiers as soon as the latter boarded the ships , ” according to the foreign ministry .
10:55 ET : AFP :
Israel ’s Channel 10 television and Al Jazeera both reported 19 dead , but the Israeli channel later revised that number down to 10 .
The Gaza branch of the IHH , a Turkish NGO involved with the flotilla , put the number of dead at 15 , saying most of them were Turkish nationals .
10:54 ET : BBC : “ Israel is towing the boats to the port of Ashdod and says it will deport the passengers from there .
It says it will deliver the ships ’ aid to Gaza . ”
10:52 ET : NYT : “ On Sunday , three Israeli Navy missile boats had left the Haifa naval base in northern Israel a few minutes after 9 p.m. local time , planning to intercept the flotilla . ”
10:48 ET : BBC : “ A leader of Israel ’s Islamic Movement , Raed Salah , who was on board , was among those hurt . ”
10:47 ET : Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev : “ Unfortunately this group were dead - set on confrontation .
Live fire was used against our forces .
They initiated the violence , that ’s 100 % clear . ”
10:43 ET : The Israel military says the violence was limited to the lead boat in the flotilla , the Turkish passenger boat Mavi Marmara .
10:40 ET : More from AFP :
A senior Israeli military official told pool reporters on board a missile ship that formed part of the operation that the navy had prepared to meet them as “ peace activists , not to fight . ”
“ This was not spontaneous .
It was planned , ” he said , displaying a box from the boat containing switchblades , slingshots , big metal balls and metal bats .
10:39 ET : AFP :
One of the commandos involved in the operation told reporters he was pounced on as soon as he reached the deck .
“ They beat us up with metal sticks and knives , ” he said .
“ There was live fire at some point against us . ”
He said a group of about 30 people , all speaking Arabic , had attacked the troops , who were beaten and had their weapons snatched .
Some were even tossed from the top deck to the lower deck , prompting them to jumped into the water to save themselves , he said .
10:34 ET : The raid happened about 40 miles ( 64 km ) off the coast of Gaza , in international waters , according to the BBC .
10:31 ET : Al Jazeera : “ The some 700 activists on board the flotilla included people from many different countries , including United States , Britain , Australia , Greece , Canada , Malaysia , Algeria , Serbia , Belgium , Ireland , Norway , Sweden and Kuwait .
The majority were Turkish . ”
10:27 ET : Al Jazeera ‘s Jamal Elshayyal , reporting from onboard the lead ship in the flotilla , the Mavi Marmara , shortly after the raid :
10:16 ET : Reports on the death toll from the raid remain sketchy , with the Israeli military saying more than 10 dead and reports from Turkey saying 19 dead .
10:09 ET : Netanyahu ’s office confirms that he has canceled Tuesday ’s scheduled meeting in Washington with President Obama .
10:06 ET : Small protests of the Israeli action took place Monday in Amman , Sarajevo , Thessaloniki , and Karachi .
10:04 ET : WaPo : “ Turkish flags flew high above Gaza ’s port on Monday alongside posters with photos of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . ”
10:03 ET : Reports : Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancels Tuesday trip to Washington to meet with President Obama .
10:02 ET : WaPo : “ The wounded were evacuated to Israeli hospitals and the ships were being led into Israel ’s Ashdod port , where the passengers and aid supplies are to be unloaded and screened . ”
09:59 ET : Greta Berlin , leader of Free Gaza , one of the flotilla ’s organizers , called Israeli claims that protesters grabbed the commandos ’ guns “ absurd “ : “ This was murder .
They can spin it any way they want .
We ’re the civilians and they are the military . ”
09:53 ET : LAT : “ Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon called the flotilla an ‘ armada of hate and violence . ' ”
09:42 ET : MSNBC : “ Al - Jazeera TV reported by telephone from the Turkish ship leading the flotilla that Israeli forces fired at the ship and boarded it , wounding the captain .
The broadcast ended with a voice shouting in Hebrew , ‘ Everybody shut up ! ' ”
09:41 ET : NBC : Eleven Americans were among the civilians aboard the ships , including a former ambassador and a former State Department official .
09:39 ET : The flotilla , comprised of 6 vessels with some 600 civilians aboard , rendezvoused in international waters off Cyprus on Sunday and set sail for Gaza , where it had been expected to arrive on Monday .
09:34 ET : From Reuters : “ A Reuters cameraman on the Israeli navy ship Kidon close to the six - vessel aid convoy said commanders monitoring the operation were surprised by the strong resistance put up by the pro-Palestinian activists . ”
09:30 ET : Signal jamming and Israeli military censorship make it difficult to independently verify what happened during the raid .
Israel says its commandos came under attack while boarding , and opened fire in self - defense , with some commandos jumping overboard into the water to save themselves .
09:28 ET : Among the some 600 civilians thought to be aboard the vessels in the flotilla were 1976 Nobel Peace Prize laureate , Mairead Corrigan - Maguire of Northern Ireland , and a Holocaust survivor , Hedy Epstein , 85 .
09:26 ET : The Arab League called an emergency session for Tuesday to address the attack .
09:23 ET : Calling the raid “ an inhuman act , ” Iran President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said , “ All in all , these ( actions ) only bring closer the end of the miserable and false regime ” in Israel .
09:20 ET : The U.N. Security Council could meet as soon as today to address the issue , diplomats told Reuters .
09:17 ET : Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc called Israel ’s actions “ piracy , ” and Turkey canceled three joint military training exercises .
Turkey , a member of the UN Security Council , also called for an emergency session of the council .
09:14 ET : Greece , Egypt , Sweden , Spain and Denmark summoned Israel ’s ambassadors demanding explanations for the violence .
Greece abruptly canceled a military exercise with Israel .
09:13 ET U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon : “ I am shocked by reports of killing of people in boats carrying supply to Gaza .
I heard the ships were in international water .
That is very bad . ”
09:11 ET : Senior Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat called the Israeli raid a “ war crime . ”
09:09 ET : In Istanbul , 10,000 protesters marched from the Israeli consulate chanting : “ Murderous Israel you will drown in the blood you shed ! ”
09:02 ET : In addition to the dead , the Israeli military said numerous activists and five soldiers were injured .
08:59 ET : Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon blamed the activists for the violence .
Israel said the activists fired guns at and wielded knives against the commandos as they boarded .
08:58 ET : In declaring three days of mourning for the dead , Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said : “ What Israel has committed on board the Freedom Flotilla was a massacre . ”
08:53 ET : The death toll among the activists stands at 10 , though it is believed to be higher .
Turkey , which backed the convoy , recalled its ambassador from Israel .
The United States “ deeply regrets the loss of life and injuries sustained , ” according to a White House statement .
President Obama was already scheduled to meet Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Tuesday at the White House .
Obama is also scheduled to receive Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on June 9 .
The EU has demanded an inquiry into the incident .
France and Germany said they were “ shocked . ”
The UN condemned violence against civilians in international waters .
FOLLOW @USATODAYHEALTH
FOLLOW @USATODAYHEALTH
Sexsomnia — having sex while asleep — is a common complaint of patients seeking treatment for sleep disorders , new research shows .
Nearly 8 % of patients referred to a sleep disorders clinic reported they had initiated or taken part in sexual behavior while sleeping .
Men accounted for three - quarters of the self - reported sexsomniacs .
" We were surprised at how common it was , " said study author Sharon Chung , a staff scientist in the Sleep Research Laboratory at the University Health Network in Toronto .
" We thought we'd get just a handful of people , yet it was almost one in 12 . "
In the study , researchers asked 832 patients about sexual behavior while sleeping , which can range from masturbation to intercourse .
About 11 % of men and 4 % of women said they had engaged in " sleep sex . "
Researchers said the prevalence is probably lower in the general population .
Sexsomnia is a form of a sleep disorder called parasomnia , or unwanted behavior that occurs during sleep .
" An act of parasomnia can be as small as opening your eyes while fast asleep or grinding your teeth , to getting up and vacuuming , speaking , eating or having sex , " Chung said .
SLEEP DEPRIVED : Catching up on lost sleep a dangerous illusion Generally , people have no awareness of what they are doing and no recollection of it , Chung said .
Sexsomnia is more than a medical curiosity .
It has been used as a criminal defense in sexual assault cases .
In 2008 , a Toronto man was found not guilty of sexually assaulting a woman after the court heard evidence that the man had engaged in " sleep sex " with several former girlfriends , according to news reports .
Colin Shapiro , the senior author of the paper , was an expert witness in that case , Chung noted , which got the team wondering just how common sexsomnia really was .
What brings on sexsomnia is n't really understood , but about twice as many patients who reported sexsomnia had used illegal drugs ( 15.9 % vs. 7.7 % ) and were more likely to have consumed alcohol ( 41 % vs. 27 % ) .
People who had experienced sexsomnia reported problems with insomnia ( falling or staying asleep ) , fatigue and depression , although no more so than other patients at the sleep clinic .
Rates of caffeine consumption and smoking were also similar , according to the study .
People experiencing a parasomnia are not often violent ; they usually pose more of a threat to themselves , said Dr. Lisa Shives , medical director of Northshore Sleep Medicine in Evanston , Ill .
But there are rare cases in which people have killed someone and claimed they were sleeping and unaware of their actions .
The good news is that parasomnia , sexsomnia included , is treatable with medications including benzodiazepines , such as clonazepam , which is also used to treat epilepsy and anxiety disorders , Shives said .
Yet few patients bring the issue up with the doctors .
In the study , only four said they had previously told a medical professional about sexsomnia .
" Of the thousands of patients I 've seen , I 've never had someone come in complaining of sexsomnia , but I have always believed it 's a bona fide disorder , " Shives said .
" It 's a form of sleep walking .
When people are sleep walking , they may do any rote or instinctual behavior .
That can include walking , eating , driving and sexual activity . "
The reason patients do n't bring it up could be embarrassment , the fact that doctors rarely ask about it , or that patients are n't particularly bothered by it , Chung said .
" Is it a problem ?
As long as you do n't get into legal problems and as long as your partner does n't mind , it 's not a problem , " Chung said .
" Although it can leave you tired the next day . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
United States president Barack Obama is warning that the economic impact from the Gulf of Mexico oil spill will be " substantial " .
Mr Obama is trying to reassure Gulf coast residents that they will get through the oil spill crisis , but he warns there are tough times ahead .
" What is clear is that the economic impact of this disaster is going to be substantial and it's going to be ongoing , " he said .
The official in charge of the US government 's response to the oil spill , Thad Allen , says a cap on the ruptured oil well is collecting 11,000 barrels of oil a day , and that could soon increase to 20,000 .
But he says the effects of the spill will be felt for a long time .
" Dealing with the oil spill on the surface ... will [ take ] years , " he said .
The oil slick has now reached the shores of four states .
BP 's clean up costs have now topped more than $ 1.5 billion .
Darf ich mich vorstellen ?
Mein Name ist Hans Jürgen Kotz und ich bin Ihr Rechtsanwalt für Arbeitsrecht in Kreuztal bei Siegen .
Ich bin als Gründer der Rechtsanwaltskanzlei Kotz im schönen Kreuztal im Kreis Siegen - Wittgenstein seit 1983 als Rechtsanwalt und Fachanwalt für Arbeitsrecht im Großraum Siegen , aber auch bundesweit , tätig .
Zusammen mit meinem Sohn Rechtsanwalt und Notar Dr. Christian
Kotz habe ich unserer Kanzlei einen guten Namen weit über das Siegerland hinaus gemacht .
Unsere weiteren Fachbereiche
Neben einer Fachanwaltschaft im Arbeitsrecht verfügen wir auch über Fachanwaltschaften im Verkehrsrecht und im Versicherungsrecht .
Ebenso ist mein Sohn Dr. Christian Kotz auch als Notar mit Amtssitz in Kreuztal tätig .
Neben diesen Fachgebieten haben sich im Laufe der Zeit zahlreiche Tätigkeitsschwerpunkte entwickelt .
So gehören zu unseren weiteren „ Lieblingsthemen “ bei unserer Tätigkeit als Anwalt ebenso Rechtsgebiete wie das Mietrecht , Baurecht , Erbrecht , Familienrecht , Sozialrecht , Medizinrecht , Internetrecht und das Steuerrecht .
Natürlich können wir Sie auch zu allen anderen Rechtsbereichen fachlich kompetent beraten und bei Bedarf zuverlässig vertreten .
Das Angebot an Informationen auf unserer Webseite
Auf dieser Webseite möchten wir uns jedoch vorrangig mit arbeitsrechtlichen Themen befassen .
Sie finden auf den folgenden Seiten zahlreiche Urteile und Artikel zu den verschiedensten Aspekten der Arbeitswelt .
Zu vielen
Themen gibt es bereits ein Urteil , welches Sie entweder hier oder in unserer umfassenden Urteilsdatenbank nachlesen können .
Neben relevanten Urteilen bieten wir Ihnen auch weiteres kostenloses Informationsmaterial , wie Infoflyer mit den wichtigstens Informationen zum ausdrucken , diverse Ratgeber Beiträge zu arbeitsrechtlichen Themen , Videos und vieles mehr .
The Devils began formal contract talks with potential restricted free - agent David Clarkson yesterday , according to Bergen Record reporter Tom Gulitti .
Clarkson is being represented by his agent , Pat Morris , in the talks .
With the hiring of John MacLean last week , Devils ’ general manager Lou Lamoriello has been able to begin trying to sign free agents .
Lamoriello would like to make an offer to all the team ’s restricted free agents , but stressed the priority in re-signing Clarkson .
“ [ Clarkson is ] a Group 2 free agent that we have to re-sign , ” Lamoriello said to Gulitti .
Clarkson was excited to here that his signing is a priority .
“ That ’s good to hear , ” Clarkson said .
“ I have a lot of respect for Mr. Lamoriello .
All I can do it wait , but I ’ve worn that Devils ’ jersey for three and a half years .
That ’s the jersey I ’ll always want to wear .
I love playing there .
The fans have been good to me .
He ’s been good to me .
I really enjoy myself there . ”
Usually , general managers and agents get together during the NHL draft , which begins this Friday ( round one ) and continues on Saturday ( rounds two through seven ) .
Clarkson also expressed excitement for possibly playing under MacLean this season .
“ I was happy to see John MacLean get picked as the coach , ” Clarkson said .
“ That ’s a positive thing I think for the organization .
When he was ( an assistant ) , he would pull me aside and help me and he was very understanding of the players .
He ’d go out and tell you what you could do better .
But I just think he ’s going to be a very good head coach and I thought it was a real positive when I heard the news .
Especially having Larry Robinson back ( as an assistant coach ) was just amazing because he ’s such a nice guy . ”
If the Devils cannot re-sign Clarkson by noon on July 1 , he then becomes a restricted free agent with arbitration rights .
He would have until 5 p.m. on July 5 to file for arbitration .
Clarkson ’s restricted status allows the Devils would have the ability to match any offer from another team .
A few weeks ago , I put up a post debating what the worth of Clarkson would be to the organization .
With the cap increasing to $ 59.4 million , I would n’t be surprised to see Clarkson get a raise and a two or three year deal .
I think Clarkson has some solid potential , but the ankle injuries derailed him last season .
Lamoriello wo n’t break the bank , but I think we ’ll see him get a slight increase from his $ 875,000 he made last season .
Take this quiet woman , she has been standing before a polishing wheel for over three hours , and she lacks twenty minutes before she can take a lunch break .
Is she a woman ?
Consider the arms as they press the long brass tube against the buffer , they are striated along the triceps , the three heads of which clearly show .
Consider the fine dusting of dark down above the upper lip , and the beads of sweat that run from under the red kerchief across the brow and are wiped away with a blackening wrist band in one odd motion a child might make to say No !
No !
You must come closer to find out , you must hang your tie and jacket in one of the lockers in favor of a black smock , you must be prepared to spend shift after shift hauling off the metal trays of stock , bowing first , knees bent for a purchase , then lifting with a gasp , the first word of tenderness between the two of you , then you must bring new trays of dull unpolished tubes .
You must feed her , as they say in the language of the place .
Make no mistake , the place has a language , and if by some luck the power were cut , the wheel slowed to a stop so that you suddenly saw it was not a solid object but so many separate bristles forming in motion a perfect circle , she would turn to you and say , " Why ? "
Not the old why of why must I spend five nights a week ?
Just , " Why ? "
Even if by some magic you knew , you would n't dare speak for fear of her laughter , which now you have anyway as she places the five tapering fingers of her filthy hand on the arm of your white shirt to mark you for your own , now and forever .
Bon Temps is like one big bad luck machine , endlessly assembling a little more trouble than its residents can bear .
It ’s been eight months for us , but mere seconds for our fang - banging friends , and still everyone ’s the worse for the wear .
Bill ’s getting carved up in the backseat of a Beamer .
Sookie never got a chance to say yes .
Jessica ’s trying reanimation techniques .
Sam ’s searching for his maker .
Tara ’s distraught .
Lafayette can’t console her .
Eric ’s being questioned by the magistrar .
And Jason ca n’t sex his way out of this one .
The hour went by in a blur of action , hamstrung by some catch - up Q&As on last season .
All told , the premiere was a reminder that when done right , True Blood ’s bag of tricks — dream sequences that read like fan fiction , biting social satire played with sitcom timing , gross out gore , id - channeling sexcapades , camp to shame John Waters — can make for a rollicking hour of television , especially when anchored by pathetically human emotions like loss , guilt , regret , and fear .
Plus , thanks to Andy Bellefleur , we already have a new motto for the summer : “ Conscience off , dick on , and everything gonna ’s be alright . ”
Search Party
Sookie ’s enlisting everyone she can to find Bill ’s kidnappers , but even the sheriff ’s office is all judge -y about why she let him sweat for a minute after he proposed .
She makes her way over to Fangtasia in no mood for Pam ’s “ lesbian weirdness ” and , oh my , it ’s Eric ’s naked backside .
“ Sookie , ” he says without turning his head from the club ’s newest Estonian import Yvetta ( Playboy cover girl Natasha Alam ) , in flagrante ( and in chains ) .
Unphased by the full frontal , Sookie demands that Eric tell her where exactly he was six hours ago — basically setting up him for a joke about Bill ’s stamina .
Eric says it was n’t him ( in fact , his kidnappers got there after the cops showed up . )
He offers to help her find Billl “ even if I do want what is his , ” then gives Sookie ’s lavender number a heavy - lidded onceover .
This time , she has no comeback .
Address in hand , Sam ’s headed to Arkansas to try to find his biological family .
While he ’s rifling through the phone book , a shirtless Bill knocks on his motel door in need of a shirt and shower , and asks if Sam wants to join .
“ I hear the water in Arkansas is very hard . ”
Woah … what the … will they … damn it , another dream sequence .
We ca n’t have been the only ones who suddenly found Bill gobs more attractive .
In any case , Sam follows the brother he never knew home from the chop shop .
Careful , it does n’t look like your folks want to be found .
Booty count :
One thwarted ( potentially explosive ) shirtless dream kiss .
One shower scene denied .
One act of voyeurism .
One playmate , in the dungeon , with a vampire .
( Cross - promotional deal with the makers of Clue ? )
Denial
Eric has bigger problems than his crush on Sookie or whether Bill knows that he and the queen are in cohoots to sell V .
The queen stops by Fangtasia ( dressed like a nouveau riche Muscovite ) with the magistrar .
Judging by the amount of V on the black market and the fact that no vampires have been reported missing , the magistrar ’s onto the fact his own kind is supplying the trade .
Eric and Zeljko Ivanek as the magistrar do their part admirably , but no one needs special powers to tell that queen is lying when she says she ’s not involved .
Evan Rachel Wood was so good in Thirteen .
What happened ?
After the magistrar leaves , she tells Eric the best way not to get caught is to quickly unload the merchandise .
Besides , she needs to pay off some back taxes .
Seems like an awful lot of bureaucracy to contend with for the undead .
Could n’t she just glamour the IRS agent ?
Jessica finds a bouquet of flowers waiting for her on the verandah .
Too bad she has to deal with the half - dead trucker she dragged home from the rest stop first .
She tries to revive him with her blood .
Too late , the corpse is already starting to stink .
Bite count : One — Jessica biting herself .
Body count :
One misogynist trucker .
Crossing our fingers that the queen ’s next .
Anger
When we catch up with Bill , he ’s trapped in the backseat of a getaway car with some pretty kinky redneck bikers who do n’t waste any time carving him up for hits of his blood .
“ Oh shit , ” says their leader , “ I got vamp - er juice on my touring gloves . ”
When the guy in the front ca n’t reach , one of the fellows in the back spits some in his mouth .
There ’s something not quite human about their appetites , although in general we do appreciate the symmetry of bloodsuckers being fed on for their blood .
We do n’t get any clues about who hired the “ Fuck You Crew , ” but while they ’re high and unhinged , Bill escapes and finds an old lady to refuel with .
Nice try , but just because her grandchildren do n’t call her and he “ glamours ” her into thinking they did , does n’t mean he ’s a good guy .
Shoving cash in her hand on his way out the door made it even more parasitic .
With Grandma ’s help , Bill figures out he ’s in Mississippi ( cue the howling ) and it is n’t long before he ’s surrounded by a pack of snarling wolves .
The same guys from the car , but transformed ?
Hey , did you know a vampire can summon any other vampire they ’ve sired with a quick shudder , followed by a nausea - induced - GPS to their last known location ?
Us neither !
Jessica uses
Bill ’s call to her to track him down to that crashed car , where she runs the dead biker ’s neck tattoo through some symbology app on her smartphone .
Turns out it ’s the sign for “ Operation Werewolf ” ( in real life , a Nazi propaganda force operating behind enemy lines at the end of World War II ) .
Swell , more rhetoric about keeping the bloodlines pure .
At some point did they become actual wolves ?
Body count :
One or more dead , gross Operation Werewolfers
Bite count :
One sad , glamoured Gran .
Bargaining
And what of Eggs ’ real killer ?
Andy warns Jason that their story about shooting Tara ’s boyfriend in self - defense has too many holes it .
He ’ll have to go about business as usual if he does n’t want to arouse suspicion .
“ Oh shit , man , ” Andy Jason pleads , “ Why ’d you tell him a story with holes in it ? ”
At some point , Sookie ’s telepathic powers are going to throw a wrench in their plans .
But for now , Jason follows
Andy ’s advice toward what sounds like a soft - core porn plot : two nubile NYU graduates on their way to California to become vets .
Once they ’re back at his place , it ’s hard for him to concentrate what with the imaginary bullet hole he can’t stop seeing in the center of her head .
Jason tries calling in her friend for reinforcement .
“ I ca n’t believe I ’m doing this again ! ” she squeals , peeling off her shirt .
It ’s no use .
He ca n’t shake the image .
Pam makes the rounds of Merlotte ’s walk - in freezer to drop off all that extra V for Lafayette to unload .
He calls her a hooker , and lives to regret it .
Normally we leave naming an episode winner up to the Real Housewives recap franchise .
But if we did , the prize would undoubtedly go to Eric ’s episode - stealing number two .
How do we adore thee Pamela ?
Let us count the ways .
One for your latex - for - dungeon , Greenwich - for - errands outfit changes .
Two for your sarcasm .
Three because you could n’t care less .
Booty count :
One unsuccessful act of fellatio , one co-ed naked makeout sesh ( bullet holes imaged ) , one abandoned threesome .
Depression
Our first time back at Merlotte ’s is in the middle of a comedy of manners .
Tara does n’t like that Arlene ’s marveling at the wonders of local law enforcement when Eggs was just zipped into a body bag .
“ I ’m sorry you fell in love with a serial killer , alright .
But honestly , who has n’t ? ”
Good point , Arlene .
Tara says he was n’t responsible for those deaths , even if he confessed , but Arlene ’s not buying it .
“ Oh why , because of society ?
Because of racism ? ”
No actually , because a Maenad made him do it .
Before Tara can start another round of fight club , Lafayette pushes her out the door and grabs a bottle on the way .
“ We ’re gonna steal this tequila over here , but I doubt that ’d surprise any of ya’ll . ”
Just how messed up is Tara over Eggs ’ death ?
Well for once in her life she ’s actually asking for her mama , then lays there senseless while Lettie Mae and the reverend preach about god ’s great plan .
Tara ’s eyes look even deader than when she was one of Maryann ’s zombies , and it is n’t long before she ’s chugging Klonopin in the bathroom .
Body count : One ( no doubt unsuccessful ) suicide attempt
More Recaps :
Television Without Pity thinks Sookie ’s suddenly awesome , Bill ’s suddenly hot , Pam ’s suddenly a superstar , and Eric ’s suddenly out - of - control .
The L.A. Times agreed with us about the fun part and likes it better when the show ’s universe expands .
MTV ’s Hollywood Crush called it one of the most memorable episodes to date .
Amir Alexander Duel at Dawn : --> reviewed by Martin Gardner -->
T he title of Amir Alexander ’s new book ( his second ) and the beautiful unidentified landscape painting on its jacket , refer to an early dawn duel on a deserted street in Paris .
On May 30 , 1892 .
Éveraste Galois , a brilliant young mathematician who pioneered the study of groups , a branch of abstract algebra , was killed in a ridiculous pistol duel over a woman .
The duel was so little newsworthy that to this day no one knows for sure who shot Galois in the stomach and left him to die .
He was twenty .
As soon as Galois was buried , a legend formed about him .
He became a martyr unjustly scorned by the French establishment , a scorn that contributed to his poverty and early death .
This myth found its ...
I 've always resisted , for good reason - not only because of South 's relative immaturity at the time , but also because forcing a single solution would , I think , not be a good thing in general .
( South , admittedly , has a few design issues , but it 's all about tradeoffs . )
However , last week at djangocon.eu , I revealed , in rapid - fire English ( apologies to non-native speakers for that , we 're working on time dilation ) my Grand Plan for the future of South and Django migrations in general , one that seems to have the approval of at least a few members of Django core .
The proposal is not , as some expected , to put South completely into Django core ; instead , South will be split into two parts .
One , the part that implements database abstraction , dependency resolution , and history tracking , would be put into Django itself .
The other part - autodetection , model freezing , and so forth , will remain as South .
( If you 'd like more in - depth details of the split , see my post to django - developers . )
The idea behind this is simple - take the parts of South that nearly any migration solution would need ( database abstraction especially ) , and move those into a place where they can be used easily by any migrations solution .
More interestingly , because the proposal describes a common idea of dependencies and of what a migration actually is , it means that migrations can be written such that they need no supporting framework at all , and can be just pure Python calls to the database APIs ( if Django ever ships any migrations , this is probably how they'd be done ) , raw SQL files ( with a version per database backend if needs be ) , or a Python file managed by a supporting library ( South 2.0 migrations ) , and that these different formats can all coexist , even on the same application .
Some might argue that such a solution is slightly restrictive , but I see it as the job of a framework to provide some level of consistency , and by doing this , it means reusable apps can ship with migrations written using the library of their choice ( or no supporting library , as the case may be ) .
What does this mean for South ?
Well , in the short term , South 1.0 will be released , being mainly a polishing - off release of 0.7 , and introducing a few new concepts ( like the " rebase " ) .
In the longer term , if my proposal meets with acceptance from the community ( but , more importantly , those illustrious figures that make up Django 's core developers ) , I 'll start work on a branch to move the relevant parts over and firm up some APIs , and it can hopefully be finished and production - ready in time for 1.4 .
At the same time , I 'll be cleaning up the South codebase to match , and will then release South 2.0 at the same time as the migration APIs are released with Django .
South 2.0 will , necessarily , only support that version of Django - previous versions will have to stick with South 1.0 , which will get maintenance fixes .
I 'll also ensure there 's a reasonably clean upgrade path from 1.0 to 2.0 .
So , I 'd love to hear your feedback and thoughts on my proposal .
The mailing list thread is probably a good place for constructive comments or criticism .
( Also , slides for my talk are available here , and there 's also a video . )
Famed mobile device emulator maker ZodTTD has announced his next project : A PlayStation emulator for Android .
After a 1,800 + person petition was signed to get him to port his iPhone project , he accepted He 's working with the author of NESoid and GameBoid on this new project , so there 's lots of talent going into this new one .
What you see above is not the final control layout , but controls can use the touchscreen , hard buttons ande ven the track ball .
Fullscreen is supported , but it wo n't be running at a high frame rate .
As for what phone is required , you 'll need Android 2.x , and they 're saying that you 'll need at least a Cortex A8 or Snapdragon ( any EVO 4G peeps out there ? ) to rock this .
ZodTTD says the emu is already running faster on the Nexus One that it is on the iPhone , and they 're still tweaking as we speak .
There 's no release date yet , but DigitalDisbeliever has some images from an early sneak peek to hold you over .
' A Muslim has no nationality except his belief , " the intellectual godfather of the Islamists , Egyptian Sayyid Qutb , wrote decades ago .
Qutb's " children " are everywhere now ; they carry the nationalities of foreign lands and plot against them .
The Pakistani born Faisal Shahzad is a devotee of Sayyid Qutb 's doctrine , and Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , the Fort Hood shooter , was another .
Qutb was executed by the secular dictatorship of Gamal Abdel Nasser in 1966 .
But his thoughts and legacy endure .
Globalization , the shaking up of continents , ...
Cd Isle ... home for some of the best Music on Vancouver Island & the Sunshine Coast
NOTICE
As of August 1st , 2020 our order processing will be disabled .
For purchases , please enquire at cdisle@telus.net .
A PayPal Money request will be sent to you .
Major Credit Cards accepted at PayPal
June 20 , 2010
https://www.lewrockwell.com/podcast/155-gold-oil-and-the-dollar/
Ron Paul in conversation with Lew Rockwell
Ron talks with Lew about gold ’s verdict on the dollar , how government helped bring on the oil spill , the Fed ’s machinations and the attempt to audit it , and the rotten foundations of the world financial system .
Yet amidst bad news , millions of young people are studying Austrian economics and libertarianism .
They know the crimes of the Fed , and why we need reform .
In any event , reform is coming , as the shaky greenback and world dollar system go down .
Meanwhile , independent voters want Ron for president against Obama and other Republicans .
GOP primary voters are a different matter .
Previous podcasts with Ron Paul :
Evidence for the existence of Earth ’s magnetic field has been pushed back about 250 million years , new research suggests .
The field may therefore be old enough to have shielded some of the planet 's earliest life from the sun ’s most harmful cosmic radiation .
Earth ’s magnetic field was born by 3.45 billion years ago , a team including researchers from the University of Rochester in New York and the University of KwaZulu - Natal in South Africa report in the March 5 issue of Science .
That date falls during life ’s earliest stages of development , between the period when the Earth was pummeled by interplanetary debris and when the atmosphere filled with oxygen .
Several earlier studies had suggested that a magnetic field is a necessary shield against deadly solar radiation that can strip away a planet ’s atmosphere , evaporate water and snuff out life on its surface .
“ I think it ’s a magnificent piece of work , a real landmark , ” says geophysicist David Dunlop of the University of Toronto , who was not involved in the research .
“ It pushes the boundary back about as far back as you could reasonably expect to measure on Earth . ”
The researchers measured the magnetic strength of certain rocks found in the Kaapvaal craton of South Africa , a geologic region known to date back more than 3 billion years .
Just finding old rocks was n’t enough , though .
“ It ’s a Goldilocks theory of finding rocks , ” says John Tarduno of the University of Rochester , a coauthor of the new study .
Iron minerals record the strength and direction of the magnetic field that was present during their formation .
But when rocks are heated in subsequent geological processes , they can lose or overwrite that record .
“ We had to find a rock that had just enough iron to record a magnetic signature , but not so much that it would be affected by later chemical changes , ” Tarduno says .
The Greenstone Belt in South Africa had rocks that were just right : crystals of quartz less than two millimeters long with nanometer - sized bits of iron - containing magnetite embedded in them .
“ Quartz is the perfect capsule , ” Tarduno says .
“ It ’s not affected by later events , but it has these [ iron ] inclusions in it . ”
Tarduno and his colleagues had studied similar rocks in 2007 and found that a magnetic field half as strong as today ’s was present 3.2 billion years ago .
Using a specially designed magnetometer and improved lab techniques , the team detected a magnetic signal in 3.45 - billion - year - old rocks that was between 50 and 70 percent the strength of the present - day field , Tarduno says .
“ When we think about the origin of life , there are two threads to follow , ” Tarduno says .
“ One obviously is water .
But you also have to have a magnetic field , because that protects the atmosphere from erosion and the complete removal of water . ”
Mars may be dry today because it lost its magnetic field early on , he adds .
To determine if the early magnetic field was enough to hold back the rain of radiation , the team needed to know what the sun was doing .
Tarduno and Eric Mamajek , an astronomer at the University of Rochester , used observations of young sunlike stars to infer how strong a solar wind the Earth was up against .
The young sun probably rotated more quickly than it does today , Tarduno says .
This quick rotation powered a strong magnetic field , which heated the sun ’s atmosphere and carried away mass and angular momentum in a strong solar wind of charged particles .
The team calculated that the point where the Earth ’s magnetic field cancels out the solar wind would be only about five Earth radii above the planet ’s center , less than half of the 10.7 radii it is today .
The amount of radiation regularly reaching Earth from the sun 3.45 billion years ago would be comparable to what rains down on the planet during the most powerful solar storms today , Tarduno says .
The aurora borealis , caused by solar wind particles accelerating along Earth ’s magnetic field , would have been visible as far south as present - day New York City .
The study “ can be used to guide our searches for other life - bearing planets ” as well , says astronomer Moira Jardine of the University of St. Andrews in Scotland .
Astronomers might want to focus more on older , less active stars or search for planets with their own magnetic fields , she says .
Despite the fact that no extrasolar planets with magnetic fields have ever been detected , Jardine and Tarduno remain optimistic .
“ It ’s just another parameter we need to think about , ” Tarduno says .
Images : 1 ) J. Tarduno , R. Cottrell .
2 ) NASA .
See Also :
The financial crisis that began nearly three years ago has caused great hardship for people in many parts of the world and represented the most profound challenge to central banks since the Great Depression .
Faced with unprecedented financial stresses and sharp contractions in economic activity , many central banks , including the Federal Reserve , responded with extraordinary measures .
In the United States , we lowered the federal funds rate target to a range of 0 to 1/4 percent to help mitigate the economic downturn ; we expanded the scale , scope , and maturity of our lending to provide needed liquidity to financial institutions and to address dislocations in financial markets ; we jointly established currency swap lines with foreign central banks ( including the Bank of Japan ) to ensure the global availability of dollar funding ; and we purchased a large quantity of longer - term securities to help improve the functioning of financial markets and support economic recovery .
1
Looking to the future , central banks around the world are working with their governments to prevent future crises by strengthening frameworks for financial regulation and supervision .
In undertaking financial reforms , it is important that we maintain and protect the aspects of central banking that proved to be strengths during the crisis and that will remain essential to the future stability and prosperity of the global economy .
Chief among these aspects has been the ability of central banks to make monetary policy decisions based on what is good for the economy in the longer run , independent of short - term political considerations .
Central bankers must be fully accountable to the public for their decisions , but both theory and experience strongly support the proposition that insulating monetary policy from short - term political pressures helps foster desirable macroeconomic outcomes and financial stability .
In my remarks today , I will outline the general case for central bank independence and review the evolution of the independence of the Federal Reserve and other major central banks .
I will also discuss the requirements of transparency and accountability that must accompany this independence .
The Case for Central Bank Independence
A broad consensus has emerged among policymakers , academics , and other informed observers around the world that the goals of monetary policy should be established by the political authorities , but that the conduct of monetary policy in pursuit of those goals should be free from political control .
2
This conclusion is a consequence of the time frames over which monetary policy has its effects .
To achieve both price stability and maximum sustainable employment , monetary policymakers must attempt to guide the economy over time toward a growth rate consistent with the expansion in its underlying productive capacity .
Because monetary policy works with lags that can be substantial , achieving this objective requires that monetary policymakers take a longer - term perspective when making their decisions .
Policymakers in an independent central bank , with a mandate to achieve the best possible economic outcomes in the longer term , are best able to take such a perspective .
In contrast , policymakers in a central bank subject to short - term political influence may face pressures to overstimulate the economy to achieve short - term output and employment gains that exceed the economy 's underlying potential .
Such gains may be popular at first , and thus helpful in an election campaign , but they are not sustainable and soon evaporate , leaving behind only inflationary pressures that worsen the economy 's longer - term prospects .
Thus , political interference in monetary policy can generate undesirable boom - bust cycles that ultimately lead to both a less stable economy and higher inflation .
Undue political influence on monetary policy decisions can also impair the inflation - fighting credibility of the central bank , resulting in higher average inflation and , consequently , a less - productive economy .
Central banks regularly commit to maintain low inflation in the longer term ; if such a promise is viewed as credible by the public , then it will tend to be self - fulfilling , as inflation expectations will be low and households and firms will temper their demands for higher wages and prices .
However , a central bank subject to short - term political influences would likely not be credible when it promised low inflation , as the public would recognize the risk that monetary policymakers could be pressured to pursue short - run expansionary policies that would be inconsistent with long - run price stability .
When the central bank is not credible , the public will expect high inflation and , accordingly , demand more - rapid increases in nominal wages and in prices .
Thus , lack of independence of the central bank can lead to higher inflation and inflation expectations in the longer run , with no offsetting benefits in terms of greater output or employment .
3
Additionally , in some situations , a government that controls the central bank may face a strong temptation to abuse the central bank 's money - printing powers to help finance its budget deficit .
Nearly two centuries ago , the economist David Ricardo argued : " It is said that Government could not be safely entrusted with the power of issuing paper money ; that it would most certainly abuse it .
… There would , I confess , be great danger of this , if Government -- that is to say , the ministers -- were themselves to be entrusted with the power of issuing paper money . " 4
Abuse by the government of the power to issue money as a means of financing its spending inevitably leads to high inflation and interest rates and a volatile economy .
These concerns about the effects of political interference on monetary policy are far from being purely theoretical , having been validated by the experiences of central banks around the world and throughout history .
In particular , careful empirical studies support the view that more - independent central banks tend to deliver better inflation outcomes than less - independent central banks , without compromising economic growth .5
In light of all these considerations , it is no mystery why so many observers have come to see central bank independence as a critical component of a sound macroeconomic framework , and economists have studied a variety of approaches to enhance the independence and credibility of monetary policymakers .
6
To be clear , I am by no means advocating unconditional independence for central banks .
First , for its policy independence to be democratically legitimate , the central bank must be accountable to the public for its actions .
As I have already mentioned , the goals of policy should be set by the government , not by the central bank itself ; and the central bank must regularly demonstrate that it is appropriately pursuing its mandated goals .
Demonstrating its fidelity to its mandate in turn requires that the central bank be transparent about its economic outlook and policy strategy , as I will discuss further in a moment .
Second , the independence afforded central banks for the making of monetary policy should not be presumed to extend without qualification to its nonmonetary functions .
For example , many central banks , including the Federal Reserve , have significant responsibilities for oversight of the banking system .
To be effective , bank regulators and supervisors also require an appropriate degree of independence ; in particular , the public must be confident that regulators ' decisions about the soundness of specific institutions are not unduly influenced by political pressures or lobbying .
But for a number of reasons , the nature and scope of the independence granted regulatory agencies is likely to be somewhat different than that afforded monetary policy .
In the conduct of its regulatory and supervisory activities , the central bank should enjoy a degree of independence that is no greater and no less than that of other agencies engaged in the same activities ; there should be no " spillover " from monetary policy independence to independence in other spheres of activity .
In practice , the Federal Reserve engages cooperatively with other agencies of the U.S. government on a wide range of financial and supervisory issues without compromising the independence of monetary policy .
The case for independence also requires clarity about the range of central bank activities deemed to fall under the heading of monetary policy .
Conventional monetary policy , which involves setting targets for short - term interest rates or the growth rates of monetary aggregates , clearly qualifies .
I would also include under the heading of monetary policy the central bank 's discount - window and lender - of - last - resort activities .
These activities involve the provision of short - term , fully collateralized loans to the financial system as a means of meeting temporary liquidity needs , reducing market dysfunctions , or calming financial panics .
As has been demonstrated during financial panics for literally hundreds of years , the ability of central banks to independently undertake such lending allows for a more rapid and effective response in a crisis .
On the other hand , as fiscal decisions are the province of the executive and the legislature , the case for independent lender - of - last - resort authority is strongest when the associated fiscal risks are minimal .
Requiring that central bank lending be fully secured , as is the case in the United States , helps to limit its fiscal implications .
Looking forward , the Federal Reserve supports measures that help further clarify the dividing line between monetary and fiscal responsibilities .
Notably , the development of a new statutory framework for the resolution of failing , systemically important firms is not only highly desirable as a means of reducing systemic risk , but it will also be useful in establishing the appropriate roles of the Federal Reserve and other agencies in such resolutions .
The issue of the fiscal - monetary distinction may also arise in the case of the nonconventional policy known as quantitative easing , in which the central bank provides additional support for the economy and the financial system by expanding the monetary base , for example , through the purchase of long - term securities .
Rarely employed outside of Japan before the crisis , central banks in a number of advanced economies have undertaken variants of quantitative easing in recent years as conventional policies have reached their limits .
In the United States , the Federal Reserve has purchased both Treasury securities and securities guaranteed by government - sponsored enterprises .
Although quantitative easing , like conventional monetary policy , works by affecting broad financial conditions , it can have fiscal side effects : increased income , or seigniorage , for the government when longer - term securities are purchased , and possible capital gains or losses when securities are sold .
Nevertheless , I think there is a good case for granting the central bank independence in making quantitative easing decisions , just as with other monetary policies .
Because the effects of quantitative easing on growth and inflation are qualitatively similar to those of more conventional monetary policies , the same concerns about the potentially adverse effects of short - term political influence on these decisions apply .
Indeed , the costs of undue government influence on the central bank 's quantitative easing decisions could be especially large , since such influence might be tantamount to giving the government the ability to demand the monetization of its debt , an outcome that should be avoided at all costs .
The Historical Evolution of Central Bank Independence
Support for the idea of central bank independence has evolved over time .
In the United States and many other countries , the historically high and volatile inflation rates in the 1970s and early 1980s prompted a reexamination of monetary policies and central bank practices .
Since that time , we have observed the confluence of two global trends : the widespread adoption of improved monetary policy practices and the virtual elimination of high inflation rates .
The improved policy practices prominently include a broad strengthening of central bank independence , increased transparency on the part of monetary policy committees , and the affirmation of price stability as a mandated goal for monetary policy .
Inflation targeting , in which the government sets a numerical target for inflation but assigns responsibility for achieving that target to the central bank , has become a widely used framework embodying these principles , but other similar monetary frameworks have also proved effective .
In recent years , the number of central banks with a relatively high degree of independence has steadily increased , and the experience of some major central banks testifies to the importance of that independence .
The Bank of England , one of the oldest central banks in the world , was essentially an agent of the British Treasury for a substantial part of the 20th century .
When the government announced on May 6 , 1997 , that the Bank of England would be reborn as an independent central bank , U.K .
Treasury bond yields fell sharply at longer maturities , likely reflecting a substantial decline in investors ' inflation expectations and their perceptions of inflation risk .
Moreover , several studies have shown that U.K. inflation expectations exhibited significantly greater stability in the years following independence .
7
Prior to the creation of the European Central Bank ( ECB ) in June1998 , independence was seen as such a crucial element that it was enshrined in the Maastricht Treaty , an international agreement that can only be changed by unanimous consent of its signatories .
The independence of the ECB has helped to keep euro - area inflation expectations firmly anchored .
8
The importance of central bank independence also motivated a 1997 revision to Japanese law that gave the Bank of Japan operational independence .
9
This revision significantly diminished the scope for the Ministry of Finance to influence central bank decisions , thus strengthening the Bank of Japan 's autonomy in setting monetary policy .
Although the Federal Reserve was established as an independent central bank in 1913 , its effective degree of independence has gradually increased over time .
Initially , the Secretary of the Treasury and the Comptroller of the Currency sat on the Board ; they were removed when the current structure of the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) was introduced with the Banking Act of 1935 .
The act also extended the terms of Board members from 10 years to 14 years ; the long , staggered terms of Board members have also served as a brake on political influence .
During World War II , the Federal Reserve agreed to peg Treasury yields at low levels to reduce the cost of financing wartime deficits .
After the war , the Fed sought to resume an independent monetary policy , fearing the inflationary consequences of continued political control , but the Treasury was still intent on containing the cost of servicing the debt .
The conflict was resolved in 1951 through the negotiation of the Treasury - Federal Reserve Accord , as it came to be known .
The accord reestablished the Federal Reserve 's ability to freely set interest rates , but with active consultation between the Fed and Treasury .
It was only by the amendment of the Federal Reserve Act in 1977 that the Fed 's current objectives of maximum employment and stable prices were specified by the Congress .10 A clear mandate of this kind is a key pillar of central bank independence .
Over the years , a consensus developed among U.S. political leaders that the Federal Reserve 's independence in making monetary policy is critical to the nation 's prosperity and economic stability .
In 1978 , the Congress formally recognized this principle by approving a provision that exempts monetary policy , discount window operations , and the Fed 's interactions with other central banks from Government Accountability Office policy reviews .
In 1979 , President Carter appointed Paul Volcker chairman of the Federal Reserve with the expectation that Volcker would strengthen the central bank 's inflation - fighting credibility , even though those steps would likely involve short - term economic and political costs .
Subsequently , President Reagan 's support for Volcker 's politically unpopular disinflationary policies and for the principle of Federal Reserve independence proved crucial to the ultimate victory over inflation , a victory that set the stage for sustained growth .11 Presidents and other U.S. political leaders have since then regularly testified to the benefits of an independent Federal Reserve .
For instance , President Clinton said in 2000 , " [ O ]ne of the hallmarks of our economic strategy has been a respect for the independence and the integrity of the Federal Reserve .
" 12 President Bush noted in 2005 , " It 's this independence of the Fed that gives people not only here in America[ , ] but the world , confidence .
"
13 And President Obama said in August 2009 , " We will continue to maintain a strong and independent Federal Reserve . "
14
Transparency and Accountability
Central bank independence is essential , but , as I have noted , it can not be unconditional .
Democratic principles demand that , as an agent of the government , a central bank must be accountable in the pursuit of its mandated goals , responsive to the public and its elected representatives , and transparent in its policies .
Transparency regarding monetary policy in particular not only helps make central banks more accountable , it also increases the effectiveness of policy .
Clarity about the aims of future policy and about how the central bank likely would react under various economic circumstances reduces uncertainty and -- by helping households and firms anticipate central bank actions -- amplifies the effect of monetary policy on longer - term interest rates .
The greater clarity and reduced uncertainty , in turn , increase the ability of policymakers to influence economic growth and inflation .
15
Over the years , the Federal Reserve -- like many central banks around the world -- has taken significant steps to improve its transparency and accountability .
Policymakers give frequent speeches and testimonies before the Congress on the economic situation and on the prospects for policy , and the Federal Reserve submits an extensive report to the Congress twice each year on the economy and monetary policy .
16 The FOMC , the Fed 's monetary policymaking arm , releases a statement after each of its meetings that explains the Committee 's policy decision and reports the vote on that decision .
The FOMC also publishes the minutes of each meeting just three weeks after the meeting occurs and provides , with a lag , full meeting transcripts .
In addition , the FOMC has begun providing the public a quarterly summary of Committee participants ' forecasts of key economic variables and , more recently , their assessments of the longer - run values to which these variables would be expected to converge over time .
17 The information released by the FOMC provides substantial grist for the activities of legions of " Fed watchers " who analyze all aspects of monetary policy in great detail .
Apart from traditional monetary policy , the Federal Reserve 's response to the financial crisis has involved a range of new policy measures , about which the Fed has provided extensive information .
For example , the Board has regularly published detailed information about the Federal Reserve 's balance sheet and the special liquidity facilities that were introduced .
We created a section on our website devoted to these issues and initiated a regular monthly report as well .
18
And we are committed to exploring new ways to enhance the Federal Reserve 's transparency without compromising our mandated monetary policy and financial stability objectives .
19
Conclusion
As a result of the crisis , countries around the world are implementing significant financial and regulatory reforms .
Such reforms that reduce the chance of a future crisis and that mitigate the effects of any crisis that does occur are worthy of our full support .
As we move along the path of reform , however , it is crucial that we maintain the ability of central banks to make monetary policy independently of short - term political influence .
In exchange for this independence , central banks must meet their responsibilities for transparency and accountability .
At the Federal Reserve , we will continue to work to facilitate public understanding of both our monetary policy decisions and our actions to ensure the soundness of the financial system .
References
Alesina , Alberto ( 1988 ) .
" Macroeconomics and Politics , " in Stanley Fischer , ed. , NBER Macroeconomics Annual , vol. 3 ( September ) .
Cambridge , Mass. : MIT Press , pp.13 -52 .
Alesina , Alberto , and Roberta Gatti ( 1995 ) .
" Independent Central Banks : Low Inflation at No Cost ? "
The American Economic Review , vol. 85 ( 2 ) , pp.196-200 .
Alesina , Alberto , and Lawrence H. Summers ( 1993 ) .
" Central Bank Independence and Macroeconomic Performance : Some Comparative Evidence , " Journal of Money , Credit and Banking , vol. 25 ( May ) , pp. 151-62 .
Alvarez , Scott ( 2009 ) .
" Federal Reserve Transparency , " testimony before the Committee on Financial Services , U.S. House of Representatives , September 25 .
Barro , Robert J. , and David B. Gordon ( 1983 ) .
" A Positive Theory of Monetary Policy in a Natural Rate Model , " Journal of Political Economy , vol. 91 ( August ) , pp. 589-610 .
Beechey , Meredith , Benjamin Johannsen , and Andrew Levin ( 2008 ) .
" Are Long - Term Inflation Expectations More Firmly Anchored in the Euro Area Than in the United States ? " Finance and Economics Discussion Series 2008 - 23 .
Washington : Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , May .
Bernanke , Ben ( 2007 ) .
" Central Bank Commitment and Communication , " speech delivered at the Cato Institute 25th Annual Monetary Conference , Washington , November 14 .
Bernanke , Ben ( 2009 ) .
" The Federal Reserve 's Balance Sheet : An Update , " speech delivered at Federal Reserve Board Conference on Key Developments in Monetary Policy , Washington , October 8 .
Bush , George W. ( 2005 ) .
" The President 's News Conference , " October 4 .
In John T. Woolley and Gerhard Peters , eds .
The American Presidency Project , website .
Calvo , Guillermo A. ( 1978 ) .
" On the Time Consistency of Optimal Policy in Monetary Economy , " Econometrica , vol. 46 ( November ) , pp. 1411 - 28 .
Castelnuovo , Efrem , Sergio Nicoletti-Altimari , and Diego Rodríguez Palenzuela ( 2003 ) .
" Definition of Price Stability , Range and Point Inflation Targets : The Anchoring of Long - Term Inflation Expectations ( 1.8 MB PDF ) , " in Otmar Issing , ed. , Background Studies for the ECB 's Evaluation of its Monetary Policy Strategy .
Frankfurt : European Central Bank , pp. 43-90 .
Clinton , William J. ( 2000 ) .
" Remarks on the Renomination of Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan and an Exchange with Reporters , " January 4 .
In John T. Woolley and Gerhard Peters , eds .
The American Presidency Project , website .
Cukierman , Alex ( 1992 ) .
Central Bank Strategies , Credibility , and Independence : Theory and Evidence .
Cambridge , Mass. : MIT Press .
Cukierman , Alex , Pantelis Kalaitzidakis , Lawrence H. Summers , and Steven B. Webb ( 1993 ) .
" Central Bank Independence , Growth , Investment , and Real Rates , " Carnegie - Rochester Conference Series on Public Policy , vol. 39 ( 1 ) , pp. 95-140 .
Cukierman , Alex , Geoffrey P. Miller , and Bilin Neyapti ( 2002 ) .
" Central Bank Reform , Liberalization and Inflation in Transition Economies -- An International Perspective , " Journal of Monetary Economics , vol. 49 ( 2 ) , 237-64 .
Cukierman , Alex , Steven B. Webb , and Bilin Neyapti ( 1992 ) .
" Measuring the Independence of Central Banks and Its Effect on Policy Outcomes , " World Bank Economic Review , vol . 6 ( 3 ) , 353-98 .
Grilli , Vittorio , Donato Masciandaro , and Guido Tabellini ( 1991 ) .
" Political and Monetary Institutions and Public Finance Policies in the Industrial Countries , " Economic Policy , vol. 6 ( 13 ) , pp. 342-92 .
Gürkaynak , Refet S. , Andrew Levin , and Eric T. Swanson ( 2006 ) .
" Does Inflation Targeting Anchor Long -Run Inflation Expectations ?
Evidence from Long - Term Bond Yields in the U.S. , U.K. , and Sweden , " Centre for Economic Policy Research Discussion Paper 5808 .
London : Centre for Economic Policy Research , August .
Kydland , Finn E. , and Edward C. Prescott ( 1977 ) .
" Rules Rather Than Discretion : The Inconsistency of Optimal Plans , " Journal of Political Economy , vol. 85 ( June ) , pp. 473-92 .
Obama , Barack ( 2009 ) .
" Remarks by President Obama and Ben Bernanke at the Nomination of Ben Bernanke for Chairman of the Federal Reserve , " speech delivered at Oak Bluffs School Filing Center , Oak Bluffs , Mass. , August 25 .
Persson , Torsten , and Guido Tabellini ( 1993 ) .
" Designing Institutions for Monetary Stability , " Carnegie - Rochester Conference Series on Public Policy , vol. 39 ( 1 ) , pp.53 - 84 .
Reagan , Ronald ( 1982 ) .
" The President 's News Conference , " February 18 , in John T. Woolley and Gerhard Peters , eds .
The American Presidency Project , website .
Ricardo , David ( 1824 ) .
" Plan for the Establishment of a National Bank . "
Reprinted in J.R. McCulloch , ed. The Works of David Ricardo -- With a Notice of the Life and Writings of the Author .
London : John Murray , 1871 .
Page reference is to the 1871 edition .
Rogoff , Kenneth ( 1985 ) .
" The Optimal Degree of Commitment to an Intermediate Monetary Target , " Quarterly Journal of Economics , vol . 100 ( 4 ) , 1169 - 89 .
Waller , Christopher J. , and Carl E. Walsh ( 1996 ) .
" Central - Bank Independence , Economic Behavior , and Optimal Term Lengths , " American Economic Review , vol. 86 ( 5 ) , 1139 - 53 .
Walsh , Carl ( 2003 ) .
Monetary Theory and Policy .
Cambridge , Mass. : MIT Press .
Woodford , Michael ( 2005 ) .
" Central Bank Communication and Policy Effectiveness ( 307 KB PDF ) , " in The Greenspan Era : Lessons for the Future , proceedings of the 2005 Economic Symposium ( Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City , Aug. 25 - 27 ) pp. 399-474 .
1 . The currency swap lines were reinstated with several foreign central banks recently in response to financial disruptions associated with stresses in Europe .
See Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ( 2010 ) , " Federal Reserve , European Central Bank , Bank of Canada , Bank of England , and Swiss National Bank Announce Re-establishment of Temporary U.S. Dollar Liquidity Swap Facilities , " press release , May 9 ; and Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ( 2010 ) , " FOMC Authorizes Re-establishment of Temporary U.S. Dollar Liquidity Swap Arrangement with the Bank of Japan , " press release , May 10 .
Return to text
2 . A useful distinction is that between " goal independence " and " instrument independence . "
Goal independence for central banks -- the freedom of the central bank to set its own goals -- is difficult to justify in a democratic society , but , as I will argue today , instrument independence -- the ability of the central bank to determine the appropriate settings of monetary policy without interference -- is vital for economic stability .
Return to text
3 . This problem is known in the technical literature as the " time - inconsistency " problem ; this literature was pioneered by Kydland and Prescott ( 1977 ) and Calvo ( 1978 ) .
This problem is analyzed in the context of monetary policy by Barro and Gordon ( 1983 ) .
Return to text
4. Ricardo ( 1824 , p. 506 ) .
Return to text
5 . See , among others , Alesina ( 1988 ) ; Grilli , Masciandaro , and Tabellini ( 1991 ) ; Cukierman ( 1992 ) ; Cukierman , Webb , and Neyapti ( 1992 ) ; Alesina and Summers ( 1993 ) ; Cukierman , Kalaitzidakis , Summers , and Webb ( 1993 ) ; and Cukierman , Miller , and Neyapti ( 2002 ) .
Return to text
6. Rogoff ( 1985 ) suggested the appointment of a central banker predisposed toward keeping inflation low and stable as a solution to the time - inconsistency problem ; additional discussions are presented in Persson and Tabellini ( 1993 ) and Walsh ( 2003 , chapter 8 ) .
Alesina and Gatti ( 1995 ) and Waller and Walsh ( 1996 ) address how establishing an independent , nonpartisan central bank can help insulate monetary policy from political pressures .
Return to text
7. See , for instance , Castelnuovo , Altimari , and Rodriguez - Palenzuela ( 2003 ) ; and Gürkaynak , Levin , and Swanson ( 2006 ) .
Return to text
8. Beechey , Johannsen , and Levin ( 2008 ) find that long - run inflation expectations in the euro area are not significantly affected by surprises in macroeconomic data releases , suggesting that those expectations are well anchored .
Return to text
9 . The new Bank of Japan Act went into effect on April 1 , 1998 .
Return to text
10 . The Employment Act of 1946 established the objectives of " maximum employment , production , and purchasing power " for all federal agencies , whereas the 1977 amendment to the Federal Reserve Act gave the Federal Reserve the specific mandate of promoting " maximum employment , stable prices , and moderate long - term interest rates . "
Price stability requires that the central bank not attempt to drive employment above its sustainable level , and so in practice the Federal Reserve has interpreted its mandate to include maximum sustainable employment .
The goal of moderate long - term interest rates is frequently dropped from statements of the Federal Reserve 's mandate not because the goal is unimportant , but because moderate long - term interest rates are generally the byproduct of price stability .
Return to text
11 . For example , in February 1982 , President Reagan stated : " This administration will always support the political independence of the Federal Reserve Board . "
See Reagan ( 1982 ) .
Return to text
12 . See Clinton ( 2000 ) .
Return to text
13 . See Bush ( 2005 ) .
Return to text
14 . See Obama ( 2009 ) .
Return to text
15 . See Woodford ( 2005 ) .
Return to text
16 . See Monetary Policy Report to the Congress .
Return to text
17 . See Bernanke ( 2007 ) for a discussion .
Return to text
18 . For further information on the Federal Reserve 's balance sheet , see Bernanke ( 2009 ) and " Credit and Liquidity Programs and the Balance Sheet . "
Return to text
19 . See , for example , Bernanke ( 2007 ) and Alvarez ( 2009 ) .
Return to text
It has already been two years since we ’ve first released Phusion Passenger .
Time sure flies and we ’ve come a long way since then .
We were the first to implement a working Ruby web app deployment solution that integrates seamlessly in the web server , and all the features that we ’ve developed over time – smart spawning and memory reduction , upload buffering , Nginx support , etc – have served us for a long time .
Nevertheless , it is time to say goodbye to the old Phusion Passenger 2.2 codebase .
In the past we had focused primarily on three things :
Ease of use .
Stability .
Robustness .
Notice that “ performance ” is not on the above list .
We strived to make Phusion Passenger “ fast enough ” , e.g. not ridiculously slower than the alternatives .
Lately it would appear that competitors are once again focusing on performance .
We can of course not afford to stay behind .
We ’ve been working on Phusion Passenger 3 for a while now .
Today we will begin unveiling the technology behind this new major Phusion Passenger version .
This blog post is the first of the multiple technology previews to come .
The performance test
It ’s not very useful to benchmark Phusion Passenger performance using a Rails application because most of the time is spent in Rails and the application itself .
Therefore we ’ll benchmark with a simple Rack application .
Consider the following hello world Rack application :
app = proc do |env| [ 200 , { " Content - Type " => " text / html " } , [ " hello world
" ] ] end run app
How fast does this run on Phusion Passenger 2.2 ?
Operating system : OS X Snow Leopard
ab -c 25 -n 10000 http://rack.test/ , pool size 25
, pool size 25 Apache : 1628 req/sec
1628 req/sec Nginx : 1843 req/sec
Now let ’s look at Phusion Passenger 3 :
Operating system : OS X Snow Leopard
Apache : 2225 req/sec ; 36 % faster
2225 req/sec ; Nginx : 2864 req/sec ; 55 % faster
That ’s right , the Nginx version is over 50 % faster than 2.2 on OS X !
A graph is worth more than a thousand words
Suffice it to say , even though Phusion Passenger was already pretty fast , we believe we ’ve created some pretty significant improvements in terms of performance and it will be interesting to see how the final version of Phusion Passenger 3 will stack up against the competition .
Needless to say , we ’ve performed our own benchmarks already and have concluded that “ the self - proclaimed fastest deployment solution ” really is n’t the fastest deployment solution compared to Phusion Passenger 3 . 😉
That said , benchmarks are lies , lies , lies , damn lies of course and your mileage may definitely vary so we will encourage you to perform any kind of benchmark you ’d like when we release 3 .
For us , the most important issue still lies in the trade off of how much time you have to spend actually maintaining your setup , but as the graphs indicate , we ’ve made some pretty monstrous improvements to performance as well .
How did we do it ?
When it comes to optimizing software , there ’s the saying that 20 % of the code is responsible for 80 % of the time .
Not so with Phusion Passenger : we ’ve found that there were no obvious performance bottlenecks .
Even profilers turned out to be totally useless because all the times are so small and so close to each other .
Phusion Passenger was already pretty fast .
Instead , we optimized the hard way : with lots and lots of micro-optimizations .
2 % here , 3 % there , etc etc .
In other words , blood , sweat , tears and lots of sleepless nights .
The optimizations can be summed up as follows :
Reducing system calls System calls are pretty expensive compared to userspace computation .
They require a context switch to the kernel .
For example , all I /O operations ( read ( ) , write ( ) ) are system calls .
We ’ve performed an extensive code inspection and removed and coalesced a lot of redundant system calls .
The beginning of a zero -copy I/O architecture The CPU is very fast nowadays .
In fact it is so fast that RAM speed cannot keep up with the CPU .
This makes memory access very expensive .
In case of I / O intensive applications such as web servers , one would benefit from copying I /O data as little as possible .
In order to optimize memory access , we ’ve implemented the beginning of a zero - copy I/O architecture .
This architecture covers both the C++ and the Ruby parts of Phusion Passenger .
Less Ruby garbage production
The garbage collector in Ruby can be a significant bottleneck .
We ’ve heavily optimized the Ruby part of the request handler and reduced creation of Ruby objects to a minimum .
This made the request handler significantly faster in our tests .
Optimizing algorithms and optimizing Ruby code in C Some algorithms have been optimized , e.g. some O ( N ) algorithms have been replaced by O ( log N ) or O ( 1 ) algorithms .
Some key Ruby code has been replaced by C code .
The former did n’t give us a lot of performance because all the O( N ) algorithms were n’t doing a lot of work in the first place , but the latter gave us a much more noticeable boost .
Reducing context switches Phusion Passenger is heavily multithreaded and consists of multiple threads and service processes .
However , some communication between threads and processes required round trips , which caused more context switches than necessary .
We ’ve optimized our internal protocols and reduced context switching to a minimum .
The future
As stated in this blog post , this is just a glimpse of what we ’ve got in store for you and as you ’ve come to expect from us , we want to make sure that our findings will hold up in real life scenarios as well .
With close to two years of field testing with Phusion Passenger 2 , witnessing some of the most high demanding environments in web hosting of our clients , we ’ve been working for the last few months now on forging this experience back into Phusion Passenger 3 .
Through beta testing in these high - demand Rails environments , we hope to ensure that they will give you the best experience both in an enterprise environment as well as for your personal use .
Performance has been touched upon in this blog post , and in the coming period leading up to the release of Phusion Passenger 3 , we ’ll start to unveil bit by bit what we ’ve been tinkering on for the last few months .
In particular , we ’re looking forward how the zero - copy I/ O architecture will unfold in a real life scenario as well as the optimizations we ’ve performed over the last months .
Even though we ’re not done yet in terms of optimizing , we will likely hit a ceiling at some point where optimizations will get harder and harder and this in particular is true if you want to retain features such as ease of use that define Phusion Passenger .
One thing is for sure , we want this release to be nothing less than stunning so we encourage you to submit your wish list to us as well .
We ’ve likely implemented a lot of them already , but we just want to make sure that we ’re not missing anything .
Next Tuesday in Dallas , NFL owners will assemble for their annual spring meeting and consider having the 2014 Super Bowl in the open air and freezing cold of New York / New Jersey .
Although Tampa and South Florida are competing against New York , offering warmer climates and positive experiences from past Super Bowls , the New York bid is the favorite .
A Super Bowl in the new Meadowlands stadium that opens for the New York Giants and New York Jets this fall could help market unsold premium seats .
Former NFL commissioner Pete Rozelle preferred warm - weather , neutral sites for the league 's showcase event , but usually once a decade the league would steer a Super Bowl to a northern , cold - weather city with a domed stadium .
The thought of an open - air Super Bowl in February near Manhattan will be a hot topic next week .
But should this bid receive such a warm reception ?
ESPN.com 's John Clayton and Tim Graham debate the notion .
John Clayton :
While we can get into the football problems of this bid in a bit , let 's be blunt about two things .
First , it 's a bad idea .
Second , it 's going to happen because a Super Bowl in New York would help with the economics of this new stadium .
It 's big business .
When the choice is between cold , hard cash and being out in the cold , the cold - hard - cash side wins .
Where this idea leaves me chilled is how it affects the fans .
I remember being at the NFC Championship Game at Lambeau Field a couple years ago , when the temperatures were below zero and the wind chill at times got to 30 - below .
I did a stand - up for television and almost got frostbite .
The conditions were so cold that fans who bought two beers at a time and brought them to their seats had one beer frozen before they could take the first two sips of the beer in hand .
I still remember how red Tom Coughlin 's face was from being out in the freezing cold for three hours .
And that was in January .
A conference championship game in the cold is acceptable because the home fans are used to the conditions .
Imagine some San Diego fan flying east to see a Chargers Super Bowl in 2014 , paying more than $ 1,000 a ticket and needing to spend more on warm clothing ?
That brings chills down my spine .
Tim Graham : Without a doubt , John , this is about rewarding teams that are able to get stunning new arenas built .
Some $ 1.6 billion was spent to erect the new Meadowlands stadium , and the NFL knows the only way to encourage all of its franchises to pursue new stadiums or significant upgrades is to ramp up competition for Super Bowl bids .
You may view that as a carrot that should be jammed in the middle of Frosty 's white , powdery face , but the game is n't about the 82,500 people who will be sitting in the elements .
More than 106 million people watched the last Super Bowl and would have whether it was played in a dome , in the desert or on the International Space Station .
Even so , one of the competing bidders for the 2014 Super Bowl is South Florida .
Miami Dolphins CEO
Mike
Dee admitted to me at the NFL owners meetings a couple of months back that the new Meadowlands stadium " is a state - of - the - art , beautiful , world - class facility .
While it's an outdoor facility , it has a lot of interior club spaces and entertainment spaces for people to mill around .
So it 's not your conventional outdoor , northern facility . "
There are plans to heat the concourses and -- just in case -- to provide seat and hand warmers to everyone .
But I 'm not too concerned with the fans who would attend the game .
Scant few of those lucky enough to afford the tickets or merely have access to them will care .
Most go to the Super Bowl to witness an event .
A Super Bowl in the New York area would qualify as a blockbuster .
JC : I 'd rather refer to it as an " ice- blockbuster . ''
But is a Super Bowl a three - hour event or a two - week celebration ?
One of the things Rozelle mandated in coming up with the Super Bowl was a level playing field for both teams .
By level playing field , he meant having a warm - weather site that gave both teams a chance to succeed .
For the fans , he wanted a quality event .
I 'm sure he never fully envisioned how successful it would be as a corporate entity .
The reason the Super Bowl is n't played a week after the championship game is because the league wants to give fans a full chance to get to the Super Bowl city , enjoy the festivities and have a memorable experience .
If the Super Bowl is given to New York , I contend a lot of the high rollers will be in Tampa or South Florida , holding golf events during Super Bowl week and watching the game on television .
We saw that at the Minnesota Super Bowl and the two in Detroit .
What if there is a big snowfall in the 2014 Super Bowl ?
To have this game qualify as a blockbuster , you might have to hire the " Ice Road Trucker " guys to get fans to the stadium .
TG : Now hold on a moment .
Before you start breaking out Sir Ernest Shackleton references , the weather has n't been that bad in New York .
The 2014 Super Bowl likely will be played Feb .
2 . The Newark Star - Ledger listed the high and low temperatures for the past five years , and it has gotten above 45 three times and has gotten more than 1 degree below freezing once .
So we 're not talking arctic conditions here .
A level playing field is relative .
Back in Rozelle 's day , we did n't have a fraction of the technology that 's used to maintain these amazing synthetic fields .
We 're not going to have a reprise of the 1975 Raiders - Steelers AFC Championship Game , where the field was a sheet of ice .
And warmer locales are n't immune to weather problems .
There was a downpour in South Florida three years ago .
As for the idea there wo n't be as much to do as in South Florida , Arizona or another warm destination , are you telling me there 's no activity in New York ?
In addition to the usual array of diversions in the Big Apple , organizers plan to hold events at places such as Ellis Island , Liberty State Park and the Museum of Natural History .
Here 's what Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank said about the possibility of a Super Bowl in the Big Apple :
" You have to ask yourself , are people going to come for three or four or five days and deal with the elements ?
Are people prepared to come to New York and deal with cold weather ?
Without a Super Bowl , they do it now . "
JC : Let 's put things in perspective here .
You made the decision to leave the warmth of South Florida in the past year to be embraced by the chill of Buffalo .
You wanted to wear the heavy coat , gloves and snow boots .
As you know , I 'm a Pittsburgh guy who lives in Seattle , but I do n't miss the snow .
But let 's move from the Weather Channel debate to the football field .
You would have to concede the on - field product for this game will be different in an outdoor venue in the East in February .
More and more , the NFL is becoming a quarterback - driven league that excites its fans with passing offenses more than running offenses .
You cover an AFC East that has two pure running teams -- the Jets and Dolphins -- who combined for 16 wins last season .
I know the Jets made the AFC Championship Game , but the league is set up to reward passers , not runners .
Peyton Manning beat the run-driven Dolphins even though he had the ball for only 15 minutes last season .
A Super Bowl in the cold would neutralize the passers , which would go against the trends in this league .
About the only thing you can say definitively about having a cold - weather Super Bowl in New York is that Brett Favre wo n't have any part of it .
He may decide to retire and unretire for a few more years , but he would never sign on for a season that ends in a New York open - air Super Bowl .
TG : I wo n't dispute the NFL is a quarterback - driven league and cold weather has a tendency to neutralize a pass attack .
But if sterile conditions are so important to deciding a champion , then why are n't the games that determine who reaches the Super Bowl controlled ?
If the 2007 NFC Championship Game is n't played in a minus - 23 wind chill , maybe the Giants do n't win in overtime and then ruin the New England Patriots ' perfect season .
The road to the Super Bowl has gone through Gillette Stadium and Heinz Field a few times over the past decade .
Unless every playoff game is moved to a dome , weather can impact the tournament and , therefore , who wins it .
And let 's not forget wintry elements have created some of the greatest memories in NFL history .
The Ice Bowl in Green Bay , the Tuck Rule at Gillette , the Freezer Bowl in Cincinnati , the 1948 title game in a Philadelphia blizzard , the Sneaker Game at a frozen Polo Grounds .
In baseball , the players skedaddle when it rains .
But football players are supposed to slog through any conditions shy of lightning strikes .
The game is supposed to be played outside and in the elements .
The Super Bowl can handle it .
JC : Now you are using the Brian Cushing defense by questioning every thing and every rule .
Sure , the Super Bowl can handle a cold - weather game , but why should it ?
Obviously , it 's the money , and that 's why this vote is going to pass in favor of New York .
When it comes to Super Bowls , the games should be the memories , not the weather conditions .
The best memories are the fourth - quarter comebacks .
It 's Joe Montana getting that last drive against Cincinnati .
It 's Tom Brady coming back and getting the game - winning , field goal drive against St. Louis .
It 's Eli Manning beating Brady with a late drive .
It 's not Tim Graham jumping on a snow - blowing machine and doing spins .
I give you your New York Super Bowl next Tuesday .
Bundle up , big guy .
TG : I can guarantee the public overwhelmingly would prefer to watch me drive figure eights on a Zamboni than see you strolling South Beach in your shorts .
Sorry to bring up that mental picture when you conjured some dramatic Super Bowl imagery .
Those sure were some fine moments , but you also have 44 years ' worth of climate - controlled Super Bowls to draw on .
Who 's to say similarly phenomenal memories would n't have taken place in the open air of a Northeast winter ?
A couple of days before the release of the spiffed - up Exile on Main St. , the last superlative album the Rolling Stones made before succumbing to age , boredom , vices and personal squabbles — more generous fans point to 1978 ’s Some Girls , a spirited comeback for the group , but aside from “ Shattered ” and “ Beast of Burden ” I was never sold — I read Ben Ratliff ’s review in The New York Times and it nearly gave me hives .
Ratliff ’s a noted critic and author , but his take on Exile was an odd one , and left me wondering where this guy was in 1972 when the double - LP caused a glorious sensation .
As it turns out , Ratliff was born in 1968 , and so when he writes , in expressing his lukewarm feelings about Exile , “ That era of Stones music , fantastic .
[ Exile ] , not so much , ” it explained a lot .
That Ratliff , by happenstance of birth , missed out on what he calls “ the creative peak ” of the Stones certainly does n’t disqualify him from writing about the band , but without that disclosure — that he ’s critiquing from a historical point of view , not as someone who bought and wore out Stones records when they first came out — it gives this particular essay an unsettling whiff of the counterfeit .
For example , months ago I purchased a box set of unreleased recordings and radio show appearances by Hank Williams ( Hank Williams Revealed ) , who died before I was born in 1955 .
Although I ’ve read several books about the influential country / rockabilly / folk legend and first discovered his music after seeing The Last Picture Show in ’ 71 , I ’d never be able to write about the man as if I were a contemporary .
Pop music critics , regardless of age , can hold forth on whatever they want , but in the fairly rare instances when classic albums from more than a generation ago are given a new shine by companies trying to make a buck on older fans who are suckers ( and that would include myself ) for previously unheard demos and studio noodlings , I ’d just rather read about them from an author who was alive at the time of the original release .
This is n’t mere Boomer hubris , for by the same token , my kids would rightfully scoff at a sexagenarian ’s long take on a new Interpol record .
I do n’t know if Ratliff was even aware of this disconnect upon taking on the re-mastered Exile , but even though his piece has a lot of information and background on the famous record , including quotes from a conversation he had with Mick Jagger , knowing that he never heard , say , “ Paint it Black ” on the radio when it came out in ’ 66 , makes me suspicious of his gut - level feelings about the Stones .
His first sentence bears this out ( particularly after I bought the “ new ” Exile and re-read his piece ) : “ A lesser - known version of the Rolling Stones ’ “ Loving Cup , ” found on the bonus disc of the new reissue of the band ’s 1972 album , “ Exile on Main St. , ” seems to me the best thing the Stones ever did . ”
Say what ?
Stones fans banter back and forth , even to this day , about the group ’s greatest records — Ratliff prefers Let it Bleed and Sticky Fingers ; I ’d go with Beggar ’s Banquet and Between the Buttons — but a discarded version of “ Loving Cup ” ( one of Exile ’s lesser songs , in my opinion ) is the “ best thing the Stones ever did ” ?
Perhaps it was Ratliff ’s intention to open his article with a provocative opinion — there ’s been so much coverage of this reissue that it ’s possible he was straining for an original insight — but give me a minute and I could tick off 25 Stones songs that bury this “ new ” “ Loving Cup . ”
Such as : “ Salt of the Earth , ” “ Gimme Shelter , ” “ Connection , ” “ Jigsaw Puzzle , ” “ Street Fighting Man , ” “ Under My Thumb , ” “ Ride On , Baby , ” “ Sweet Virginia , ” “ Monkey Man , ” and “ Sympathy for the Devil , ” just to get the conversation started .
Granted , Ratliff is a regular jazz and pop critic for the Times , but it makes you wonder — even in this diminished era for freelance writers — why the paper ’s arts editor did n’t assign this Exile “ event ” to someone , maybe Greil Marcus or Robert Christgau , who experienced that particular record and the Stones ’ “ creative peak ” as young men .
To put it in perspective : Marcus was an early stalwart at Rolling Stone , who famously led off his review of Bob Dylan ’s Self Portrait in 1970 with “ What is this shit ? ” ; Ratliff , on the other hand , was n’t even 10 when the Sex Pistols and Clash , among others , flipped rock ‘ n ’ roll on its head once again , defiantly mocking flabby 60s groups like the Stones .
There are no regrets here for buying the Exile reissue , although the bonus disc is pretty much a bust , with the sole exception of an alternate take of “ Soul Survivor ” featuring Richards instead of Jagger on vocals , with a completely different set of lyrics .
Unlike Dylan , whose “ Bootleg ” series over the years has often contained revelations , with unreleased gems as well as cleaned - up versions of song that were only available via bootleg , if the extra tracks included in this Exile are any indication , the Stones did n’t leave much behind that was worthy of release .
However , it ’s an opportunity to re-examine the sprawling , outrageously eclectic menu of material that defines Exile .
Jagger was far more involved in this project than Richards , so it makes sense that the vocals , muted on the ’ 72 release , are ramped up .
Oddly enough , that “ improvement ” makes Richards ’ singing on the terrific “ Happy ” even brighter and it ’s no longer necessary to labor over deciphering the lyrics .
Jagger / Richards compositions were never really impressive for the writing , but “ Happy ’s ” an exception with the junkie Richards joyfully belting out these words : “ Well I never kept a dollar past sunset / It always burned a hole in my pants ” and “ Never got a flash out of cocktails / When I got some flesh off the bone . ”
And “ Tumbling Dice , ” the radio hit from Exile that washed over the summer of ’ 72 , also has some great lines : “ Women think I ’m tasty , but they ’re always tryin ’ to waste me / And make me burn the candle right down /
But baby , baby , I do n’t need no jewels in my crown / ’ Cause all you women is low down gamblers / Cheatin ’ like I do n’t know how / But baby , baby , there ’s fever in the funk house now . ”
And it ’s a pleasure to listen again , over and over , to a couple of the Stones ’ most underrated songs : “ Sweet Black Angel ” and “ Torn and Frayed . ”
It ’s quaint now , I guess , that the Stones ’ ’ 72 tour , while raucous , exhilarating and security - heavy , concluded at Madison Square Garden that July , instead of Shea Stadium , where they ’ve played in recent decades as a nostalgia act .
The Stones are given credit for popularizing the Tequila Sunrise , their breakfast beverage of choice that summer ; all of a sudden Jose Cuervo had an uptick in sales .
I was fortunate enough to see one of three Garden shows in ‘ 72 — tickets were obtained by lottery , and my friend Dave Cicale was a winner and invited me along — and had Ben Ratliff been in attendance I ’m betting his view on Exile on Main St. would be different .
( It ’s a measure of how the industry has changed so dramatically that when I told my nephew I had “ great seats ” for the concert , his face screwed up , trying to figure out why there would be seats at a performance . )
As I recall , Jagger was especially creepy and haunting during “ Midnight Rambler , ” and “ Rocks Off , ” “ Bitch ” and “ All Down the Line ” were standouts .
And the capper was an encore featuring the opening act Stevie Wonder returning to the stage to sing “ Uptight ” and “ Satisfaction ” with Jagger and the Stones .
As a middle - aged fellow , my concert days have passed , although I ’ll happily watch my 17 - year - old son perform in clubs around in Baltimore .
And though Ratliff ’s suspect review of Exile does n’t qualify as a lock ‘em up offense , it nonetheless bugs me no end , for he was n’t there when it all happened .
At a branch near Venice Beach in Los Angeles owner Adrienne Fein said : " They 're really popular .
We sell lots to cyclists and runners who want to up their calorie content and also to tourists who want a treat .
We all have blind spots — areas of our lives that need to be uncovered so we can see correctly and adjust our lives accordingly .
But they are hard to identify .
I can think of at least one glaring blind spot in American Christian history .
Slavery .
How could Christians who supposedly believed the gospel so easily rationalize the enslavement of other human beings ?
Churchgoers with good intentions worshiping God together every Sunday and reading the Bible religiously all week long , all the while using God 's Word to justify treating men , women , and children as property to be used or abused .
Not long ago , God began uncovering a blind spot in my life .
An area of disobedience .
A reality in God 's Word that I had pretended did not exist .
Today more than a billion people in the world live and die in desperate poverty .
They attempt to survive on less than a dollar per day .
Close to two billion others live on less than two dollars per day ….
Anyone wanting to proclaim the glory of Christ to the ends of the earth must consider not only how to declare the gospel verbally but also how to demonstrate the gospel visibly in a world where so many are urgently hungry .
What is the difference between someone who willfully indulges in sexual pleasures while ignoring the Bible on moral purity and someone who willfully indulges in the selfish pursuit of more and more material possessions while ignoring the Bible on caring for the poor ?
The difference is that one involves a social taboo in the church and the other involves the social norm in the church .
We look back on slave - owning churchgoers of 150 years ago and ask , " How could they have treated their fellow human beings that way ? "
I wonder if followers of Christ 150 years from now will look ...
1
Home :: Money
A few weeks ago I blogged about some credit card checks that Capital One sent , with terms that appeared to offer free money .
I wrote myself a check for ten grand , and deposited it in the bank to see what would happen .
As expected , they billed me on Dec 11th and what do you know , they really do have a grace period so the bill was for $ 10 K , no interest , due on the 5th of January .
So I wrote myself another check for $ 9900 , to avoid hitting my $ 20 K credit limit , and deposited that on Sunday .
Today they sent me another email telling my balance transfer was approved and now I have $ 19,900 of free loan money in the bank .
So this actually seems to work , I 'm earning a modest amount of interest on the free loan , and I still have a check left .
How does Capital
One plan to make money from this ?
Do people really write themselves these checks , then pay 17.9 % on the balance ?
Yow .
comments ... ( Jump to the end to add your own comment )
You are so cool !
I think the truth is , most people are n't smart enough to figure this out and Capital One counts on that .
( by Julie 16 Dec 2009 14:56 )
i'm not certain , but since it sounds like you 've withdrawn the second amount before paying off the first amount , you 'll have a non - zero average daily balance against which interest will be charged ; please let us know how it goes regarding your closing questions , the answer is that people are sometimes in difficult financial situations ; a loan at high interest can _seem_ appropriate if it is the only way to avoid utility cuttoff , avoid foreclosure , put gas in car in order to drive to work , or buy food ... look at the " payday loans " shops for instance -- the APR on those loans can exceed 300 % !
why would anyone take a loan like that ?
( by steve harley 19 Dec 2009 19:46 )
No interest I can see
They say these checks are treated as purchases , which should mean that so long as I pay back each one by the due date on the bill on which it appears , there should be no interest .
I 'll let you know .
( by John Levine 20 Dec 2009 00:33 )
I did this exact same thing , wrote a CapOne purchase check for $ 19,500 last week , depositing it into a 5 % checking account , and will pay it back in early February with ( hopefully ) no interest charged by CapOne . ( by Doug 23 Dec 2009 13:33 )
I do n't think you are their target demographic .
Their hope is that you forget when the free period expires , or that you are one day late paying them back and they can retroactively increase your interest rate to 3000 % .
( by Christopher Herot 30 Dec 2009 00:37 )
Yeah this is probably some sort of loophole that noone ever " noticed " .
( by Nostalgia_Guy 16 May 2010 01:40 )
Add your comment ...
Note : all comments require an email address to send a confirmation to verify that it was posted by a person and not a spambot .
The comment wo n't be visible until you click the link in the confirmation .
Unless you check the box below , which almost nobody does , your email wo n't be displayed , and I wo n't use it for other purposes .
The association representing 380,000 composers , songwriters , lyricists and others associated with the music industry has begun a fund - raising campaign to stifle groups that support free culture and digital rights .
The American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers is urging the membership to donate money to battle the Electronic Frontier Foundation , Public Knowledge and even Creative Commons .
In a letter sent to members this week , ASCAP said those groups and unnamed " technology companies " are " mobilizing to promote ' Copyleft ' in order to undermine our ' Copyright . ' "
The letter continues , saying " the truth is these groups simply do not want to pay for the use of our music .
Their mission is to spread the word that our music should be free . "
The fund - raising campaign came a day after Victoria Espinel , the nation 's copyright czar , outlined an intellectual - property enforcement plan that did not include a call to push internet service providers to adopt policies to cut service to repeat copyright scofflaws .
Such a policy , referred to as " three strikes " or " graduated response , " was strongly backed by the motion picture and recording industries , and opposed by EFF and Public Knowledge .
Instead , Espinel said the nation 's " intellectual property - enforcement efforts should be focused on stopping those stealing the work of others , not those who are appropriately building upon it . "
The ASCAP , which also distributes royalties , said those groups are " influencing Congress against the interests of music creators .
If their views are allowed to gain strength , music creators will find it harder and harder to make a living as traditional media shifts to online and wireless services .
We all know what will happen next : the music will dry up , and the ultimate loser will be the music consumer . "
ASCAP did not return messages seeking comment .
ASCAP 's attack on EFF and Public Knowledge are farfetched .
Those groups do not suggest music should be free , although they push for the liberalization of copyright law .
But the attack on Creative Commons is more laughable than ASCAP 's stance against EFF and Public Knowledge .
While lobby groups EFF and Public Knowledge advocate for liberal copyright laws , Creative Commons actually creates licenses to protect content creators .
The non-profit has issued various licenses to approximately 350 million pieces of content to writers , musicians , scholars and others .
Flickr , for example , is filled with pictures licensed by Creative Commons .
The licenses allow the works in the public domain , with various rules regarding attribution , commercial use and remixing .
The group 's creative director , Eric Steuer , said nobody forces anybody to adopt the Creative Commons credo .
" I think it 's false to claim that Creative Commons works to undermine copyright , " he said in a telephone interview .
" It 's an opt - in system . "
Following Wednesday 's fund - raising letter from Paul Williams , ASCAP 's president , Steuer said several ASCAP members who also use Creative Commons licenses have donated money to Creative Commons .
Hat Tip : Boing Boing
Photo : labguest / Flickr
Kyrgyzstan 's interim leader Rosa Otunbayeva said today that the death toll from savage ethnic violence in the south of the country could be as high as 2,000 , as she paid her first visit to the region since the unrest began .
Otunbayeva , who pledged that the hundreds of thousands of Uzbek refugees would be allowed to return home , told Russian media that she would " multiply by 10 " the official death toll of 191 .
Without mentioning the Uzbek community by name , Otunbayeva said the wrecked city of Osh would be rebuilt .
After arriving by military helicopter , she visited Osh 's inter-regional hospital , where Kyrgz victims of the conflict are being treated .
But there was still no sign of aid deliveries for the ethnic
Uzbeks whose homes have been razed , with packages apparently being distributed only to Kyrgyz victims .
Across the street from the hospital , and standing next to their gutted homes , Uzbek men said they had received no help .
" We appeal to the international community to help us .
We need Americans or British to give us aid .
We have nothing , our homes have been destroyed , and our women and children are now in camps in Afghanistan , " Davron , 32 , said .
The former Soviet republic has been rocked by unrest since a revolt in April toppled the president , Kurmanbek Bakiyev and brought the interim government to power .
Some 400,000 people out of Kyrgyzstan 's population of 5.3 million have fled since 10 June , some to refugee camps in neighbouring Uzbekistan .
The US assistant secretary of state , Robert Blake , flew to inspect refugee camps on the Uzbek side of the border , where a stable security situation has allowed authorities to set up more orderly camps to house about 100,000 people .
In one camp , lined with rows of tents marked with the United Nations logo , dozens of women , many in tears , surrounded Blake , who was later due to fly to Kyrgyzstan .
" It is important to establish peace for your safe return , " he told them through an interpreter . "
An investigation should be carried out to prevent this in the future . "
Otunbayeva , whose government has not been formally elected , has accused Bakiyev of organising gangs of armed men to shoot at both Uzbeks and Kyrgyz to ignite ethnic violence in the south , Bakiyev 's traditional stronghold .
Both ethnic groups have suffered in the violence but losses on the Uzbek side are considerably greater .
In Osh , where streets are strewn with rubble and still echoing with occasional gunfire , Uzbek neighbourhoods have set up barricades separating them from Kyrgyz areas .
Sporadic attacks have continued but major violence has subsided since Monday .
Some residents started venturing out of their homes to pick through the wreckage .
" Osh residents are in urgent need of protection and humanitarian assistance , " Human Rights Watch said .
" The tense security situation , barricades and checkpoints have significantly limited distribution of aid , medical supplies and access to medical treatment . "
The government hopes to stick to its plan to hold a constitutional referendum on 27 June .
Filming the Police
In at least three U.S. states , it is illegal to film an active duty policeman :
The legal justification for arresting the “ shooter ” rests on existing wiretapping or eavesdropping laws , with statutes against obstructing law enforcement sometimes cited .
Illinois , Massachusetts , and Maryland are among the 12 states in which all parties must consent for a recording to be legal unless , as with TV news crews , it is obvious to all that recording is underway .
Since the police do not consent , the camera - wielder can be arrested .
Most all - party - consent states also include an exception for recording in public places where “ no expectation of privacy exists ” ( Illinois does not ) but in practice this exception is not being recognized .
Massachusetts attorney June Jensen represented Simon Glik who was arrested for such a recording .
She explained , “ [ T ] he statute has been misconstrued by Boston police .
You could go to the Boston Common and snap pictures and record if you want . ”
Legal scholar and professor Jonathan Turley agrees , “ The police are basing this claim on a ridiculous reading of the two - party consent surveillance law — requiring all parties to consent to being taped .
I have written in the area of surveillance law and can say that this is utter nonsense . ”
The courts , however , disagree .
A few weeks ago , an Illinois judge rejected a motion to dismiss an eavesdropping charge against Christopher Drew , who recorded his own arrest for selling one - dollar artwork on the streets of Chicago .
Although the misdemeanor charges of not having a peddler ’s license and peddling in a prohibited area were dropped , Drew is being prosecuted for illegal recording , a Class I felony punishable by 4 to 15 years in prison .
This is a horrible idea , and will make us all less secure .
I wrote in 2008 :
You cannot evaluate the value of privacy and disclosure unless you account for the relative power levels of the discloser and the disclosee .
If I disclose information to you , your power with respect to me increases .
One way to address this power imbalance is for you to similarly disclose information to me .
We both have less privacy , but the balance of power is maintained .
But this mechanism fails utterly if you and I have different power levels to begin with .
An example will make this clearer .
You ’re stopped by a police officer , who demands to see identification .
Divulging your identity will give the officer enormous power over you :
He or she can search police databases using the information on your ID ; he or she can create a police record attached to your name ; he or she can put you on this or that secret terrorist watch list .
Asking to see the officer ’s ID in return gives you no comparable power over him or her .
The power imbalance is too great , and mutual disclosure does not make it OK .
You can think of your existing power as the exponent in an equation that determines the value , to you , of more information .
The more power you have , the more additional power you derive from the new data .
Another example :
When your doctor says “ take off your clothes , ” it makes no sense for you to say , “ You first , doc . ”
The two of you are not engaging in an interaction of equals .
This is the principle that should guide decision - makers when they consider installing surveillance cameras or launching data - mining programs .
It ’s not enough to open the efforts to public scrutiny .
All aspects of government work best when the relative power between the governors and the governed remains as small as possible — when liberty is high and control is low .
Forced openness in government reduces the relative power differential between the two , and is generally good .
Forced openness in laypeople increases the relative power , and is generally bad .
EDITED TO ADD ( 7/13 ) : Another article .
One jurisdiction in Pennsylvania has explicitly ruled the opposite : that it ’s legal to record police officers no matter what .
Posted on June 16 , 2010 at 1:36 PM • 108 Comments
Last week I was talking with a colleague about how disappointed he was that prices in Pasadena have not corrected since the California real estate market drove off the depreciation cliff ( they have by the way ) .
To this I responded that the 91101 zip code in the city has a median price of $ 172,000 .
Of course , this is n’t the area that he is even considering .
Yet many people are realizing that prices in some markets are resistant to price drops .
For example , the median Southern California home price is now up to $ 305,000 , an increase of 22.5 % from last year .
What gives ?
Well if you look at the data carefully , those once $ 500,000 homes are now moving at $ 400,000 or even less .
So prices have fallen yet the current volume is reflecting higher priced homes ( plus investors are pulling back from the Inland Empire from their manic buying of last year ) .
In fact , Riverside and San Bernardino saw year over year sale decreases while the more expensive markets like San Diego and Orange County saw double digit jumps .
This overall jump is basically the year long artificial stimulus party coming to its expected conclusion .
Yet the market is still saturated with toxic mortgages and overpriced homes .
There really is n’t any better time to be a renter in California .
Glut of rental housing
It is useful to go through one example to highlight this .
A reader sent over this home in Sierra Madre that is listed for sale :
Let us look at the stats on the place :
2 beds , 1 bath
1,064 square feet
Price : $ 450,000
The place looks like it was recently remodeled and looks nice for a starter home .
But all we need to do is look a few blocks down and we find a bigger rental for the following :
2 beds , 1 bath
1,100 square feet
Monthly rent : $ 1,795
In fact , if we plot this out on a map these places are right in the same neighborhood :
In the above situation , the obvious answer is to rent .
You get to live in the same neighborhood while hedging your bets until all the toxic mortgages filter out of the California system .
There is absolutely no rush to buy in today ’s market .
Mortgage rates have only one way to go and that is up .
Even the FHA has recently added more guidelines for premiums because of the amount of defaults occurring .
I can only see this getting tighter as time moves forward .
The economy in the state has shown no sign of recovery so to expect that somehow wage growth will push prices higher is unwarranted .
The only reason to buy right now in many areas is merely based on emotions .
The fundamental economic metrics do not justify prices in many areas of California .
I ’ve thought about the psychology of many that are sitting on the fence and are perched to jump in right now .
They buy the argument that right now is the time to buy with all these incentives to purchase and rates destined to go up .
But keep in mind , if rates go up , that future buyer you will sell to will only have access to mortgages that he or she can afford ( unless you plan on staying 30 years in the place you buy ) .
So if rates go up to say 9 percent for 30 year fixed rates , they may no longer be able to afford the home you bought with a 5.25 percent mortgage .
It helps if we run the numbers .
Let us assume you buy the above home with a 10 percent down payment :
Down payment : $ 45,000
PITI : $ 2,704 ( with a 5.25 % 30 year fixed mortgage )
Let assume you live there happy for five years but need a bigger place but mortgage rates are now up to 9 percent which is the 40 year historical average .
What would the numbers look like for this future buyer ?
Let us assume you sell for the breakeven price :
Down payment : $ 45,000
PITI : $ 3,726 ( with a 9 % 30 year fixed mortgage}
Even if you sold at a breakeven point , this future buyer has a net housing payment that is higher by 37 percent .
The good news after 5 years is that you have paid down the principal balance from $ 405,000 to $ 373,000 .
This is a total of $ 32,000 .
Good job right ?
But you are forgetting that renting the bigger similar place around the block will cost you roughly $ 900 less per month .
$ 2,704 ( PITI ) – $ 1,795 ( rental ) = $ 909 per month
5 years is equal to 60 monthly payments :
60 x $ 909 = $ 54,540
So even stashing the money away would make more sense here .
In these markets , the rental rates are telling us a very significant disequilibrium is occurring between sales price and rental rates .
These markets have a large number of Alt - A and option ARM products that will cause problems deep into 2012 .
There is no reason to jump into these markets .
But what if the landlord wants to up the rent ?
You move out .
The market is saturated with properties .
Even those areas that are “ prime ” like Downtown L.A. are seeing falling rents :
“ DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES – A study recently released by the USC Lusk Center for Real Estate had harsh tones for landlords , with a prediction that rents for Los Angeles County apartments would decline by an average of 3.5 % this year .
A group of Downtown Los Angeles building owners do n’t think they will take a hit .
“ I do n’t agree with this projection , ” said developer Barry Shy , who owns six properties with more than 1,100 apartments in the Historic Core .
“ In my experience , new construction stopped a while back and we ’re in a city where new people keep coming and the demand will still be there , but the supply is stopping . ”
Shy ’s stance was similar to that of several other Downtown landlords , who said that despite a 9.9 % decline in Downtown rental prices last year , this year they are likely to hold steady and could even increase . ”
The current rental vacancy rate for California is 8.2 percent :
I would n’t worry too much about higher rents down the line .
Plus , you have tons of failed condo conversions going back to apartments adding to more inventory .
You also have the massive amount of distress inventory coming online so the rush to buy makes very little sense .
Mobility
I think many homeowners even at today ’s adjusted prices are setting themselves up to be underwater in one or two years .
As we know , FHA insured loans made up over 37 percent of Southern California purchases last month .
From C.A.R. data we know the vast majority go in with the minimum 3.5 percent down payment .
So even a modest drop of 5 percent will render these buyers underwater .
In California one third of mortgages are underwater .
That is , the owner has no mobility if he wanted to move today .
Sure , he can strategically default at the cost of his overall credit but the renter in many cases is in a better position ( certainly better than a third of California mortgage holders ) .
The fact that so many are buying homes today with little down payment products is troubling .
If home prices drop even by 10 percent across the board , we are setting up another crisis in one or two years .
If you really think about it , this is why a 20 percent down payment makes sense .
A bank would n’t mind if you stop making your payments .
Why ?
They ’ll take the home with a built in 20 percent buffer .
Assume 10 percent in fix up costs and sales commission and the bank actually makes money when they resell .
But in today ’s market , the buffer is razor thin even after the toxic mortgage escapades we went through .
The government and Wall Street know the housing market is on thin ice .
Here in California the unemployment and underemployment rate is over 23 percent .
In this poor job market , it is actually useful to have mobility in housing if a new job comes along .
Renting in this market makes complete sense .
Pick a neighborhood you like and if home prices are too high , rent .
In some areas like the Inland Empire you might find buying a home is in line with rental prices or a bit higher after you run the numbers .
If that is the case , buy .
Hedge against future drops
I ’ve noticed that some people psychologically are wedded to certain markets .
“ I ca n’t believe that Manhattan Beach still has n’t corrected ! ” I get some e-mails from people making $ 50,000 to $ 70,000 hoping for home prices in Beverly Hills to fall to “ reasonable levels . ”
Well even if say home prices drop from $ 2 million to $ 1 million , would you be able to buy that home ?
Probably not .
So you have to be realistic about your own bottom line .
If you like a neighborhood and home prices are too high then rent .
So what ?
In California , we have as many homeowners with mortgages as we do renters ( over 5 million for each group ) .
So renting here is n’t uncommon .
In fact , in today ’s market it seems like the wisest thing you can do .
There is little reason to buy in some areas because :
- Home prices are highly unlikely to go up ( if anything , they will go lower )
- A higher mortgage rate with a lower home price is better for you ( easier to pay down and more options )
- Glut of inventory and distress properties ( pipeline to keep prices low for a few years )
I see little reason to buy today .
It seems like many are furious because the market they wanted to buy in simply has not corrected to their liking .
Hey , in California we invented housing mania so some markets may stay irrational longer than you think .
Just rent and be happy .
If prices come down to more sensible levels then you can buy later .
If not , just rent and enjoy being in the same area .
Renting never made as much sense as it does today for some California markets .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Allow me to offer these revelations :
(1) Paris Hilton actually is Albert Einstein , with a wig .
Think about it - you 've never seen them together , have you ?
(2) The Moon is made of green cheese .
Specifically , a lovely Camembert , slightly fruity , that goes very well with cabernet .
(3) While you were at work today , someone broke into your house , stole everything , and replaced it with an exact duplicate ( apologies to Steven Wright ) .
$ 1 trillion dollars in mineral wealth in Afghanistan .
What a lame excuse for a lame excuse .
But the interesting thing is that the Pentagon felt it necessary to serve up this fevered imagining .
Why ?
Because they say that they need another $ 33 billion for the war by July 4th , or , or , or , I do n't know - they just say that they need it .
And for once , Congress is n't falling all over itself to give the generals whatever they want .
So get ready to hear about lithium in Afghanistan , oil in Iraq , and diamonds in your bathtub .
With 14 million Americans out of work , support for endless war is crumbling .
People want an America that is # 1 in health , # 1 in education , # 1 in quality of life , not # 1 in number of foreign countries occupied .
Send an e-mail to your Member of Congress .
Ask him or her to oppose the " emergency supplemental " for more and more war .
Hope .
Change .
How about some peace , for a change ?
Courage ,
Alan Grayson
P.S. I am the first Democrat to represent my district in 34 years .
I depend on ordinary people like you to support my campaign .
If you 'd like to make a contribution , please do so here .
• Fabio Capello says Barry is fit for Cape Town • ' Gareth will play this Friday ' says England coach
The England manager Fabio Capello has confirmed that Gareth Barry will start Friday 's World Cup match against Algeria in Cape Town .
The midfielder has regained full fitness after suffering an ankle injury against Tottenham Hotspur in early May .
" Gareth will play this Friday .
He is OK , there is no problem , " said Capello .
" He has trained very well and he is fit . "
The Manchester City player is expected to play in a holding role after missing the 1 - 1 draw with the USA .
The first part of this Five Simple Steps series is taking some of the points discussed in the preface and putting it to practice .
Ratios are at the core of any well designed grid system .
Sometimes those ratios are rational , such as 1:2 or 2:3 , others are irrational such as the 1:1.414 ( the proportion of A4 ) .
This first part is about how to combine those ratios to create simple , balanced grids which in turn will help you create harmonious compositions .
Starting with a blank canvas
It 's always easier in these kinds of tutorials to put the example in context , in some kind of real world scenario .
So , this is it .
You 've got to design a programme for a gallery exhibition .
You know you want the size to be A4 .
You also know that there are going to be photographs and text , and the photographs will be of varying size .
There you have it - your blank canvas .
Subdividing ratios
The grid system we are going to design is a simple symmetrical grid based on a continuous division of the paper size in the ratio 1:1414 .
Using the paper size as a guide we can retain the proportion throughout the grid , this will give our elements within the design a relationship to one another , the grid and the paper size .
This is one of the easiest ways to create a balanced grid .
By using the size of the paper as a guide we can divide using that ratio to begin creating the grid .
You can see this through diagrams 1 - 6 that we begin by simply layering division upon division to slowly build up the grid .
Diagrams kindly updated by Michael Spence
Getting creative
Many have said grid systems can stifle creativity , but I disagree .
Grid systems can facilitate creativity by providing a framework and already answer some designers questions such as ' where should the folios go ' , ' how wide should the measure be ? ' etc .
A well designed grid system will go some way to answer these questions and more .
So , we have our grid .
We can now begin to experiment with type areas , shapes and composition .
We can explore how type and image will work together on the various types of pages our publication will have .
Diagram 7 shows the text area with the first elements of the access structure - running heads and folios .
Diagrams 8 and 9 show how adaptable the grid is to various design options .
Short but sweet
A simple step to begin with .
Next we 'll go onto to more complex ratios , such as the Golden Section , and combining multiple ratios across spreads instead of single pages .
The series
This is the first installment of this " Simple Steps ... " series .
There are 8,000 people on the transplant register Matching up the weight of donors and recipients boosts success in kidney transplants , suggests French research .
A study of over 1,000 transplant patients found those receiving a small kidney in proportion to their weight were more at risk of complications .
In the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology , the researchers said the findings would give surgeons a new chance to improve long - term survival .
But a UK expert warned a donor shortage would limit weight - based matches .
The team followed the transplant patients for an average of six years after their operation .
Using a calculation based on the weight of the donor kidney , and the weight of the person having the transplant , they found that those receiving a small kidney for their size had more complications .
The problem is when you have a scarce resource of kidneys , taking account of weight would complicate what is already a complex allocation system
Keith Rigg , British Transplantation Society
These included high blood pressure , kidney scarring , and a 55 % increased risk of transplant failure two years after the operation .
Study leader Professor Jean Paul Soulillou , from the French National Institute of Health and Medical Research , said from a clinical point of view the impact of the finding was similar to when researchers identified markers to enable tissue type to be matched to reduce the risk of rejection .
" This information is potentially useful for thousands of transplants and provides a new opportunity to improve long - term graft survival , " he added .
Living donors
The vast majority of the transplants in the study were done with organs from dead donors .
In the UK , living donor kidney transplants are on the rise - with 927 carried out in 2008 - 2009 representing more than one in three of all kidney transplants .
Keith Rigg , consultant transplant surgeon in Nottingham and president of the British Transplantation Society , said doctors already consider body weight where possible in the case of transplants done with living donors .
" The interesting thing they have done here is to actually weigh the kidney .
" But the problem is when you have a scarce resource of kidneys , taking account of weight would complicate what is already a complex allocation system .
" In the long term , it is still better to have a transplant than remain on dialysis . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Image caption Habbo Hotel users create a character and can buy furniture
Thieves have struck again in the virtual world Habbo Hotel .
Finnish police are investigating up to 400 cases of theft , with some members reporting the loss of up to € 1000 ( £ 840 ) worth of virtual furniture and other items , according to Detective Sergeant Marko Levonen .
" We have done five home searches in five cities in Finland , " he said .
This is not the first time Habbo Hotel , which allows users to meet friends and buy virtual goods , has been targeted .
In 2007 , a Dutch teenager was arrested for allegedly stealing virtual furniture worth thousands of euros on the site , which is believed to have more than 100 million registered " avatars " .
Phishing attack
DS Levonen explained that several Habbo Hotel members contacted the police earlier this year , saying their virtual belongings had been stolen , and seeking help from the police .
We see malicious attacks and trojans stealing accounts for all the games you can imagine , including World of Warcraft , Farmville and so on Miko Hypponen , F - Secure
The Finnish company Sulake , which owns Habbo Hotel subsequently identified several hundred more users who appeared to have been targeted , according to DS Levonen .
The online thieves allegedly targeted users with fake web pages to capture usernames and passwords , in what is commonly known as an online " phishing " scam .
" Habbo as a virtual world is targeted by thieves from all over the world , " said Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at Finnish internet security firm F - Secure .
" We 've seen Dutch hackers , Italians , Russians and others , and have investigated some of these cases previously with the company that runs Habbo . "
Common problem
Mr Hypponen pointed out that Habbo is just one of many online games and virtual worlds being targeted by cyber- criminals : " We see malicious attacks and trojans stealing accounts for all the games you can imagine , including World of Warcraft , Farmville and so on .
" Poker games for example are susceptible to trojans which share your cards with other players around the table .
" When the TV stars play poker online , we 're talking potential losses of hundreds of thousands of euros , " he said .
In the past , the theft of virtual goods has even given rise to serious physical harm in the real world .
In 2005 a Chinese gamer was stabbed to death in a row over a sword in a game .
Shanghai gamer Qiu Chengwei killed player Zhu Caoyuan when he discovered he had sold a " dragon sabre " he had been loaned .
According to Finnish police , the Habbo Hotel investigation continues .
A representative from Sulake was not immediately available for comment .
Pin 10 Shares
From time to time I think it's an interesting exercise to look at the stories of people who have risen to fame and fortune , and figure out how they did it .
Was it luck ?
Hard work ?
A burning desire to succeed ?
Today i wanted to look at one such story of rags to riches .
This past weekend we saw the passing of a entertainment and business icon , musician , actor and sausage magnate Jimmy Dean .
While most of us are probably familiar with Jimmy Dean 's sausage because of the prolific TV commercials , what a lot of people do n't know is that Jimmy Dean lived a true to life rags to riches story .
He was a musician and singer , actor , businessman and more .
Continues after Advertisement
Early Life And Musical Beginnings
Jimmy Dean was born in 1928 , in Plainview , Texas .
He was raised in poverty and dropped out of high school after the ninth grade .
Despite his humble beginnings , he rose above his situation , worked hard and made himself into a huge success .
Dean grew up in a musical household where his mother taught him to play the piano .
His father , who left the family , was a songwriter and singer .
Dean taught himself to play the accordion and the harmonica .
Dean began a band “ The Texas Wildcats ” in 1948 that by the early 1950's had it 's first national hit .
In 1961 he won the Grammy for his big hit “ Big Bad John , ” which is about a coal miner who saves fellow workers when a mine roof collapses .
It 's one of his more famous songs , that you can still hear today .
Here 's a video of the song :
Fame , Fortune And Business
His fame in the music business ended up leading to a career in TV and movies .
He had a couple of iterations of “ The Jimmy Dean Show ” on CBS and ABC , played an ally of James Bond in the film “ Diamonds Are Forever . ”
He was also the first guest host on “ The Tonight Show ” .
In the late 1960 's Jimmy Dean returned to something that he knew well – the meat business .
His family had raised hogs when he was little .
Jimmy and his brother slaughtered the hogs and ground the meat – and his mother seasoned and prepared it .
Jimmy Dean opened the The Jimmy Dean Meat Co. in his home town of Plainview , Texas – and after six months , the company was profitable .
Jimmy was a good businessman .
He sold the company to Sara Lee Corp. in 1984 , although he stayed on spokesman until 2003 .
Who has n't seen one of the commercials for Jimmy Dean Sausage ?
By the early 1990's Jimmy 's personal fortune had grown by leaps and bounds and was estimated at near 75 million dollars .
Not bad for a poor kid from Plainview !
Jimmy Dean – Careful Money Manager
Having watched other stars fritter away their fortunes , Dean was always a careful money manager – which helped him to amass such a fortune .
“ I 've seen so many people in this business that made a fortune , ” he told the AP .
“ They get old and broke and can't make any money . …
I tell you something , … no one 's going to play a benefit for Jimmy Dean . ”
Jimmy
Dean rose from a life of poverty with a single mother to attain every dream he had ever had .
He did it through hard work , persistence and through common sense business practices and integrity .
If we can learn anything from his life it is the power that can be found in those things .
Pin 10 Shares
WHAT WE DO
We are creative communicators using pioneering and innovative techniques to push the boundaries of visual narrative .
Our world class collaborative work with Hollywood , agencies , brands and media have won the highest recognition in industry awards globally .
Empowering our clients to connect with their audiences in a meaningful way is at the core of our philosophy and design aesthetic .
I decided I needed to register for this forum and be involved in this discussion because I am trying to figure out the OP question as well .
It all started about a month ago when my girlfriends dad came back from a business trip from Thailand , Philippines , and Hong Kong .
He manufactures stuff overseas and he always brings back knock offs , misc gifts , etc for his kids and family .
After the initial gift giving was over , he pulls out that scalar pendent and starts doing the body tricks with it to all of us .
Now I am biggest skeptic , and I was critical of everything he was doing the whole time during the demonstrations .
I have got to say , I am convinced that something is real .
I was literally trying to not make it work and it was still working .
While clenching the pendent in my hand , he was hanging his whole bodyweight ( around 200 ) on my right arm when I only had my left foot on the floor ( I weigh 135 ) .
Without the pendent , he didnt even have to push down that hard before I was pushed over .
He also did the behind the back body trick as demonstrated in this video youtube.com / watch?v=25DK7oairpgTo confirm my doubts even more , he brought it to a mothers day function and literally did it to all 20 guys around ( and some girls too ) .
I was hoping to find a definitive explanation as to how this works , but the placebo effect is not cutting it for me .
This wasnt the placebo effect .
I want you , Mr. Wong , to find someone who has it and have him perform the body tricks to you and tell me what you think .
Its not a placebo , I can guarantee you that .
I didnt want it to work , and it did .... My original explanation was that it simply was a body trick and that any small object clenched in a hand would produce the same result if the participant ( through the placebo effect ) thought that it was all - powerful .
Well I experimented with that and failed at disproving the scalar pendent as well .
I really dont understand whats going on , but please do n't tell anyone else its the placebo effect .
I would rather you just call me stupid
2019 Samurai Flood Uploaded by Flood on Dec 18 , 2009 .
2019 Samurai - Desktop Nexus Abstract Download free wallpapers and background images : 2019 Samurai .
Desktop Nexus Abstract background ID 244865 .
Rating : 4.8 Wallpaper Comments ( 4 )
Posted by commissar125 on 04/18/12 at 07:37 PM
Posted by LordofRavens on 08/18/11 at 03:00 AM
Posted by dualxseal on 06/03/11 at 09:43 PM
Posted by HANAMICHI on 07/19/10 at 03:16 PM
View All Comments
+39 Wallpaper Statistics Total Downloads : 3,373
Times Favorited : 27
Uploaded By :
Date Uploaded : December 18 , 2009
Filename : Modified - Samurai-Me.jpg
Original Resolution : 1280x800
File Size : 517.06KB
Category :
Total Downloads : 3,373 Times Favorited : 27 Uploaded By : Flood Date Uploaded : December 18 , 2009
Filename : Modified - Samurai-Me.jpgOriginal Resolution : 1280x800
File Size : 517.06 KBCategory : Other Share this Wallpaper !
Embedded : Forum Code : Direct URL : ( For websites and blogs , use the " Embedded " code ) Wallpaper Tags modified , samurai , waterpaint , black , flood , white
Biking and walking is on the rise , according to the report , which is based on annual survey data .
The number of reported walking trips has more than doubled since the first survey , from 18 billion in 1990 to 42.5 billion in 2009 .
Bicycling trips saw a similar increase , from 1.7 billion to 4 billion during the same period .
+ 18
Text description provided by the architects .
This is a project of one family living in two houses built slightly apart from one another .
One great volume of a house which covers the entire plot was supposed first .
Then this volume was carved in a curve in three segments and two volumes at the both ends were built as two houses on the site .
The wood structures and finishing materials of two houses are standardized to emphasis the relations of two volumes being originally from “ one great volume ” and that they are one though apart .
Carved volume in the middle became a courtyard leading to the approach to two houses .
Having another house for movies at night , overnight guests or work at home allows the inhabitants the liberty to do what they please at a time they want .
This distance between two houses may be just right for inviting grandparents to move in someday or providing privacy to children at puberty .
The purpose of building two houses slightly apart is not the same as that of having a villa at a resort or a farm household having a main building and a barn .
This project is an experiment for allowing more life style options in the life based in the urban area .
I wish I enjoyed the World Cup , if only for some fleeting sense of common unity with the rest of humankind .
But I simply do n't get it .
A huge number of my fellow citizens tune in and witness a glorious contest of ecstatic highs and heartbreaking lows .
I see 22 millionaires ruining a lawn .
If the fans want to enjoy their sport , fair enough .
Judging by their rapt faces , I 'm the one losing out .
What puts me off is n't the game itself , but the accompanying patriotism ; or , more specifically , the hollow simulation of patriotism used to hawk products throughout the contest .
Take the current Carlsberg campaign featuring an insanely jingoistic dressing room " pep talk " which blathers on and mindlessly on about national pride .
" Know this , " the voiceover whispers portentously , " that shirt you 're wearing ?
Your countrymen would give anything to put it on . "
Really , Carlsberg ?
I would n't put down a sandwich to lift the World Cup , let alone pull a sweat - sodden sports jersey over my head .
And would even the most committed fans really do " anything " to wear it ?
Would they saw their own feet off with a bread knife dipped in cat piss ?
No .
They would n't .
So stop lying .
Having grossly overestimated the cachet of said hallowed shirt , the ad treats us to a cameo from virtually every notable English sporting hero of the past 50 years , pausing briefly for a patronising moment of silence for Sir Bobby Robson , before depicting an ethereal Bobby Moore , bathed in heavenly light at the top of the tunnel , standing proudly beside a lion .
The whole thing plays like a masturbatory dream sequence for Al Murray 's Pub Landlord character , the punchline being that the whole thing is a sales pitch for a Danish brewing company .
The tagline should be : " Carlsberg : as English as Æbleskiver " .
The American confectionery company Mars is also keen to pat our patriotic behinds .
It 's paid John Barnes to jokily recreate his notoriously poor rap from the 1990 New Order single World In Motion .
And – ha , ha !
– it 's hopeless .
But if you 're not familiar with the original , it just looks as though we , the English , have absymal taste in music .
Tourists watching this advert in their hotel rooms will spread tales of our cultural ineptitude on their return home .
Thanks for that , Mars .
Incidentally , Barnes 's lyric has been altered , so he's now rapping about " three lions on a Mars " , which rather implies that the sacred England shirt that Carling was getting religiously excited about is , in practice , interchangeable with a calorific chocolate - and - nougat slab .
Japanese technology giant Sony is also capitalising on the World Cup .
It 's got an advert starring Brazilian star Kaka which aims to convince viewers to trade in their old TV sets for shiny new 3D ones .
It 's an exciting prospect , only slightly undermined by the fact that the World Cup is being transmitted in the UK by the BBC and ITV , neither of whom will be broadcasting any of the matches in 3D .
In fact , if you want to watch the World Cup in three dimensions , you 'll have to go to the cinema , where Sony plans to show it , in 3D , on around 50 screens .
That 'll mean leaving your brand - new 3D telly at home , of course .
But never mind .
You can watch Avatar when you come back .
In 2D .
Because the 3D version wo n't be out until months after the World Cup .
So you might as well not bother getting a 3D TV till then .
And come to think of it , it 's probably best not to bother anyway , because Avatar is rubbish .
( I could n't stand that tribe of pious , humourless , surly blue luddites .
Fuck their stupid tree .
I was cheering on the bulldozers ) .
There are other adverts of course : Coca - Cola , Nike , Pepsi-Cola , BP , Blackwater Security , The Tyrell Corporation , Damien Thorn Enterprises and so on .
All hitting the same phoney note of concord , all somehow cheapening the fun that millions will extract from the tournament itself .
Not me , though .
I 'll be out of the country for the whole thing .
When I think of all the adverts I 'll miss , I 'll try not to sob too loudly .
It ’s time to seriously rethink the American solar energy landscape .
No longer just the stuff of deserts and palm trees , PV now has its place among silos and cornfields .
That ’s right : Solar is making impressive inroads in the Midwest .
The region is no stranger to renewable energy .
It ’s already a cornerstone of the nation ’s growing wind energy market .
Aiming to capture even more green economic opportunity , three states — Illinois , Ohio and Missouri — have recently taken steps to expand the solar portion of their renewable mix as well .
It ’s worth noting that these are BIG energy markets .
Home to both large populations and heavy industry , Illinois and Ohio rank in the nation ’s top ten electricity consumers .
So even small percentages of their total power mix translate into major new solar opportunities .
Collectively , the new solar requirements in these three states add up to nearly 2,000 megawatts ( MW ) by 2025 .
But setting an aggressive solar target is one thing , and achieving it is entirely another .
In order to successfully hit their solar destination by 2025 , these states need to start paving the road for market growth today .
Already proving that point , Ohio ’s utilities failed to meet their initial 2009 solar requirements because the right regulatory structure and market drivers were n’t in place .
Now a slew of recent legislative wins is helping build the needed policy infrastructure so a robust Midwestern solar market can take root .
Illinois : Paving The Way To 750 MW
Last year Illinois amended its renewable energy requirement to include a solar carve - out : 6 % of the RES must come from photovoltaics in 2015 .
That amounts to a whopping 750 MW of solar , an aggressive initial target for a state that currently has less than 1 MW deployed .
And just as Rome was n’t built in a day , new energy markets need time to scale .
So last month , the state passed a Solar Ramp Up Bill to establish interim annual targets that help avoid a 750 - MW solar cliff in 2015 . .
The new solar targets will require approximately 40 , 100 and 180 MW of new solar in 2012 , 2013 and 2014 respectively .
It may sound incremental , but it ’s an absolutely critical framework for easing electricity providers into the world of solar and protecting Illinois energy consumers from sticker shock .
Plus it helps get solar projects and jobs started now – when the Illinois economy can use it most .
This year ’s legislation sends a clear message to the solar industry to gear up to meet tremendous demand from Illinois in the next two years .
Ohio : Removing Tax Barriers To Renewable Development
In 2008 , Ohio passed renewable energy procurement legislation that included a 0.5 % by 2024 solar carve - out .
At the same time that the state was working to develop a local solar market , existing tax rules placed a crippling financial burden on the development of those very same renewable energy projects .
The inordinately hefty taxes cost renewable energy developers up to $ 100,000 per MW , approximately ten times the rates of neighboring states .
Needless to say , solar development was extremely restricted under those tax rules .
Just last week , state legislators passed a tax reform bill , which removes that undue financial barrier to solar development .
The legislation sets a new flat - rate tax of $ 7,000 per MW of generating capacity for clean energy projects including solar and wind .
It effectively clears the way for solar growth in the state while ensuring that any renewable development still provides much - needed financial support to Ohio ’s communities .
The bill now awaits Governor Strickland ’s signature to become law .
Missouri : Supporting Customer Adoption Through Pace
In 2008 , the Show Me State showed its support for solar by voting overwhelmingly in favor of a renewable energy ballot measure .
Proposition C required Missouri ’s investor owned utilities to get 15 % of their electricity from renewable sources by 2021 , 2 % of which must come from solar photovoltaics .
Looking to translate the momentum from Prop C into more good solar policy , we sought opportunities for growth on the energy customer side as well .
One such bill passed last month when Missouri became the 21st state to enable PACE programs .
The new law gives Missouri municipalities the authority they need to start these innovative finance programs for green retrofits .
Now it ’s up to pioneering cities to get these programs up and running .
Missouri ’s PACE passage is particularly timely as the state ’s solar rebates and rooftop solar renewable energy credit ( SREC ) incentives programs are being rolled out as well — ready to help make solar even more accessible for Missourians .
The final rules on those solar rebates and SREC purchases will be published within the month .
Data courtesy of Galen Barbose , Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
There ’s still plenty of work to be done as each of these states continues tackling the ins and outs of solar program implementation through their respective regulatory bodies .
But there ’s no denying that there ’s some impressive momentum in the heartland .
The Midwest solar market is looking sunny indeed .
Claudia Eyzaguirre is a senior policy advocate at Vote Solar .
Claudia leads municipal and state level solar advocacy efforts at Vote Solar with a particular focus on the Midwest .
Claudia is a GreenCorps - trained campaigner and joined Vote Solar from the Audubon Society , where she served as the California Chapter Coordinator .
She holds a B.S. in Conservation and Natural Resources from UC Berkeley .
Rosalind Jackson is director of communications & development at Vote Solar .
Rosalind manages media , member and donor relations for Vote Solar .
Previously Rosalind spent five years directing and implementing PR campaigns for all manner of clean energy and sustainable business innovators .
She has a degree in Environmental Science and Mass Communications from UC Berkeley .
Vote Solar is a non-profit organization working to combat climate change and foster economic opportunity by bringing solar energy into the U.S. mainstream .
Claudia is a Senior Solar Advocate leading Vote Solar ’s Midwestern campaigns , and Rosalind is the organization ’s Director of Communications & Development .
www.votesolar.org
We have served Santa Clara and San Mateo Counties for over 36 Years .
We are dedicated to teaching our students to be Safe , Economical and Defensive drivers .
Defensive and Economical Driving techniques are the same .
It is not possible to be an Economical Driver unless you are also a Defensive Driver .
Save lives and money at the same time .
We are available 7 days a week at convenient hours for our students .
Our Instructors are not limited to teaching only on week - ends or after school .
Our Instructors are full - time Professional Instructors who earn their living teaching driving .
Check out our Driver Education Classroom Curriculum .
While the Topics are mandated by state law , our Professional Instructors making learning enjoyable and educational .
Our Services
Adult drivers training A qualified teacher may save your life .
Driving lessons are a once in a lifetime investment for a safe future .
... A qualified teacher may save your life .
Driving lessons are a once in a lifetime investment for a safe future .
... read more
Teen drivers education & drivers training Teen drivers education & drivers training We offer drivers education for teens .
Our Online course is monitored by us ...
Teen drivers education & drivers training
We offer drivers education for teens .
Our Online course is monitored by us ... read more
Senior Drivers Retraining
Are you having Department of Motor Vehicles problems ?
Are you a new driver , just starting out ?
We can help ...
Are you having Department of Motor Vehicles problems ?
Are you a new driver , just starting out ?
We can help ... read more
No Contracts , Bonded & Insured
You are only obligated for what you choose to schedule and nothing more .
We are bonded and insured for your ...
You are only obligated for what you choose to schedule and nothing more .
We are bonded and insured for your ... read more
Behind - the - wheel Safety Program
If your company is asking you to take a course we offer in car training and classroom so you can complete ...
If your company is asking you to take a course we offer in car training and classroom so you can complete ... read more
Gas Saving Tips That Make Sense Save the Environment - Save Money - Save Lives
Below are a few tips to help you save fuel , save money ...
Save the Environment - Save Money - Save Lives
Below are a few tips to help you save fuel , save money ... read more
Driving Proficiency Testing We Offer a 2 hour Driving Proficiency Testing service to evaluate a persons ability to safely operate a motor vehicle .
We Offer a 2 hour Driving Proficiency Testing service to evaluate a persons ability to safely operate a motor vehicle .
read more
Dual Controls Vehicles for Safety
Our cars are equipped with dual controls so we can maximize your training .
Yes , we do have a brake and ...
Our cars are equipped with dual controls so we can maximize your training .
Yes , we do have a brake and ... read more
Stick Shift or Automatic Transmissions
If you are a new driver or someone who has a drivers license and wants to do the training on ...
If you are a new driver or someone who has a drivers license and wants to do the training on ... read more
Private In Car Training
We do not use our students for taxi cabs .
We arrive at your home alone and when we leave we ...
We do not use our students for taxi cabs .
We arrive at your home alone and when we leave we ... read more
Parental Ride A- longs Welcome
We welcome parents to ride along for the lesson(s ) .
This is our assurance of quality training by qualified licensed driving ...
We welcome parents to ride along for the lesson(s ) .
This is our assurance of quality training by qualified licensed driving ... read more
We Specialize In Nervous Adult Drivers
A qualified teacher may save your life .
Driving lessons are a once in a lifetime investment for a safe future ....
A qualified teacher may save your life .
Driving lessons are a once in a lifetime investment for a safe future .... read more
Your Permit - Department of Motor Vehicles STEP ONE YOUR PERMIT
To apply for a provisional permit , you will need the following items :
You must be at above the ...
STEP ONE YOUR PERMIT
To apply for a provisional permit , you will need the following items :
You must be at above the ... read more
Cancellation Policy
If for any reason you cannot keep an appointment or need to make changes , we ask that you call us ...
If for any reason you cannot keep an appointment or need to make changes , we ask that you call us ... read more
Laws , Regulation and Driving News No licensed Driving School can legally teach in a DMV Drive Testing Route : §§ 340.45 ....
No licensed Driving School can legally teach in a DMV Drive Testing Route : §§ 340.45 .... read more
Allied Driving School Log Sheet
You can use this log sheet to record your behind - the - wheel drivers training , print as many as you need to keep ...
You can use this log sheet to record your behind - the - wheel drivers training , print as many as you need to keep ... read more
Company Defensive Driving Programs
If you are a company - have your drivers update their driving skills .
We offer an 8 hour Defensive Driving ...
If you are a company - have your drivers update their driving skills .
We offer an 8 hour Defensive Driving ... read more
Godspeed You !
Black Emperor to play London Forum , on sale now !
Godspeed You !
Black Emperor returned in December 2010 for an amazing run of UK shows including 2 sold out nights in London .
We can now confirm a return to the capital for the band when they play the smaller Kentish Town Forum this November .
Tickets are on sale now , here are the details ...
Last Godspeed London show tonight - tickets available Godspeed You !
Black Emperor play the third night of a stunning run of London shows ( which complete their UK tour ) tonight at the Troxy .
Limited tickets are available in advance online or on the door tonight ...
Times / tickets for Godspeed You !
Black Emperor in London this week Godspeed You !
Black Emperor play three nights at London 's Troxy starting today .
Monday and Tuesday are sold out , we have limited tickets left for Wednesday which you can buy in advance ...
Godspeed You !
Black Emperor in Glasgow tonight - ltd tickets available After a stunning opening night at a sold out Manchester Academy , Godspeed You !
Black Emperor play Glasgow 's Barrowlands tonight with support from RM Hubbert .
Limited tickets still available in advance ...
Google 's Bradley Horowitz fled Yahoo for the job
This is part of my startup advice series .
This post is n’t going to be popular .
I ’m sure of that .
That ’s OK .
It ’s still important advice for startup founders and something that I ’m passionate about .
And I care more about the debate than trying to be popular .
And it ’s important because it ’s true .
I never hire job hoppers .
Never .
They make terrible employees .
I can tell that the heat is going to fly from people on this post .
It all started yesterday when Jason Calacanis sent a Tweet telling GenY ’ers / Millennials or whatever people under 30 want to be called these days that job hoppers look like “ flakes . ”
I simply sent a supporting Tweet saying that I agreed .
He specifically called them “ trophy kids ” a reference that this is the first generation in which everyone got a trophy as Bill Sledzik outlines in this posting , “ Dear Millennials : Your Parents Lied to You . ”
One simple Tweet and I started getting flack ( Trev , if you ’re a founder and have tried to build 3 companies you get a carve out ) on Twitter ( Sumit , your business school professor was wrong ) .
I ’m not staying become a lifer .
James , 6 years is fine .
12 is getting long unless your company is totally rocking !
But this is n’t a post about Millennials – it ’s about job hoppers of all ages and I know plenty of my fellow Gen X’ers who are running for the door at the first sign of trouble .
Look at some of the uber - successful icons of Silicon Valley / Technology : Larry Ellison , Steve Jobs , Bill Gates , Larry / Sergey , Eric Schmidt , Andy Groves , John Doerr .
Not job hoppers .
I ’m sure some job - hoppers have made it big ( just to save your having to research to prove me wrong ) .
UPDATE : Somehow the biggest criticism in the comments is that my arguments in this post are “ lazy . ”
I find this ironic since trying to apply a simple “ label ” to me rather than trying to debate the other side of my position is exactly that .
Hiring an employee has analogies to acquiring a customer .
It costs a lot to “ acquire ” so you want your LTV ( lifetime value ) to be as great as possibly given the upfront costs of acquisition .
If you have limited resources you want to put them against your potentially best long - term customers .
Hiring employees is no different .
Frankly , I ’m astounded that this is so controversial .
People argue that somehow I need to hire this potentially great employee and give them a shot even though they ’ve never committed to any job in their career .
Hogwash .
I ’d rather more money and effort go up front to getting a larger potential employee pool than feeling forced to hire somebody who ’s had 6 jobs in a row of 18 months or less .
As I ’ve said now repeatedly in the comments – quitting 1 - 2 jobs early when you ’re young is acceptable .
I get that when people are young they ’re exploring life and work .
But 6 times is a pattern .
One person accuses me of “ not trying to get to know the person but just judging them by their past . ”
Um , yes .
Of course !
It ’s like a woman who is dating a man who has had 6 wives and cheated on all of them before divorcing them but she somehow thinks SHE will be different .
Philanderers establish patterns that they do n’t easily break .
Career job hoppers are no different .
They might perform well while they ’re there but in the end they ’re just not likely to stick around .
END UPDATE .
You wo n’t even get through my filter ( unless I know you or you ’re recommended ) .
No matter what your job hopping excuse is .
Whenever I recruit somebody on my own ( e.g. without an agency ) I take my big , fat pile of printed [ yes , I print them ] resumes and stack them on my desk .
In the last job I recruited for ( our associate ) I had more than 1,000 resumes .
I then really quickly race through looking for some minimum qualifications such as companies for which they worked , education , grades , etc .
With a stack of 1,000 resumes you have to filter .
Tools like Identified.com have n’t existed for me to do this in an automated way as they are starting to emerge .
Hopefully going forward we can all save trees .
This quickly gets me to a stack of 200 resumes .
The next quick thing I look for is how long people stayed at their jobs .
Here I can get rid of another 50 - 75 or so without even trying .
But even in a focused search through recruiters I ’m always looking to eliminate the job hopper .
If I ’m sent a stack of 10 resumes the first thing I look for is how long the person has been at their past 4 - 5 jobs .
If they ’ve had 5 jobs of 2 years or less each – buh bye .
Yes , I will look to see whether you worked at some Dot Bombs that blew up and would give you a break for that .
But you know the routine .
And I ’m not the only one who feels this way so you ’re already at a disadvantage .
What is the definition of a job hopper ?
It ’s kind of like that famous saying about art , “ you know it when you see it . ”
If you ’re 30 and have had 6 jobs since college you ’re 98 % likely to be a job hopper .
You ’re probably disloyal .
You do n’t have staying power .
You ’re in it more for yourself than your company .
OR … you make bad decisions about which companies you join .
Yes , if you were a startup CEO I would probably cut you some slack .
Yes , 2 % of you have legitimate reasons for having 5 jobs .
But in a competitive job market you ’re less likely to get the chance to tell me your sob story .
Are you 25 and worked for 3 companies – each 18 months ?
You ’re on the borderline .
If they are Google , Facebook and then a startup – you ’re fine .
That ’s less than 1 % .
If you ’re 42 and the longest you ’ve EVER worked at a company is 3 years – TOAST .
That means you ’ve likely had 7 short - term jobs since college .
Why do job hoppers make such bad employees at startups ? -
You ’re a startup founder .
You have tough choices to make about whom you hire on your team .
You ’re going to have some great days when you hit it out of the ballpark .
Everyone loves you .
Your older sister saw you on TechCrunch .
You have Google guys sending you CVs .
Then your competitor launches better shit .
Google offers your product for free .
You start fighting with your co-founder whom you thought you understood .
Your revenues are “ just around the corner . ”
Your angel investors are nervous because the VCs are n’t moving that fast to fund your next round .
Their not committing quickly to that bridge .
Now is the time that you need “ all hands on deck . ”
That awesome gal you hired in engineering has job options and she knows it .
Your biz dev guy has a Rolodex and friends bugging him to join their startup .
And he has already vested 75 % of his stock options at your company .
Job hoppers are the first people to the door .
They ’re self centered .
They do n’t have a sense of loyalty to you despite the risks you took with them .
They do n’t understand the word commitment .
Believe me – you WILL have dark days .
And you will only have a handful of people you trust .
That person you ’re thinking about hiring who ’s 30 and had 5 - 6 jobs ins’t one of them about right now .
And as you know it is completely all consuming to find great new employees .
It is soul destroying to have to train “ yet another head of QA . ”
It is bad on team morale when good people quit .
The people who stay are often with you .
But sometimes it weakens their own resolve .
Especially when this job hopper has them out for drinks to talk about his cool new gig where the grass is currently greener .
And good VC ’s feel the same way .
When my company hit the fan in 2001 I could have easily walked and gotten a better paying job .
Anyone around then knows that B2B stood for “ back - to - banking ” and B2C stood for “ back - to - consulting . ”
I took people ’s money .
It was my job to stay and try and make things better .
When I ’m looking to fund somebody I care about that loyalty and integrity .
I can never know for sure but as I ’ve written about before I ’m certainly looking for resiliency .
Why are independent consultants just as bad ? -
I also avoid hiring people who have been independent consultants for the past 5 years “ advising ” companies on the sideline .
I know , I know .
I just added a whole new slew of people to hate me , but while they might make good consultants or even full - time contractors , they seldom make great permanent employees .
They ’ve already voted with their careers that they ’re not “ company people . ”
Yes , they too have their excuses .
” It was a tough economy .
I had to do what I could to earn money . ”
Cough .
If you want to hire them as contractors fine .
They ’re not bad people .
Just do n’t give up one of your valuable full - time management positions .
Why ?
Their fallback is too easy .
1 ) they know they can earn more money as a contractor and 2 ) they ’re already not worried about what being a long - term contractor looks like on their career trajectory .
By definition !
Why are so many people angry when you speak the truth on this topic ? -
Simply because the last 20 years has produced two generations of job hoppers .
It started with GenXer’s .
Many of us cut our teeth at work in the early 90’s .
We came off many generations of people who stayed their whole careers at IBM , DEC or XEROX .
We all lost our jobs through downsizing in the early 90’s and we felt scarred .
We realized that there was no such thing as “ corporate loyalty . ”
So you combine my generation of cynics with the GenY generation of ” entitlement ” ( until 2008 – you only saw BOOM years other than a short dot - com blip ) .
And you saw a crazy amount of 20 - somethings become millionaires and you confused that with yourself .
If you are a job hopper or semi- permanent contractor you ’re angry with me – but regardless – I speak the truth .
What can you do if you think you have too many transitions in your career ? -
All is not lost .
Renounce your past sins .
Grab a seat at your current employer and prove you can stay committed .
Or if you need that next job here is some advice :
Try to merge jobs on your resume .
I ’m not talking about lying .
Not at all .
But if your company was acquired after you were there for 15 months just merge it with the acquiring company .
If you worked somewhere for 6 months leave it out .
It ’s not worth it .
Listing it is a negative and unless it was interning for Ted Kennedy or Ronald Reagan it ’s most likely a liability .
A resume does not require you to list absolutely everything you ’ve ever done .
Do not lie .
If asked in an interview about the gap you can simple say , “ I joined a company for 6 months that was a total mistake .
I regretted it .
I figured I did n’t accomplish enough to put it on my resume .
Trying to make what I did there sound good on a resume would have been false .
If a company went bankrupt – put that in big words right after the company and title
If you ’re in a job interview own up to your mistakes .
Come right out with , “ yeah , I probably rushed into those two jobs because I was young .
I now realize the importance of picking the right company and I ’m looking for somewhere I can build my career . ”
If you get to the interview deal with the Elephants in the Room .
Talk about your mistakes and emphasize why in your future you ’re going to be so focused on longevity .
Or take this advice from Todd Defren at SHIFT communications
“ My advice then — and you may see it as biased — is to stay put for a while .
I am talking 3 – 5 years , at least .
There is no such thing as a perfect fit .
You must create the perfect fit .
This is your apprenticeship period .
It is supposed to suck .
There are supposed to be crummy days when you feel under - appreciated .
Such days will occur no matter who signs your paycheck .
But there are rewards for loyalty , I promise .
When I look around the table of my senior staff meetings at SHIFT , for example , most of the people at the meeting have been with the Agency for 5 – 10 years .
Some of them started out as interns , and now they run million - dollar teams .
All of ‘em are under 40 ( i.e. , it does n’t take forever ) . ”
What are some key things to avoid saying in an interview ? -
1. “ I was recruited away from that job .
The new company was willing to pay me more money / give me a title increase ” – what I hear , “ Three times ?
You were recruited away three times ?
You are n’t loyal .
The first company that offers you a higher check means you going to jump ship .
You ’re only about the money and yourself . ”
Believe me – people WILL offer you employees more money .
Job hoppers take it .
2. “ I was working for a lame boss .
I had to get out of there . ”
What I hear , “ You ’re difficult to work with .
You do n’t have gravitas .
Anybody with any common sense would know not to talk badly about a prior boss .
What will you say about me after you ’ve left ?
What will you say about me to your peers in my company when I make difficult decisions ? ”
3 . “ My stock was already vested so it was time to move on . ”
What I hear – “ You ’re in it for the money .
The day the carrot is gone so , too , are you . ”
I ’d rather fire you before I hire you .
OK .
Bring me the heat .
I can take it .
Especially since I ’m right on this one
This post was originally published on Mark 's blog , Both Sides of the Table .
It is republished here with permission .
Contrary to popular belief , the ups and downs of romantic relationships have a greater effect on the mental health of young men than women , according to a new study by a Wake Forest University sociology professor .
In the study of more than 1,000 unmarried young adults between the ages of 18 and 23 , Wake Forest Professor of Sociology Robin Simon challenges the long - held assumption that women are more vulnerable to the emotional rollercoaster of relationships .
Even though men sometimes try to present a tough face , unhappy romances take a greater emotional toll on men than women , Simon says .
They just express their distress differently than women .
Simon 's research is published in the June issue of the Journal of Health and Social Behavior .
Anne Barrett , associate professor of sociology at Florida State University , co-authored the article .
" Our paper sheds light on the association between non-marital romantic relationships and emotional well - being among men and women on the threshold of adulthood , " Simon says .
" Surprisingly , we found young men are more reactive to the quality of ongoing relationships . "
That means the harmful stress of a rocky relationship is more closely associated with men's than women 's mental health .
The researchers also found that men get greater emotional benefits from the positive aspects of an ongoing romantic relationship .
This contradicts the stereotypic image of stoic men who are unaffected by what happens in their romantic relationships .
Simon suggests a possible explanation for the findings :
For young men , their romantic partners are often their primary source of intimacy -- in contrast to young women who are more likely to have close relationships with family and friends .
Strain in a current romantic relationship may also be associated with poor emotional well - being because it threatens young men's identity and feelings of self - worth , she says .
She also explains how men and women express emotional distress in different ways .
" Women express emotional distress with depression while men express emotional distress with substance problems , " Simon says .
While young men are more affected emotionally by the quality of their current relationships , young women are more emotionally affected by whether they are in a relationship or not , Simon says .
So , young women are more likely to experience depression when the relationship ends or benefit more by simply being in a relationship .
For the study , Simon and Barrett analyzed data from a large sample of young adult men and women in south Florida .
The survey data was originally gathered for a long - term study of mental health and the transition to adulthood .
Simon says there is much still to learn about these relationships between men and women in early adulthood , so she advocates for more research on this prolonged and varied period in the life course that is characterized by identity exploration , a focus on the self , and forging new relationships .
I have just finished watching Argentina demolish South Korea , 4 - 1 , at the Soccer City Stadium in Johannesburg .
While my eyes were fixed on Lionel Messi , Carlos Tevez and the rest of the Albicelestes -- not to mention their coach , Diego Maradona -- my ears were tuned elsewhere .
As usual , the drone of the vuvuzelas was omnipresent , but there was something not quite right about it all .
The more I looked around the stadium , the more blocks of fans I examined through binoculars , the fewer of the annoying plastic horns I saw .
I checked and double - checked .
I had other reporters sitting near me do the same thing .
The consensus was that there seemed to be much more vuvuzela noise than there were people actually blowing into the confounded things .
So the question is this :
Is the racket being played over World Cup stadium public address systems and , if so , to what end ?
Is it to generate atmosphere ?
Is it to sell vuvuzelas ?
Do Joseph ( " always one to blow my own horn " )
Blatter and his friends have a stake in the burgeoning vuvuzela marketplace ?
Or was it simply my ears deceiving me ?
To be honest , I do n't know the answer .
It just seemed to me that there was a much louder volume of sound than could be produced by a few hundred , or even a few thousand , people " playing " the vuvuzela .
Perhaps a sound engineer somewhere can compare the audiotape from the South Africa - Mexico opening game with the tape from Wednesday 's game and see if they match in any way .
A note to television viewers in the U.S. : the next time the cameras pan the crowd , see if your eyes can see what your ears are telling you you should be seeing .
Send your observations in this direction .
I 'm all ears .
-- Grahame L. Jones in Johannesburg , South Africa
As the Canadian Heritage Minister James Moore has declared war on copyright reformers who object to his plan to bring US - style " digital locks " rules to Canada , I think it 's worth spelling out what my objections , as a Canadian author , are to his plan ( my books are distributed across Canada by the excellent HB Fenn ; last year I won the Ontario White Pine Award for best book ; as I write this , my novel For the Win is on the Canadian bestseller lists ) .
Minister Moore has proposed a law that would give near - absolute protection to " digital locks " that control use , access and copying of works stored on a computer , mobile device , set - top box , etc .
This is nearly the same policy that the US has had since 1998 , when it brought down the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( actually , the American version is slightly better , since they 've built in a regular review of the policy ) .
In the intervening 12 years , we 've learned two things about digital locks :
1 . They do n't work .
Even the most sophisticated digital locks are usually broken in a matter of hours or days .
And where they 're not broken , it 's mainly because you can get the same works by another means — rather than breaking the iTunes lock , you break the easier Zune lock ( or vice - versa ) , because you can get the same songs either way .
So digital locks do n't stop piracy .
All they do is weaken the case for buying music , movies and books instead of ripping them off — after all , no one woke up this morning wishing there was a way to do less with her music .
So how could adding a digital lock make a paid product more attractive than the free version ?
2 . They transfer power to technology firms at the expense of copyright holders .
The proposed Canadian rules on digital locks mirror the US version in that they ban breaking a digital lock for virtually any reason .
So even if you 're trying to do something legal ( say , ripping a CD to put it on your MP3 player ) , you 're still on the wrong side of the law if you break a digital lock to do it .
Here 's what that means for creators : if Apple , or Microsoft , or Google , or TiVo , or any other tech company happens to sell my works with a digital lock , only they can give you permission to take the digital lock off .
The person who created the work and the company that published it have no say in the matter .
So if you buy $ 1,000 worth of digitally locked books for your Kindle or iPad , the author and the publisher can't give you the right to move those to another device .
That means that not only are you locked into the Kindle — so is the copyright holder .
Authors and publishers who decide to stop selling via a digitally locked platform have to take the risk that their readers will abandon their investment in proprietary books in order to follow them to the next device .
So that 's Minister Moore 's version of " author 's rights " — any tech company that happens to load my books on their device or in their software ends up usurping my copyrights .
I may have written the book , sweated over it , poured my heart into it — but all my rights are as nothing alongside the rights that Apple , Microsoft , Sony and the other DRM tech - giants get merely by assembling some electronics in a Chinese sweatshop .
That 's the " creativity " that the new Canadian copyright law rewards : writing an ebook reader , designing a tablet , building a phone .
Those " creators " get more say in the destiny of Canadian artists ' copyrights than the artists themselves .
It does n't have to be this way .
If Minister Moore is serious about protecting actual creators — the Canadians who write books , who design games , who perform music , who produce films and TV shows — then all he has to do is insert a simple exception to his digital locks rule :
A copyright proprietor may authorize the public to remove a digital lock in order to gain access and to use of his copyrighted works
Get that ?
People who create stuff should have the right to let their audiences move copyrighted works to other platforms .
I challenge Minister Moore to climb down from his nasty smears about copyright reformers and address this and other legitimate concerns over digital locks rules .
Thousands and thousands of Canadians spoke out against this kind of rule in the Canadian copyright proceedings .
James
Moore has tabled a bill that ignores the results of his own consultation , and then had the bad grace to smear the creators and audiences who , in good faith , came forward to participate in the debate over the future of Canadian copyright .
He owes us an apology .
And an explanation .
The " American Dream " means different things to different people , but according to a new poll from Xavier University Americans think it is increasingly harder to attain , even as they say hard work makes the dream possible .
When asked if it is now harder or easier to attain " the American Dream " than it was for their parents ' generation , 60 percent of Xavier 's 1,022 respondents said it 's getting harder ; 68 percent , meanwhile , said it will be even harder for their children than it is for them .
The poll was conducted Feb. 14-21 by Fairbank , Maslin , Maullin , Metz & Associates ( FM3 ) for Xavier 's Institute for Politics and the American Dream , reaching respondents over 18 years old via land lines and cell phones .
Margin of error was +/-3.1 percent .
Xavier plans to release a similar poll every year - - today 's was the first .
Even as people think it 's getting harder to achieve the dream , Xavier found , they still believe -- more or less -- that it 's possible with hard work : 35 percent said the American dream is " entirely " dependent on hard work , while 53 percent said it 's roughly an even mix of hard work and good luck / circumstances .
And 67 percent think they can achieve it in their lifetimes .
Fifty - eight percent , meanwhile , said America itself is in decline .
Today 's the big day : Motorola 's getting back into the high - end Android game in a big way with the launch of the Droid X on Verizon , and we 're here for the official announcement .
Read on for the juicy details in real time !
Windows : Having a full Linux operating system on a USB thumb drive is pretty neat .
Having that OS customized , with your own favorite apps and all your settings intact , is far more helpful .
This Windows tool makes that possible .
Advertisement
Universal USB
Installer is a stand - alone application that automates the process of downloading , formatting , and installing a Linux OS to a USB drive , as well as implementing a variable amount of " persistence . "
" Persistence " means that when you swap out Firefox for Chrome , change keyboard shortcuts , store files in your home directory , or make other changes to your portable Linux , they stick from boot - up to boot - up — which is n't the case with most portable Linux distributions .
If you 've already downloaded a Linux installation ISO and run Universal USB Installer from the same directory the ISO is in , the app will find it and use it for the installation , rather than download another copy .
Most useful of all , your USB drive can still be read by Windows when you 're done formatting , so creating a " Storage " folder on the drive gives you some room to maneuver whenever a simple storage space is needed .
Advertisement
Universal USB
Installer is a free download that runs on Windows systems .
If you 've found another tool for making persistent USB Linux systems , you 'd better believe we want to hear about it in the comments .
Universal USB Installer [ USB Pen Drive Linux ]
Posted on June 16 , 2010
School Kids Chant : " I Am An Obama Scholar "
School children are led by a teacher in a chant that begins with " I will be anything I want to be . "
At one point during the incantation the teacher asks the students to repeat the phrase " I am an Obama scholar . "
( from : Lincoln Bassett Middle School in New Haven , Connecticut )
For a recent edition of the Swiss Computerworld Magazine we listed our Top 10 Performance Problems as we have seen them over the years when working with our clients .
I hope this list is enlightening – and I ’ve included follow - up links to the blogs to help better understand how to solve these problems :
# 1 : Too Many Database Calls
The problem we see the most are too many database query per request / transaction .
There are 3 specific phenomena to witness
More data is requested is than actually required in the context of the current transaction , e.g. : requesting all account information instead of those that we need to display on the current screen .
The same data is requested multiple times .
This usually happens when different components involved in the same transaction act independently from one another and each requests the same set of data .
It is unknown what type of data has already been loaded in the current context so we end up with the same queries multiple times .
Multiple queries are executed to retrieve a certain set of data .
This is often a result of not taken full advantage of complex SQL statements or stored procedures to retrieve the data in one batch .
# 2 : Synchronized to Death
There is no question that synchronization is necessary to protect shared data in an application .
Too often developers make the mistake to over - synchronize , e.g. : excessively - large code sequences are synchronized .
Under low load ( on the local developers workstation ) performance wo n’t be a problem .
In a high - load or production environment over - synchronization results in severe performance and scalability problems .
# 3 : Too chatty on the remoting channels
Many libraries out there make remote communication seem like a piece of cake .
There is hardly any difference for the developer to call a local vs. remote method .
The lack of understanding of what is really going on under the remoting - hood makes people forget about things like latency , serialization , network traffic and memory usage that come with every remoting call .
The easy way of using these technologies results in too many calls across these remoting boundaries and in the end causes performance and scalability problems .
Further Reading : Performance Considerations in Distributed Applications
# 4 : Wrong usage of O/R - Mappers
Object - Relational Mappers take a big burden off developers ’ shoulders – loading and persisting objects in the database .
As with any framework there usually are many configuration options to optimize the usage of the O/R Mapper for current application use cases .
Faulty settings and incorrect usage of the framework itself too often result in unexpected performance and scalability problems within these frameworks .
Make sure you make yourself familiar with all options and learn about the internals of these libraries that you rely on .
Managed runtime environments such as Java and .NET have the advantage of helping with memory management by offering Garbage Collectors .
A GC , however , does not prevent memory leaks .
Objects that are “ forgotten ” will stick around in memory and ultimately lead to a memory leak that may cause an OutOfMemoryException .
It is important to release object references as soon as they are no longer needed .
# 6 : Problematic 3rd Party Code / Components
Nobody is writing all of the functionality of a new application on their own .
We use existing 3rd party libraries to speed up our development process .
Not only do we speed up our output – but we also increase performance risks introduced by these components .
Even though most frameworks are well documented and have been thoroughly tested , there is no guarantee that these frameworks run as expected in every use case they are included .
3rd party code is often used incorrectly or in ways that have not been tested .
It is therefore important to make an in - depth check of every framework before introducing it into your code .
Further Read : Top SharePoint Performance Mistakes
# 7 : Wasteful handling of scarce resources
Resources such as memory , CPU , I/O or the database are scarce .
Wasteful handling of these resources results in lack of access to these resources by others and ultimately leads to performance and scalability issues .
A good example : database connections that are kept open for too long .
Connections must only be used for the time period they are really needed , e.g. : for a query – and then returned to the connection pool .
We often see that connections are requested early on in the request handler and are not released until the very end which leads to a classic bottleneck situation .
# 8 : Bloated web frontends
Thanks to high - speed web access many users have a better end - user experience in the World Wide Web .
The downside of this trend is that many applications get packed with too much stuff – they become bloated – which ultimately leads to bad browsing behavior .
Particularly users that do not yet have high - speed internet access suffer the most .
Too many images that are too large ; failure to use or incorrect usage of the browser cache ; or overly - aggressive usage of JavaScript / AJAX – all result in performance problems in the browser .
Following the existing Best Practices on Web Site Performance Optimization can solve most of these problems :
# 9 : Wrong Cache Strategy leads to excessive Garbage Collection
Caching objects in memory to avoid constant roundtrips to the database is one way to boost performance .
Caching too many objects – or objects that are hardly ever used quickly changes the advantage of caching into a disadvantage due to higher memory usage and increased GC activity .
Before implementing a caching strategy you have to figure out which objects to cache and which objects not to cache in order to avoid these types of performance and scalability problems :
Further Read : Java Memory Problems
# 10 : Intermittent Problems
Intermittent problems are hard to find .
These are usually problems that occur with specific input parameters or only happen under certain load conditions .
Full test coverage – functional as well as load and performance coverage – will uncover most of these problems early on before they become real problems for real users .
( Bonus Problem ) # 11 : Expensive Serialization
With remoting communication – such as Web Services , RMI or WCF – objects need to serialized by the caller in order to be transferred over the network .
The callee on the other side needs to de-serialize the object before it can be used .
Transformation , therefore , happens on both sides of the call resulting in some overhead while doing so .
It is important to understand what type of serialization is required by both ends and what the optimal choice of serialization and transport type is .
Different types of serialization have a different impact on performance , scalability , memory usage and network traffic .
Further Read : Performance Considerations in Distributed Applications
Learning from Zappos , Monster & Co
We often ask our customers to tell their stories in a webinar .
They share their challenges with performance management , how they overcame those challenges , and , the Best Practices they ’ve developed from those experiences .
I recommend listening in to the stories from Zappos , Monster , Insight , Novell , PeopleClick , SmithMicro or Thomson Reuters .
You can listen to to these recorded webinars and learn to what they have to say
Singing sensation , sex symbol , rumored hermaphrodite ... and celibacy advocate ?
If you 've seen her music or seen any Lady Gaga pictures , you know about her racy , sexually - charged songs and outfits .
But the star says she 's celibate .
Come on ... really ?
Really .
" I ca n’t believe I ’m saying this – do n’t have sex , " Lady Gaga told the UK's Daily Mail while discussing her role in Mac ’s Viva Glam campaign , which supports global HIV and AIDS projects .
" I ’m single right now and I ’ve chosen to be single . "
" Because I do n’t have the time to get to know anybody , " she said .
" So it ’s OK not to have sex , it ’s OK to get to know people .
I ’m celibate , celibacy ’s fine . "
Celibacy is something Lady Gaga wants " to celebrate " with her fans .
" It ’s OK to be whomever it is that you want to be , " she said .
" You do n’t have to have sex to feel good about yourself .
If you ’re not ready , do n’t do it .
If you are ready , there are free condoms given away at my concerts when you ’re leaving ! "
She 's a real humanitarian .
The important thing , Lady Gaga said , is to be true to yourself : " I remember the cool girls when I was growing up .
Everyone started to have sex .
But it ’s not really cool any more to have sex all the time .
It ’s cooler to be strong and independent . "
Unlike Bristol Palin , she practices what she preaches .
Says she 's proud to be a role model , too .
" When you ’re in the public eye , you ’re a role model whether you want to be or not .
I want to be .
I ’m not one of those self - obsessed artists who do n’t care about their fans .
It ’s not just about the music . "
Gaga said she has a " responsibility " to fans and that " and you ’re an idiot if you do n’t know that . "
Wow , is this girl surprisingly grounded and smart or what ?
Last year , I wrote an article about why Americans do n’t travel overseas .
It still ranks as my most popular post , sparking both agreement and controversy .
In an 800 word post that could take up a novel , I tried to explain why Americans do n’t travel overseas .
Many people agreed with me , many people did n’t .
No matter what , we all agreed that Americans should travel more .
The current percentage of Americans that own a passport is now around 21 % , up from 15 % years ago .
Unfortunately , this common statistic is hard to back up as the state department does n’t really keep records .
Yet the number of Americans who traveled overseas has decreased overall since 2006 .
( Source : OTTI )
So why did we all go get passports ?
Because we are now required to have passports for travel to Canada , Mexico , and the Caribbean .
In fact , Mexico travel is up while European travel is down .
Americans did n’t find a new sense of adventure .
They are still not traveling .
And the reasons remain the same .
Are Geography and Cost Really Relevant ?
Many people countered my argument by saying that geography and cost were big factors but if cost and geography played a role in determining where you traveled , no one would ever travel .
Yet New Zealand is the middle of nowhere and how many more Kiwis do you meet traveling than Americans ?
How many more Aussies ?
Poverty is poverty .
No matter where you are in the world , if you do n’t have money , you do n’t travel .
But is it that much more expensive to fly from America ?
Nope !
A flight from LAX to BKK is $ 787 dollars .
A flight from London to BKK is $ 654 .
A flight from Sydney to BKK is $ 794 .
Americans bear no extra cost burden relative to the rest of the world .
And the geography argument ?
Well , I ’ll get to that one in a second .
Fear , Awareness , and Priorities
The reasons why Americans do n’t travel overseas can be mostly explained by one thing : cultural ignorance .
Many people in the previous post assumed I meant Americans were stupid .
I was n’t implying that .
Americans are ignorant in that they do n’t know about the world .
We all have seen the Jay walking clips and the skits on TV where Americans can’t name foreign leaders or countries .
Moreover , as education budgets continue to get slashed , humanity courses are usually the first to go meaning people learn very little world history .
In some states , the whole world has to be explained in one year .
Additionally , surveys show that news agencies devoted only 10.3 % to foreign coverage in 2008 ( source ) while oddly , 13 % went to some polygamy case in Texas .
Americans are simply not told about the world or clamoring to know about it .
And why should they be ?
Politicians and media paint the world as a scary place , filled with crime , hate , terrorists .
Bill O’Reilly , a man who clearly has never been to Amsterdam , has called that city a cesspool .
( Twice ! )
My mother constantly tells me when I go anywhere in the world to “ be careful ” as if the world is a big scary place .
Many of my old co-workers do the same .
We are constantly told that there is great anti-Americanism in the world - wherever you go , people will dislike you .
( A fallacy that is rarely disproven in media ) .
Moreover , America ’s hegemony since WW2 has ensured that we have been the dominant force in the world .
Despite the rise of China , Brazil , and India , our politicians tell us everything in America is the best ( yet # 38 in health care ) .
Countries will always do what we want .
America is the leader .
We are the city upon a hill .
And when you are the best , why go to “ godforsaken ” countries where they hate you for being American and might rob you ?
And this is why geography does play a role in why Americans do n’t travel .
It ’s not that America ’s size makes travel prohibitive , its size is important because people feel there is no reason to leave .
We do n’t need to travel to “ big scary places ” when we have deserts , tropical islands , mountains , endless summer , wilderness , snow , and more .
Every landscape can be found within America ’s large borders .
You can have everything you want here .
A friend from Iowa once joined me in Thailand .
When she told her co-workers about it , their response was “ Thailand ?
Where is that ?
Why would you go there ?
If you want a beach , go to Florida . ”
Lastly , travel is often viewed as a sign of weakness .
Americans typically get about two weeks of travel per year .
Overseas , the average is about 4 - 5 weeks , not including sick leave .
So time is a major factor .
It makes more sense to fly to Australia for 3 weeks than it does for 1 .
But there is more to it than that .
Travel is not a priority here .
In the trade off between time and money , Americans choose work and money .
While I was home , there was a story on TV about how there is a growing trend to take only ONE week of vacation .
Two consecutive weeks is considered too many .
It ’s a sign that your work is n’t important , you are n’t a team player , or you are lazy .
Workers are made to feel guilty about leaving .
And , in this tough job market , no one wants to seem less than 110 % committed .
Why the majority of Americans do n’t travel abroad is a complex issue that is more cultural than anything else .
Geography and cost are minor issues when compared with the importance we give work and isolation .
As I said last year , and have expanded upon here , Americans do n’t travel because we are simply uninformed about the world and told that we do n’t need to be - it ’s scary out there , go to Florida with your one week instead .
Change ?
Last year , I had said I had seen signs of hope that this will change .
Younger people are more engaged and more interested in the world .
The internet has made people more at ease meeting people around the world .
But the cultural forces pushing against them are strong .
A weak economy , a weak dollar , and a weakening US have seemed to make America more isolationist .
I do n’t know the future .
But I do know that right now , Americans still are n’t traveling overseas .
And , sadly , that wo n’t change any time soon .
St John has literally been covered by a rain cloud for the past few days , which makes photographic explorations of the island nearly impossible ( unless you have an underwater housing - which I do n’t … yet ! ) .
So my Saturday afternoon and evening was spent compositing a number of photos that we ’ve taken while being on the island .
You can find them here :
http://www.accidentalphotography.com/2010/05/st-john-watermelon-bay/
http://www.accidentalphotography.com/2010/05/st-john-reef-bay-trail/
http://www.accidentalphotography.com/2010/06/a-short-post/
http://www.accidentalphotography.com/2010/05/photoshop-switcheroo/
the donkeys , palms , and emily ( in the car ) come from images that we ’ve not yet posted .
Radical Cutbacks German Government Agrees on Historic Austerity Program
The German government put together the largest austerity package since World War II on Monday , with spending cuts and new business levies aimed at saving 80 billion euros by 2014 .
Chancellor Angela Merkel says Germany , as Europe 's largest economy , must set an example .
Neill Blomkamp is the ‘ Hobbit ’ director – maybe
at 4:51 pm by June 18 , 20104:51 pm by MrCere
Before anybody gets crazy , let me be clear that we are not reporting that Neill Blomkamp is the director of ‘ The Hobbit ’ .
I am not ready to put my name or TheOneRing ’s name on a story that says this is fact .
However , we did receive a spy report that stated it as cold , hard , unsurprising fact .
We have n’t been able to get a verification but the tip stated some other information on the side that fits with other info from other sources .
A bunch of little pieces of information , some rock solid , some unclear , start to form a big picture that looks like it could have Blomkamp in it .
I promise to explain it all if you will keep reading !
MGM and Warner Bros. want Peter Jackson to direct both movies adapted from “ The Hobbit . ”
They are trying to talk him into it because his name can carry the films and is an obvious and bankable marketing strategy .
The problem is , Jackson really did n’t and really does n’t want to be the director .
If he did , he would n’t have hired Guillermo del Toro and he would already have stepped into the void and taken on the mantle .
He leaves LOTR as his legacy and does n’t feel comfortable competing against himself in that same arena .
One way or another , if it is PJ vs. PJ , PJ loses .
One of those rock solid sources tell us that he is doing everything he can to serve the film but still not step into that role .
He had plans to rarely or never even visit the set with del Toro on the project but even now he still hopes to be a guide rather than an overseer .
This will be a lot more likely and possible if he works with a director with whom he has an established relationship .
This points toward Neill Blomkamp .
The two have a relationship of Jackson mentoring without taking over .
They trust each other .
Despite not having a named director , the production is moving forward as if all were well and that info is oozing out from every crack everywhere .
I am getting contacted by a lot of people involved in the casting process and it is in full swing .
Auditions and all the surrounding busy work is happening with the same team that worked on LOTR .
One less familiar spy told us that some casting decisions have even been made , specifically regarding a dwarf or two .
Directors may not have the complete casting control that outsiders imagine but doing that without a director seemed a little strange .
Could it be a fib or could there be a director in place ?
With Comic - Con coming up ( including a TORn panel to kick it off Thursday , July 22 ) perhaps the studio is waiting to have the world ’s popular culture press gathered in one spot to make its big announcement .
That keeps Jackson from breaking the news here at TheOneRing .
net as he and del Toro did .
Another new spy claims that shooting is n’t scheduled for the end of the year as Ian McKellen and previously mentioned spies have speculated but for the very beginning of 2011 .
We have been posting Hobbiton - under - construction pictures for months and New Zealand ’s sometimes crazy weather dictates that you shoot there in the summer so December and January are the right time to begin production .
All this points toward the need for a director or perhaps already having one in place .
We also dug out the Warner Bros. report as part of the Time Warner company report from a few weeks ago .
The big wigs speak and inspire hope in investors and share holders and explain how the company is moving forward .
Warners spoke of two Hobbit films and even used a graphic in its presentation .
( Humorously enough , it was a fan - produced , photoshoped image that has been used on the net for years now that Warners presented as its Hobbit imagry ! )
The point is , the big boys , the brass , the decision makers , the powerful , the rich and the accountable want this thing going forward .
Those guys are smart enough to know , and its obvious from the rest of the presentation , that when del Toro walked away , they took a financial hit and lost an asset .
They value talent and they know they lost some .
This is why they are pushing for Jackson but they realize other talent can be less famous and still be worthwhile .
Who can make them money ?
So now this spy report has come in from somebody claiming , well , lets see exactly what was said .
After some offhand details that rang very true , we got to the news nugget :
( I ) was given the breakdown details for the film , which included who the director is : Neil Bloomkamp .
Spelling aside , it just fits the bigger picture .
On a personal note , I spent some time with Jackson and Blomkamp at Comic - Con last year in an interview room and attended the world and geek premiere of “ District 9 . ”
While everybody is obligated to speak well of colleagues in such situations , the two of them were seemingly completely at ease with each other and complimented each other .
From my first - hand experience , its easy to imagine them wanting to work well together .
This was before Blomkamp ’s modestly budgeted sci- fi film without a single known star set in Johannesburg went on to be a surprise big earner and received a “ Best Picture ” Oscar nomination .
Talent .
Those who believe he can only make documentary - style splatter films with clever curse - word filled dialog are selling the young talent very short .
In short we know from lots of sources :
1. Jackson does n’t want to do it
2 . He wants somebody he trusts and can be sure of
3 . Casting is happening now
4 . Pre-pre-production is happening now
5. MGM and Warners need a talent in place yesterday
6 . The platform for making a big genre splash announcement is approaching
7 . The schedule fits with rumors from many sources
8 . Many spies are sounding similar notes
9 . One tells us they have seen the film breakdown with Blomkamp directing
So is Neill Blomkamp going to direct “ The Hobbit ” ?
Could be .
My personal opinion is that this information is correct .
If you have further information about this or anything related please e-mail our news team at Spymaster@TheOneRing.net or me at MrCere@TheOneRing.net .
Username Password Forgotten Password ?
10 years of offering lower ping !
We kicked off on 29th September 2010 and are to this day still helping gamers receive a lower ping and more stable connections to their games .
That is certainly very satisfying for us .
We continue to offer the same customer service through both by email and our support forum .
From the team , thank you and please Keep Safe !
Payment options for our lower ping service >>>>
Forum post
Canadian Mazda dealer responds to overpriced car sale – Click above to watch the video after the jump
Over the weekend , we brought you the story of Madeline Leonard , a Canadian woman on disability who was pressured into the sale of a 2010 Mazda6 sedan when she came in to have some work done on her 2004 model year vehicle .
Not only did she drive off of the lot in a new car she did n't really want ( a demo car with around 3,700 miles , no less ) , she was ridiculously overcharged .
The dealer sold her the car at a $ 45,846 CAD list price with an eight - year loan at 7.4 percent interest , bringing the grand total of the transaction to $ 66,000 CAD .
Now , the Orangeville , Ontario Mazda dealership has responded , saying that the two employees mainly responsible for this sale have been fired .
What 's more , the dealer plans to take the car back and refund Leonard all of the money that she has paid up to this point .
That may be all well and good , but OMVIC says that the people involved could potentially face fines of up to $ 250,000 , and possibly even do some time in jail .
Leonard , who is taking medication for a number of problems including fibromyalgia , osteoarthritis , depression and anxiety , says that she feels cheated , lied to and manipulated .
Understandably so , especially since an investigation by the Ontario Motor Vehicle Industry Council ( OMVIC ) determined that the vehicle she purchased is only worth about $ 40,000 CAD .
Justice will indeed be served .
Hit the jump to watch a video of this story which ran on a Toronto area news station .
Hat tip to Jeff ! [ Source : CityNews.ca
Huzzah , it 's time for another risible media query from Help a Reporter Out , where flacks and desperate journalists connect .
Put on your thinking caps :
Can you come up with a bright side to this oil spill ?
Anyone ? [ UPDATED below ] .
1 ) Summary : The Good Side of the Oil Spill Name : Gary Hewing ( CNN )
Category : Biotech and Healthcare Email : query-ce7@helpareporter.com Media Outlet : CNN Deadline : 04:00 PM EST - 2 June Query : Looking for pitches : The Good Side of the Oil Spill - if there is
any .
Does this post count ?
UPDATE : HARO is a wonderful source of idiot press queries , but this one may not be real .
CNN PR man Nigel Pritchard emails us : " Gary Hewing is not a CNN employee - and never has been .
He is not working on CNN 's behalf and should not be identified as such .
It is a real shame no one bothered to check the facts with us first . "
Indeed , although there is a Twitter account for Gary Hewing ( CNNGary ) which says he books shows for CNN Radio , we can't find any other documentation of him being employed by CNN .
Regarding Hewing 's purported employer , Pritchard says " CNN has taken action in regards to a radio station that brands itself ' CNN 650 Houston ' however we do not know if Gary Hewing is affiliated with that radio station . "
Gary , if you 're out there with anything to say , email me .
[ Update : Hey CNN , Doonesbury is here to help . ]
In 1986 , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that if a pattern of discrimination emerged in a lawyer 's use of peremptory challenges during jury selection , a judge could require the lawyer to give a race - neutral reason for why the juror was dismissed .
But is that ruling , Batson v. Kentucky , and those that followed it , doing enough to keep racism out of the jury - selection process ?
That 's ...
� Not Quite Overnight Thread | Main | Congressman Pete Stark ( D - CA ) : " Our Borders are Quite Secure � Blame the EPA : Dutch Oil Spill Response Ships Could Suck 99 % of Oil From Gulf , But Can't Get Approved , Because EPA Demands 99.9985 % Purity
And blame the dreamy - headed idealists .
And blame everyone who allowed this to come to pass .
Why does neither the U.S. government nor U.S. energy companies have on hand the cleanup technology available in Europe ?
Ironically , the superior European technology runs afoul of U.S. environmental rules .
The voracious Dutch vessels , for example , continuously suck up vast quantities of oily water , extract most of the oil and then spit overboard vast quantities of nearly oil - free water .
Nearly oil - free is n't good enough for the U.S. regulators , who have a standard of 15 parts per million -- if water is n't at least 99.9985 % pure , it may not be returned to the Gulf of Mexico .
When ships in U.S. waters take in oil - contaminated water , they are forced to store it .
As U.S. Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , the official in charge of the clean - up operation , explained in a press briefing on June 11 , " We have skimmed , to date , about 18 million gallons of oily water -- the oil has to be decanted from that [ and ] our yield is usually somewhere around 10 % or 15 % on that . "
In other words , U.S. ships have mostly been removing water from the Gulf , requiring them to make up to 10 times as many trips to storage facilities where they off - load their oil - water mixture , an approach Koops calls " crazy . "
The Americans , overwhelmed by the catastrophic consequences of the BP spill , finally relented and took the Dutch up on their offer -- but only partly .
Because the U.S. did n't want Dutch ships working the Gulf , the U.S. airlifted the Dutch equipment to the Gulf and then retrofitted it to U.S. vessels .
And rather than have experienced Dutch crews immediately operate the oil - skimming equipment , to appease labour unions the U.S. postponed the clean - up operation to allow U.S. crews to be trained .
A catastrophe that could have been averted is now playing out .
Unconscionable .
Unconscionable .
I read , two weeks ago , two things I could not comprehend : 1 ) Kevin Costner 's oil - separating machines worked and 2 ) Kevin Costner 's oil - separating machines still had to be cleared by the EPA for use What ?
What ?
Now I understand :
These machines work ( and the Dutch machines ) , but as neither offers the 99.9 % purity the EPA demands , it 's better to let the coasts be destroyed and the fish killed for a generation .
Note : I am guestimating the 99 % figure .
The article does n't specify how clean the Dutch vehicles scrub the oil .
I think 99 % sounds about ballpark , given that the article says " nearly oil - free . "
Can It Get Worse ?
Just maybe it can .
posted by Ace at
| Access Comments posted by Ace at 07:49 PM
Recent Comments Recent Entries Search Polls !
Polls !
Polls !
Frequently Asked Questions
The ( Almost ) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens Greatest Hitjobs
If James Bond were a journalist and not a spy , Q would give him a Livescribe Pulse Smartpen .
It ’s a larger than average ball - point pen with a built - in microphone and digital audio recorder .
This allows you to record audio while taking notes .
An audio recorder built - in to a pen makes it ideal for interviewing people .
But it gets better .
The Pulse Smartpen also records handwritten notes and links them to the audio .
This allows you to set bookmarks , so you can recall passages of audio instantly by tapping the pen .
And it connects to a PC to back - up your audio and handwritten notes – where you can use the files with conventional software .
It sounds magical .
And in practice it feels like it .
I used the pen to conduct a couple of interviews and can report it delivers on its promise .
Prices start at around US$ 150 .
Livescribe Pulse Smartpen does journalism
I love how the pen does n’t get in the way of an interview .
People happily talk to a note scribbling journalist – it ’s another thing entirely when you shove a microphone in their face .
The sound quality is surprisingly good .
One interview took place in a noisy room – yet the Smartpen picked up my questions and the interviewee ’s answers without a lot of the background noise .
It was less successful when I did a trial run in a busy café .
In a quiet room it works well .
An external headphone and microphone are packaged with the pen .
Livescribe says this gives better quality recordings but I did n’t use it as it would be off - putting for interviewees .
In practice I found it hard to remember to set bookmarks in mid-interview .
After a couple of pages of notes I set bookmarks at the top of each page – this made it easier to navigate when I went back over the interview .
It ’s not paperless
The Livescribe Pulse Smartpen only takes me part way on my paperless journalist quest– but it does cut the amount of paper I need to store .
When you write with the pen , it puts ink on a page in the conventional way .
But to get the best results you have to use the pen with special notepaper – called Dot Paper – which is more expensive than normal paper and only available from Livescribe .
Dot Paper has the buttons needed to control the pen printed on each page – which means you do n’t need to struggle with controls on the pen itself .
You can download you your digital handwritten notes to your computer .
Which means you do n’t need to keep notebooks once they are full .
Negatives
Dot Paper notebooks are expensive and they are not widely available here in New Zealand – as a journalist I can see myself quickly running out of the special paper .
Thankfully you can print out more paper using your own printer if you need some in a hurry – but this is even more expensive than the official paper .
The pen also uses special ball - point ink cartridges – these are only small and at a guess I ’d say they probably do n’t last as long as normal ball - points .
Paperless positives
One surprising plus was the relatively long battery life , I found the pen works for days without needing a recharge .
Also the 2GB of Ram is plenty , I have n’t come close to running out of space .
The pen docks into a USB cradle and downloads data quickly to a PC – usually it just takes seconds .
The Windows software bundled with the Smartpen is better than I expected and the small lcd display on the pen is excellent .
Pushing the envelope
The basic Livescribe Pulse Smartpen stores notes as images .
Handwriting recognition is n’t included in the standard package , but a $ 40 add - on from Vision Objects does the job .
I ’ll be testing this shortly .
I ’ve tried feeding the audio from the Smartpen to Nuance ’s Dragon Dictate voice recognition software with little success .
I ’d be interested to hear from anyone else attempting this .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Turkey and the Neocons
It could n’t be more predictable .
Back when Israel and Turkey were strategic allies with extensive military - to - military ties , prominent neoconservatives were vocal defenders of the Turkish government and groups like the Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) and AIPAC encouraged Congress not to pass resolutions that would have labeled what happened to the Armenians at the hands of the Turks during World War I a " genocide . "
( The " Armenian lobby " is no slouch , but it ’s no match for AIPAC and its allies in the Israel lobby ) .
The fact that the ADL was in effect protecting another country against the charge of genocide is more than a little ironic , but who ever said that political organizations had to be ethically consistent ?
Once relations between Israel and Turkey began to fray , however — fueled primarily by Turkish anger over Israel ’s treatment of the Palestinians — the ADL and AIPAC withdrew their protection and Congressional defenders of Israel began switching sides , too .
Last week Jim Lobe published a terrific piece at InterPress Service , detailing how prominent neoconservatives have switched from being strong supporters ( and in some cases well - paid consultants ) of the Turkish government to being vehement critics .
He lays out the story better than I could , but I have a few comments to add .
First , if this does n’t convince you that virtually all neoconservatives are deeply Israeli - centric , then nothing will .
This affinity is hardly a secret ; indeed , neocon pundit Max Boot once declared that support for Israel was a " key tenet " of neoconservatism .
But the extent of their attachment to Israel is sometimes disguised by the claim that what they really care about is freedom and democracy , and therefore they support Israel simply because it is " the only democracy in the Middle East . "
But now we see the neoconservatives turning on Turkey , even though it is a well - functioning democracy , a member of NATO , and a strong ally of the United States .
Of course , Turkey ’s democracy is n’t perfect , but show me one that is .
The neocons have turned from friends of Turkey to foes for one simple reason : Israel .
Specifically , the Turkish government has been openly critical of Israel ’s conduct toward the Palestinians , beginning with the blockade of Gaza , ramping up after the brutal bombardment of Gaza in 2008 - 2009 , and culminating in the lethal IDF attack on the Gaza Freedom Flotilla .
As Lobe shows , a flock of prominent neoconservatives are now busily demonizing Turkey , and in some cases calling for its expulsion from NATO .
Thus , whether a state is democratic or not matters little for the neocons ; what matters for them is whether a state backs Israel or not .
So if you ’re still wondering why so many neoconservatives worked overtime to get the U.S. to invade Iraq — even though Osama bin Laden was in Afghanistan or Pakistan — and why they are now pushing for war with Iran , well , there ’s your answer .
As I ’ve said repeatedly , there ’s nothing wrong with any American feeling a deep attachment to a foreign country and expressing it in politics , provided that they are open and honest about it and provided that other people can raise the issue without being accused of some sort of bigotry .
The neocons ’ recent volte - face over Turkey is important because it reveals their policy priorities with particular clarity , and Lobe deserves full points for documenting it for us .
One last comment .
Neoconservatives usually portray American and Israeli interests as essentially identical :
In their eyes , what is good for Israel is good for the United States and vice versa .
This claim makes unconditional U.S. support seem like a good idea , and it also insulates them from the charge that they are promoting Israel ’s interests over America’s .
After all , if the interests of the two states are really one and the same , then by definition there can be no conflict of interest , which means that the " dual loyalty " issue ( a term I still do n’t like ) does n’t arise .
I hold the opposite view .
I believe that the " special relationship " has become harmful to both countries , and that a more normal relationship would be better for both .
Right now , the special relationship hurts the United States by fueling anti-Americanism throughout the region and making us look deeply hypocritical in the eyes of billions — yes , billions — of people .
It also distorts our policy on a host of issues , such as non-proliferation , and makes it extremely difficult to use our influence to advance the cause of Middle East peace .
President Obama ’s failures on this front — despite his repeated pledges to do better–make this all - too - obvious .
At the same time , this unusual relationship harms Israel by underwriting policies that have increased its isolation and that threaten its long - term future .
It also makes it nearly impossible for U.S. leaders to voice even the mildest of criticisms when Israel acts foolishly , because to do so casts doubts about the merits of the special relationship and risks incurring the wrath of the various groups that exist to defend it .
Although the United States and Israel do share certain common interests , it is becoming increasingly clear that their interests are not identical .
This situation puts die - hard neoconservatives in a tough spot , as it could force them to choose between promoting what is good for America or defending what they think ( usually wrongly ) will be good for Israel .
And insofar as prominent neocons continue to beat the drums for war , it behooves us to remember both their abysmal track record and their underlying motivations .
I moved to Beirut from New York nine months ago and began looking for an apartment .
After 10 continuous years in America , I wanted to return to the Arab world – and returning to my family 's roots in Palestine was n't an option .
I knew that in Beirut , I likely was n't going to be renting from a faceless , impersonal property company ; real people mostly own the real estate here – and often , they are interested in knowing their tenants personally .
That 's how I learned , to my dismay , that being a Palestinian in Beirut is mostly a liability ; anti-Palestinian racism is a fact of life here .
During my second month in Lebanon , I responded to an ad for an apartment in East Beirut , which is now predominantly a Christian district .
The building owner called me and we arranged a viewing .
The apartment seemed fine , and on my way out , the owner invited me into his apartment on the first floor of the building for a coffee .
The coffee turned out to be an interview – or rather , an interrogation .
It began with a series of inquisitive but reasonable questions .
Why did my family leave Palestine ?
What was my business in Lebanon ?
Why did n't I go back to Palestine ?
Why did n't I go back to America ?
But from there , it became aggressively adversarial .
The man suggested my father had behaved in a cowardly fashion by leaving Palestine – or that he left for love of money .
I was shocked , and only said that it was clear that the man resented Palestinians .
Needless to say , he did n't want to rent the apartment to me and I did n't want to rent it from him .
But my experience here in Lebanon has been a privileged one .
I have the luxury of looking for an apartment in East Beirut – and I can afford the rent .
Furthermore , I 'm an American citizen , which makes life immeasurably easier .
The vast majority of the 400,000 Palestinian refugees ( 10 % of the population in Lebanon ) who were born and raised in Lebanon do not have anything approaching the privilege I do .
Today , Lebanon is the most hostile country to Palestinian refugees after Israel .
They are second - class citizens here , but they are not the only ones .
Foreign guest workers also have a notoriously hard time in Lebanese society .
Racism is so widespread ( see Nesrine Malik 's recent Cif article ) that African and Asian guest workers are openly barred from attending the beaches where Lebanese people frolic .
And that 's saying nothing of the often inhumane working conditions they are subjected to on a daily basis .
There is an anti-Syrian current , as well .
I remember encountering a barking dog while hiking somewhere in the northern part of the country .
The owner rushed up and quieted the animal , remarking to me : " See how quickly he calmed down when I told him you 're not Syrian . "
The difference , of course , is that the Syrians , Ethiopians , Filipinos and others have consular support and countries to return to ( although that is a serious problem for many guest workers , who are functionally indentured servants ) .
The Palestinian refugees in Lebanon have no such recourse .
Lebanese hostility to the Palestinian refugees is far from uniform .
But it 's explosive and dangerous where it exists .
For instance , the Lebanese Forces militia massacred up to 2,500 Palestinian refugees and others in the Sabra and Shatila camps in 1982 in coordination with the Israeli army .
In the 1980s , the Amal militia besieged the camps , killing hundreds and starving thousands .
More recently , the Lebanese army bombarded the Nahr al - Bared refugee camp in the north of the country in an attempt to root out terrorists unaffiliated to the camp .
The Arab world is rife with hypocrisy when it comes to the Palestinian issue .
Arab leaders frequently and rightly cite the chronic human rights violations in which Israel engages , but fail to address the marginalisation of Palestinians within their own societies .
Historically , Lebanese citizens have declared that naturalising Palestinians will act as a disincentive to their eventual repatriation and the exercise of their inviolable right of return .
But this is a specious and cynical misrepresentation of the issue .
First , many diaspora Palestinians who have been naturalised in foreign countries , including myself , still seek to return to Palestine .
Second , an individual ought to have the right to lead a complete and fulfilling life in his / her country of birth , irrespective of national or racial identity ; it is not up to the Arab leaders to safeguard the Palestinian right of return against the prospect of a meaningful life lived outside Palestine .
More plausibly , Lebanon 's miserable record regarding the human rights of Palestinian refugees ( and others ) is a result of the country 's sectarian structure .
Lebanon has never been a cohesive political entity and remains divided by sectarian allegiances .
Most Lebanese citizens are members of one of three communities : the Sunni community , the Shia community and the Christian community ( each of which is further subdivided into competing forces ) .
The country is less divided today than it was in 1991 , in the aftermath of the 15 - year - long civil war , but it remains fractured .
In this context , it matters that the Palestinian refugees in Lebanon are mostly Sunni Muslims .
There is a fear that if Palestinians are integrated , they will upset the delicate confessional balance that prevails here .
It is therefore difficult to see how Lebanon will undertake to improve the lives of the refugees before the Lebanese solve their own sectarian problems .
There has been some official movement on the issue , however .
The current prime minister , Saad Hariri , recently remarked that " we included the ministerial statement with an article related to the Palestinians that guarantees their human and public rights " .
Major parliamentary leaders , like Walid Jumblatt and Nabih Berri , favour extending civil rights to Palestinian refugees in Lebanon , but their efforts are being stalled by others like National Liberal party leader , Dori Chamoun .
At the end of parliamentary proceedings on the issue last week , Chamoun said : " We hold on to Lebanon first and foremost and not onto the Palestinian cause at the expense of the Lebanese cause , and the Christians speak one language in this regard . "
But the issue is far from deadlocked .
Elias Muhanna , a prominent blogger , writes that " several analysts are very optimistic that the law will be passed when it comes up again , thereby rolling back several decades ' worth of institutionalised discrimination against Palestinians in Lebanon . "
• Comments on this article will remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
Offshore - drilling legislation heats up WASHINGTON 
As news of a huge oil discovery deep in the western Gulf of Mexico unfolded , informal talks began in Congress to break an impasse over competing House and Senate plans to expand offshore oil and natural gas - drilling .
The find by Chevron , Devon Energy and StatOil in an area already open to exploration follows a summer of soaring gas prices partially sparked by BP 's shutdown last month of a damaged pipeline in Alaska .
But it is unclear whether the discovery will prod lawmakers to work out a compromise before Congress leaves for the Nov. 7 elections .
The discovery of reserves that may exceed Alaska 's Prudhoe Bay , the nation 's largest oilfield , could be " galvanizing , " says Marnie Funk , a spokeswoman for Senate Energy Chairman Pete Domenici , R - N.M .
" The House either takes the Senate ( bill ) or no one gets an energy bill this year .
That 's simply a political reality , " she said .
" We only have 22 legislative days left , and key senators have made it clear they can't support the House bill or anything like it .
We do n't have the votes , and we 're out of time . "
Perhaps , but House Majority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , indicated Tuesday that his members are n't folding just yet .
" We really do believe that we have a much better bill than what the Senate passed , " he said .
He said he expects committee chairmen to discuss " the prospect for coming to some agreement .
I just do n't know what it might be . "
For now , aides to lawmakers are talking , and the House and Senate have yet to appoint negotiators .
Both bills would ease restrictions on offshore drilling , now banned in the eastern Gulf of Mexico and along the east and west coasts .
The House version goes much further in opening once - protected areas on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts to energy exploration .
The White House supports the Senate bill .
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist , R - Tenn. , said there are n't the votes for anything broader .
The Senate bill , passed on a 71 - 25 vote Aug. 1 , would open 8.3 million acres in the Gulf of Mexico to oil and gas drilling while preserving a " zone of protection " stretching 125 to 300 miles off the Florida coast .
Domenici has said the area to be opened for drilling holds 1.26 billion barrels of crude oil and 5.83 trillion cubic feet of natural gas and would " reduce our reliance on foreign oil and gas . "
The Senate measure would direct 37.5 % of annual production royalties to the Katrina - battered states of Louisiana , Mississippi , Texas and Alabama to fund coastal restoration .
The states now get 2 % .
The House approved a more expansive bill in June on a 232 - 187 vote .
It would lift a federal ban on offshore exploration along most of the Atlantic and Pacific coasts .
Drilling would be allowed beyond 100 miles from shore and between 50 to 100 miles if state legislatures approve .
States would have to grant an exemption for drilling within 50 miles of land .
Democrats , led by Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , have vowed to block anything except the Senate bill .
It resulted from lengthy negotiations with Florida senators who have opposed past proposals amid fears drilling would endanger tourist beaches .
Industry groups support the House bill .
" The opportunity to do meaningful energy legislation does not come around very often , " says Bob Slaughter of the National Petrochemical & Refiners Association .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Auburn Hills
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
*** UPDATE : A GUY CAME OUT TO LOOK AT THE CAR LAST NIGHT AND TOOK IT FOR A TEST DRIVE .
DURING THE TEST DRIVE , HE WAS APPARENTLY NAUSEATED BY THE SMELL AND VOMITED A LITTLE IN THE CAR .
SO NOW IT SMELLS OF WEE AND A LITTLE BIT LIKE VOMIT .***
Crisis Economics
Summer 2010
To understand the challenge government economists have faced over the past year and a half , it is useful to imagine the case of a physician trying to treat an ill patient .
The patient presents herself in terrible shape ; the physician has never treated a condition with symptoms quite like hers before ; and the causes of the ailments are unclear .
The doctor remembers reading about a similar case in medical school — and , trying to recall as much of his training as possible , he endeavors to come up with a theory as to why the patient is sick and to determine what will make her better .
In an ideal world , the doctor would run a controlled experiment :
He would assemble 100 patients with similar symptoms , give 50 of them the medicine that seems most likely to work and the other 50 a placebo , and then see whether the patients on the medicine in fact improved .
But the doctor does not have 100 patients — he has only one .
So , based on his assessment of what is causing the patient 's troubles , and the most likely remedy , he takes a risk and administers the medicine .
The patient , however , returns a few weeks later ; this time , her symptoms are worse .
What , then , should the doctor conclude ?
He might decide that he gave the patient the wrong medicine .
Or he might determine that the patient was even sicker than he originally thought , and thus that the medicine should be administered at an even higher dosage .
Either conclusion is plausible , but there is no way the doctor can be sure .
What he does know is that he must act before the situation gets even worse .
When the Obama administration came into office , the American economy was one very sick patient .
To complicate matters , the financial crisis and the recession that ensued did not neatly follow the pattern of past downturns — instead combining a collapse of the housing market , a credit crisis , failures of large financial firms , and an assortment of other worrisome symptoms .
Still , the new administration 's economic advisors had no choice but to diagnose the problem and propose solutions .
There was , however , little room for trial and error :
Their only laboratory was the very economy they were seeking to heal , and time was of the essence , as markets continued to plunge , jobs swiftly evaporated , and bad news mounted .
In an economic assessment they released in January 2009 , President Obama 's advisors concluded that , if they did nothing , the unemployment rate would reach 9 % — its highest level since 1983 .
So they developed their medicine : an ambitious plan to stimulate the economy by spending a great deal of taxpayer money .
According to their estimates , that stimulus would help keep the unemployment rate from exceeding 8 % .
Today , however , the unemployment rate is nearly 10 % .
Clearly , things have not gone as the president 's advisors expected .
For economists , this raises some obvious questions .
Why were the administration 's projections off the mark ?
What should their experience teach us regarding stimulus policies in future downturns ?
And what can the government do now , as unemployment remains very high , to help the patient heal faster ?
Trying to resolve these questions illustrates not only the difficulty confronting policymakers in a crisis , but also the inherent limitations of the economics profession — limitations that both economists and politicians would be wise to keep in mind .
TEXTBOOK EXERCISES
To the question of why their patient — the U.S. economy — did not respond as expected , the Obama team 's answer is that the patient was sicker at the beginning of 2009 than they had originally thought , not that they administered the wrong medicine .
The spending - heavy fiscal stimulus , they argue , was the right approach and did some good ; if the stimulus bill had not been enacted , unemployment today would be even higher .
The reason the stimulus failed to cure the economy 's woes is not that it was the wrong course of treatment :
It simply was n't a big enough dose .
( Hence the repeated calls for a " second stimulus . " )
There is no way to decisively prove or disprove the Obama administration 's argument .
All we can do is consider its premises .
On that front , the reasoning emerging from the Obama White House has not been arbitrary , or even purely political .
Rather , it represents the application of standard textbook theory — in this case , the theory that evolved from the work of John Maynard Keynes , the great British economist of the early 20th century .
According to Keynesian economics , the business cycle reflects not the wonders of Adam Smith 's invisible hand of the marketplace but rather market failure on a grand scale .
Extreme and sustained unemployment during a recession , Keynesians argue , results from a decline in overall ( or aggregate ) demand in the economy .
When the economy is knocked off balance by serious economic shocks , the government can help restore normalcy by increasing demand through government spending .
And because the influx of government spending drives businesses to hire and consumers to spend , its impact is multiplied .
Generations of Keynesian economists have sought to model and quantify how that " multiplier " would function in different economic conditions .
But most Keynesian economists have agreed that the multiplier effect of government spending is larger than that of the other approach to injecting demand into the economy — cutting taxes — because money from tax cuts might be saved rather than spent .
To Obama - administration economists , as well as to many others , the recession that followed the financial crisis of 2008 seemed like a classic case of decline in aggregate demand .
Because of the credit crisis , people were not able to obtain loans — for homes , cars , business equipment , or any of the countless other transactions that rely on credit in today 's economy .
And because people were unable to obtain loans , these sales and purchases could n't take place , resulting in a significant drop in demand across the economy .
So , inspired by the view that fiscal policy can prop up aggregate demand , Obama 's advisors ( and their congressional allies ) began to design a stimulus plan heavy on direct government spending .
A few days before President Obama 's inauguration , his economic advisors released a document titled " The Job Impact of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan , " in which they detailed some of their economic assumptions .
They determined that the " government - purchases multiplier " — that is , the multiplier for direct spending — would be 1.57 , while the tax - cut multiplier would be 0.99 .
In other words , every dollar spent by the government would yield $ 1.57 in aggregate demand , while every dollar in reduced taxes would yield only 99 cents in increased demand .
And because 1.57 is larger than 0.99 , the Obama team concluded it was better to increase spending than to cut taxes .
Obama and his advisors arrived at these numbers through a standard macroeconometric model of the sort economists have been using for years .
Such models take various past relationships among economic variables ( inflation and unemployment , for instance ) and extrapolate them into the future .
In essence , the economy is modeled as a system of equations , each describing how one variable responds to many others .
University of Chicago economist ( and Nobel laureate ) Robert Lucas famously criticized these models for lacking an appreciation of people 's changing expectations ; many economists , however , still find such models valuable , and have continued to employ them for forecasting and policy analysis .
The question for economists now is whether the administration 's assumptions , and the model based on them , were correct .
After all , if we could be sure their model was right , we would know what to conclude when their stimulus plan was followed by 10 % unemployment :
The patient was sicker than they thought , and unemployment would surely have been higher still if not for the stimulus .
( Indeed , since Obama 's advisors do believe their model was right , this is the conclusion they have reached . )
The trouble is , we have no way of knowing for sure if the model was in fact correct .
To react to a model 's failure to predict events accurately by insisting that the model was nonetheless right — as Obama 's economic advisors have done — is hardly the most obvious course .
Careful economists should instead respond with humility .
When their predictions fail — as they often do — they should not dig in their heels , but should instead be willing to go back to their starting assumptions and question their validity .
ECONOMIC HUMILITY
Macroeconomists especially have good reason to be humble , for there is a great deal we do not know .
Teaching the " Principles of Economics " course at Harvard — a full - year survey — I start each year with what we economists are confident is true , and then move to material that is less and less certain as the course progresses .
We look first at supply and demand , the theory of comparative advantage , profit maximization , and marginal revenue equaling marginal cost — the premises that almost every economist shares and accepts .
As the course goes on , we move from micro to macroeconomics : examining classical monetary theory , growth theory , and , at the very end of the year , the theory of business cycles .
This is the topic we economists understand least of all :
We are still deeply divided on the validity and utility of the basic Keynesian paradigm .
But it is precisely the topic that government macroeconomists work on most , especially during times of recession .
Even as a believer in many aspects of Keynesian theory , I appreciate that one cannot approach this subject matter without showing some humility .
Economics is a young science , and much of our knowledge is necessarily tentative .
Humility need not result in resignation or fatalism ; nor does it mean we can't make economic policy .
But it should mean that we constantly test our assumptions and policies against real - world results .
We should seek in retrospect the data we cannot have in advance , and use those data to improve both our understanding of the economy and the policies we put in place .
At first glance , the Obama administration would seem to be taking such an empirical approach .
In an attempt to " know " as much as possible about the consequences of the stimulus bill , the administration has been compiling data to measure its effects .
Indeed , the vaunted stimulus web site ( recovery.gov ) claims to provide state - level job - creation " data , " reported to two decimals of accuracy .
In reality , however , this ostensible effort at transparency is actually the least credible part of the whole case for the 2009 stimulus bill .
For one thing , the reporting errors involved in the data collection are enormous , as hardly anyone accurately fills out the government 's questionnaires about the jobs " saved or created " with stimulus money .
Some employers , for instance , have counted money used to provide pay raises to existing employees as " creating " jobs .
Thus the Wall Street Journal reported last November that the Mid-Willamette Valley Community Action Agency in Oregon had claimed to create 205 jobs with its $ 397,761 in stimulus money — spending less than $ 2,000 per " new " job .
The results of gathering economic data this way can be downright comical .
A shoe - store owner in Kentucky who sold boots to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ( for work on a project made possible by stimulus funds ) claimed to have created nine jobs with $ 889 — a feat that would certainly make him the most efficient job creator in the country .
The store owner apparently reasoned that he was creating one job for every pair of boots he sold the Army ; after all , a soldier could not go to work on the project without a pair of boots .
The episode received attention only because a reporter discovered the ridiculous claim , and the owner then asserted that he had been confused by the government form .
The administration has nevertheless accepted such reports , using them as the basis of their stimulus evaluations .
But even if the reporting were perfectly correct , the exercise would still make little sense as a way of assessing the broader macroeconomic effects of the stimulus money .
When we talk about the impact of government purchases on aggregate demand , and therefore on job creation , we must take into account an enormous number of " general equilibrium effects " — that is , the indirect effects that occur as one economic variable influences another , which in turn influences yet another , and so on .
Such effects can be modeled and analyzed to some extent , but they cannot possibly be captured by crude job - creation surveys , or easily conveyed through administration web sites and talking points .
These general equilibrium effects are tremendously important to the economy — sometimes in positive ways , sometimes in negative .
The positive effects are those that underlie the conventional Keynesian fiscal - policy multipliers :
Higher government spending leads to higher incomes for some people , which causes higher consumption , and therefore higher incomes yet again , such that the effect cascades and multiplies .
Economists can certainly track some of these effects , but the " data " on recovery.gov cannot possibly account for them .
The negative effects are even more challenging to trace .
For example , if people observe the government issuing substantial debt ( required to finance a stimulus ) , they may anticipate higher future taxes and therefore cut back on their current consumption .
Increased government borrowing may also drive up long - term interest rates , which could make it difficult for people to borrow money and could therefore reduce spending today .
Obviously , recovery.gov has no way to take account of these consequences , either .
So even if recipients of stimulus funding filled out their government reports reliably and correctly , the data they provided would not accurately describe the effects of the stimulus on job creation .
Nor would data about job creation by itself actually resolve the underlying question about the administration 's economic - recovery effort : whether it was right to pursue a spending - heavy stimulus plan , instead of one focused more on tax cuts .
TAXING LESS OR SPENDING MORE ?
Addressing this question requires not only data about the past year or two , but also analysis of some key assumptions at the core of the administration 's approach to fiscal policy .
In particular , that approach seems to take for granted that the question in choosing between spending and tax cuts is which would have the greater multiplier effect , and that the answer to that question is spending rather than tax cuts .
The first assumption overlooks an important difference between spending and tax cuts in the context of economic stimulus .
When the government is seeking to revive its sick patient — the economy — time is of the essence .
And time must be considered in any analysis of multipliers and other economic effects of stimulus policy .
Chief among these considerations is whether government can spend money both quickly and wisely .
Many of us can draw on our own experiences in addressing that question .
Anyone familiar with government projects even at the municipal level knows that the process is usually prolonged and onerous .
Even if the design phase is managed well , the project is built efficiently , and the end product proves to be of good use to the community — all big " ifs " — the time involved in debating project proposals , securing approval from citizens and local boards , planning the design , hiring contractors , and completing the construction often stretches to years .
Cram the process into a dramatically shortened time frame , and the likelihood that the project will be an example of " wise " government spending diminishes significantly .
Expand the scope of the government spending from town planning to national fiscal policy , and the likelihood shrinks even further .
This is not just a matter of government waste , but also a question of whether money spent under such circumstances actually helps the economy grow in a way that best enhances citizens ' well - being .
Whenever public money is involved , it is important to ask whether the spending will produce something society needs , or wants , to improve the general economic climate .
Money spent on a new road that allows farmers to get their products to market faster and in better condition , for instance , creates more value than money spent building a " bridge to nowhere , " even if both projects create the same number of construction jobs .
To look at it another way :
If a person pays his neighbor $ 100 to dig a hole in his backyard and then fill it up again , and the neighbor hires him to do the same , government statisticians will report that the economy has created two jobs and that the gross domestic product has risen by $ 200 .
But it is unlikely that , having wasted all that time digging and filling , either person is better off — economically or otherwise .
Each person 's net financial gain is zero , and all anyone has to show for the effort is a patch of fresh dirt in the backyard , which is unlikely to improve anyone 's standard of living .
Private individuals do n't usually spend their money on things they do n't want or need .
So when money is kept in the hands of citizens , and transactions take place in the private sector , there is less cause to worry about inefficient spending .
The same cannot always be said of government .
This means that government spending designed to stimulate the economy must first be subjected to serious cost - benefit analysis , which is hard to do in a big rush .
Not all government spending is created equal — and rushed spending is , in many important ways , likely to be less efficient and less useful than spending that is carefully planned .
The administration 's second assumption , meanwhile , is a matter of academic theories about the sizes of the relevant economic multipliers .
Textbook Keynesian economics tells us that government - purchases multipliers are larger than tax - cut multipliers .
And , as we have seen , the Obama administration 's economic team consulted these standard models in deciding that spending would be significantly more effective than tax cuts .
But a great deal of recent economic evidence calls that conclusion into question .
In an ironic twist , one key piece comes from Christina Romer , who is now chair of Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers .
About six months before she took the job , Romer teamed up with her husband and fellow Berkeley economist David Romer to write a paper ( " The Macroeconomic Effects of Tax Changes " ) that sought to measure the influence of tax policy on GDP .
Crucial to the Romers ' method was their effort to identify changes in tax policy made during times of relative economic stability , and driven by a desire to influence economic behavior or activity ( to encourage growth , say , or reduce a deficit ) , rather than those changes made in response to a recession or crisis .
By studying such " exogenous " tax - policy changes , the Romers could be more confident that they were in fact measuring the effects of taxes and not those of extraneous conditions .
The Romers ' conclusion , which is at odds with most traditional Keynesian analysis , was that the tax multiplier was 3 — in other words , that every dollar spent on tax cuts would boost GDP by $ 3 .
This would mean that the tax multiplier is roughly three times larger than Obama 's advisors assumed it was during their policy simulations .
Of course , it could be that all multipliers are larger than previously assumed .
Perhaps fiscal policy has such a great influence over our economy that , if the tax multiplier is 3 , the government - spending multiplier is 4 or 5 .
We do n't know from the Romers ' study ; they did not analyze government - spending multipliers , only tax multipliers .
But several studies on government - spending multipliers have been conducted using techniques similar to those used by the Romers .
And none has found government - spending multipliers to be so large as to justify assumptions about the inherent superiority of government spending over tax cuts .
Some excellent work on this topic has come from Valerie Ramey of the University of California , San Diego .
Ramey finds a government - spending multiplier of about 1.4 — a figure close to what the Obama administration assumed , but much smaller than the tax multiplier identified by the Romers .
Similarly , in recent research , Andrew Mountford ( of the University of London ) and Harald Uhlig ( of the University of Chicago ) have used sophisticated statistical techniques that try to capture the complicated relationships among economic variables over time ; they conclude that a " deficit - financed tax cut is the best fiscal policy to stimulate the economy . "
In particular , they report that tax cuts are about four times as potent as increases in government spending .
Perhaps the most compelling research on this subject is a very recent study by my colleagues Alberto Alesina and Silvia Ardagna at Harvard .
They used data from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development to identify every major fiscal stimulus adopted by the 30 OECD countries between 1970 and 2007 .
Alesina and Ardagna then separated those plans that were in fact followed by robust economic growth from those that were not , and compared their characteristics .
They found that the stimulus packages that appeared to be successful had cut business and income taxes , while those that evidently did not succeed had increased government spending and transfer payments .
The data in the Alesina - Ardagna study are mostly European ; only a small portion comes from the United States .
But the evidence leads to conclusions that are very similar to those from Mountford and Uhlig 's work using American data .
These conclusions are also consistent with the work of Ramey and the Romers , which looked at the historical record to identify multipliers .
There appears to be a growing body of evidence , then , suggesting that taxes may be a better tool for fiscal stimulus than conventional models have indicated .
Why would that be ?
At this point , there is no clear - cut answer , but it is easy to come up with plausible conjectures .
The most obvious candidate would be the supply - side effects of tax cuts .
Tax rates , for instance , clearly influence work incentives .
And economists who focus on supply - side incentives argue that Keynesians overestimate the importance of aggregate demand while underestimating the role that people 's willingness to work and invest plays in the performance of modern economies .
But even if one believes that aggregate demand drives the economy in the short run , as many Keynesians do , it would still be wise to acknowledge that taxes affect aggregate demand in ways that are not included in the textbook Keynesian model .
When we change tax laws , we typically do not just write checks to taxpayers .
Usually , we change marginal tax rates — adjusting corporate or personal income taxes , or perhaps instituting tax credits or similar policies to drive incentives in some particular way .
These measures have more complicated and nuanced effects on aggregate demand than the textbook Keynesian model assumes .
They involve far more than simply changes in cash flow ; most notably , they involve changes in marginal incentives , often including direct encouragement to spend .
We have seen recent examples of how such changes in incentives can influence behavior .
One of the most noteworthy has been the Cash for Clunkers program , which was n't a tax cut , but was n't a classic form of Keynesian stimulus spending , either :
It was an incentive program to induce personal spending by individuals .
Owners of older , less energy - efficient vehicles received a voucher for between $ 3,500 and $ 4,500 ( depending on differences in fuel economy ) , which they could apply only to the purchase of new , more energy - efficient vehicles .
In the course of the program 's two - month run ( in July and August of last year ) , the government spent nearly $ 3 billion on these rebates .
Economists will no doubt long debate whether Cash for Clunkers passed a cost - benefit test .
( Some early results , from Burton Abrams and George Parsons of the University of Delaware , suggest not . )
But the fact that people responded to the incentive as they did — nearly 680,000 cars were purchased — suggests that a broader , more comprehensive program of incentives , such as an investment tax credit , might have stimulated spending even more .
Of course , not all tax cuts or credits are created equal , just as not all direct government spending is .
One popular idea in recent years , for instance , has been a tax cut for businesses that make new hires .
Indeed , the jobs bill signed by President Obama in March put in place a targeted payroll - tax exemption for some small businesses that hire people who have been unemployed for two months or more ; several members of Congress have proposed broader tax cuts for businesses that hire new employees .
The premise behind these policies is that , because unemployment is so high even as the economy begins to recover , we should create incentives for businesses to place unemployed workers into jobs .
There is a case to be made for a broad - based payroll - tax cut that might have this effect , but a narrower tax cut for new hires suffers from some major flaws .
The basic problem is that we do not know how to properly define — or enforce a definition of — a " new hire . "
Presumably we do not want a business to hire Peter by firing Paul and to then call Peter a new hire ; this would cause a great deal of inefficient churning in the labor force ( not to mention a great deal of unpleasantness for all the Pauls ) .
Usually when tax credits for new hires are proposed , the idea is to establish some baseline employment — based on a firm 's labor force a year or two earlier — and give credit to businesses that meet or exceed their baselines .
But relying on such baselines can be problematic .
Consider an industry hit particularly hard by a recession — say , construction — in which employment is well below the baseline established for new - hire tax breaks .
Because a few new hires would still not make these firms eligible for the tax credits , these firms would have no marginal incentive to hire additional workers .
Conversely , industries that have been expanding would be rewarded for hires they might have made even without the tax incentives .
This policy , then , would likely create tremendous disparities across industries that could be both inequitable and inefficient .
It would also create perverse incentives in favor of new firms :
By definition , all employees of a new firm are " new hires . "
This could even give existing firms an incentive to , say , lay off the janitorial staff and hire instead an independent janitorial contractor that just started up as a new firm , since the cost per worker to the old firm could well be lower .
Attractive as such ideas may seem at first , targeted tax cuts and incentives are in fact very difficult to implement properly .
If tax cuts indeed make for better fiscal stimulus than direct government spending , they should be broad - based cuts or incentives , rather than narrowly tailored interventions .
Here again , the fiscal - policy decisions of the past year and a half have not been implausible or inexplicable — but they have also not been empirically shown to work .
The data point to other approaches .
ECONOMICS AND POLITICS
It may seem unfair to criticize government economists working under great pressure in the midst of a crisis .
After all , they are not in fact doctors treating patients .
They work for politicians , who must take into account not just economic theory and data but also voter attitudes and political realities .
Economic policy is not just applied economics .
But economists are social scientists , not politicians .
And whether they work for the government or have the luxury of merely observing the scene from an ivory tower , the integrity of the profession and the importance of the work involved demand that they be subjected to critical judgment ; they must be compelled always to submit their assumptions , data , models , and conclusions to careful scrutiny .
The foremost job of economists is not to make the lives of politicians easier , but to think through problems , to examine all the available information about the problems ' causes and potential treatments , and to propose the solutions most likely to work .
This is a simple point , but one that is easy to forget .
As Milton Friedman once put it : " The role of the economist in discussions of public policy seems to me to be to prescribe what should be done in light of what can be done , politics aside , and not to predict what is ‘ politically feasible ' and then to recommend it . "
In a time of economic uncertainty and political turmoil , we economists — both in and out of government — could hardly do better than to follow Friedman 's sage advice .
The Iranian government hanged five Kurdish activists , including a woman , on Sunday morning in the Evin prison in Tehran in what appeared to be an effort to intimidate protesters from marking the anniversary of last year ’s huge anti-government rallies after the June 12 election .
Sunday ’s executions brought the total for the weekend to 11 .
Six men convicted of drug smuggling were hanged on Saturday .
For the past few years , Iran has had the highest number of government executions after China , according to Amnesty International .
Although the authorities announced that the five people executed Sunday had been found guilty of carrying out fatal bomb attacks , the executions were widely seen as intended to discourage people from rallying against the government on June 12 .
That will be the first anniversary of the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , which many people believe was rigged .
At least four other activists , two Kurds and two protesters , were executed before another planned rally on Feb. 11 .
An additional 11 anti-government protesters have been sentenced to death .
Human rights activists have expressed alarm at the executions and worry that more might be planned because those on Sunday , in February and in late 2009 were carried out hastily and without having been endorsed by Iran ’s Supreme Court .
Cash - strapped North Korea has demanded the United States pay almost $ US65 trillion ( $ 75 trillion ) in compensation for six decades of hostility .
The official North Korean news agency , KCNA , says the cost of the damage done by the US since the peninsula was divided in 1945 is estimated at $ US64.96 trillion .
The compensation call comes on the eve of the 60th anniversary of the start of the 1950 - 1953 Korean War .
KCNA said the figure includes $ US26.1 trillion arising from US " atrocities " which left more than 5 million North Koreans dead , wounded , kidnapped or missing .
The agency also claims 60 years of US sanctions have caused a loss of $ US13.7 trillion by 2005 , while property losses were estimated at $ US16.7 trillion .
The agency said North Koreans have " the justifiable right " to receive the compensation for their blood .
It said the committee 's calculation did not include the damage North Korea had suffered from sanctions after its first nuclear test in 2006 .
- AFP
New software has been developed to help police track paedophiles who masquerade as children in internet chatrooms .
Research shows that most young people can't tell whether they are speaking to an adult or a child , when they first meet someone online .
But the manufacturers of the software say it can work out the age and gender of whoever is talking .
Judith Moritz reports .
Bonobo .
Photo taken by Kabir Bakie at the Cincinnati Zoo .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Scientists report having observed and filmed bonobos ( also known as pygmy chimpanzees ) shaking their heads to say “ no ” to prevent an unwanted behavior in another animal .
Bonobos have never before been observed using the gesture in this way .
The scientists , led by Christel Schneider of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , filmed bonobos ( Pan paniscus ) in Leipzig Zoo shaking their heads from side to side with disapproval to prevent others doing something , such as a mother stopping her infant from climbing a tree or playing with food instead of eating it .
Bonobos and other great apes such as chimpanzees ( Pan troglodytes ) have previously been observed using head gestures in their communications .
They shake their heads , bow , and nod , but until now shaking their heads from side to side has only been reported as being used to encourage other bonobos to play , and not as a gesture of disapproval .
Ms Schneider and colleagues observed the behavior being used by four different bonobos on 13 separate occasions .
Chimpanzees and bonobos are our closest living relatives , and in many human cultures ( but not all ) shaking the head is also used to signal “ no ” .
Schneider said she believes the behavior in the bonobos may represent an early precursor to negative head - shaking gestures in humans .
Ms Schneider said bonobos are known to use a greater variety of head gestures than chimpanzees , and said the greater sophistication in their communications may have developed because of the type of society bonobos live in , which is egalitarian with complex social structures and a less pronounced hierarchy than in other great ape groups .
Shaking their heads to say no could avoid serious conflict .
Bonobos are an endangered species living in remote rainforest areas of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in central Africa .
They are the least well - known of the great apes and were only identified in 1933 .
They stand more erect than the common chimpanzee and often walk bipedally .
The observations were made as part of a wider study of communication in the infants of great apes , including chimpanzees , bonobos , orangutans and gorillas , in several zoos across Europe .
The researchers say more research is needed to be certain the gestures really do mean “ no ” , and to fully document the functions of all the head gestures made by the great apes .
The findings are published in the journal Primates .
Explore further Developmental delay may explain behavior of easygoing ape species
More information : Christel Schneider et al. ,
Do bonobos say NO by shaking their head ?
Primates , DOI:10.1007/s10329-010-0198 -2 Christel Schneider et al. ,
Do bonobos say NO by shaking their head ?
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Rudi’s Guide to Gluten - Free Flours
There are so many flour options for gluten - free baking it can be hard to tell which one is right for you .
Because gluten - free flours have a different make - up than regular flour , the quantity or baking process is sometimes different .
Below is our guide to some common gluten - free flour options with plenty of …
It 's the start of the Supanova con in Australia , and Zimbio.com has the first batch of pictures .
Gathered from the wonderful worlds of science - fiction , pulp TV / movies , toys , console gaming , trading cards , animation / cartoons , fantasy , comic books , entertainment technology , books , music , sport , internet sites and fan - clubs , Supanova Pop Culture Expo is where the adoring public comes face to face with the creative talent that inspire their imaginary worlds under one big roof .
Celebrity guests , tournaments , special events , exclusive screenings , interactive competitions , product launches , collectables , nostalgia and more drawn from the international elite of popular licenses and intellectual properties combined with the very best of Australia .
American actressattends the National Cosplay Championships as part of the Supanova Pop Culture Expo at the Dome at Olympic Park on June 19 , 2010 in Sydney , Australia .
Cosplayers and comic book and sci - fi fans from across the state gathered to meet like - minded folk and attend guest panels with the stars of some of the popular television shows and publications of the genre .
Australian actressattends the National Cosplay Championships as part of the Supanova Pop Culture Expo at the Dome at Olympic Park on June 19 , 2010 in Sydney , Australia .
American actressattends the National Cosplay Championships as part of the Supanova Pop Culture Expo at the Dome at Olympic Park on June 19 , 2010 in Sydney , Australia .
American actressattends the National Cosplay Championships as part of the Supanova Pop Culture Expo at the Dome at Olympic Park on June 19 , 2010 in Sydney , Australia .
American actorattends the National Cosplay Championships as part of the Supanova Pop Culture Expo at the Dome at Olympic Park on June 19 , 2010 in Sydney , Australia .
New Zealand actorattends the National Cosplay Championships as part of the Supanova Pop Culture Expo at the Dome at Olympic Park on June 19 , 2010 in Sydney , Australia .
American actorattends the National Cosplay Championships as part of the Supanova Pop Culture Expo at the Dome at Olympic Park on June 19 , 2010 in Sydney , Australia .
Australian actressattends the National Cosplay Championships as part of the Supanova Pop Culture Expo at the Dome at Olympic Park on June 19 , 2010 in Sydney , Australia .
Cosplay
LANDER - Lunar Lander game
Lander is loosely based on and very much inspired by the 1979 Atari video game Lunar Lander .
The goal in this version is to have as many successful missions as possible .
Return to the moon in consecutive missions until your character suffers an accident or is marooned on the moon .
CONTROLS :
To operate your vehicle , use the four cursor keys ; left and right are used to rotate the vehicle and up operates the main thrusters ( the down key also operates the main thrusters ) .
Alternatively , use the keys A , S , D and W ; A and D to rotate and S and W for thrusters .
Good Luck and do n't run out of fuel !
You might need to click on the game once before the keys will work .
Public clouds are based on the economics of sharing .
Cloud providers can charge less , and sell computing on an hourly basis without long - term contracts , because they ’re spreading costs and skills across many customers .
But a shared model means that your application is competing with other users ’ applications for scarce resources .
The pact you ’re making with a public cloud , for better or worse , is that the advantages of elasticity and pay - as - you - go economics outweigh any problems you ’ll face .
Enterprises are skeptical because clouds force them to relinquish control over the underlying networks and architectures on which their applications run .
Is performance acceptable ?
Will clouds be reliable ?
What ’s the tradeoff , particularly now that we know speed matters so much ?
We ( Bitcurrent ) decided to find out .
With the help of Webmetrics , we built four test applications : a small object , a large object , a million calculations , and a 500,000 - row table scan .
We ported the applications to five different clouds , and monitored them for a month .
We discovered that performance varies widely by test type and cloud :
Here are some of the lessons learned :
All of the services handled the small image well .
PaaS clouds were more efficient at delivering the large object , possibly because of their ability to distribute workload out to caching tiers better than an individual virtual machine can do .
Force.com did n’t handle CPU workloads well , even with a tenth of the load of other agents .
Amazon was slow for CPU , but we were using the least - powerful of Amazon ’s EC2 machines .
Google ’s ability to handle I/O , even under heavy load , was unmatched .
Rackspace also dispatched the I/O tests quickly .
Then again , it took us 37 hours to insert the data into Google ’s Bigtable .
In the end , it ’s clear that there ’s no single “ best ” cloud : PaaS ( App Engine , Force.com ) scales easily , but locks you in ; IaaS ( Rackspace , Amazon , Terremark ) offers portability , but leaves you doing all the scaling work yourself .
The full 50 - page report is available free from Webmetrics .
Web performance and cloud architecture will be key topics at this week ’s Velocity conference .
Thanks To BP , This Is A Whale Posted on June 29 , 2010 in Images Scientists found this sperm whale 77 miles south from the Deepwater spill site off the Gulf Coast .
[ tags ] whale , wtf , environmental damage , sperm whale , picture , photograph , photograph of gulf coast , oil spill , bp , british petroleum , ecological disaster , ecology , biology , environmental impact [ / tags ]
Related Posts On PBH & The Web No related posts .
From The PBH Network Hot On The Web
Group C is up for grabs , but who 's got the inside track ?
Here 's a quick run through the scenarios by which the Yanks can advance to the knockout stages .
Advertisement
Slovenia is in the driver 's seat in group C , with 4 points .
The US and England each have 2 , and Algeria 1 .
This puts the USA in control of their own destiny , because
If the US wins , they 're through to the round of 16 .
A win would give us 5 points in the group .
With England and Slovenia playing each other , there 's no way both could finish with more points .
Advertisement
If the US loses , they 're out .
Ceding three points to Algeria lets them leapfrog us , and we 're unable to catch Slovenia , no matter what they do in their final game .
The US could also draw their final game ( they 've shown themselves quite proficient at that ) .
That 's where things get complicated .
If the US draws , and England beats Slovenia , they 're out .
England would finish with 5 , Slovenia with 4 , and the USMNT with 3 .
If the US draws , and Slovenia beats England , they 're through to the round of 16 .
Slovenia would win the group with 7 , the US with 3 , and England and Algeria with 2 apiece .
Advertisement
If the US draws , and Slovenia and England draw , it comes down to tiebreakers .
Slovenia would win the group with 5 , and England and America would be tied with 3 .
Here are the variables :
• The first tiebreaker is goal differential .
The US and England would have tied all three matches , so we move on .
Advertisement
• The second tiebreaker is goals scored .
After two games , the US has scored 3 , while England has scored 1 .
That looks good for the US , as long as the England / Slovenia match is n't high - scoring .
It 's possible for England and Slovenia to finish 3 - 3 , and the US / Algeria to finish 0 - 0 .
In that case England would move on .
If England / Slovenia finished , say , 2 - 2 and the US plays a scoreless draw , we move on to the next tiebreaker .
• The third tiebreaker is points obtained in head - to - head matches .
The US and England tied , so we move on .
Advertisement
• The fourth tiebreaker is goal differential in head - to - head matches .
Again , a tie .
• The fifth tiebreaker is goals scored head - to - head .
That 's one apiece , so we move on .
Advertisement
If the US and England are still tied after all the tiebreakers , FIFA draws lots to determine who moves on .
Yes , at the most important sporting event in the world , a coin will be flipped to decide the winner .
laoshu505000
Senior Member
United States
Joined 4301 days ago
121 posts - 231 votes
Speaks : English *
Message 1 of 25 14 January 2010 at 4:14 pm | IP Logged
As promised , I 've made an overview of the technique I use for picking up new languages .
There are 4 steps to the process , but step 3 , I 've already talked a lot about that step in a lot of my previous videos .
I basically talked about utilizing chat rooms and other output .
For some reason , I was unable to upload the video on youtube .
I will try again later , but for now , I will post up the other steps .
I will also post the script here for you guys to see .
I hope it helps those who are just beginning a language .
Thanks for viewing .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NY5oOOlvsN4 Step 1,2
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJFX5tTnK3c
Step 3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlgaT1jzVHQ
Step 4
STEP#1
( Who )
- Who 's teaching you the language ?
- Who taught you the language ?
- Who did you learn the language from ?
- Who is your teacher ?
* And any other questions using '' who ' '
----------------------------------------
( What )
- What is your name ?
- What 's your reason for learning the language ?
- What is your job ?
- What do you do ?
- What is your age ?
- What do you do in your spare time ?
- What does this mean ?
- What time is it ?
- What is today 's date ?
- What are your hobbies ?
* And any other questions using '' what ' '
-----------------------------------------
( When )
- When did you start learning the language ?
- When did you go to the country ?
- When will you go to the country ?
* And any other questions using '' when ' '
------------------------------------------
( Where )
- Where are you from ?
- Where did you learn the language ?
- Where in the country have you been ?
- Where in the country will you go ?
- Where is your hometown ?
- Where do you want to go
* And any other questions using '' where ' '
-------------------------------------------
( Why )
- Why are you interested in the language ?
- Why did you choose to learn the language ?
- Why do you think the language is interesting ?
* And any other questions using '' why ' '
-----------------------------------------------
( How )
- How did you learn the language ?
- How long have you learned the language ?
- How much time do you spend studying the language ?
- How do you say ( ......)
- How do you write (......)
- How are you learning the language ?
* And any other questions using ' ' how ' '
( Which )
- Which countries have you been to ?
- Which books are you using to learn the language ?
- Which city do you live in ?
- Which language you enjoy learning the most
- Which languages are you learning ?
* And any other questions using '' which ' '
--------------------------------------------------
( What kind )
- What kind of food do you like ?
- What kind of books are you using ?
- What kind of audio are you using for the language ?
* And any other questions using '' what kind ' '
----------------------------------------------------
Other important questions that will be asked :
( Have you ever been to the country ? )
- Have you ever been to China before ?
- I 've never been to China before , ( but ) ( I 'm sure ) one day I will get the opportunity to go there .
( Do you think the language is difficult ? )
( Do you think the language is difficult ? )
----------------------------------------------------
ROAD RUNNING KEY WORDS :
Although , But , even if , if , when ( when something occurs ) , and , now , other , told me ,
Moreover , whenever , or , also , now , because , after , before , to think , very , is that so ,
than , as long as , continue , still , probably , maybe , usually , sometimes , ok , I see , to make ( make something happen ) once in a while , always , especially , like this , like that , must , simply , Yet , feel , Hope that , just , just ( a minute ago ) , for example , as soon as , believe , with , at least , more and more , Most interesting of all , seems , I 'm sure that , in order to , for me , more , the more ... the , easiest - Most difficult ( Superlative ) , too ( excessive ) , also , in comparison to , certainly , in my opinion , to me , in my point of view , soon , as a matter of fact , honestly , Actually , already , Heard that , for sure , better ( I 'd better ) , about , even .
------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------
* One should incorporate these key terms as much as possible with everything
learned .
Here 's a list of examples using them with interrogatives :
- WHO'S TEACHING YOU THE LANGUAGE
I 'm learning the language on my own ( now ) , ( but ) , ( although ) I 'm learning on my
own , I do n't ( think ) it 's a difficult task .
( As long as ) I ( continue ) to work hard , I will be successful .
- WHICH LANGUAGES ARE YOU LEARNING ?
( Now ) I 'm learning Chinese ( and ) Japanese , ( but ) I will ( probably ) start learning ( other ) languages ( because ) I ( Believe ) learning ( many ) languages is very enriching .
( Although ) it ( may ) be difficult for an individual , ( at least ) the learning process will be fun .
------------------------------------------------------------ --------------------------
Moses McCormick
Edited by laoshu505000 on 15 January 2010 at 12:21 pm
64 persons have voted this message useful
jondesousa
Tetraglot
Senior Member
United States
goo.gl/Zgg3nRegistered users can see my Skype Name
Joined 4749 days ago
227 posts - 297 votes
Speaks : English * , Portuguese , Japanese , Esperanto
Studies : Latin , Mandarin , Spanish
Message 2 of 25 14 January 2010 at 5:08 pm | IP Logged
Moses ,
Thanks so much for these other wonderful videos .
I 'll check them out tonight .
Are you back home now ?
How did you enjoy your trip ?
Your videos have been entertaining and interesting .
Jon
1 person has voted this message useful
laoshu505000
Senior Member
United States
Joined 4301 days ago
121 posts - 231 votes
Speaks : English *
Message 3 of 25 14 January 2010 at 7:15 pm | IP Logged
jondesousa wrote :
Moses ,
Thanks so much for these other wonderful videos .
I 'll check them out tonight .
Are you back home now ?
How did you enjoy your trip ?
Your videos have been entertaining and interesting .
Jon
Yes , I got back home about 1 week ago .
The trip was fantastic .
I 'll be going back in 2 years time .
Moses
1 person has voted this message useful
RipeIdeas
Newbie
Japan
orangeroomstudios.wo
Joined 3847 days ago
3 posts - 11 votes
Speaks : English *
Message 4 of 25 02 April 2010 at 9:43 pm | IP Logged
Moses ,
Thank you for your inspiring work in foreign language teaching and learning .
I have n't gotten around to watching all of your videos , but between the videos I have seen , and just knowing how much time , effort , and thought you have invested , I am once both humbled and encouraged
More specifically , I was glad to find tonight your videos and overview of your FLR Technique .
With well - defined , well - developed methods like this , and those of Prof.
Arguelles ( like the Shadowing and Scriptorium techniques , as wel as his general educational philosophy and approach to autodidacticism ) , I believe the entire community of independent language learners will not just benefit practically , but more importantly come together and , with time and collaborative efforts , change the way we see the world .
You may have answered this question on another thread , but what is your timeline for this 4 step technique ?
Is this what you use when you mention your plan to work on one new language every 3 months ?
I am curious , then , how you deal with the question of maintenance ?
Tommy
1 person has voted this message useful
laoshu505000
Senior Member
United States
Joined 4301 days ago
121 posts - 231 votes
Speaks : English *
Message 5 of 25 06 April 2010 at 2:11 am | IP Logged
RipeIdeas wrote :
Moses ,
Thank you for your inspiring work in foreign language teaching and learning .
I have n't gotten around to watching all of your videos , but between the videos I have seen , and just knowing how much time , effort , and thought you have invested , I am once both humbled and encouraged .
More specifically , I was glad to find tonight your videos and overview of your FLR Technique .
With well - defined , well - developed methods like this , and those of Prof.
Arguelles ( like the Shadowing and Scriptorium techniques , as wel as his general educational philosophy and approach to autodidacticism ) , I believe the entire community of independent language learners will not just benefit practically , but more importantly come together and , with time and collaborative efforts , change the way we see the world .
You may have answered this question on another thread , but what is your timeline for this 4 step technique ?
Is this what you use when you mention your plan to work on one new language every 3 months ?
I am curious , then , how you deal with the question of maintenance ?
Tommy
Hi Tommy ,
Sorry for the late reply .
First off , I wanna thank you for watching my videos .
I 'm very happy to have read your message regarding FLR .
As for time period , it should n't take no longer than 3 months to go through this process .
It 's basically for those who 've never studied a language before independantly and do n't know where to begin .
It gives the learner a jump start , building a strong and basic foundation of whatever language they 're attempting to learn .
I 've pretty much used this strategy for all of the languages I 've ever studied .
As for your question - '' maintenance ' ' that 's very important .
It will then be up to the learner to continue expanding knowledge in targeted language .
Just like any other language , one would have to use it consitantly in order to keep things in tact - even if that means getting a job in the country or just using it with friends on a daily basis .
I hope this all made sense and I 've answered your question thoroughly .
Let me know if you ever have any questions .
Talk to you soon .
Best ,
Moses McCormick
Edited by laoshu505000 on 06 April 2010 at 2:11am
1 person has voted this message useful
delta910
Diglot
Senior Member
United States
Joined 4360 days ago
267 posts - 313 votes
Speaks : English * , Spanish
Studies : Dutch , German
Message 6 of 25 06 April 2010 at 6:27 am | IP Logged
First off , great videos Moses .
I always enjoy watching your videos and they 're great to boost my motivation .
Keep
it up !
Ok , maybe it's me but I 'm somewhat confused with the FLR technique .
It seems as though that right when one
begins a language one should right away create and learn these phrases you have put up to use in a
conversation , but how can one do that when one knows nothing in the language or very little of that language ?
It
seems as though it is more of a way to do output rather than input and is more intended for learners to use
when they are at a higher level .
Also , when talking about key words in a text , at the beginning for a new learner of that language , would n't all of
the words of that dialogue be considered key words since one has no to little vocabulary and needs words to
build off from ?
It seems you are wanting to do output before you have any input of that language or use that language before
one has knowledge or a large vocabulary of that language .
Also , when speaking to a native speaker , one just
ca n't expect to know some key phrases and anticipate what a native will say ; furthermore , they may ask you one
of those questions and you 'll give the answer but then they 'll come with another question that you have n't
" rehearsed " and you 'll be caught with your pants down with very very limited vocabulary with nothing else to
help you .
Is this technique intended for right out of the box learners with now knowledge of that language , or is it more of
a method for people to use later on in their learning to help strike up a conversation with natives as output ?
I 'm curious about your thoughts Moses .
Thanks !
1 person has voted this message useful
RipeIdeas
Newbie
Japan
orangeroomstudios.wo
Joined 3847 days ago
3 posts - 11 votes
Speaks : English *
Message 7 of 25 06 April 2010 at 7:58 am | IP Logged
@delta910
Your question is related to Steve Kaufmann 's ideas of having to do a lot of listening and vocabulary - building before speaking , as particularly emphasized in his response to Benny the Irish Polyglot 's latest attempt to pass as a native speaker of German after only 3 months of immersion .
Without getting off topic , though , I see the FLR Technique as one of many tools in the polyglot 's arsenal , and in this regard , the FLR technique is a tool that a beginner can use for early conversational encounters with native speakers by , in steps 1 and 2 , prioritizing vocabulary ( basically by memorizing interrogatives and the keywords ) .
I imagine that other polyglots are always supplementing their techniques with other strategies , materials , resources etc which , over time , also build words .
Probably the Road Running Keywords part needs more explanation and better categorization , if anything , as the words listed , while all very important to have in your vocabulary at some point , represent a large range of complexity .
For example , " but " and " in my opinion " are really different concepts , and here delta910 might agree that it would be kind of bizarre and unproductive to whip out on a whim " as a matter of fact , ... " without the " appropriate " lexicon to subsequently justify its grand entrance .
However , having been in many situations with a ( missed ) chance to communicate with a native speaker of a foreign language of my interest , I have to say that , at the very least , the FLR approach is on the right path .
On many levels , it 's much better to barely get through one or two questions of such an encounter than to have nothing to say at all .
Who knows , you might end up making a friend with whom to practice with later .
Basically we will always be " caught with a pants down " in foreign language study ; its just a question of how much you show , and how far you get ( away ) with that ;)
Anyway , I am also curious about Moses ' thoughts .
3 persons have voted this message useful
laoshu505000
Senior Member
United States
Joined 4301 days ago
121 posts - 231 votes
Speaks : English *
Message 8 of 25 08 April 2010 at 4:24 pm | IP Logged
A woman who worked for New York bank Citigroup Inc , has filed a lawsuit against the bank accusing it of firing her for being too attractive .
» Click here to watch video .
The bank believes the lawsuit should be dismissed , or else sent to arbitration , court records show .
Village Voice SACKED AND SMOKIN ' : Debrahlee Lorenzana , 33 , alleges management warned her not to dress like her female co-workers because her " shapeliness " upset her " easily distracted " male colleagues and supervisors .
Debrahlee Lorenzana , a 33 - year - old mother , who worked as a business banking officer , alleged that management had warned her not to dress like her female co-workers because her " shapeliness " upset her " easily distracted " male colleagues and supervisors .
The lawsuit was filed in November 2009 but it received new attention after The Village Voice newspaper published an article about the 1.68 m , 57kg Lorenzana .
Lorenzana and her lawyer Jack Tuckner were not available to comment on Thursday .
According to the complaint , soon after beginning work in September 2008 at a Citibank branch in Manhattan 's Chrysler building , Lorenzana was advised by supervisors not to wear turtlenecks , pencil skirts and fitted suits because her figure made such attire " too distracting " for male workers to bear .
Lorenzana said management told her that female co-workers were not similarly told what to wear because their " general unattractiveness rendered moot their sartorial choices . "
Efforts to dress down did not end management 's complaints , the single mother told the Voice .
" I could have worn a paper bag , and it would not have mattered , " she said .
After complaining about her treatment , Lorenzana said she was transferred to a Rockefeller Centre branch but given a remote desk that made it difficult to sign up customers .
Lorenzana was fired in August 2009 , for reasons including " inappropriate " attire and a failure to meet new account quotas , the complaint said .
Citigroup rejected Lorenzana 's allegations .
" Her termination was solely performance - based and not at all related to her appearance or attire , " the bank said in a statement .
" We are confident that when all of the facts and documentation are presented , the claim will be dismissed . "
The lawsuit was filed in the New York State Supreme Court in Manhattan .
It seeks lost pay , compensatory and punitive damages , and other remedies .
World Sunlight Map
Watch the sun rise and set all over the world on this real - time , computer - generated illustration of the earth 's patterns of sunlight and darkness .
The clouds are updated daily with current weather satellite imagery .
The Peters projection is one way of looking at the spherical earth as a flat map .
Useful for political maps , it shows the true area of land masses , choosing instead to distort their shape .
Compare this with Mollweide , Mercator , or equirectangular projection maps .
Also available is a semi-realistic view of dawn and dusk from far above the Earth , a look at the moon , and information about how this works .
Hubble telescope picture of T Pyxidis , from a compilation of data taken on Feb. 26 , 1994 , and June 16 , Oct. 7 , and Nov. 10 , 1995 , by the Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 . Credit : NASA
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A massive white dwarf star in our galaxy may become a supernova several million years from now , and could damage the Earth and possibly destroy life on Earth .
Scientists at the American Astronomical Society 's 215th meeting , in Washington DC , said earlier this week that new observations of T Pyxidis in the constellation Pyxis ( the compass ) using the International Ultraviolet Explorer satellite , indicate the white dwarf is part of a close binary system with a sun , and the pair are 3,260 light - years from Earth and much closer than the previous estimate of 6,000 light - years .
The white dwarf in the T Pyxidis system is a recurrent nova , which means it undergoes nova ( thermonuclear ) eruptions around every 20 years .
The most recent known events were in 1967 , 1944 , 1920 , 1902 , and 1890 .
These explosions are nova rather than supernova events , and do not destroy the star , and have no effect on Earth .
The astronomers do not know why the there has been a longer than usual interval since the last nova eruption .
Astronomers believe the nova explosions are the result of an increase of mass as the dwarf siphons off hydrogen - rich gases from its stellar companion .
When the mass reaches a certain limit a nova is triggered .
It is unknown whether there is a net gain or loss of mass during the siphoning / explosion cycle , but if the mass does build up the so - called Chandrasekhar Limit could be reached , and the dwarf would then become a Type 1a supernova .
In this event the dwarf would collapse and detonate a massive explosion resulting in its total destruction .
This type of supernova releases 10 million times the energy of a nova .
Observations of the white dwarf during the nova eruptions suggest its mass is increasing , and pictures from the Hubble telescope of shells of material expelled during the previous explosions support the view .
Models estimate the white dwarf 's mass could reach the Chandrasekhar Limit in around 10 million years or less .
According to the scientists the supernova would result in gamma radiation with an energy equivalent to 1,000 solar flares simultaneously - enough to threaten Earth by production of nitrous oxides that would damage and perhaps destroy the ozone layer .
The supernova would be as bright as all the other stars in the Milky Way put together .
One of the astronomers , Dr Edward Sion , from Villanova University in Pennsylvania , said the supernova could occur " soon " on the timescales familiar to astronomers and geologists , but this is a long time in the future in human terms .
Astronomers think supernova explosions closer than 100 light years from Earth would be catastrophic , but the effects of events further away are unclear and would depend on how powerful the supernova is .
The research team postulate it could be close enough and powerful enough to damage Earth , possibly severely , although other researchers , such as Professor Fillipenko of the Berkeley Astronomy Department , disagree with the calculations and believe the supernova , if it occurred , would be unlikely to damage the planet .
Explore further Star exploding inside another star sheds light on super stellar explosions
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Image caption Abhisit Vejjajiva has promised an investigation into the crackdown
Thailand 's prime minister has easily survived a no -confidence vote tabled in parliament in the wake of recent deadly street protests .
Allies of Abhisit Vejjajiva backed the prime minister , who was facing censure over his handling of the protests .
A crackdown on the protests last month , which followed days of skirmishes , left some 80 people dead and 1,800 injured .
On Monday , a senior UN official called for an independent inquiry into the unrest .
During two days of often - heated debate , broadcast live on TV , the opposition Puea Thai Party charged that the army 's use of live ammunition and armoured personnel carriers was excessive and resulted in civilian casualties .
The government has insisted it turned to the military as a last resort after all attempts to negotiate a peaceful resolution to the crisis in the preceding weeks failed .
Mr Abhisit has blamed " terrorists " within the red- shirts for the deaths , saying there had been " a militia group which attacked the military and that led to clashes " .
Members of the lower house voted 246- 186 to reject the no-confidence motion against Mr Abhisit , while others abstained .
The government needed at least 238 votes to survive the motion .
Poll date
The government has promised a full inquiry into the events surrounding the protests .
Mr Abhisit has promised he will " definitely not influence nor interfere with the investigation " in any way .
But the BBC's Rachel Harvey in Bangkok says that opposition politicians , many of whom actively supported the protests , are suspicious that any government - appointed panel will not be impartial .
The thousands of anti-government " red- shirt " protesters had been calling for Mr Abhisit to dissolve parliament immediately and call new elections .
They say the government - which came to power through a parliamentary deal rather than an election - is illegitimate .
The prime minister initially offered to hold elections in November but withdrew the offer when the red- shirts did not end their protests .
He has yet to set another date for polls , saying some stability has to be restored before balloting can be held .
The red -shirts are a loose coalition of left - wing activists , democracy campaigners and mainly rural supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra .
They had been protesting in Bangkok since 14 March , occupying the shopping district and forcing hotels and shops to close .
On 19 May , the stand - off turned violent as the government moved in to seal off the area and a renegade general who backed the protests was shot dead .
Advertisements
Future 2012 GOP presidential candidate Newt Gingrich turned up on FNC ’s Hannity tonight to argue against BP having to set up an escrow account for the Gulf oil spill victims , because holding BP accountable has turned the United States into a “ Venezuela style country . ”
Gringrich feels sympathy not for the residents of the Gulf , but for poor BP .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Gingrich said , “ Look there ’s so many different things wrong right now that it ’s hard to put them into one TV show .
Well just start with this compensation fund .
Is this an effort by BP to avoid potentially lawsuits for much more money ?
How did they arrive at $ 20 billion ?
Was Obama the person that picked $ 20 billion ?
How would he know ?
Should it have been $ 10 billion or $ 40 billion ?
Is the President really going to appoint a political crony to run this compensation fund ?
Has America degenerated into a Venezuelan style country where the leader gets to pick somebody to hand out $ 20 billion , and we think that ’s not going to be corrupt ? ”
He went on to claim that the compensation fund is illegal , “ All of this is outside the law .
We have laws for suits .
The Congress could create and the President could sign a bill to have some kind of compensation process , but to have it handled by press release ?
This is the kind of stuff that is going to convince every major business in the world to avoid the United States , to invest outside the United States because our political class seems to have lost any sense of balance and any sense of the rule of law . ”
Gingrich actually suggested in the clip that the people in the Gulf should file lawsuits , and if anyone thinks that this is a good idea , they should ask the people in Alaska who had to sue over the Exxon Valdez how well that worked out for them .
The Republican Party has now gone so far to the right that people like Newt Gingrich argue with a straight face that holding BP accountable for causing the worst environmental disaster in the history of the country is akin to socialism .
In essence , Gingrich was claiming that BP was the victim here of Obama ’s socialistic rule .
Think about that for a second .
The victim , according to Newt Gingrich , is not the people of the Gulf Coast whose lives have been altered forever .
No , the victim is BP because that mean socialist Barack Obama is trying to make them pay .
By the way , that “ Obama crony ” that Gingrich made reference to is named Kenneth Feinberg , and he was appointed by Bush attorney general John Ashcroft to oversee the 9/11 victims fund .
Feinberg has somehow gone from being good enough to be a Bush appointee after 9/11 to now being a corrupt socialist crony of Barack Obama .
Everyone knows that Gingrich is running for the Republican nomination in 2012 , and his remarks on Hannity tonight were geared towards GOP primary voters , but the scary thing for the rest of the country is that Gingrich is considered by many to be one of the smartest people in the Republican Party .
Newt Gingrich is what passes for an enlightened intellectual in today ’s Republican Party .
Newt Gingrich is a sterling example of why the GOP should not be trusted to run our government .
What exactly does reasonable suspicion look like ?
Mosquitoes can develop a resistance to substances used to repel them .
This has been shown for the first time in laboratory tests at the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences ( SLU ) and associates in the UK .
It is the yellow fever mosquito that has developed a resistance to the mosquito repellent DEET , a substance used in mosquito repellents all over the world .
In Sweden it is found in the products MyggA and Djungelolja ( Jungle Oil ) .
The capacity of mosquitoes to develop resistance has been shown to be hereditary .
" Through testing , we have found that yellow fever mosquitoes no long sense the smell of DEET and are thereby not repelled by it .
This is because a certain type of sensory cell on the mosquito's antenna is no longer active " says Rickard Ignell , a researcher at the Division for Chemical Ecology at SLU in Alnarp .
Rickard Ignell performed the research in collaboration with Rothamstead Research in the UK .
The findings were recently published in the scientific journal Proceedings of National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
The scientists have thus seen that the sensory cell on the mosquito's antenna has stopped reacting to DEET .
This have many explanations , such as the protein that binds in to DEET having mutated .
" More research is needed to find out what the mechanism is , " says Rickard Ignell .
The researchers are now urging restrictiveness in the use of DEET and other mosquito repellents on a large scale in a limited area , in order not to make other mosquito species resistant .
Harvard sophomore , Eric Balderas , knows why the DREAM
Act is important to so many .
Earlier this month , Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) picked up Balderas in Boston on his way to visit his mother in San Antonio , Texas .
Balderas now faces the possibility of deportation at a hearing next month .
The 19 - year - old biology major was valedictorian of his high school class and is on a full scholarship at Harvard .
Sadly , Balderas is just one of roughly 1.5 million unauthorized immigrant children — many of whom do n’t speak Spanish and consider themselves American — currently living in the U.S. who are at risk for deportation .
How many of America ’s talented youth must the U.S. deport before Congress musters the courage to act ?
If passed , the DREAM Act would allow qualified young people — who were brought to the U.S. without documentation — to adjust their status to “ conditional permanent resident ” given he / she meets the requirements .
Balderas , who came to the U.S. illegally when he was four , is a perfect candidate for the DREAM Act — he entered the U.S. before the age of 16 , earned a high school diploma , is a person of good moral character and has no criminal record .
Eric ’s case prompted Harvard President , Drew Faust , to issue this statement :
[ The DREAM Act provides ] a lifeline to these students who are already working hard in our middle and high schools and living in our communities by granting them the temporary legal status that would allow them to pursue postsecondary education .
In the first years of enactment , the DREAM Act would help approximately 360,000 qualified high - school graduates to receive conditional residency .
Over the next 13 years , the bill would also provide incentives for another 715,000 youngsters ( an average of 55,000 a year ) currently between the ages of 5 and 17 to finish high school and pursue post - secondary education .
According to Harvard ’s vice president of public affairs and communications , Christine Heenan :
Eric Balderas has already demonstrated the discipline and work ethic required for rigorous university work , and has , like so many of our undergraduates , expressed an interest in making a difference in the world .
These dedicated young people are vital to our nation ’s future , and President Faust ’s support of the DREAM
Act reflects Harvard ’s commitment to access and opportunity for students like Eric .
To date , the DREAM Act has 38 cosponsors in the Senate and 123 in the House , with bipartisan support in both .
Sponsorship of the bill , however , does not guarantee its movement or passage .
( Recall that the DREAM Act failed in a cloture vote in 2007 . )
Although a group of undocumented college students — along with Senators Durbin ( D - IL ) and Lugar ( R - IN ) — have urged the White House and DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano to halt the deportation of eligible DREAM
Act students in the absence of a larger immigration overhaul , their efforts seem to have fallen on deaf ears .
The question , however , remains — why would the U.S. want to deport talented students , educated in the U.S. , who are clearly economic and social assets to this country ?
Seth Hoy
Republished with permission from Immigration Impact .
The administration wants to increase from $ 1 billion to $ 1.5 billion the amount that could be spent from an emergency cleanup fund paid with industry fees , and raise a $ 75 million liability limit BP would bear for costs not directly connected to cleaning up the spill , such as lost wages and tourism .
I already talked about function scope in my last blogpost .
Yet to fully understand how functions scope works , it might be good to look at the hoisting of variable declarations .
To non-native english speakers like me , the word hoisting itself presents a certain mystery .
Here is what Wiktionary tells us :
Verb to hoist :
To raise ; to lift ; to elevate ; especially , to raise or lift to a desired elevation , by means of tackle or pulley , as a sail , a flag , a heavy package or weight .
This is precisely what JavaScript does with a variable declaration .
The var statement
var counter = 0 ;
gets split into two statements :
// A var statement in which the variable counter is declared and
// initialized to undefined .
var counter ;
//
An assignment statement which assigns the value 0 to the variable .
counter = 0 ;
When we say that the variable declaration gets hoisted , we mean that the declaration part of the var counter = 0 ; statement is put to the beginning of the function by the interpreter , meaning that the two following functions are equal :
var f1 = function ( ) {
// some code
var counter = 0 ;
// some more code
}
var f2 = function ( ) {
var counter ; // initialized with undefined
// some code
counter = 0 ;
// some more code
}
f1 gets actually transformed into f2 .
Remember how we defined function scope : A variable declared anywhere in the function is visible everywhere in the function .
The hoisting of variable declarations is the reason for this .
Hoisting of the variable declarations is also the reason we recommended to declare variables in the beginning of the function in JavaScript .
This is different from most C like languages , in which it is recommended to declare variables where they are actually used .
Let ’s look at an example to see why declaring the variables at the top of a function is important for a better understanding of the program :
// a global variable
var counter = 0 ;
var f = function ( data ) {
counter ++;
// so something
for ( var counter = 0 ; counter < data .
length ; counter ++ ) {
// do something
}
}
f ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ) ;
alert ( counter ) ; // -> 0
This seems wired , right .
The increment of counter ++ at the beginning of f( ) seems to be applied on the global counter variable .
But due to the hoisting of the declaration within the for ( ; ; ) loop , the increment is applied to the counter declared in the loop .
That ’s it .
I think that I coverd all the basics of function scope and lexical scoping in the last two posts .
In my next post , I ’ll show how to rewrite f in order to be able to use a counter variable within the loop and still have access to the counter from the enclosing scope .
UPDATE TUESDAY 11AM : A source close to CBS stressed that the casting changes on Criminal Minds were a creative , not financial decision , and a way to “ refresh a veteran drama series . ”
A new regular female cast member will be brought in sometime next season to fill the void that will be left by Cook ’s departure .
EXCLUSIVE MONDAY 7:50 PM : Heading to Season 6 , CBS ’ successful crime drama Criminal Minds is trimming the female portion of its cast for what I hear are financial reasons .
I ’m told the option of series regular A.J. Cook has not been picked up and co-star Paget Brewster is being made an offer to stay for only a reduced number of episodes next season , leaving fan favorite Kristen Vangsness as the only remaining full - time female cast member .
I hear negotiations are underway with Brewster for a new deal that would keep her on the show .
If she agrees , she will continue to be formally a regular but wo n’t appear in every episode .
Talks are also ongoing with Cook to possibly appear in several episodes next season to wrap her character Jennifer Jereau ’s storyline .
Among the broadcast networks , CBS has been aggressive in trying to rein in series costs , especially on its longer - running , more expensive dramas with large ensemble casts .
Criminal Minds has had seven regulars as part of its core cast .
Staying on are Joe Mantegna , Thomas Gibson , Shemar Moore , Matthew Gray Gubler and Vangsness .
With the exception of Vangsness ’ quirky nerd goddess Penelope Garcia , which has developed a strong following , the series has largely been perceived as a male - centered ensemble , with the boys getting most of the action .
Cook has been on the show since the first episode , joining after the pilot in 2005 .
Paget Brewster came on board nine episodes into Season 2 , replacing original cast member Lola Glaudini .
But aside from the Glaudini - Brewster switch and the forced replacement of original lead Mandy Patinkin with Mantegna following Patinkin ’s abrupt exit after Season 2 , the cast on Criminal Minds has been pretty stable , with Gibson , Moore and Vangness all on board since the pilot .
Do you love Batman ?
Well you do n’t love it as much as Aaron Schoenke .
If you did you would have spent $ 27,000 to film your own take on the popular franchise .
That ’s what Schoenke paid to film City of Scars , a rather impressive looking and morbid take on Batman .
Aaron took the film back to it ’s roots with a darker look and the classic voice over which I personally love , although I know voice overs can piss off some viewers .
Here ’s the synopsis for the 30 minute movie :
When the Joker escapes from Arkham and murders the parents of a young boy , Batman recalls the pain of losing his own parents as a child .
He is pushed past his limits to the point where his focus becomes revenge on all who stand in his way , including many of Gotham ’s underworld .
Finally , Batman is forced to look at the psychological profile of his own mind and accept the consequences of his life to find resolve .
Batman has always focused on revenge in some manner or another , giving him the opportunity to realize how his revenge affects who he is may be a great idea , but the conclusion will always be the same “ I ’m Batman . ”
Here ’s the entire movie :
So what do you think ?
Not bad for $ 27,000 in my opinion .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has opened an investigation into a possible security breach of AT&T Inc.'s website that exposed the email addresses of some owners of Apple Inc. iPad devices .
" The FBI is aware of these possible computer intrusions and has opened an investigation , " said Katherine Schweit , an FBI spokeswoman .
Ms. Schweit said the FBI began the investigation Thursday but would n't comment on what the bureau is looking at .
" It 's very early in the investigation , " she added .
The ...
FDA Panel to Decide on U.S. Distribution of Controversial Contraceptive Pill , EllaOne
New emergency contraceptive pill prevents pregnancy up to five days after sex .
Jun. 16 , 2010  --
A controversial , longer - lasting morning after pill has received the unanimous backing of a Food and Drug Administration panel of experts .
The panel today recommended that ellaOne , a one - pill treatment that has proved effective in preventing pregnancy up to five days after unprotected intercourse , be approved for use in the United States .
Although the FDA is not required to follow the panel 's recommendation , it usually does .
EllaOne , made by French drugmaker HRA Pharma , was approved for use in Europe last year , but discussion of selling it in the U.S. has spurred controversy as critics of the drug say that it is not so much emergency contraception as emergency abortion .
" This is a thinly veiled attempt to get an abortion drug over - the - counter , " said Dr. Donna Harrison , president of the American Association of Pro-Life Obstetricians and Gynecologists .
Because fertilization of egg and sperm can only be prevented within 24 hours of intercourse if the woman has just ovulated , Harrison argues , any emergency contraceptive that is effective five days after sex most likely works by preventing the already - fertilized egg from implanting in the uterus .
If one believes pregnancy begins with fertilization , that action would be considered abortion .
" To label this as emergency contraception when it 's clearly an abortive action is dishonest , " said Harrison .
But according to Dr. Lauren Streicher , clinical instructor in obstetrics and gynecology at Northwestern Medical School , believing that emergency contraception is equivalent to an abortion " is a big misconception . "
It takes five to seven days for the fertilized egg to implant in the uterus and begin to grow , she says .
She argues that if one interrupts the process before this implantation takes place , pregnancy never occurs .
" There are many people who are reluctant to take emergency contraception because they think it 's abortive , but it 's apples and oranges , " she said .
" With emergency contraception , it 's really to stop a pregnancy from occurring . "
Not surprisingly , these differing opinions hinge on the same definitional controversy that has plagued the abortion debates for decades : at what point does pregnancy begin -- when the egg is fertilized , or when it implants in the uterus ?
Because these two events can occur up to a week apart , emergency contraceptives , especially ellaOne with its five - day window for use , walk the line in this controversy .
New Drug Revives Old Debates
Available by prescription in Europe since September , ellaOne is 50 percent more effective -- and effective for 48 hours longer -- than the " morning - after pill " or Plan B , according to new research recently in the Lancet .
In the study of nearly 1,700 women between the ages of 16 and 36 who sought emergency contraception , women who took a morning - after pill had a 2.6 percent chance of becoming pregnant , while women who took ellaOne had only a 1.8 percent chance , and a five - day window of opportunity to take the pill .
Researchers noted that all forms of emergency contraception are more effective the sooner after intercourse they are taken , but ellaOne was found to be even more effective -- two thirds more -- than Plan B when taken within 24 hours of intercourse .
For those who support the use of emergency contraceptives , ellaOne is considered an important and vital innovation that will provide more reliable pregnancy prevention .
" This is great news [ because ] the need for emergency contraception is so great , " Streicher said , pointing out that 50 percent of pregnancies are unplanned .
Among those , she said , half involve couples using contraceptives that either malfunctioned -- like a condom breaking -- or were insufficient , like a diaphragm used without spermicidal foam .
" People often think unplanned pregnancies are [ the consequence of ] people being irresponsible , but that 's not [ usually ] the case .
It 's often from a failed attempt at contraception -- that 's why it 's so important that we have emergency contraception . "
Streicher says the longer window for taking ellaOne fills a much - needed gap in reproductive health because those who most often have unwanted pregnancies -- teenagers and those without access to adequate gynelogical care -- cannot always get to a doctor for treatment within a day or two .
While teens 17 and older can get Plan B over - the - counter , those under 17 would need to see a doctor , and it is these girls that may be most affected by a three - day time limit on the existing emergency contraceptive pills , Streicher says .
" In a perfect world you want anyone to use emergency contraception within 24 hours , but the reality is that having this five - day option is going to decrease the number of undesired pregnancies , " she said .
Emergency Contraception -- A False Sense of Reproductive Security ?
But this more powerful form of emergency contraception raises several concerns for anti-abortion rights advocates .
Harrison said that unlike Plan B , ellaOne is chemically similar to the common abortion pill RU - 486 , which is taken to abort a fetus as late as two months into pregnancy .
She believes that ellaOne is likely to carry the same risks as RU - 486 , such as excessive bleeding and infection , and said her biggest concern is the often overlooked risks this new drug could pose to the women who take it .
Harrison cites one study of Plan B , currently available over - the - counter , in which more than half the women who participated did n't know how to use the pill correctly .
Incorrect use can lead in a failure of the drug and / or adverse side effects .
Harrison fears that if ellaOne were to be brought to the states as another over - the - counter option , the chance for misuse and adverse side effects would be high .
If the FDA approves ellaOne for use in the states , however , it will be given only through a doctor , not over - the - counter .
What 's more , in a recent study on the drug , the only serious adverse event researchers found with ellaOne was dizziness , and this only occurred in one subject .
Another concern among pro-life critics of the drug is the fear that it will give women a sense of false security , leading them to be more lax about using contraception or practicing abstinence .
" Habits follow technology .
Contraception was supposed to prevent an abortion , but it has led to an increase in abortion when people got used to it being around .
The increased effectiveness of technology [ like this ] means people will relax that much more on their inhibitions , " said Stephen Phelan , communications manager for Human Life International , an anti-abortion missionary organization .
But Streicher countered that in her twenty years of experience , and in the literature on the topic , this fear is unfounded .
" Emergency contraception does not increase the chance that someone is going to not use contraception or that someone is going to start sexual activity at an earlier age .
On the contrary , it is necessary option for women who have that rare contraception failure or ... even more importantly , for those who are raped . "
Guest post by Willis Eschenbach
A few days ago , Steve Goddard put up a post called “ Does PIOMAS Verify ? ”
In it , he compared the PIOMAS computer model estimate of the Arctic ice volume with the SIDADS satellite measured Arctic ice area .
He noted that from 2007 on , the two datasets diverge .
Intrigued by this , I decided to compare the PIOMAS ice volume dataset with the Cryosphere Today ( CT ) Arctic ice area dataset .
Here is that data :
Figure 1 . Arctic ice area ( red line ) from Cryosphere Today .
Black line is a 6 year Gaussian average .
When I compared the two datasets , I expected to find something curious happening with the PIOMASS dataset .
Instead , I found a puzzle regarding the CT dataset .
I compared the CT area dataset with the PIOMAS dataset , and I found the same thing that Steve Goddard had found .
The datasets diverge at about 2007 .
So I took a hard look at the two datasets .
Instead of an problem with the PIOMAS volume dataset , I found the CT area dataset contained something odd .
Here is a plot of the CT daily data with the daily average variations removed :
Figure 2 . Cryosphere Today daily ice area anomaly .
Average daily variations have been removed .
The oddity about the data is what happens after 2007 .
Suddenly , there is a strong annual signal .
I have put in vertical black lines to highlight this signal .
The vertical lines show the end of September of each year .
Before 2007 , there is only a small variation in the data , and it does not have an annual signal .
After 2007 , the variation gets large , and there is a clear annual aspect to the signal .
The area in September ( the time of minimum ice ) is smaller than we would expect .
And the area in March ( the time of maximum ice ) is larger than we would expect .
I considered this for a while , and could only come to the conclusion that there was some kind of error in the CT dataset .
So I decided to look at another dataset , the NOAA SIDADS dataset .
Again , I removed the monthly signal , leaving only the anomaly .
Here is that result :
Figure 3 . SIDADS monthly ice area anomaly .
Monthly variations have been removed .
Again we see the same oddity after the start of 2007 , with a large annual variation where none existed before 2007 .
In the SIDADS dataset the variation is even more pronounced than in the CT data .
So that is the puzzle .
What has changed ?
Are they using a new satellite ?
If so , has the changeover been done properly ?
Since the smallest of the data has gotten smaller and the largest of the data has gotten larger , is the average data still valid ?
Just what the heck are we looking at here ?
Despite searching , I have not been able to find the answer to this question .
However , I have great faith that the assembled masses of the WUWT readership will find it very quickly .
( And then some of the readers will likely tell me that this shows I am a layman and a fool , and that I should have been able to find the answer easily on my own … so sue me . )
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
[ TRIGGER WARNING ]
This is how the celebrity press is describing Kat Stacks ( pictured above ) and her assault at a bar recently ( The first video may be triggering ; both videos are NSFW ) :
Celebrity groupie Kat Stacks was slapped and dragged by her hair after she called Bow Wow small .
Who is Kat Stacks ?
Well , she is one of the more interesting groupies around .
She uses her twitter account to contact celebrities she wants to bang .
They bang her and she recounts her sordid sexual escapades online !
Way to make a living Stacks .
According to another celeb - press item :
Reports say that an associate of Bow Wow was not happy with the things that Kat Stacks said about him , and so he went up to her in a bar and slapped her .
The man has been identified as Fabolous ’s Brother and in a video taken at the bar , it shows him walking up to Stacks , slapping her twice , hitting her cell phone out of her hand and repeatedly demanding that she apologize to Bow Wow .
Kat Stacks is allegedly working on a lawsuit against the men who assaulted her .
The men slapped and otherwise humiliated Kat Stacks for the exactly same thing that video vixen Karrine Steffans made a mini-career out of and several mistresses and former sex workers have claimed their Warholian fame with lately : naming or admitting to the famous men they ’ve sexed .
Many of the numerous “ other women ” who ’ve been in the news lately have been white and have suffered relatively few , if any , repercussions .
Steffans suffered some backlash from her tell - all ; perhaps what kept her from the physical violation that Stacks suffered is the fact that 1 ) she framed her tell - all in terms of what my homie Latoya would call a “ Mary Magdalene moment , ” that of the repentant sexual woman of Biblical lore , 2 ) she could frame her story on Oprah , no less , 3 ) the age of and the position of the men she messed with in Hollywood ’s pecking - order ( one of her exes is Bill Maher ) and the PR they used to deflect their relationships / liaisons with Steffans , 4 ) as a sister - blogger said , it ’s also about who Steffans did n’t name in her memoir , which may speak to “ the power that man [ still ] has over her ” — and maybe some respect accorded to Steffans for not revealing who he is .
She has also made certain business alliances with men : according to her wiki , she now works as the resident sexpert for the Hustler stores and her books will be published by Larry Flynt Publications .
But Steffans may be the exception .
As my sister - blogger said to me when we discussed why these men may have targeted Stacks , black women simply do not benefit from talking about their sexual lives and partners in the same way non -black women do .
And she was n’t speaking just about white women ; my friend wondered if , say , Jennifer Lopez , Sarah Ramirez , Lucy Liu , or Ziyi Zhang , or other non-black women of color would suffer the same consequences if they wrote books about their sexual exploits .
Black women are still supposed to stay silent , present a semblance of sexual propriety ( if not downright sexlessness ) unless framed otherwise ( and , even framed as such , are supposed to be voiceless ) — and the consequences for talking about “ it ” and with whom ( complete with sexual critique of said whom ) can be , as seen with what the men did to Stacks , downright violent .
Even Lil Kim and Foxy Brown have some sexually explicit raps and videos , my homie said , but they are still spoken of in relatively non-sexual terms of talent ( or the lack thereof ) .
And , with much of women in rap nowadays , men and their desires are still defining a woman ’s worth as an emcee and as a sexual being .
The men who physically debased Stacks saw her as a “ ho ” who had to be “ put in her place ” : assaulting her into apologizing for her honesty is viewed as a “ proper action ” because , according to how society views and treats women who are forthrightly sexual ( even when they ’re honest about getting paid for sex ) , that ’s how such women are supposed to be treated .
In fact , goes the idea , they deserve such violence .
Slut - shaming in extremis .
Now , what does all that have to do with this part of the internet ?
When I read about the assault on Twitter , I found only one group who passionately spoke out against the men who perpetrated the violence against Stacks and those ( men and women ) who defended the assailants : mostly black feminist - minded people — and it was mostly black women at that .
( To paraphrase one woman ’s tweet , people thought they ’d choose someone that they guesstimated women and feminists would n’t defend due to the prevailing opinion of Stacks — and those people thought very , very wrong . )
Everyone else was deafeningly silent .
Perhaps because the story first broke in that part of the internet last Friday evening and the press and folks wanted to “ gather the facts , ” but I also know Twitter is good and fast when it comes to disseminating information and organizing people .
Kat Stacks ’ assault evoked no reaction from any other group of people .
If all the feminist rhetoric about violence against women — that we should stand up and speak out wherever we see it — is true , then the violence committed against Kat Stacks is indeed a feminist issue and , honestly , I ’d half - expected a bigger outcry from other people down with ending such violence .
However , it is such selective victim - choosing that cements the cynicism of feminism really being about and for certain people .
Thanks to Latoya and my other sister - blogger for brainstorming with me about this post !
Enlarge By Scott Olson , Getty Images Gary Cozette protests outside Wrigley Field before the start of the Cubs ' game against the Arizona Diamondbacks on Thursday in Chicago .
Dozens of people demonstrated outside the park calling for a boycott of the series to protest the passage of Arizona 's controversial new immigration law .
The first lawsuits in a planned wave of legal challenges to the controversial Arizona immigration law were filed Thursday in Phoenix and Tucson , as a volatile national debate stretched from street protests to the courts .
A new Gallup Poll , meanwhile , shows 39 % of Americans support the law , 30 % oppose it , and 31 % have not heard of it or have no opinion of the measure , which grants police unprecedented authority to question and detain suspected illegal immigrants .
The telephone survey of 1,013 adults taken Tuesday and Wednesday has a margin of error of +/–4 percentage points .
A week after the measure was signed into law , a national consortium of Latino churches and a Tucson police officer sued to try to stop it from taking effect .
Three other activist groups announced plans to file legal challenges .
LOCAL COVERAGE : Immigration law hit with its first 3 lawsuits
In Phoenix , the National Coalition of Latino Clergy and Christian Leaders said the new law illegally interferes with the federal government 's immigration enforcement responsibilities and would spur " racial discrimination . "
" This law sanctions police officers to use racial profiling in dealing with the immigrant community , " says Miguel Rivera , chairman of the coalition , which represents 300 churches in Arizona .
In Tucson , city patrol officer Martin Escobar charged that provisions for police to question suspects about their immigration status " would seriously impede law enforcement investigations . "
University of Texas law professor Sanford Levinson said challengers could make a strong argument that the state overreached because " the feds have exclusive jurisdiction over matters of immigration . "
Paul Senseman , a spokesman for Republican Gov. Jan Brewer , who signed the law , said it should stand because it " was designed to mirror existing federal law and to specifically prevent racial profiling . "
TRAVEL ALERT : Mexico issues alert over new immigration law
The legal challenges were only one front in an emotional debate that reaches far beyond Arizona .
Texas state Republican Rep. Debbie Riddle has said she would sponsor a comparable bill to combat illegal immigration in her state ; support for a similar bill surfaced in Oklahoma .
Elsewhere on Thursday :
• The Denver public school system banned work - related travel to Arizona to protest the law .
• Opponents of the law in Chicago protested at Wrigley Field , where the Arizona Diamondbacks opened a series with the hometown Cubs .
• In Washington , Senate Democratic leaders unveiled a proposal that , in part , would add federal agents to the Southwestern border .
President Obama called it " a very important step in the process of fixing our nation 's broken immigration system . "
• Colombian singer Shakira met with Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon to lend her celebrity to the campaign opposing the law .
Un nouvel anticorps a permis pour la première fois un net gain de survie de malades atteints d'un mélanome avancé , forme agressive de cancer de la peau en forte augmentation dans le monde .
Selon l'essai clinique , dévoilé samedi , deux ans après le début du traitement 24 % des patients traités avec cet anticorps , appelé Ipilimumab , étaient encore en vie comparativement à 14 % dans le groupe témoin .
La durée médiane de survie a été de dix mois avec l'ipilimumab contre un peu plus de six mois pour les malades traités avec les thérapies traditionnelles .
Tous ces patients étaient inopérables alors que leur mélanome s'était déjà propagé dans d'autres organes de leur corps , rendant le pronostic sombre .
" UNE AVANCÉE EXALTANTE "
" Au cours des trente dernières années , différents essais cliniques n'ont montré aucune amélioration dans la survie des personnes atteintes de ce cancer de la peau avancé très difficile à traiter " , a expliqué à la presse le Dr Steven O'Day , professeur associé à la faculté de médecine de l'Université de Californie du sud , qui a conduit cette étude également publiée en ligne dans le New England Journal of Medicine .
" Ces résultats représentent une avancée exaltante à la fois pour ces malades et pour le champ de recherche en immunologie du cancer " , a ajouté le médecin .
" C'est tout simplement la première fois qu'un essai clinique avec des patients atteints d'un mélanome avancé montre un gain de survie " , a commenté le Dr Lynn Schuchter , professeur de médecine à l'Université de Pennsylvanie et spécialiste du cancer de la peau depuis 25 ans qui n'a pas participé à l'étude .
L'Ipilimumab est un anticorps monoclonal administré par intraveineuse , généralement bien toléré mais peu avoir dans 10 à 15 % des patients des effets secondaires graves voire mortelles liés à l'action de l'anticorps sur le système immunitaire .
A la différence de la plupart des traitements qui ciblent les cellules cancéreuses , cet anticorps appartient à une nouvelle classe de médicaments qui stimule les cellules T ( thymocytes ) , une catégorie de lymphocytes jouant un rôle clé dans la réponse immunitaire cellulaire .
COMMERCIALISÉ RAPIDEMENT
Ces résultats très encourageants devraient déboucher assez rapidement sur l'autorisation de mise sur le marché par la Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , l'autorité américaine des médicaments .
Selon des estimations des milieux spécialisés l'Ipilimumab devrait générer plus de 400 millions de dollars de ventes dans les premières années de sa commercialisation .
Le mélanome est l'une des formes de cancers les plus fatales et dont l'incidence a le plus fortement augmenté parmi tous les cancers depuis trente ans , indique l'Organisation Mondiale de la Santé ( OMS ) .
Selon l'OMS , le cancer de la peau est responsable de 66 000 décès annuellement dans le monde dont environ 80 % sont des mélanomes .
Plus de la moitié des patients ont moins de 59 ans .
Le Monde
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The Obama administration , searching for ways to respond to the worst oil spill in U.S. history , opened civil and criminal investigations of the disaster on Tuesday .
Attorney General Eric Holder announced the probes on a Tuesday visit to Louisiana , the same day that shares of BP PLC BP , - 1.18 % dove close to 15 % .
BP owns the damaged well that 's been spewing oil into the Gulf since the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded on April 20 .
Holder did n't specify which companies may be the targets of the investigations .
But experts say that BP and other companies involved could face criminal charges as well as civil claims .
Justice Department lawyers are examining BP 's conduct before and after the disaster , according to The Wall Street Journal .
" We will make certain that those responsible clean up the mess they have made and restore or replace the natural resources lost or injured in this tragedy , " Holder said in a statement Tuesday .
" We will prosecute to the full extent any violations of the law . "
Read Holder 's statement .
Obama briefed
Holder visited the Gulf Coast and surveyed the damage on the same day President Barack Obama met for the first time with the co-chairmen of a special commission charged with finding out the cause of the spill and preventing another similar catastrophe .
" We have an obligation to investigate what went wrong and to determine what reforms are needed so that we never have to experience a crisis like this again , " the president remarked at the White House .
" If the laws on our books are insufficient to prevent such a spill , the laws must change .
" If our laws were broken , leading to this death and destruction , my solemn pledge is that we will bring those responsible to justice on behalf of the victims of this catastrophe and the people of the Gulf region , " Obama added .
Eleven workers died in the accident .
With the spill uncontained and still gushing oil into the Gulf , Obama had a late - morning meeting with commission co-chairmen Bob Graham , a former Democratic senator and governor of Florida ; and William Reilly , who headed the Environmental Protection Agency under President George H.W. Bush .
Obama said he 'll appoint five other members soon .
BP 's last effort to stop the leak , called the " top kill , " failed over the weekend , and now the disaster could stretch into August , when relief wells will be completed .
Holder was in Louisiana on Tuesday to meet with state attorneys general and U.S. attorneys from the region .
Last month , Holder said the administration would uphold the law as it relates to the spill .
The size of the spill already has surpassed the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill , for which oil giant Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM , +0.14 % agreed to pay $ 100 million in criminal penalties alone .
Exxon pleaded guilty to violating the Clean Water Act , the Refuse Act and the Migratory Bird Treaty Act .
Obama said he authorized the commission to hold public hearings and request information from government agencies , BP , Transocean Ltd. , Halliburton Co. and others .
Transocean RIG , - 4.26 % owned the Deepwater Horizon rig and Halliburton HAL , - 0.16 % installed some of the equipment on it .
The disaster has taken a $ 100 billion bite out of the market capitalization of the five key companies connected to the spill over the last six weeks .
Read about spill 's effect on energy shares .
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - BP
Plc said on Monday that its oil - capture systems at the massive Gulf of Mexico leak collected or burned off 23,290 barrels ( 978,180 gallons / 3.7 million liters ) of crude on Sunday .
Flames come off the side of the Discoverer Enterprise Drill Ship in the Gulf of Mexico off the Louisiana coast line June 13 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Sean Gardner
The British energy company is using two different systems to capture some of the oil spewing into the ocean from the deep - sea offshore well that ruptured on April 20 .
Its containment cap system , installed on June 3 , collected 14,570 barrels on Sunday , BP said .
A second system , started up on June 16 , burned off 8,720 barrels on Sunday , BP said .
The systems have a total capacity of 28,000 barrels a day , according to BP .
An undetermined amount of crude continues to gush into the sea despite BP ’s two collection systems .
U.S. Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen was slated to provide an update of the spill response at 11 a.m. CDT ( 12 p.m. EDT ) .
Overall , BP has collected 231,190 barrels of oil from the containment cap system that channels oil to Transocean Ltd ’s Discoverer Enterprise drill ship a mile above at the water ’s surface , according to BP figures .
A drillship is a vessel equipped with a drilling rig that can stay in place for long periods of time while drilling , testing and completing offshore wells .
The second system siphons oil through a hose connected to a failed blowout preventer at the seabed to Helix Energy Solutions ’ Q4000 service rig .
Unlike the drillship , that rig has no storage or processing capacity , so that collected oil must be burned off with a flare boom .
The Q4000 has burned off a total of 41,930 barrels of oil since it started up last week , according to BP figures .
The drillship ’s total processing capacity is 18,000 barrels a day , while the Q4000 can handle up to 10,000 barrels a day , BP said .
The cap system hit a high of 16,020 barrels on June 17 , an the Q4000 ’s high slightly surpassed its capacity at 10,100 on June 18 , BP said .
BP aims to add another oil - capture system by the end of June to increase overall capacity to up to 53,000 barrels a day , and then make further changes to boost capacity to up to 80,000 barrels a day by mid-July , according to the company ’s latest plan submitted to the Coast Guard .
The U.S. government estimates that up to 60,000 barrels of oil are gushing from the ruptured well per day .
All the systems are intended to capture oil until one or both relief wells are drilled and permanently cap the leak .
Those wells are expected to be finished in August , according to BP and the Coast Guard .
By Jay Zalowitz
For
Activision Blizzard
( ATVI ) - Get Report
, the release of the much - awaited
Starcraft II
and
Diablo III
should lead to some unexpectedly high sales and fuel purchases of the predecessor games in the series .
I expect these rollouts to be comparable to
Bungie's
Halo III
release .
My basis for this is that after a short poll of " gamers " among my group of friends and looking at communities that deal with game on the Internet , there are very few gamers who are not considering buying this release .
A short history of these two series is that they are the originating brand for the majority of these types of games .
Starcraft
was released in 1998 and has sold over 11 million copies worldwide , and despite being a computer game that is over 12 years old , is still on store shelves .
It has a pro gaming league around it , and there is a class at the University of California - Berkeley that teaches theory and strategy for it ; in a word , it 's big .
Diablo
has a similar following , with 17 million copies sold , including a programming community built around modding it .
The release prices for these games on Amazon are set at
$ 49.99
and
$ 59.99
, respectively , and these types of releases often come with one to three follow - up releases priced at a similar amount .
No
release date
has been set .
The majority of the research and development cost is already on the books for these games , and it is quite likely that there will be a reduction in expenditures toward R&D after these games are released .
Product development is one - fifth of ATVI 's revenue ( $ 3 billion and $ 600 million ) ; this could amount to a significant amount of savings .
ATVI has cash per share of $ 2.56 and no debt .
In a market in which developers are negative cash flow , it would be easy for ATVI to acquire a new and exciting brand that it could employ staff on right now , launching projects that would be very promising but otherwise fail due to the recession .
This is a recovery play , but it will also fare well in a recession in which gamers are forced to choose games that , being increasingly multiplayer , require other consumers to join .
ATVI is likely to succeed through the economy .
Finally , ATVI has a team developing products for smartphones and the like ( iPad ) .
ATVI has a forward P/E of 14.59 , almost too low for a game company , whereas competitor
Electronic Arts
( ERTS ) ( beneficiary of a large recent options bet that the stock would grow another 37 % by the beginning of next year ) has a forward P/E of 30.38 .
According to my estimates of $ 200 million in unpredicted revenue due to a large amount of pent - up demand for these games , as well as the high probability of selling multiple copies of the game to single households , it 's not unreasonable to expect a EPS of $ 1.10 next year .
At Thursday 's closing price of $ 11.96 , the forward price - to- earnings ratio would be only 10.87 times earnings for next year .
If sales would increase $ 200 million above expected numbers , this represents an interesting opportunity to investors wanting to add some " game " to their portfolio .
If the stock would match the current valuation , it would not be unreasonable to expect a valuation of $ 16 if you multiplied the same forward P/E of 14.59 to the new earnings prediction for next year of $ 1.10 a share .
( 14.59 X $ 1.1 = $ 16.05 )
Jay Zalowitz is a junior at the Stillman School of Business at Seton Hall University , where he is studying finance and information technology management .
by ·
Many people believe that the only way to reduce the appearance of varicose veins is to visit a physician , which can be costly and also painful .
However , there are actually natural remedies for varicose veins that will improve the appearance of varicose veins from the comfort of your home .
These natural remedies fall into one of two categories , dietary or topical .
There are three major dietary changes that can be made to improve varicose veins , which are :
Increase consumption of raw vegetable juice , particularly spinach and carrot juice because of the abundance of beta carotene , which is known to heal varicose ulcers .
About 200 ml of spinach juice along with 300 ml of carrot juice is suggested for the best results .
To ensure that adequate Vitamin C is consumed , a supplement should be taken to provide about 3,000 mg of Vitamin C daily .
Horse Chestnut Extract aids varicose veins by blocking enzymes from being released that damage capillary walls .
This will inhibit varicose veins from becoming worse and allow them to heal .
One very important thing to consider when deciding to use Horse Chestnut Extract , is that it should only be used in the form of an extract .
Teas and other unprocessed forms of Horse Chestnut can contain a toxin called esculin , but the extract has been widely used in Europe for the treatment of vein related issues and is generally deemed to be safe .
Butcher ’s Broom is an herb that improves circulation and can increase collagen within the walls of the blood cells .
The increase in collagen will strengthen veins that have been weakened and stretched out , thus improving varicose veins .
There are also 3 natural remedies for varicose veins that are of the topical variety :
Massage , especially with essential oils like rosemary , cypress , and chamomile , will help to reduce swelling , improve circulation , relieve pressure , and improve the appearance of varicose veins .
Aside from being quite enjoyable , massage is a very helpful remedy when consistently administered .
An alternating hot and cold compress or bath applied to varicose veins will improve blood flow and reduce swelling .
This will also help stimulate cell renewal and allow for healing to occur .
Acupuncture , Acupressure , or Reflexology are usually performed in a health care clinic , but are quite different than your usual doctor visit .
These practices center around the belief that manipulating certain pressure points in the body can help reduce swelling , alleviate pain , and also promote healing .
When consistently administered , these treatments may help reduce the swelling and pain caused by varicose veins and also help to heal the damage that has been done .
When dealing with varicose veins , it is important to understand that there are many options for healing .
Natural remedies for varicose veins should be explored , instead of just presuming that a traditional doctor ’s visit is the only answer for relief .
With alternative medicine on the rise , many people will surely be turning to natural remedies for varicose veins and other vein related issues .
Comments
Sydney Morning Herald journalist Paul McGeough says footage captured of the recent deadly raid on a Gaza aid flotilla has been re-edited for Israeli purposes .
Mr McGeough was onboard the flotilla with another Fairfax journalist when it was raided earlier this month , killing nine pro-Palestinian activists .
He has told triple j's Hack program his equipment and footage were seized by Israeli officials before he was deported .
" The imagery that was in various cameras is now being edited and put out by the Israeli Defence Force as their account of the events on the ships , " he said .
Mr McGeough says Fairfax and Australian authorities are working to have the property returned .
Energy can neither be created nor destroyed .
This principle , called conservation of energy , is one of our most cherished laws of physics .
It governs every part of our lives : the heat it takes to warm up a cup of coffee ; the chemical reactions that produce oxygen in the leaves of trees ; the orbit of Earth around the sun ; the food we need to keep our hearts beating .
We cannot live without eating , cars do not run without fuel , and perpetual - motion machines are just a mirage .
So when an experiment seems to violate the law of energy conservation , we are rightfully suspicious .
What happens when our observations seem to contradict one of science ’s most deeply held notions : that energy is always conserved ?
I do set my bow in the cloud , and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth .
— Genesis 9:13
We 've made no secret of our deep - rooted hatred of the insipid Mister Softee truck theme song , which drives us to distraction every summer .
But as intolerable as it is for us , we 've sometimes wondered how the people driving the trucks can stand it .
Well , CNN recently spent the day riding around with one of the operators in Brooklyn , and now we know how they stand it :
They completely lose their minds .
Driver Nike Olasokan says , " I love it .
It 's one of the best music I 've ever heard in my life .
I hear it every day and I still love it . "
On a good weather day , Olasokan says she can net up to $ 900 working from 10 a.m. to 11 p.m .
Of course , there 's a lot of overhead .
She has to pay to park the truck in an official Mister Softee depot , shell out to stock the truck with Mister Softee frozen dessert products , and even cough up a fee just to use her beloved Mister Softee theme song !
Mister Softee : Making bitches pay him since 1956 .
By Rafeef Ziadah
June 5 , 2010 -- The Bullet --
While people around the world are still in shock at the killing by Israeli commandos of innocent human rights activists on board the Gaza Freedom Flotilla , those who have been following Israeli state actions for some time are not surprised .
This is an ongoing pattern of Israeli state terrorism and collective punishment .
While we mourn the dead on the boats , we must not forget that the flotilla itself is in response to an even greater brutality – the slow starvation of more than 1.5 million people trapped in an open air prison called the Gaza Strip .
The siege of Gaza , now highlighted by the attack on the flotilla , has been ongoing since 2006 .
It amounts to nothing more than collective punishment .
It is not only illegal , but also completely immoral – aimed squarely at suffocating the Palestinian population .
The policy according to Israeli officials is " no prosperity , no development , no human crisis " .
The point is to make sure that life in Gaza is intolerable , but that there is enough of a trickle of aid that it is not deadly .
Construction material has not been allowed in , so hardly any new building has taken place since the 2008 - 09 Israel war on Gaza ( dubbed Operation Cast Lead ) .
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East schools are still doing double shifts and items like notebooks are not permitted into Gaza by the Israeli embargo .
Those seeking medical attention have to apply for Israeli permits to leave , and most of the time permits are denied .
The water situation is deplorable .
Despite Israeli proclamations about Hamas and terrorism , it is clear that the siege of Gaza is about controlling the population and making life as miserable as possible .
It is just such a state that can treat a population under its control with such brutality – in violation of a battery of international laws and human rights rulings – that is capable of killing international aid workers .
And then still scream defiantly that it was all in ‘ self - defence . ’
Israel 's impunity
As Western governments fall over each other with " regret for the loss of innocent life " , it is the " international community " that has enabled Israel to act with such impunity ( with the US and Canada at the forefront of providing cover for Israel , alongside the muted acquiescence of the Arab states ) .
Canada was the first state to cut aid from the democratically elected government of Hamas in 2006 , without any regard to the impact on ordinary Palestinians , and now has become the staunchest defender of Israel , whatever its actions , internationally .
Indeed , as the attack on the flotilla was taking place , Israel 's Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu was being welcomed with open arms at a meeting in Ottawa .
The premier of Ontario , Dalton McGuinty , has just returned from a trip to Israel where he travelled to forge stronger business ties .
Importantly , in the case of the Freedom Flotilla , the US and Canada have shamefully shielded Israel from an impartial international inquiry , arguing instead that Israel should investigate itself .
The perpetrator of the crime placed in charge of the investigation !
On the international level , Israel continues to build strong economic links with a range of states .
In late May 2010 , the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) made its decision to admit Israel .
In a press release on the OECD website , its general - secretary , Angel Gurria , states : “ This new chapter in the history of the Organisation confirms our global vocation as the group of countries that search for answers to the global challenges , and establish standards in many policy fields such as environment , trade , innovation or social issues . ”
At the time a spokesperson for the Palestinian BDS National Committee ( BNC ) commented , “ By accepting Israel , OECD member countries show a blatant complicity with Israeli war crimes , destroying the very foundations of international law .
Rewarding Israel entrenches its impunity and dashes any realistic hope for achieving a just peace in the region . ”
It should not come as a surprise that when Israel is rewarded for its brutal military actions by further integration into global power structures – with the consistent backing of Canada and the US – it continues along the same path .
Turkey and Greece , for example , had been planning military exercises with the Israeli army despite the war and now ongoing siege of Gaza ( only cancelling after the attack on the Freedom Flotilla ) .
This is not to mention the disgraceful relationship between the Arab regimes and Israel , with Egypt acting as partner in the Gaza siege .
These economic , military and diplomatic relations continue despite Israel 's record of human rights violations , Israel 's ongoing illegal settlement construction , the building of the illegal apartheid wall and the numerous United Nations resolutions that Israel flaunts .
It is this type of overt support and moral acquiescence that Israel relies upon .
It is what allows Israel to believe it can hijack a humanitarian convoy in international waters , kill aid workers and kidnap citizens from dozens of countries without facing recourse .
The sheer arrogance by which Israeli state spokespersons have been responding to questions about the flotilla attack is also part of ingrained strategy for management of the international media .
It has been consistent with every Israeli PR campaign employed in the wake of war crimes .
This propaganda campaign consists of two parts : first , legitimating every action Israel does as self - defence and as defensible in international law ; and , second , delegitimising the victims of Israeli actions by them as terrorists .
As such , Israel 's arguments have repetitive themes of blameless innocence .
The occupations of the West Bank and Gaza are legitimate and justified as simply a necessary " self - defence " against " terrorism " ; the brutal war against and the blockade of Gaza are legitimate acts of " self - defence " against " terrorists " and thus both are justified and legal ; and to assure Israel is not infringed upon by aid being given to " terrorists " , Israeli commandos had the right to attack a ship in international waters .
And if these civilians and human rights workers on the Gaza aid ships defended themselves against a military that was attacking them , they did not properly understand that they were aiding terrorism , and it is their own fault that they inadvertently fell victim to Israel ’s legitimate needs of " self - defence " .
One can only wryly observe : if Israeli commandos panic at plastic chairs and sticks , then Israel is wasting a lot of money on military training !
As for the Israeli charges that the aid activists have relations to al Qaeda and that the ships were carrying weapons , there has not been one shred of evidence provided .
The pictures of " weapons " found make a laughing stock of a military power that holds a nuclear arsenal and has access to all the latest weaponry that US aid can deliver – sticks and tools that can be found on any ship , toy marbles for children and other banal objects .
The Israeli media tactic is to pound out the words " al Qaeda " , " Hamas " , " Iran " and " Islamic terrorism " as often as possible .
The mere repetition of the words is to make all Israeli actions justifiable , and ensure that diplomatic support from Canada and the US remain forthcoming .
But fewer and fewer people are accepting these outlandish claims and the Israeli propaganda barrage .
Israeli society – historically steeped in absolute paranoia and racism , and veering in an increasingly authoritarian direction in its own internal politics – may be willing to believe these myths .
But to the rest of the world , the Israeli analysis and defence of its brutal actions are delusional at best , and transparent vulgar justifications of crimes at worst .
In light of the deadly attack on a flotilla of ships carrying basic aid and led by human rights activists , the Israeli media campaign is faltering .
The absurdity of claims of self - defence is too obvious .
The disconnect between the official Israeli state story and what everyone around the world saw from the live stream on the boats is too striking ( even when the Western media selectively repeats the use of Israeli footage , and ignores feeds from the non-Western media aboard the ships ) .
This does not stop the Israeli state from spinning the same stories and telling lies with a poker face .
They can count on the mainstream media outlets in Canada , the US and Britain to parrot the lies and assure Israeli spokespeople get ample airtime .
Turkey and the Arab states : Can they be tested ?
Turkey and most Arab states are reacting strongly to the attack .
The rhetoric from the AKP ( Adalet ve Kalkinma Partisi – Justice and Development Party ) government in Turkey has certainly been strong and the condemnation of both the attack on the flotilla and the siege of Gaza pronounced .
The question in the next days will be how strongly Turkey will stand behind its statements and follow it by action .
Turkish governments have a long history of making bold statements on Middle East issues , and following it up by quite the opposite in action .
The motion eventually passed by the Turkish parliament called for cutting economic ties although there was a debate on the issue and the ruling party initially opposed the inclusion of this demand .
The Turkish deputy prime minister , however , has said “ it is not in our tradition to cut off economic relations as a first step , we will turn to international law and take our case there ” .
As most Arabs know all too well , governments can sound as strongly pro-Palestine as possible , but continue with normal relations with Israel .
Or in the case of Egypt and Jordan openly do Israel ’s work for it .
The real push in Turkey must now be to the cutting of economic and military ties with Israel .
The Turkish state , however , with the backing of the AKP government , is deeply invested in neoliberalism , completely incorporated in NATO structures and continuing to forge strong economic relations with Israel .
It will be interesting to see how the AKP government will manoeuvre in the next few days around the issue of economic sanctions on Israel .
It is receiving pressure , on the one side , from its populist and Islamist base , and , on the other , from various secular and left forces , both increasingly sympathetic to the Palestinian struggle .
Activists within
Turkey are taking the opportunity to call for the severing of all ties to Israel , and to use the political sentiments created by the flotilla tragedy to ensure Turkey plays a constructive role , beyond the habit of the Turkish state of relapse into empty rhetoric , in breaking the siege on Gaza .
Egypt
As for Egypt , its complicity with Israel ( and the US administrations of both George W. Bush and Barack Obama ) in the Gaza siege is beyond mere embarrassment at this point for the bankrupt regime of President Hosni Mubarak .
The Egyptians had to open the Rafah crossing into Gaza , not out of the kindness of Mubarak or his sorrow over the dead in the Freedom Flotilla .
It was a result of domestic pressures in Egypt , and the boiling cauldron of opposition to the futility of the Egyptian state .
But this is only the beginning act of the drama to unfold .
The next act will tell us at what point , under what circumstance and with what justifications the Egyptian government will explain closing the Rafah gate again .
There is every reason in the world to expect the Egyptian state to do just so , given its dependence on the US for its political existence and its unwillingness to sacrifice its alliance with Israel under any circumstances .
It is important that the international solidarity movement to start mobilising for just such a turning point when a closure of the Rafah crossing is attempted , and ensure that Egypt faces worldwide protests .
This will also require support for activists in Egypt facing the brutal Mubarak regime .
Jordan
A similar story can be told of Jordan and its dependent relations on Israel and the United States .
King Abdullah , under the constant prodding of the US , has been deepening ties with Israel for quite some time .
Indeed , trade relations between Jordan and Israel have continued to grow even with deepening turmoil in the West Bank and Gaza .
Israeli fruits and vegetables flood Jordanian markets , and free - trade zones with Israeli companies continue to operate and expand in Jordan .
The Hashemite monarchy is attempting to offset the mass anger of the Jordanian population at the flotilla attack by recalling its ambassador .
In reality all that means is that the ambassador takes a one - hour road trip and sleeps in his house in Amman for a few nights , while business carries on as usual .
Jordan and Egypt may be the worst examples , but they are all too representative of the kinds of symbolic gestures that the repressive Arab regimes make toward Israel while in fact deepening ties , and allowing the siege of Gaza to continue .
The Arab League and individual states have all held their emergency meetings following the attack and , of course , condemned the attack on the flotilla in the strongest language , and called for debate on the issue before the UN .
Kuwait has withdrawn from the Arab " peace initiative " , but severing economic relations is delayed .
Qatar has made a gesture toward normalising its relationship with Israel by reopening the Israeli trade office in Qatar , but now only if Israel allows in the much needed construction material into Gaza .
( Netanyahu has , not surprisingly , simply refused the offer . )
Instead of rallying to cut all aid ties , or finding other means to help break the siege , the Arab leadership have become masters at negotiating their own concessions to US and Israeli overtures .
The Arab states make verbal gestures and sign paper proclamations , but sit and watch Palestinians fight it out themselves .
This abject obeisance of the Arab states to the existing power structures of the world order needs to be tested .
There are very strong and legitimate calls coming from Palestinians for the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) to suspend all talks – direct and indirect – with Israel .
So far this is being ignored .
The PA has called for three days of mourning in the West Bank – a necessary gesture of solidarity , but politically without significance as a response to the assault .
The PA , too , has learned from other Arab states to take symbolic acts to defuse popular anger without formulating new strategies of action toward forcing Israel to lift the siege .
Palestinians in Israel
A significant aspect of the developments from the Israeli attack on the Freedom Flotilla is the role played by Palestinian citizens of Israel including , most prominently , the role of Palestinian Knesset [ Israel 's parliament ] member Hanin Zoabi .
Zoabi was on the Mavi Marmara boat and upon returning explained to the global media willing to listen that the commandos started firing even before they landed on the ship .
When Hanin Zoabi entered the Knesset , the entire gathering erupted in protest ; she was not allowed to continue her speech and was threatened .
Miri Regev , an MK from the Likud party , told Zoabi : “ Go to Gaza , you traitor ...
We do n't need Trojan horses in the Knesset . ”
The Israeli media has also reported that the interior minister is looking into revoking Zoabi's Israeli citizenship .
The irony of this dispute in the Knesset is rich .
Any time the word " apartheid " is mentioned with respect to Israel , the pro-apartheid camp of Israeli defenders of the Occupation screams , " but you have Arab members of Knesset " ( most Israelis call them Arab because they refuse to recognise them as Palestinian , to sustain Zionist founding myths ) .
Zoabi's case has highlighted the contradictions of Israeli apartheid : claiming to be a democracy while treating Palestinian citizens of Israel as third - class citizens .
The role of Palestinians in Israel is a central component to the struggle against Israeli apartheid , and the courageous actions of Palestinian leaders such as Zoabi point toward the increasingly positive role they play in the liberation struggle .
Ending the siege :
The way forward with BDS
Palestinian civil society has been saying consistently for five years now that the only way to end Israeli war crimes is to implement a campaign of boycotts , divestment and sanctions ( BDS ) against Israel .
This campaign makes the case that Israel must be isolated and treated as a pariah state .
After the attack on the Gaza Freedom Flotilla , many more people and organisations are turning to BDS as an important measure to highlight the complicity of governments around the world with Israeli apartheid .
Already dock workers unions in Sweden have said they will not load ships to , or unload ship from , Israel or handle any Israeli produce between June 15 and June 24 .
Statements condemning the attack have been issued by numerous trade unions from around the world .
The real work now for the international Palestinian solidarity campaign is to make sure that matters do n't stop at angry rallies and letters of condemnation over the next weeks ( as other ships follow in the stream of the Gaza Freedom Flotilla ) .
Further concrete BDS actions will be needed to be taken by labour unions , student unions , faith and community groups .
It will not be governments that take the lead in ending the siege of Gaza .
The siege will only end by the organising and struggle of all of us – activists in the Palestinian liberation struggle , human rights workers , community organisers across numerous campaigns , ordinary workers in trade unions – in every space possible .
The edifice protecting Israeli apartheid is beginning to crumble .
The Gaza Freedom Flotilla has exposed further cracks and now we need to take the struggle forward , in ever more inventive ways with ever more determination .
[ Rafeef Ziadah is a founding member of the Coalition Against Israeli Apartheid ( CAIA ) in Toronto , Canada , and an organiser of Israeli Apartheid Week .
Her latest CD , Hadeel , can be heard and purchased at www.rafeefziadah.ca.
This article first appeared in The Bullet , the web magazine of Canada 's Socialist Project . ]
By Andrew Liszewski
While this hot shoe mountable laser scope may look like a ridiculous add - on suited for die - hard FPS fans , it probably does make it easier to track and photograph a moving subject when you ’re not looking through the limited frame of your SLR ’s viewfinder .
Powered by a single CR2032 watch battery the scope does n’t actually project a laser dot on your subject as if you were a sniper , but instead projects either a red or green reticle ( point , circle point , circle cross or cross ) onto the sight .
It is a bit overkill since a reticle printed onto the scope would more than suffice , but I guess the illumination does make it easier to use at night .
$ 39 from Brando .
[ Wildlife Photography with Tactical Four Reticle Sight ] VIA [ Gizmodo ]
By the time you read this my 30 - day free trial of TurboPrint will have expired .
What ’s that , you say ?
They charge for Linux software now ?
Actually , makers of free software have always been able to do that .
And without TurboPrint my aging Canon MP130 all - in - one would be nothing but a doorstop with a sheet feeder .
I need to make it clear that this is not a failure of the Linux OS , but rather a demonstration of the circle of shit that gives it such a bad rap .
It goes something like this : Someone decides to put Linux on their antiquated computer , and when the WiFi / video card / whatever does n’t work they blame Linux and never come back .
A different variation is at work here — my multifunction printer is five years old ( at least ) so , big surprise , Canon has never released Linux drivers for it .
I spent the better part of a day hunting down kludges before finally giving up and installing TurboPrint .
As you can see above it works as advertised , though there ’s no support for my MP130 ’s scanner and the bundled app for Linux Mint does n’t recognize it .
And I do n’t think TurboPrint is covered by the GPL , but I do n’t see how it could be — the only thing it could offer back to the community is the library of printer drivers that is its very raison d’être .
Still , I would consider paying for TurboPrint were it not so expensive — I can buy a replacement printer for its $ 40 USD sticker price , or double that and get a unit that can print over my network .
In my limited research it seems that HP has the best Linux support , though Brother and Canon are also making Linux drivers available , at least for their newer models .
I ’m also grateful that TurboPrint offers a fully functioning trial that gave my current printer a stay of execution while I was busy figuring out other things .
If your printer is more expensive and you ’ve no Linux support for it , TurboPrint might well be worth every penny .
So waddaya know ?
You can make money with Linux …
The Gulf hovers between life and death , 12 miles away from the original wound :
The large strands of sargassum seaweed atop the ocean are normally noisy with birds and thick with crustaceans , small fish and sea turtles .
But now this is a silent panorama , heavy with the smell of oil .
There are no birds .
The seaweed is soaked in rust - colored crude and chemical dispersant .
It is devoid of life except for the occasional juvenile sea turtle , speckled with oil and clinging to the only habitat it knows .
A few dead fish float in the water , though dolphin - fish , tuna , flying fish and the occasional shark can still be seen swimming near the surface , threading their way through the wavy , sometimes iridescent gobs of crude .
The folly of puncturing the surface of the earth in search of more oil has to stop .
We can't resurrect what has been killed .
We mourn .
We must organize .
Tuesday night , while we despaired over Obama 's speech , Marc Ambinder reported the White House strategy for energy and climate .
" Be aware : the White House has a strategy here for getting climate change legislation passed .
It 's called " getting to conference . "
That is , the Senate needs to pass a bill this year .
And then the House and Senate will ( in theory ) put in some sort of carbon pricing mechanism when the two chambers reconcile their bills .
It 's just much easier to get bills passed without forcing the Senate to try to pass a bill it does not have the votes to pass . "
The Washington Post notes a lame duck climate strategy : " several sources familiar with the administration 's thinking confirmed it has started pressing Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) to bring up a slimmed - down energy and climate bill next month .
Such a measure would pass more easily than a comprehensive climate bill , and could still be negotiated with the broader bill the House passed a year ago .
Under this scenario , the final product of any House - Senate conference could come up for a final vote in a lame - duck session after lawmakers have faced voters in November , thereby cushioning the vote 's political impact . "
Rumors have Reid cherry - picking parts of various energy bills currently floating around the Senate .
Some of those energy - only bills are bad .
Some are worse .
Senators Jeff Merkley ( D - OR ) and Bernie Sanders ( I - VT ) have bills that appear good .
Reid can pick bad parts of the bills , or he can listen to us and pick good parts .
The netroots can blog accusations of trolls , traitors , pony - wishers , sellouts , Obama - bots , Obama - haters , and whatever else comes to mind .
We can attack mainstream environmental groups who 've been working on energy and climate issues since there was an environmental movement for being part of a green veal pen .
We can debate the merits of comments by Keith Olbermann and Rachel Maddow .
Or we can put aside differences to organize around energy bills and against our common enemies .
Sea creatures flee death in oil :
Dolphins and sharks are showing up in surprisingly shallow water off Florida beaches , like forest animals fleeing a fire .
Mullets , crabs , rays and small fish congregate by the thousands off an Alabama pier .
Birds covered in oil are crawling deep into marshes , never to be seen again .
We wo n't succumb to waves of despair .
I hope .
We will organize .
I must hope .
Update : the Liveblog Mothership is your link to the best Oilpocalypse news .
Also , 1st photo is credited to Dave Martin of AP , second to Carolyn Cole of LA Times , links in comments .
He actually persuaded me not to settle because he believed that we had a great case .
So we took the case to trial and he fought like crazy for me .
And we won !
It was a really good experience — well , as much as it can be for a lawsuit — and I ’m very happy I went with them .
I ’ve been really blessed to have him as my attorney , so I recommend him whenever I can . ”
— Yelp.com review by Daniel M .
Baseball season is here at last again .
Ready for MLB.tv to black you out for any reason it wants .
I am here to show you not only by pass the MLB.tv blackout restrictions but also show you nice program that will enjoy your MLB viewing experience .
First off , A lot of what is in my last Fanpost " How to Circumvent MLB.tv 's Blackout Rules " still works well if you are using it in a browser .
What I am going to show you today is how to use a new program called
Boxee
In short , Boxee is a home theater social media center .
But , for many people , that does n't say much .
Boxee is a software program that you install on your computer that allows users to watch internet movies and TV shows , listen to online radio and music , play your local digital music and movies , and much , much more .
Boxee is diverse in its functionality , and continues to evolve as developers create new applications to explore the expanse of media on the world wide web .
1 . First thing first ,
You have to register for a Boxee account than Login into the account .
2 . Than you have to actually download it .
You have to make suire it is the Early Release version at least " Boxee Beta 0.9.21.1142
3 . Install the program like normal , than boot it up .
It should make you Log In the first time .
After that
4 . First go to this site to get a proxy
via i.imgur.com
via i.imgur.com
Look for proxies ending in port number 3128 with SSL , Y
You are going to the ip number and port number
ie 85.25.139.53:3128
85.25.139.53 is the IP and 3128 is the port
Just copy the IP and port number
5. Go Back into Boxee and Esc and select the Gear( Settings ) than Network
via i.imgur.com
via i.imgur.com
6 . Click the button Enable HTTP proxy
In the next line " HTTP Proxy Host " paste the IP and make the port is not included in it .
Just the IP .
Than in the next line " HTTP Proxy Port " type in the Port number .
Should be a four numbers .
I normally choose proxies with 3128
via i.imgur.com
7 . Once they are typed in esc out than go to Apps and load up MLB.tv.
Enter your MLB.tv Login info .
via i.imgur.com
via i.imgur.com
8 . A calender with a list of games should pop up .
Choose the game that you want to watch that is blacked out .
I would choose the normal feed for now .
The HD feed seems to be having some issues .
Something that probably will be solved in the next couple weeks with MLB.
tv
via i.imgur.com
via i.imgur.com
via i.imgur.com
via i.imgur.com
9 . Let the game load up .
It might take a few minutes so be patient .
via i.imgur.com
Pause it once the video loads up
via i.imgur.com
Than hit esc a few times to get back to this screen
via i.imgur.com
Now you might get some error pop up but just hit ok and ignore it
via i.imgur.com
Back into settings go back to network - than disable the HTTP proxy button
via i.imgur.com
10 . Esc out hit the yellow arrow at the top of the screen scrolling the game
It should turn green when you hover it .
Click and the game should work perfect from this point on till you exit out of MLB.tv app or Boxee
via i.imgur.com
via i.imgur.com
If you should run into problems just try exiting out from Boxee and starting over from the beginning or try a new proxy
P.S
The quickest way to check a proxy is working or not is run it through
Online Proxy Checker
and here is a list of proxies ending in 3128
189.75.89.195:3128
94.229.65.133:3128
87.98.142.153:3128
213.197.81.130:3128
85.122.26.75:3128
189.76.219.2:3128
121.97.80.28:3128
118.228.148.52:3128
222.124.178.98:3128
93.90.177.157:3128
88.86.198.196:3128
94.229.65.132:3128
61.219.126.54:3128
203.189.89.133:3128
118.98.212.146:3128
85.25.139.53:3128
219.93.178.162:3128
94.229.65.134:3128
92.118.181.151:3128
189.75.89.195:3128
94.229.65.133:3128
87.98.142.153:3128
213.197.81.130:3128
85.122.26.75:3128
189.76.219.2:3128
121.97.80.28:3128
118.228.148.52:3128
222.124.178.98:3128
93.90.177.157:3128
88.86.198.196:3128
94.229.65.132:3128
61.219.126.54:3128
203.189.89.133:3128
118.98.212.146:3128
85.25.139.53:3128
219.93.178.162:3128
94.229.65.134:3128
92.118.181.151:3128
The best subject matter experts
RedRock combines its strong inhouse delivery management capability with its access to some of the best subject matter experts in the marketplace .
This ensures that a customer ’s challenge is truly understood and that a best fit solution is delivered with a fast , safe and cost effective approach .
Enabling our customers sits at the centre of our approach , ensuring that our clients end up with full control of what we deliver for them .
RedRock can boast an impressive delivery track record as a result of its unrivalled levels of impartiality , levels of customer engagement , levels of ownership and teams of excellence .
BANGKOK — Bangkok awoke to the smell of smoke with embers still burning here Thursday , after the worst violence in nearly 20 years scorched this normally peaceful city , leaving the anti-government Red Shirt movement in disarray and its leaders behind bars .
But there was still discontent in the air : reports of rioting and burning began filtering in from the countryside .
The government of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejijiva extended a Bangkok 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. curfew to 23 provinces — about a third of the total — many in the north where the Red Shirts enjoy broad popularity .
How the Abhisit government deals with that discontent will begin the next chapter in a once unified country whose deep divisions been rich and poor , the enfranchised and disenfranchised have been laid bare in recent weeks .
At least six people died in Wednesday ’s clashes as heavily armed government soldiers swept into the Red Shirts ’ protest site in armoured personnel carriers and crushed their shelters , sending many supporters running for their lives .
Among the dead was an Italian journalist .
Among the severely wounded was Canadian freelance journalist and Thailand analyst Chandler Vandergrift , from Calgary , who was hit by shrapnel from a grenade and had to undergo emergency neurosurgery .
Vandergrift had been caught in the crossfire deep into the protest zone as soldiers were trying to root out a sniper from a high building overlooking the site .
Doctors said Wednesday night that his condition had stabilized following surgery , he had been moved into intensive care and his next 24 hours would be crucial .
As he underwent surgery , outside on the streets of Bangkok following the surrender of key Red Shirt leaders Jatuporn Prompan and Nattawut Saikua , some followers refused to heed their advice to stand down and instead went on a fiery rampage , setting alight 27 buildings , including offices of the city ’s main electrical grid , Bangkok ’s largest department store , a cinema and the Bangkok Stock Exchange .
As the curfew came into effect , soldiers were instructed to shoot any looters and arsonists who came into the sites of their high - powered rifles .
Meanwhile Prime Minister Abhisit took to national television overnight to urge calm .
“ I am confident and determined to end the problems and return the country to peace and order once again , ” Abhisit .
Many protesters were supporters of former Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra , a populist billionaire who was ousted by the military in 2006 coup .
From his unknown exile post abroad , Thaksin warned that the crackdown could spawn guerrilla warfare .
“ There is a theory saying a military crackdown can spread resentment and these resentful people will become guerrillas , ” he told Reuters .
Not all in the protest site support the former prime minister .
Many interviewed in recent weeks emphasized that the battle was about democracy and fairer treatment – especially for Thailand ’s rural poor .
But expressions of that resentment were already on fiery display Wednesday .
There were reports of arson in seven different provinces , including three town halls that had been set alight , a dark harbinger of broad discontent that could still flare .
Thai political analyst and historian Charnvit Kasetsiri told a television reporter Wednesday that the violence was the “ most widespread and most uncontrollable ” Thailand has ever seen .
A lot of anger was directed against the local media as well for what Red Shirt supporters felt was biased coverage of their grievances over more than two months of protests .
Of six television stations , five are controlled by the government , including two under the direct ownership of the Thai military .
Much air time was allotted to government claims of there being “ 500 terrorists ” who had infiltrated the Red Shirt movement , together with reports of a mysterious , heavily - armed “ black shirt ” faction on the loose in the anti-government ranks .
Shady videos with military voiceovers purporting to tell what the videos showed were repeatedly aired on government and army controlled television stations throughout the week .
A news blackout was imposed Wednesday and local TV ran only programs of dancing and flag - waving Thais , interrupting them for government statements .
By afternoon the English - language Bangkok Post came under siege as vandals set fire to vehicles in their parking lot , and the government ’s Channel 3 also came under attack with news anchors calling for troop and police patrols to come to the station .
Out on the battlefield , foreign journalists came under other kinds of attacks .
Canada ’s Vandergrift was one of three foreign writers injured in Wednesday ’s clashes .
A Dutch and an American journalists were less seriously hurt .
Chief government spokesperson Panitan Wattanayagorn declared the military operation a success by early Wednesday night .
The government ’s declaration of victory capped a day of wild gun exchanges and rocket fire at the protest site , as soldiers unleashed their military might to root out Red Shirt snipers holed up in high rises overlooking the site .
As the military used armoured personnel carriers and bulldozers to crush shelters inside the Red Shirts camp , its leaders called for calm and surrender .
“ We cannot resist against these savages anymore , ” Red Shirt leader Jatuporn Prompam said from a stage inside the protest zone .
The crowd booed , but Prompan pleaded : “ Please listen to me : Brothers and sisters , I will use the word ‘ beg . ’
I beg you .
We have to end this for now . ”
But rather than douse the defiance , some set off on a rampage .
It was clear that while the government of Prime Minister Abhisit succeeded in crushing the protest that sought to dissolve his government in favour of fresh elections , it had not crushed the desire for change .
Earlier in day — shortly after 8 a.m. —
Thai troops broke down barriers at the main Red Shirts protest site and hundreds moved out to secure the site as protesters ran for cover .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Clouds of thick black smoke had risen above central Bangkok by about 7:30 a.m. as protesters set alight massive piles of garbage and tires trying to obscure the attacking soldiers vision .
There were approximately 3,000 to 5,000 protesters at the site as the day began , including women and some children .
Under direction from their leaders , most dispersed .
The anti-government Red Shirts — formally called the United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship — had occupied three - square kilometres in the heart of Bangkok for weeks , paralyzing parts of the city .
When protests began March 14 , they had been peaceful .
But a botched attempt by the military to clear the site April 10 left 21 dead at the site .
With Wednesday ’s toll , more than 70 have now died and more 2,000 have been injured .
The ongoing bloodshed has delivered a body blow to tourism , a mainstay of the country ’s economy .
Thailand markets itself as , “ The Land of Smiles . ”
That might have been unalterably as a result of this week ’s events .
“ This is D - Day , ” one soldier told an Associated Press reporter near the site in a prelude to the violence .
Earlier in the day troops had assembled at least armoured protection vehicles near the Dusi Thani Hotel across from the Red Shirts ’ camp and from there breached the site ’s main barrier shortly after .
Two Red Shirt protesters were shot in an immediate gun battle .
Meanwhile , elsewhere , government troops used water cannons .
Protestors had continued their defiance all week , telling the Star in interviews at the site that they had no intention of backing down – even if government troops entered the camp to crush their movement with live ammunition .
By Wednesday morning some had hardened .
“ I have no plan to flee .
I am here to fight for better Thailand .
I do n’t mind dying for my country , ” 54 - year - old protester Saman Niyakul from Ubon Ratchathani province told a Reuters reporter as he prepared a homemade rocket .
“ There are too many double - standards and that ’s what I can not stand .
We have to fight that . ”
Protesters accuse the government of ruling in the interests of the country ’s moneyed and well - connected elites – especially those intertwined with the country ’s royalty .
Protesters have been demanding the dissolution of Parliament and fresh elections since protests began March 14 .
But the Abhisit government made clear Tuesday there would be no talks on a peace deal until the protesters left the site .
Wednesday morning soldiers began firing from crouching position on the tracks of an elevated light rail system that runs over the encampment .
Local media also reported that an advisor to Thailand ’s Prime Minister called on the Red Shirts protesters to surrender .
Its leaders complied .
But some of their followers resisted .
Since Thursday more than 40 have been killed and more than 300 have been wounded since a renegade general who supported the Red Shirts was shot in the head by a sniper – triggering a wave of violence .
The vast majority of the dead have been civilians , many picked off by government snipers – a fact that had been widely condemned by international human rights groups .
In Ottawa , Foreign Affairs is advising Canadians against all travel to Bangkok .
It mentions the “ significant violence , death , and injury ” from the large - scale disturbances .
“ A state of emergency remains in effect .
The security situation is very volatile with extreme risk for further civil unrest , violent clashes , and attacks , ” the department said in a statement .
“ Canadians currently in Bangkok should avoid all non-essential movement , exercise extreme caution , follow the advice of local authorities , closely monitor local media , and , if violence erupts , remain indoors . ”
Read more about :
While radiation has therapeutic uses , too much radiation is damaging to cells .
The most important acute side effect of radiation poisoning is damage to the bone marrow .
The bone marrow produces all the normal blood cells , and therefore a high dose of radiation can lead to low blood counts of red cells , platelets and white blood cells .
Humans that receive a lethal dose of radiation as in the setting of an accidental exposure die of bone marrow failure .
While there are a few drugs that will decrease toxicity when given before exposure to radiation ( " radioprotectants " ) ; currently , no effective therapy exists to mitigate bone marrow toxicity of radiation when given after radiation exposure ( " radiomitigants " ) .
The identification of successful human radiomitigants is a top research priority of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and National Institutes of Health .
In a study published June 23 in the Journal of Clinical Investigation , a team led by UNC Lineberger Associate Director for Translational Research , Norman Sharpless , MD , provides a first example of successful radiomitigation in mammals .
The investigators found that oral treatment of mice with a drug that inhibits enzymes involved in cell division caused certain groups of bone marrow cells to temporarily stop dividing ( which they termed ' pharmacological quiescence ' or PQ ) .
Several decades of work have shown that cells which are not dividing are resistant to agents that damage DNA , like radiation .
Workers in the Sharpless lab were then able to show that the induction of PQ immediately before or up to 20 hours after radiation exposure were able to protect mice from a lethal dose of radiation .
PQ protected all the normal cells of blood , including platelets , red cells and white cells .
" We believe this study is really exciting .
We have identified a simple , non -toxic pill that decreases radiation toxicity even when given after radiation exposure .
We believe this approach could be of use in humans who are accidentally or intentionally exposed to lethal doses of radiation , " said Sharpless , who is an associate professor of medicine and genetics at UNC's School of Medicine .
PQ relies on the use of potent and selective inhibitors of cellular enzymes called CDK4 and CDK6 .
Related drugs have been used extensively in humans with cancer , and CDK4/ 6 inhibitors are currently being tested in humans .
Importantly , these drugs can be given as a pill , are chemically stable and have little toxicity .
Therefore , such compounds could be stockpiled for use in the setting of an unexpected radiological disaster .
The group showed that structurally different versions CDK4/ 6 inhibitors provided protection from radiation , whereas other types of kinase inhibitors did not .
Sharpless believe PQ may have a role in treating patients with cancer .
Radiation is used in cancer therapy , and therefore PQ might benefit such patients .
Also , several commonly used chemotherapy drugs cause bone marrow toxicity by damaging DNA , and therefore PQ might protect from chemotherapy toxicity in addition to radiation toxicity .
A concern is that PQ might also protect a patient 's tumor from the toxicity of therapeutic DNA damaging agents , but the Sharpless group showed that at least some types of cancer were not protected by inhibitors of CDK4 / 6 .
Bone marrow protection is a major issue in medical oncology , with billions of dollars of growth factors used annually in the US alone for this problem .
In particular , PQ protects platelets and red cells , which are largely unmet needs in current clinical oncology .
UNC has filed patents related to these discoveries , which have been licensed to an RTP - startup company called G - Zero Therapeutics , which was co-founded in 2007 by Sharpless and researchers in Boston and San Franscisco .
This work was supported by the University of North Carolina Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center Mouse Phase I Unit and grants from the Golfers Against Cancer Foundation , the Ellison Medical Foundation , the Burroughs Wellcome Fund , and the National Institutes of .
J.F. Bell was supported by a career development award from the V Foundation for Cancer Research .
The iPhone is made of aluminosilicate glass .
Apple says it's " chemically strengthened to be 20 times stiffer and 30 times harder than plastic " and it's " ultradurable and more scratch resistant than ever . "
Still not enough to survive a 3.5 - foot drop .
Advertisement
That 's what the people at iFixyouri did : Test Apple 's claims by dropping the iPhone 4 from 3.5 feet , the distance you drop a phone when you 're standing up .
They say their iPhone — which they claim is real , but without any internal components — survived the first two shocks .
On the third one , however , the display was completely shattered after a loud pop .
That 's a sound I 'm personally familiar with :
My current iPhone 3 G 's display has broken two times in the same way .
Advertisement
It 's not surprising that the Cupertino company is releasing a protective case of their own called the " bumper " .
Because now , unlike older iPhones where there 's one side that has a display and one side that 's plastic or aluminum — where you do n't care if it gets messed up or cracked — now both sides are glass .
Which means both sides are susceptible to breaking .
My iPhone was dropped on its display face two times and broke two times .
I lost count on the times it dropped on its back .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This new material — 20 times stiffer and 30 times harder than plastic — still shatters when dropped .
But is it scratch - proof ?
More scratch - resistant ?
The test does n't say .
Having both sides be more scratch resistant — the backs of everyone 's phones is most likely much more scuffed than the front — is a good thing , if it really is .
But having the phone , as a whole , be more likely to break from drops is a bad thing .
Advertisement
And picture the scenario where you have to put your phone down on concrete .
Previously , you just it down back first , because you did n't care what the back looks like .
Now that the black is shiny and smooth and glass , what do you do ?
( Oh yes , Apple 's own bumper case . )
I agree with Steve that the all - glass - and - steel design is beautiful , but its beauty is pointless if I have to hide it in order to protect it from drops .
That 's not what Dieter Rams would want in a product : " Good design is aesthetic " he said , but " good design is durable " too .
There 's a key difference between hardness and brittleness , and although the new glass screen might be harder , it does n't mean it 's not that brittle and likely to shatter when dropped on .
( More on this from the comments . ) [ Ifixyouri ]
The radical Islamic Web site Revolutionmuslim.com is going after the creators of the TV cartoon series " South Park " after an episode last week included an image of the Prophet Mohammed in disguise .
Revolutionmuslim.com , based in New York , was the subject of a CNN investigation last year for its radical rhetoric supporting “ jihad ” against the West and praising al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden .
Its organizers insist they act within the law and seek to protect Islam .
On Sunday , Revolutionmuslim.com posted an entry that included a warning to South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone that they risk violent retribution – after the 200th episode last week included a satirical discussion about whether an image of the prophet could be shown .
In the end , he is portrayed disguised in a bear suit .
The posting on Revolutionmuslim.com says : “ We have to warn Matt and Trey that what they are doing is stupid and they will probably wind up like Theo Van Gogh for airing this show .
This is not a threat , but a warning of the reality of what will likely happen to them . ”
Theo van Gogh was a Dutch filmmaker who was murdered by an Islamic extremist in 2004 after making a short documentary on violence against women in some Islamic societies .
The posting on Revolutionmuslim.com features a graphic photograph of Van Gogh with his throat cut and a dagger in his chest .
The entry on Revolutionmuslim.com goes on to advise readers :
“ You can contact them [ the makers of South Park ] , or pay Comedy Central or their own company a visit at these addresses … ” before listing Comedy Central ’s New York address , and the Los Angeles , California , address of Parker and Sloane ’s production company .
Contacted by CNN , the author of the post , Abu Talhah al Amrikee , said that providing the addresses was not intended as a threat to the creators of South Park but to give people the opportunity to protest .
Over still photographs of Parker , Stone , van Gogh and others , the Web site runs audio of a sermon by the radical U.S. - born preacher Anwar al - Awlaki , who is now in hiding in Yemen .
The sermon , recorded some time ago , talks about assassinating those who have “ defamed ” the Prophet Mohammed – citing one religious authority as saying “ Harming Allah and his messenger is a reason to encourage Muslims to kill whoever does that . ”
U.S. officials say al - Awlaki is on a list of al Qaeda leaders targeted for capture or assassination .
The clip ends with a warning on a graphic directed at Parker and Stone , saying “ The Dust Will Never Settle Down . ”
Al Amrikee said the purpose of including the al - Awlaki sermon in his posting was to remind Muslims that insulting the prophet is a severe offense for which the punishment in Islam is death .
He said RevolutionMuslim may hold protests about the show .
Calls to Comedy Central were not returned .
OmegaWiki :
What they say about themselves :
The aim of our project is to create a dictionary of all words of all languages ,
including lexical , terminological and ontological information .
Our data is available
in a relational database , as a result it is possible to use the data for many purposes .
Our community data is available both under the GFDL and the CC - by license .
It is up to you to choose what license suits you best .
OmegaWiki :
Save it !
Just look at the the result of a lookup from OmegaWiki yourself .
Lookup performed for the word « Religion » as a Dutch word ( I know it is the same in English : - ) )
Here is the result :
Expression : Religion
Other languages : Bavarian
Language : German
▼ religion :
The expression of man 's belief in and reverence for a superhuman power recognized as the creator and governor of the universe .
▼ Definition
Language Text :
Breton Eztaoladur kred hag azeulerezh mab - den etrezek ur boud hollc ' halloudek anavezet da grouer ha reolenner an hollved .
Bulgarian Изразяване на човешката вяра в и благоговение пред свръхчовешка сила , призната за създател и управляваща вселената .
Castilian La expresión de la creencia y reverencia del hombre hacia un ser superior reconocido como el creador y regidor del universo .
Dutch Uitdrukking van iemands geloof in en ontzag voor een opperwezen erkend als schepper van en heerser over het heelal .
English
The expression of man 's belief in and reverence for a superhuman power recognized as the creator and governor of the universe .
French Expression de la croyance et de la révérence de l'homme vers un être supérieur reconnu comme le créateur et le régisseur de l'univers .
Polish zespół wierzeń dotyczących genezy , struktury i celu istnienia człowieka , ludzkości i świata , wiara w Boga , bóstwa i w nieśmiertelność duszy ; związane z nią zachowania oraz formy organizacyjne
Portuguese Expressão da crença do homem em reverência a um poder sobre - humano reconhecido como criador e governador do universo .
Slovenian Izraz človekovega prepričanja in spoštovanja neke nadčloveške moči stvaritelja in voditelja vesolja .
Yes !
That 's how it works .
You perform a lookup for one word , and the following happens :
- You get the complete definition of the word in language - 1 ;
- You then get the complete translation to language - 2 of the complete definition of the word from language - 1 .
- And then it goes on up to the number of languages for which the definition was provided ( by the OmegaWiki contributors ; please consider contributing in order to enrich the dictionary database )
See , it 's not just a bilingual dictionary .
Actually it 's a set of monolingual dictionaries where each definition from language - 1 is translated to language - 2 , language - 3 , language - 4 , up to the number of languages that are available in the dictionary .
Using the DfM - Creator , you can create a multilingual dictionary containing the 471 languages available in OmegaWiki !
LOS ANGELES -
The last stage of the Tour of California – wow !
It did n’t disappoint .
We had four laps of 20 miles each , with a 3.5 - to 4 - mile steep climb every lap , followed by some rolling , hard hills , and some crazy technical descents .
We came into the race knowing that for Levi to escape would be a difficult thing , as he would be well watched among the riders for the lead GC .
But with Jani and I only a little out of the lead , we thought that it would leave us some room to play .
The plan of the day was to have Levi attack the last time up the climb , trying to break it into a small , select group .
From there , Jani and I would try to attack to win the stage , or , with a little luck , maybe even the overall win .
We were hoping the Garmin boys would be coming out to play as well , since they still had a full team of eight , giving them a lot of guys to use .
On the first time up the climb , the Garmin boys hit it hard , using everyone on their team , with the exception of David Zabriskie , to completely destroy the field .
The pace up the climb was blazing fast , to say the least .
Riders were dropping out of the back of the field faster than you could count them !
They had the front group down to about 20 guys , and we were only 15 miles into the race , and Team RadioShack was getting exactly what we wanted .
Before the first lap ended , race leader Mick Rogers was down to only two support riders , plus himself to try to protect his lead .
The time trial stage winner , Tony Martin , rode like three riders , though .
He single - handedly did the entire next lap on his own , made it over the climb , and did the third lap with some help from Garmin and UHC .
They were chasing a strong break that was three minutes up the road , with some dangerous riders , including Popo and George Hincapie , who was only a little more than six minutes down on the general classification at the start of the day .
Garmin had started riding with Columbia to protect their team GC standing , which they were losing to “ The Shack ” with Popo three minutes up the road .
We hit the last climb , and all of the action that we had seen so far failed to compare to the action on the final lap .
Immediately on the climb , Jani hit it hard .
I was doing 500 watts on his wheel , and what was left of the field ( if you can call it that ) , was blowing up behind us .
After Jani did his turn on the front , Levi attacked , and went up the road with Mick Rogers on his wheel .
Just behind , Zabriskie used his teammate , Ryder Hesjedal , to keep Levi close until he eventually had to jump across as Ryder was starting to fade .
I followed Zabriskie ’s wheel up to Levi and Mick , and we were suddenly a foursome .
The speed was intense , and I was starting to feel the effects of the many days of racing up to that point .
But the plan of the day was coming together .
Ryder made it back to our little group , with just a few hundred meters to go to the top of the first part of the climb , just as we were also catching Popo .
Popo drove us down the small descent , and as the road went up again , I took the front and kept the pace going .
Just as we began to near the KOM at the summit of the climb , Zabriskie attacked us hard .
Everyone was able to follow with the exception of Popo , who lost contact and had his own battle with pain and suffering to pull himself back on once again .
Just a few seconds after Zabriskie eased up , Ryder threw in the attack that I had been waiting for .
I was straining hard to hold his wheel , not even realizing that we had left the others behind until Ryder pointed it out to me that he wanted the stage win and I could get the individual general classification win if we worked together .
At that moment , I looked back , realized the size of the gap that we already had gotten to the others , gave him the nod , which basically meant that we would be teammates to the finish of the race .
With that , we threw everything we had left into it .
We traded turns pulling until we hit the descent , with Ryder doing quite a bit harder pulls than me .
On the descent , he was taking all of the risks possible , until we caught the remnants of the break , which was made up of three riders , including George Hincapie .
We used every inch of road , from side to side , just barely keeping the bikes off the dirt and upright .
As we caught the three leaders , we were finally able to ease up a bit , and take the pulls at a more reasonable pace .
As we reached the bottom , everyone in the break started looking to me to do the work , knowing that I was racing for the overall win .
I was doing everything I could to keep the pace up and not lose time , as each of the riders now were playing tactics with their position and gauging how much energy they would spend .
Finally , we reached the last kilometer , where I drilled it to the last corner and into the finish .
Once again I was numb and crossed eyed , as Ryder blew past me to take the stage win , and I hung on for another fourth - place stage finish .
It did n’t quite get me the overall win , but it was enough to move me up to fourth overall in the general classification .
It was n’t quite what I was hoping for , but in bike racing , that ’s just the way it goes sometimes .
But it was an exciting dual between three of the best teams in the world , all the way from the start of the week in Nevada City to the finish today in Thousand Oaks .
And hats off to Mick Rogers for a well deserved win .
Now I ’m heading back up to Bend for a week with the kids , a little rest , and some more training before it ’s time to head to Europe for the Dauphine and then hopefully the Tour de France .
Hope you enjoyed the articles as much as I enjoyed writing them .
Until next time ...
- Chris Horner , who lives in Bend , is Oregon ’s top road racing cyclist .
This is a guest post from Timothy Ng .
Most of us find that being frugal for our wedding is tough .
You want to have the fairy tale , with lots of candles , the perfect venue , and a guest list of pretty much everyone you ever met in your entire life .
Of course , when you start adding up the cost to have that kind of wedding you quickly find out that it will cost as much as your first home .
Do not let that stop you from having your dream wedding .
Instead , look at ways to save money on big and little things .
You will quickly find that there are ways to cut costs without cutting a lot of corners for your special day .
How to Save Money On Your Wedding
The invitations : Invitations are a huge expense when it comes to both big and small weddings .
They are also usually the first thing you have to spend money on , so kick off your planning smart .
If you have a computer program that makes cards , you can easily make beautiful invitations on your computer instead of going to a card designer .
It will save piles of cash .
Also , instead of spending extra money for a mailed - in RSVP , ask your guests to e-mail it to you .
This saves you the cost of the extra stamp and the RSVP card .
Also , pare down your guest list from everyone you know to those people who you really want to share the day with .
Make it intimate .
The dress :
It is easy to spend thousands of dollars on a wedding dress , but you absolutely do not have to do that .
Look for sales and special deals or purchase a dress that is slightly damaged and have it repaired , just make sure you get a cost estimate before you buy the dress .
You might also consider renting a wedding dress , just make sure the company is reputable and that they will allow you to make small adjustments to the dress in the days prior to your wedding .
If you or someone you know is a seamstress you will save even more money by having your dress made .
On top of saving money , your dress will be one of a kind .
The venue : Most church weddings come with a small fee for its use .
If you do not want to have a church wedding , there are loads of other inexpensive and lovely options like the beach or a public park .
You may have to pay a small fee for the use of a pavilion or it might be completely free .
The flowers : Flowers are expensive so think outside the box on this one .
Instead of purchasing everything from a flower shop , consider going to a wholesaler and buying the flowers there .
Then you can spend less money to have them arranged or enlist the help of a creative friend to arrange them for you .
The cake : Like flowers , wedding cakes are another big expense .
Consider checking into your local culinary school to see if they have students willing to make your cake for the experience and a smaller fee .
Do n’t worry about getting an ugly cake as the work will be overseen by an instructor who will not let your day be ruined by lopsided towers of cake .
Another option is to look at cake alternatives , like cupcakes which are loads of fun and lots less money .
The reception : Like the wedding venue the reception will cost you a fee for its use .
However , you might be able to cut costs by having the wedding and reception in the same place .
If the place you choose allows you to bring in your own catering services you might be able to get the food for much less money than the venue charges .
You might consider having your family provide the food themselves , which saves loads of money and makes it all more personal anyway .
If you must have it catered , keep it simple .
Fillet is nice but chicken works just as well .
Or you can skip a full meal and do just appetizers , especially if the reception is not over the dinner hour .
Wedding favours and gifts : Wedding favours and gifts are the perfect opportunity to be creative .
Instead of just buying these things , make them yourselves .
Favours are easy and can be a lot of fun to make .
You can also make your attendant gifts or buy something inexpensive and personalise it with photos or a special note .
Have fun with this part of your wedding and your favours and gifts will be both memorable and budget friendly .
The honeymoon :
It can be tempting to spend a lot of money on a once - in - a - lifetime honeymoon , but unless you can really afford it , do not give in .
A honeymoon is about spending time alone together .
You have the rest of your lives to travel to exotic places and see the world .
Spend less money on this trip and simply enjoy those first days of marriage .
One of the other ways to save money on your wedding is to make the wedding itself a gift .
This is a new concept , but a reasonable one .
Instead of registering for typical wedding gifts like and dinnerware , register for your wedding expenses .
People can register to pay for a portion of the flowers or for the candles .
Whatever little costs you think are reasonable can be added to your registry .
You might be surprised how happy people are to make their gift actually being part of your wedding day by paying for something .
The key to a frugal wedding is deciding which things are important to you and where you want to spend the bulk of your money .
If having an expensive gown is your thing , then budget for it .
If you want fancy flowers then spend less on other wedding favours , it is that simple .
You do not have to sacrifice your wedding fantasies to save money , you just have to get creative .
Timothy
Ng is a regular writer and part of the team at Credit Card Finder , a 100 % free Australian credit card comparison and application service .
Learn about wedding finance tips and more practical ideas for credit card financing .
" That indicates the possibility that the water in Peru may have had unusually high levels of the naturally occurring poison . "
Dr Auwaerter said he did not rule out murder but thought it was unlikely .
He said : " It 's unlikely this was acute poisoning .
What I 'm finding is more consistent with chronic poisoning . "
The conference where he revealed his findings was attended by representatives from the Venezuelan Embassy .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Cochabamba , Bolivia
It was 11 am and Evo Morales had turned a football stadium into a giant classroom , marshaling an array of props : paper plates , plastic cups , disposable raincoats , handcrafted gourds , wooden plates and multicolored ponchos .
All came into play to make his main point : to fight climate change , " we need to recover the values of the indigenous people . "
Ad Policy
Yet wealthy countries have little interest in learning these lessons and are instead pushing through a plan that at its best would raise average global temperatures 2 degrees Celsius .
" That would mean the melting of the Andean and Himalayan glaciers , " Morales told the thousands gathered in the stadium , part of the World People ’s Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth .
What he did n’t have to say is that the Bolivian people , no matter how sustainably they choose to live , have no power to save their glaciers .
Bolivia ’s climate summit has had moments of joy , levity and absurdity .
Yet underneath it all , you can feel the emotion that provoked this gathering : rage against helplessness .
It ’s little wonder .
Bolivia is in the midst of a dramatic political transformation , one that has nationalized key industries and elevated the voices of indigenous peoples as never before .
But when it comes to Bolivia ’s most pressing , existential crisis –the fact that its glaciers are melting at an alarming rate , threatening the water supply in two major cities –Bolivians are powerless to do anything to change their fate on their own .
That ’s because the actions causing the melting are taking place not in Bolivia but on the highways and in the industrial zones of heavily industrialized countries .
In Copenhagen , leaders of endangered nations like Bolivia and Tuvalu argued passionately for the kind of deep emissions cuts that could avert catastrophe .
They were politely told that the political will in the North just was n’t there .
More than that , the United States made clear that it did n’t need small countries like Bolivia to be part of a climate solution .
It would negotiate a deal with other heavy emitters behind closed doors , and the rest of the world would be informed of the results and invited to sign on , which is precisely what happened with the Copenhagen Accord .
When Bolivia and Ecuador refused to rubber - stamp the accord , the US government cut their climate aid by $ 3 million and $ 2.5 million , respectively .
" It ’s not a free - rider process , " explained US climate negotiator Jonathan Pershing .
( Anyone wondering why activists from the global South reject the idea of " climate aid " and are instead demanding repayment of " climate debts " has their answer here . )
Pershing ’s message was chilling : if you are poor , you do n’t have the right to prioritize your own survival .
When Morales invited " social movements and Mother Earth ’s defenders … scientists , academics , lawyers and governments " to come to Cochabamba for a new kind of climate summit , it was a revolt against this experience of helplessness , an attempt to build a base of power behind the right to survive .
The Bolivian government got the ball rolling by proposing four big ideas : that nature should be granted rights that protect ecosystems from annihilation ( a " Universal Declaration of Mother Earth Rights " ) ; that those who violate those rights and other international environmental agreements should face legal consequences ( a " Climate Justice Tribunal " ) ; that poor countries should receive various forms of compensation for a crisis they are facing but had little role in creating ( " Climate Debt " ) ; and that there should be a mechanism for people around the world to express their views on these topics ( " World People ’s Referendum on Climate Change " ) .
The next stage was to invite global civil society to hash out the details .
Seventeen working groups were struck , and after weeks of online discussion , they met for a week in Cochabamba with the goal of presenting their final recommendations at the summit ’s end .
The process is fascinating but far from perfect ( for instance , as Jim Shultz of the Democracy Center pointed out , the working group on the referendum apparently spent more time arguing about adding a question on abolishing capitalism than on discussing how in the world you run a global referendum ) .
Yet Bolivia ’s enthusiastic commitment to participatory democracy may well prove the summit ’s most important contribution .
That ’s because , after the Copenhagen debacle , an exceedingly dangerous talking point went viral : the real culprit of the breakdown was democracy itself .
The UN process , giving equal votes to 192 countries , was simply too unwieldy –better to find the solutions in small groups .
Even trusted environmental voices like James Lovelock fell prey : " I have a feeling that climate change may be an issue as severe as a war , " he told the Guardian recently .
" It may be necessary to put democracy on hold for a while . "
But in reality , it is such small groupings –like the invitation - only club that rammed through the Copenhagen Accord –that have caused us to lose ground , weakening already inadequate existing agreements .
By contrast , the climate change policy brought to Copenhagen by Bolivia was drafted by social movements through a participatory process , and the end result was the most transformative and radical vision so far .
With the Cochabamba summit , Bolivia is trying to take what it has accomplished at the national level and globalize it , inviting the world to participate in drafting a joint climate agenda ahead of the next UN climate gathering , in Cancún .
In the words of Bolivia ’s ambassador to the UN , Pablo Solón , " The only thing that can save mankind from a tragedy is the exercise of global democracy . "
If he is right , the Bolivian process might save not just our warming planet but our failing democracies as well .
Not a bad deal at all .
Eight months after Motorola debuted its first Droid phone , the company has refreshed the device to include a bigger screen , a focus on high - definition video and Flash compatibility .
Motorola 's new Droid X phone is the successor to its original Droid smartphoneintroduced last October .
The $ 200 Droid X ( after a $ 100 rebate and with a two - year contract ) will run Google 's latest Android 2.2 Froyo operating system and will include Adobe Flash Player 10.1 .
DROID X customers will the 2.2 and Flash updates wirelessly over - the - air in the latter half of the summer .
" It is pretty spectacular , " John Stratton , chief marketing officer of Verizon told attendees at the device 's launch .
" When you have a screen and form factor like this – very thin and lightweight – it screams video . "
The new Droid X will have a 4.3 - inch touchscreen ( 854 x 480 pixels resolution ) – about the same size as the HTC EVO 4G and much bigger physically than the 3.5 - inch display on the iPhone 4 , which is 960 x 640 pixels .
The phone includes a Texas Instruments OMAP processor with 1 - GHz processing ability , 512 MB of RAM and 8 GB of internal memory that 's expandable to 40 GB using a storage card .
It also has a 8 - megapixel camera , a step up from the 5 - megapixel one in the earlier version .
The camera can capture 720 p video content and offers HD playback via HDMI .
What 's missing is the dual camera that 's now a part of the iPhone and HTC Evo .
The Droid X announcement comes a day before the public debut of the iPhone 4 , although Apple 's phone is already in the hands of some lucky customers as well as a few carefully chosen reviewers .
The Droid X will be the star in Motorola 's portfolio .
So far Motorola has launched a number of Android phones , including the Cliq on T - Mobile , Backflip on AT&T and Devour on Verizon .
But its first Droid phone remains a best - seller .
Meanwhile , Apple is charging ahead with its latest iPhone , which is gathering generally positive reviews ( though AT&T's network has been criticized ) .
Many Apple users have already started receiving their pre-ordered iPhone 4 .
Droid X is Motorola 's 11th Android smartphone .
The phone will start shipping July 15 and will be available exclusively on Verizon 's network .
See below for a larger image .
Top photo : Droid X
Stefan Armijo/Wired.com
See Also :
Photo : Verizon
Albert Edwards from Societe Generale says the Atlantic region is one accident away from outright deflation - that 9th Circle of Hell , " abandon all hope , ye who enter " .
Such an accident may be coming .
The ECRI leading indicator for the US economy has fallen at the most precipitous rate for half a century , dropping to a 45 - week low .
The latest reading is - 5.70 , the level it reached in late - 2007 just as Wall Street began to roll over and then crash .
Neither the Fed nor the US Treasury were then aware that the US economy was already in recession .
The official growth models were wildly wrong .
Or , enter your email address below to get GWBlogspot updates via email !
Since it ’s last release , bond has gained a number of features .
The most novel of these is the ability to generate gem-specific autocompletions from a gem ’s yard documentation .
This release also lets gems ship with their own irb autocompletions and introduces bond to emacs ’ inf -ruby mode .
Update : Yard functionality has been moved to bond - yard .
This feature generates autocompletions for a gem ’s methods from a gem ’s yard documentation .
The only arguments it currently autocompletes are hash keys for a hash argument that has been documented with @option .
Let ’s take a look :
$ gem install bond yard bond - yard $ irb >> require ' bond ' ; Bond. start => true #
Load autocompletions for yard methods >> Bond.load_yard_gems ' yard ' Bond : Building / loading yard 's . yardoc database ... => [ " yard " ] #
Let 's see what yard methods we can autocomplete >>
Bond.list_methods.grep / YARD / => [ " YARD ::CodeObjects :: Base #format " , " YARD ::CodeObjects :: ClassObject#constants " , " YARD ::CodeObjects :: ClassObject#meths " , " YARD :: CodeObjects ::NamespaceObject#constants " , " YARD ::CodeObjects ::NamespaceObject#included_meths " , " YARD ::CodeObjects ::NamespaceObject#meths " , " YARD : : Serializers : : FileSystemSerializer.new " , " YARD : : Templates : : Engine.render " , " YARD : : Templates : : Engine.set_default_options " ]
# Trying one of the above >>
YARD :: Templates :: Engine.render :[ TAB ] : format : template : type >>
YARD :: Templates :: Engine.render : f [ TAB ] >>
YARD :: Templates :: Engine.render : format= >:html , :te [ TAB ] >>
YARD :: Templates :: Engine.render : format= >: html , : template # ...
Are there any other gems besides yard that use yard documentation ?
Sure :
# gem install spidr >> Bond.load_yard_gems ' spidr ' Bond : Building / loading spidr's . yardoc database ... => [ " spidr " ] >> require ' spidr ' => true >>
Spidr :: Agent.new :h[ TAB ] :history :host : host_header :host_headers >>
Spidr :: Agent.new :hi [ TAB ] >>
Spidr :: Agent.new : history # ... # gem install haml >> Bond.load_yard_gems ' haml ' Bond : Building / loading haml 's . yardoc database ... => [ " haml " ] >> require ' haml / html ' => true >>
Haml :: HTML.new :[ TAB ] :erb : xhtml >>
Haml :: HTML.new :x [ TAB ] >>
Haml :: HTML.new : xhtml # ... # gem install rdf >> Bond.load_yard_gems ' rdf '
Bond : Building / loading rdf's . yardoc database ... => [ " rdf " ] >> require ' rdf ' => true >>
RDF::Repository.new :[ TAB ] : title :uri >>
RDF::Repository.new : t[ TAB ] >>
RDF::Repository.new : title # ...
For more gems that use yard documentation , see here .
If your gem does n’t use yard documentation , no worries .
You can still ship your gems with custom autocompletions .
Completion files are under lib / bond / completions / which is relative your gem ’s base directory .
For the format of a completion file , see here .
For an example of a gem that ships with autocompletions , let ’s use hirb :
# Install latest hirb $ gem install hirb $ irb >> require ' bond ' ; Bond.start => true >> Bond.load_gems ' hirb ' => [ " hirb " ] >> require ' hirb ' => true #
Autocomplete all options to hirb 's tables >> puts Hirb :: Helpers ::AutoTable.render [ 1,2,3 ] , :[ TAB ] : all_fields : filter_any : hide_empty : table_class :change_fields : filter_classes : max_fields :vertical : description : filters :max_width :escape_special_chars : header_filter : number : fields : headers : resize >> puts Hirb :: Helpers ::AutoTable.render [ 1,2,3 ] , :d[ TAB ] >> puts Hirb :: Helpers :: AutoTable.render [ 1,2,3 ] , : description # ... #
Let 's use hirb 's console methods >> extend Hirb :: Console => main # Autocomplete all options to hirb 's menus >> menu [ 1,2,3 ] , :[ TAB ] :action : command : helper_class : readline :action_object : default_field :multi_action : two_d :ask : directions : prompt >> menu [ 1,2,3 ] , : p[ TAB ] >> menu [ 1,2,3 ] , : prompt # ... #
If you want to have gem completions defined at start up , just pass : gems to Bond. start .
# Bond.start : gems=>%w{hirb}
Since this is the initial release of this feature , probably no other gems ship with bond ’s irb autocompletions .
So what can you do if you want to autocomplete your favorite gem ’s methods ?
Just make your own completion files under ~/.bond / completions / .
If you want to share your favorite gem ’s completions with others , fork the gem , copy your completion file (s ) to the gem ’s lib / bond / completions / directory and send the patch to the author .
Bond can be used within emacs ’ inf -ruby mode thanks to pd ’s inf - ruby - bond .
Since I do n’t use emacs , I wo n’t try to go into an example .
If any vim gurus are listening , a vim plugin to use bond within vim would be awesome :) .
Although the idea of creating autocompletion functionality from documentation is n’t new , bond is probably the first to do so among ruby gems .
This is n’t anything too special given that bond currently only autocompletes hash keys of hash arguments .
But with yard ’s excellent api , there is n’t anything stopping a future release from autocompleting any arguments to a method !
Although yard is n’t currently the commonly used documentation tool in the ruby world , this post shows the benefits it provides by letting gem authors easily associate meta - data per method .
Yard makes it possible to ask : what gem- specific functionality can someone build from gem ’s documentation ?
Bond ’s irb autocompletions is one such answer .
Perhaps in a future post another answer will be boson ’s ability to make a command from any documented method and its options .
Split - screen modes in videogames are often pejoratively labeled as the “ little brother ” feature .
I think the association was always there , but only recently has the term itself gained popularity .
With the advent of XBLA , PSN , etc. , console gamers are playing multiplayer titles the same way their PC counterparts have been for years : online .
Supporting both online and split - screen modes is not a trivial task , so the older brother — much to the younger one ’s assumed chagrin — ends up hogging the console .
If a split - screen feature is present , though , both can enjoy the game at the same time , hence the “ little brother ” moniker .
Of course developing multiplayer games for a single screen has been around for ages .
Shmups , puzzle games , rhythm titles , rail shooters , etc. , often only require a single screen to accommodate all the participants .
Other genres like scrolling beat - ’em- ups or fighting games tend to lock or stretch the playing field to attain similar results .
However , when a title requires a large physical separation between the players ( such as in a racing game ) , console titles have generally relied on a split - screen approach .
Split - screens ( especially with 3D games ) are computationally expensive , so their implementation tends to be quite basic : each player gets his own personal rectangle of real - estate .
In two - player games , this means dividing the screen into two portions with either a horizontal or a vertical line .
On older , squarish TVs neither the horizontal nor the vertical approach could really be that graceful , but the horizontal split became a de facto standard .
It made sense since much like human vision , games were more horizontally oriented .
It was the lesser of two evils .
With the rising popularity of co-op and the advent of widescreen HD TVs , though , I assumed this would change .
My HD TV ’s picture - in - picture option allows me to vertically split the screen between two visual streams , and it works quite well .
After all , 8:9 is a lot closer to 4:3 than 16:4.5 .
It ’s something developers have started to address — despite the fact that many current games are designed for a 16:9 aspect ratio — but split - screens still tend to be a bit of a mess .
To improve their implementation , I would suggest the following :
Provide an option for either a horizontal or a vertical split - screen mode .
Automatically selecting one might seem user - friendly , but it ’s also a very divisive issue .
Once split - screen is implemented , it should be relatively simple to support both modes , so why not let the player choose which one he prefers ?
There ’s no rule that says 100 % of the screen real - estate must be taken up by the players ’ viewports .
This can often produce a warped and cropped appearance , so why not try to maintain correct aspect ratio ( in either mode ) , and use the remaining space to display a minimap , the inventory , HUD components , etc . ?
The major issue with vertical split - screens seems to be the lack of peripheral vision .
It ’s a legitimate complaint , but one that also seems easy to address with a little bit of field - of - view tweaking .
FPS games in particular have been reducing the FOV for quite a while now , and widening it for split - screen modes should be very simple to do .
Thoughts ?
A large crowd turned up at Sydney airport to farewell Sydney 's most senior Islamic cleric , who was deported on Sunday night .
Sheikh Mansour Leghaei , a Shia cleric , was ordered to leave Australia after being declared a security risk .
Dr Leghaei boarded a flight to Iran on Sunday night and about 200 people from the Islamic Youth Centre at Earlwood turned up to support him .
He has lived in Australia for 16 years and says his deportation is unjustified .
Dr Leghaei says he has never been given an explanation as to why ASIO has deemed him a security risk .
" Whatever they think and whatever they may have is absolutely wrong , " he said .
" There 's an error somewhere .
We tried our very best to help them and correct that error .
" They did n't let us , simply because the act does not allow us to do so . "
Under Australian law , ASIO is under no obligation to tell Dr Leghaei why he is under suspicion .
Dr Leghaei 's supporters say he is a leader of inter - faith relations between Muslims and Christians .
The United Nations are said to have written to Australia 's Immigration Minister asking that Dr Leghaei not be deported , but the request was denied .
Dr Leghaei had planned to fly out with his wife and daughter but leave behind his three sons .
NEW DELHI , India —
In a two - story brick home in Srinagar 's old city , hundreds of relatives and neighbors waited throughout the night for the police to return the body of 17 - year - old Tufail Ahmed Mattoo , who was allegedly killed by a teargas shell fired at him by police during a protest last week .
When his body finally arrived on the morning of June 12 , the gloom erupted into anger .
Mattoo ’s mother , Rubina , fainted .
Scores of other women wailed and beat their chests , and the men raised slogans like “ We want freedom , ” and “ Prosecute the killers . ”
Mattoo 's father , Muhammad Ashraf , was sitting dazed on his lawn .
" There is no greater burden than to shoulder a son ’s coffin .
Who will now shoulder my coffin when I ’m dead ? ” he said .
“ India is the largest democracy in the world but what they ’re doing in Kashmir is not good , ” he said , referring to alleged human rights violations by the army and police .
Mattoo's death has further inflamed anti-India sentiment in the Kashmir valley , which was already reeling under violent protests due to revelations of the alleged murder of three innocent young men by Indian army officers at the end of April .
Now , by prompting a renewed embrace of hard - line separatist politicians , the fresh evidence of the state 's human rights violations might not just derail Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's efforts to win hearts and minds in Kashmir but also stymie his efforts to resuscitate the peace process with Pakistan .
“ It makes people more angry and more extremist , ” said Noor Ahmad Baba , a professor of sociology at Kashmir University .
“ Moderate voices will become weaker and weaker and die if this situation continues , and there 's no evidence that it 's going to change . ”
Beginning with Mattoo 's funeral June 12 , when thousands joined the procession in defiance of police orders , raising chants of “ God is great ” and “ Blood for blood , ” demonstrators and stone - throwers thronged the streets this week .
And , in what could be a scene from the height of separatist Kashmiri militancy in the 1990s , the police responded with the same tactics that caused Mattoo 's death in the first place , firing into the air and shooting teargas shells into the crowd .
Mattoo 's death was ostensibly an accident , though Srinagar 's boy “ stone pelters ” say that police often fire teargas canisters at them , rather than into the air .
But Indian - administered Kashmir 's occupation by as many as 500,000 troops — a greater number of soldiers than were present in Iraq during the height of the conflict — has had its premeditated victims , too .
In a bitter twist of fate , Mattoo was killed June 11 while protesting the alleged murder of three boys much like himself by officers of the Indian army .
Earlier this month , the army removed a colonel from his command and suspended a major serving under him for their involvement in the alleged killing of Mohamad Shafi , Shehzad Ahmed Khan and Riyaz Ahmed , who police say were murdered under the guise of a staged gun battle with separatist militants .
But local residents and outside observers alike remain convinced that the subsequent investigation — which will be handled internally by the Indian military — will be geared to protect , rather than prosecute , the alleged offenders .
This summer 's rage marks the end of what might have been .
Last year India removed as many as 35,000 soldiers from Kashmir in recognition of the most peaceful year in the valley since a militant separatist movement began in 1989 .
This was despite its relations with Islamabad being as tense as ever after evidence linked the terrorists responsible for the November 26 , 2008 attacks on Mumbai to Pakistan 's Inter - service Intelligence ( ISI ) .
The prime minister had promised a zero - tolerance policy for human rights violations , and talks had begun in apparent earnestness about revising or repealing the hated Armed Forces Special Powers Act ( AFSPA ) , which grants the military sweeping license to make arbitrary arrests , search private homes , and shoot to kill — and blocks civilian inquiries into its activities .
But before the ink was dry on the press releases announcing the troop reductions , in April the home ministry issued new statements warning of an uptick in infiltration from across the border .
In the first three months of 2010 , according to official data , India 's security forces foiled more than 60 incursion attempts from Pakistan - based militants and engaged in 35 gunfights with separatist fighters .
These days , angry Kashmiris are wondering how many of those battles might have been staged , and some people are questioning the sincerity of the supposedly zero - tolerance prime minister after he seemed to justify the occasional killing of innocent civilians in a recent speech .
“ There are a handful of people who do n't want any political process for empowering people to succeed , ” Singh said in a speech at Sher -e - Kashmir University June 7 .
“ This is the reason that attempts to disturb the lives of people in the valley continue from across the Line of Control .
Our security agencies are forced to act in the wake of such incidents .
Sometimes , innocent civilians have to suffer . ”
Human rights watchdogs argue that under AFSPA , that kind of innocent suffering has become routine .
Earlier this year , an independent fact - finding team of academics and judges who traveled to Kashmir to interview witnesses concluded that AFSPA “ has undoubtedly facilitated grave human rights abuses ” including gang rape and murder .
The Association of Parents of Disappeared Persons ( APDP ) has collected testimony suggesting that as many as 8,000 people have disappeared from Kashmir since 1989 , while another Srinagar - based human rights group , International People ’s Tribunal on Human Rights and Justice for Kashmir ( IPTJ ) , claimed in December to have discovered as many as 2,700 unmarked graves in the state over a three - year investigation into unexplained disappearances .
Lt. Col. J.S. Brar , Indian army spokesman , insisted that if the latest allegations are founded , justice will be fair and swift .
“ We have prosecuted and taken military action against over 100 people , ” he said , referring to past cases .
“ We 've cashiered people from service and given terms of seven years rigorous imprisonment .
Our policy is total zero tolerance of human rights violations .
The public perception is wrong because we do n't publicize those actions .
Our actions are taken within months , whereas the legal system takes years . ”
But few share his faith in the army 's internal investigations .
" If the army is serious about punishing those responsible for this latest incident , it will transfer the suspects to the police for trial in a civilian court , " a spokesperson for Human Rights Watch said in a statement .
" Given the army 's poor record in holding its soldiers accountable , there is no reason to believe that a military court can be trusted to deliver justice . "
Making matters worse for Singh 's hearts and minds campaign are suggestions that the most recent of the alleged murders were inadvertently encouraged by military policy .
Shortly after the criminal investigation into the case was opened , for instance , Saifuddin Soz , the president of the Jammu & Kashmir division of Singh 's own Indian National Congress party , called for a review of a procedure in which he said army officers are granted citations and cash rewards for killing militants .
" I have requested the defense minister to revisit the policy of cash awards , ” Soz said .
“ Motivation for crime flows from the greed . ”
A local news report claimed that the army pays bounties of $ 5,000 to $ 20,000 for the killing or capture of top militants , sharing the reward among soldiers and informers .
“ There is no truth to that , ” Lieutenant Colonel Brar said .
“ There is no policy of giving cash rewards or promotions or gallantry awards for killing people . ”
About 60 kilometers from Srinagar , in the hometown of the three young men who were allegedly lured to the border by informers and killed by military personnel — Mohamad Shafi , Shehzad Ahmed Khan and Riyaz Ahmed — that 's a tough sell .
Shortly after the incident , 20 - year - old Jabeena Khan sat in silence , holding her 5 - year - old son on her lap in her living room , as a group of her relatives and neighbors tried to explain to her the events leading to the exhumation of the body of her husband , Shehzad Ahmad Khan , from a graveyard near the so - called Line of Control between Indian - and Pakistan - administered Kashmir , some 100 kilometers away .
At the end of April , the Indian army ’s 4 Rajput unit claimed to have killed three terrorists trying to sneak across the border from Pakistan .
But when residents of their hometown saw the pictures of the supposed infiltrators in the newspaper , they recognized the men as their missing friends and relatives .
Sure enough , when the authorities exhumed the bodies at the insistence of their families , the corpses were identified as three missing innocents who had nothing to do with militancy .
Their only crime was that they were tempted to travel to the Line of Control by the offer of jobs as porters with the army .
Seated close to Khan 's grieving widow , Fayaz Ahmed Wani , the last man to see Khan before he went away with the army informers , was still stunned .
“ I never thought it would be our last meeting , ” he said .
Khan ’s uncle , a policeman himself , was devastated , but not surprised .
Sitting hunched with head on his knees , he murmured , “ I know these stories .
This place has become cursed , [ a land ] where men are sold and then killed for rewards . ”
With reporting by Parvaiz Bukhari in Srinagar
Hello and welcome to Troll in the Corner !
Here you‟ll find a collection of the best 11ish articles we‟ve featured over the past year plus on our site .
New to Troll in the Corner ?
Here‟s what we‟re all about !
Our aim is to provide a fun , vibrant community for folks like us .
Who are we you might ask ?
We 're gamers .
We love RPGs , board games , video games , CCGs , dice games ; games where you juggle live hedgehogs .
You name it , we love it .
We ‟re figuring you do as well or you wouldn‟t be here .
We ‟re comic book readers .
Give us a cover where someone is wearing a cape or a nice example of Onomatopoeia and we‟re in heaven .
Who needs sunlight when there are stacks to read , sort and box up ?
We ‟re SF / F fans .
Elves and of course Trolls rock .
Give them a beam weapon and the ability to hack SSL certs on a distributed network of proto - AIs and we 're talking good times .
Please , make yourself at home , loosen up and be who you really are while you spend time in this community .
We ‟re all a little different and we ask that you accept these differences rather than harp on them so that we can all feel free to indulge in our love of gaming .
In this volume you will find :
To a few players , but really to everyone
An interview with the Creators of Twilight : 2013
An interview with the Creators of Twilight : 2013 - Part 2
Jen Page is a chaotic - neutral gamer , actress , geek and our latest interview subject
Building Cities
Zombies in Fantasyland or Creating a fantasy world that experienced a zombie apocalypse 100 years ago
Tunnels and Trolls : Creator Interview
When Randomness Intrudes
10 Things D&D taught me about relationships
An unexpected online gaming aid
My pathway to gaming - a look at one girl‟s evolution of RP
Playing a story in a believable world
Bursting with 40 pages of interesting tips , interviews and gaming coverage , we know you 'll enjoy some of the most popular articles from Troll in the Corner !
Like what you 're seeing here ?
Please check out our other titles !
Interested in seeing more Aruneus products ?
Like to become involved ?
Check out our project page !
An interesting , albeit brief , strand of discussion emerged a couple weeks ago during “ The Art of the Critic , ” a panel at the Los Angeles Times Festival of Books .
About the subject of negative book reviews , the panel was divided .
Lev Grossman and Laura Miller both said — and I ’m paraphrasing from memory here — that they essentially do n’t do such reviews anymore .
The other panel participants , critic and professor Elif Batuman , Bookforum editor Albert Mobilio , and LA Times books editor David Ulin , all said that negative reviews have a place .
The important distinction raised at the time was that the two dissenters , Grossman and Miller , both self - assign the books they review , meaning that they rarely review books that they have n’t scanned ahead of time .
Grossman pointed out that he is the books desk at Time magazine — no one else writes or edits books coverage there — so he feels a sort of obligation to champion good literature and chooses his review subjects accordingly .
Miller expressed similar sentiments : while not a lone wolf at Salon.com , she does self - assign and if a book does n’t grab her within its first 100 pages , she usually drops it .
Ulin and Mobilio both , it was pointed out , edit large sections or , in the latter ’s case , an entire publication .
Their roles are then curatorial ; a collection of uniformly laudatory reviews would appear thoughtless , without nuance or firm aesthetic standards , even if the pieces varied in their individual enthusiasms .
In the context of this short exchange , I ’ve been thinking about negative reviews .
What purpose should they serve ?
How they can they be done artfully , without seeming like a malicious hatchet job ( something Ulin , for one , said he does n’t support ) ?
At the panel , Mobilio argued that you do n’t get points for showing up , nor should an avant - garde poet or a small - press book receive greater sympathies than the next from Stephen King or Philip Roth — writers who , by way of massive sales or critical acclaim , are secure both financially and in the literary firmament .
Rather , there ’s an agreement in place between writers and critics : by putting a work forth into the marketplace ( of ideas ) , you are acknowledging that it may be debated , cut apart , written about , or otherwise dissected in ways that are beyond the author ’s control and may make him or her uncomfortable .
And while a reviewer should approach a book with a hopeful , open mind , and with Updike ’s widely accepted rules of reviewing at heart , a bad novel should also be treated with a kind of respect :
Why does it fail ?
Where does it fall short ?
What parts of this book , or the author ’s larger oeuvre , are redeeming ?
The New Yorker recently published a clutch of Saul Bellow ’s letters , mostly addressed to other writers , and in these missives , one can find some thoughts relevant to this discussion .
Bellow could be quite hard on himself : several of the letters essentially are thank - yous to harsh but perspicacious critics .
In one , written to Alfred Kazin in 1944 about Dangling Man , Bellow begs for Kazin ’s thoughts , telling the eminent critic that part of the novel is “ a hash , a mishmash for which I deserve to be mercilessly handled . ”
In a 1953 letter responding to Bernard Malamud ’s criticisms of The Adventures of Augie March , Bellow writes that he “ must plead guilty to several of your charges . ”
There ’s a kind of masochism here but also an acceptance of that aforementioned bargain , a knowledge that the writer is powerless once he puts his work out into the world .
In that context , consider the following Bellow lines drawn from several of the New Yorker letters :
[ A writer ] has to be prepared to face inspection at his nakedest .
I suppose I shall have to take my pannings mercifully .
Self - defense is not what we ought to be thinking of .
I ca n’t allow myself to forget that I took a position in writing this book .
I must now pay the price .
You let the errors come .
Let them remain in the book like our sins remaining in our lives .
I hope some of them may be remitted .
I ’ll do what I can ; the rest is in God ’s hands .
In one letter , Bellow offers words that could be a salve against a critic ’s rebuke .
In 1948 , he wrote to David Bazelon , “ I had a very arduous and painful apprenticeship and am still undergoing it . ”
Obviously this notion of being a “ journeyman , ” as Bellow called it , has a certain half - life — could he still resort to that idea at age 50 or after five or ten books ?— but in the early going , it offered “ a refuge from the peril of final accomplishment , ” a sense that he was still developing his craft .
Bellow did sometimes stand up for his work and the lot of the novelist .
In that Kazin letter , Bellow wrote that literary criticism is “ a great advantage and a safer game ” than fiction writing .
I would add that the “ safer game , ” the high - ground occupied by the critic , means that he or she must try especially hard to be incisive and exact in a negative review .
Faint praise , indifference , or an undifferentiated mass of negative epithets would be far worse .
The former , in particular , would risk creating the kind of “ chorus of weak cheers ” that Rebecca West lamented in her 1914 essay , “ The Duty of Harsh Criticism . ”
In that piece , West protested the “ mild kindliness that neither heats to enthusiasm nor reverses to anger . ”
( She also rails against a certain class of English aristocrat who has lazed into the title of writer , mostly by writing shopworn platitudes , rehashed histories , and editing the letters of some famous forebear .
Today ’s equivalent may be those who by dint of nepotism or birthright are given slots as columnists or contributing editors at major publications . )
So there is , then , a certain amount of naming names required — a willingness to cast light on the detritus in the cultural footpaths , even if it risks causing offense .
Few contemporary critics are , I think , better at this task than Walter Kirn , whose methodical deconstruction of Ian McEwan ’s Solar embodies
West ’s call for critics to “ rebuke these hastinesses of great writers , ” to take up “ the duty of listening to our geniuses in a disrespectful manner . ”
In other words : do n’t let the great ones stay too comfortable .
Unsurprisingly , Kirn ’s review repulsed some readers , but I think that he presented a lucid , considered argument , pivoting on the notion that McEwan ’s new novel is “ impeccable yet numbing , achieving the sort of superbly wrought inertia of a Romanesque cathedral . ”
Contrast Kirn ’s piece with Michiko Kakutani ’s dismissal , yesterday , of Martin Amis ’s The Pregnant Widow .
In her first sentence , Kakutani calls the novel “ remarkably tedious , ” lumping it in with Jane Smiley ’s “ tiresome 2007 novel ” Ten Days in the Hills , which uses a similar plot device .
And that ’s about the extent of Kakutani ’s review .
The rest is habitual plot summary and summary judgments of other Amis novels ( Dead Babies , The Rachel Papers , House of Meetings : good ; Yellow Dog : “ abysmal ” ) , before concluding with a paragraph almost interchangeable with the review ’s first .
Kakutani may have followed the spirit of West ’s century - old call to arms — certainly the NYT ’s longtime house critic is not afraid to offer harsh opinions — but she has n’t summoned an argument , nor has she shown anything like the useful metaphors , reasoned logic , or array of glittering phrasings found in Kirn ’s piece ( though I do like “ heavy garlands of pontification ” ) .
Instead , she has done what she nearly always does within the first few paragraphs of her reviews : given us a clear thumbs up or thumbs down in the form of an adjectival construction — in this case , “ remarkably tedious . ”
Somewhere , in a snowbound graduate housing complex , a group of comp .
lit. students has devised a drinking game based on how quickly Michiko Kakutani resorts to these verdicts , and after this one - sentence deliberation , they ’re all very , very drunk .
Just over a year after he started shooting a Stormtrooper picture every day , photographer Stefan Le Du completed his bizarre journey .
His project , Stormtroopers 365 , was a play on the popular picture - a- day projects that usually involve photographers taking a self - portrait or other autobiographical picture each day for one year .
Instead of photographing his visage or his activities , Le Du created hilarious scenes with plastic Stormtrooper toys and documented their various adventures .
In the first part of the year - long project , Stefan caught his Stormtroopers in some embarrassing situations , like getting stuck repeatedly and sending harassing emails to Luke Skywalker .
In the second half of the year , the soldiers showed a slightly softer side .
From attending Darth Vader ’s baby care class to reenacting the famous “ king of the world ” scene from Titanic , the Imperial Stormtroopers really seemed to make the most of their time off .
That ’s not to say that it was all fun and no work , though .
The Stormtoopers continued to look for the elusive C3PO , and eventually found him along with R2 - D2 on eBay for the low current bid of $ 30.75 .
The troopers also devoted part of their time to making the universe a better place by researching alternative energy solutions for the Death Star .
But Stormtroopers will be Stormtroopers , and they continued to do what they do best : trying to stomp out the Rebels .
( See the entire 365 - day series on Stefan Le Du’s Flickr page . )
Who were they ?
( Identifying subjects in 8 famous paintings )
Art is a big part of world culture .
People are spending tens of millions of dollars on paintings by famous artists .
I knew many of the paintings by sight , and some of the figures depicted in the works are a huge part of pop culture .
So who were some of these people ?
I decided to do a little research and see if I could come up with the answers for some of the most famous painting with semi-mysterious subjects .
The last two I could n’t find proof of a specific person , so I took the most likely and logical theory .
Enjoy …
American Gothic
By Grant Wood
American Gothic is a famous painting that was created in 1930 .
Wood entered the painting in in a competition at the Art Institute of Chicago , winning the bronze medal .
Since it came out at the onset of the Great Depression , it was viewed by many as a symbol of the steadfast American spirit .
Many saw it as a struggling farmer and his wife who refuse to give up .
The woman is actually Wood ’s sister .
The man , his dentist .
A Bar at the Folies - Bergere
By Édouard Manet
While not one of Manet ’s more famous paintings , this work is still certainly recognizable .
It pictures a woman barmaid at it ’s namesake , A Bar at the Folies - Bergere .
It is a café - concerts in Paris , which is like a beer hall with music and circus acts .
The painting is most known for the look in the woman ’s face .
She looks like a disgruntled employee .
I like it because it also depicts my favorite beer : Bass Ale .
As far as the woman , her name is Suzon , and she was actually a barmaid that worked at the bar .
L’Arlésienne , L’Arlésienne
By Vincent Van Gogh
This painting made news a few years ago when it sold for over $ 40 million .
The woman in the painting is Madame Ginoux .
She was the wife of Joseph - Michel Ginoux , who owned a cafe that Van Gogh frequented .
This painting was done about the same time that the painter cut off his own ear .
The Son of Man
By Rene Magritte
This is a painting done in 1964 by Belgian artist René Magritte .
He said about the painting “ Everything we see hides another thing , we always want to see what is hidden by what we see .
There is an interest in that which is hidden and which the visible does not show us .
This interest can take the form of a quite intense feeling , a sort of conflict , one might say , between the visible that is hidden and the visible that is present . ”
So there you go .
When asked about the man in the portrait , Magitte said it was a “ portrait of the artist . ”
So the man in Magritte ’s painting in Magritte himself .
Weeping Woman
By Pablo Picasso
The Weeping Woman is considered a continuation of his famous Guernica painting .
It was meant to show the effects of suffering following the Spanish Civil War , both in Spain and the world over .
The woman being depicted in the painting is Dora Maar .
She was Picasso ’s mistress for several years and his personal photographer .
Woman with a Hat
By Henri Matisse
This painting by Matisse was initially panned by critics .
One went so far as to say “ A pot of paint has been flung in the face of the public ” .
That all changed when this painting was bought by Gertrude Stein , who was known as a major player in the art movement .
The woman in the hat is none other than Matisse ’s wife , Amelie .
Girl with a Pearl Earring
By Johannes Vermeer
This is probably the most famous work by this Dutch painter , and the second most famous portrait next to the Mona Lisa .
( Although it is not considered a “ tronie ” , not a portrait . )
While no one knows for sure , the girl in the painting is widely considered to be Vermeer ’s oldest daughter Maria .
This is mostly because the girl very much resembles a known portrait of Maria when she was 13 .
Mona Lisa
By Leonardo da Vinci
Arguably the most famous painting in the world , the identity of the subject is a topic under much debate .
Some have said that it was painted in the likeness of da Vinci ’s mother .
Others have speculated that da Vinci used himself as the base for the figure .
While no one knows for sure , the most likely explanation is that the woman is Lisa del Giocondo , who was the wife of a wealthy Florentine merchant and for whom the painting was commissioned .
Add to : Facebook | Digg | Del.icio.us | Stumbleupon | Reddit | Blinklist | Twitter | Technorati | Yahoo Buzz | Newsvine
2010 U18 WJC : Finland prevails over Russia 5 - 4 ( Photo © fhr.ru )
In the third match of the 2010 U18 WJC Team Russia lost to Finland 4 - 5 .
Markus Granlund opened the score after less than two minutes in the first period , but Emil Galimov made it an 1 - 1 game just before the first horn .
In the second period Finland got a quick two goals lead thanks to two goals by Teemu Pullkinen .
After Finland ’s third goal , head coach Mikhail Vasiliev swapped goalie Sergei Kostenko for Andrei Vasilevski .
In the third period Russia tried hard to get back on track and it paid off when captain Evgeny Kuznetsov cut down the opponents ’ lead spoiling a mistake by a defenseman midway through the latest stanza .
Two minutes later center Vladislav Namestnikov scored the game tying goal .
But it did n’t last long as Makinen scored another goal that allowed the Finns to go ahead .
Later on Vasiliev called the goalie on the bench , but Finland scored the 5 - 3 on the empty net with Asten .
Russia added another goal at the 59th minute with Sergei Barbashev , but it was too late and the game thus ended 5 - 4 .
Team Russia ’s next match will be played on Sunday against Slovakia .
It seems like a million moons ago that Red Hat announced the demise of Red Hat Linux in favor of Red Hat Enterprise Linux and embraced the Fedora project as the testing ground for its commercial releases .
Last week marked the 13th Fedora release in nearly seven years , so the new paradigm must be working well , even though the Linux landscape is vastly different now .
At its inception , Fedora was basically a really good idea :
It brought a wealth of well - written and well - tested third - party software to a stodgy , yet stable Red Hat - based distribution .
It proved such a success that it became one of the major desktop Linux distributions .
[ Keep up on current open source news and insights with InfoWorld 's open source newsletter .
| Read Paul Venezia 's
Thin Client Computing Deep Dive and find out which server - based computing solution is right for you . ]
I used Fedora as my main workstation operating system from Core 1 through Fedora 7 , but switched to CentOS around that time due to the need for extreme stability .
I still run CentOS on my big box but decided to take a look at the new Fedora to catch up on what I 've been missing .
After all , as Fedora goes , so goes Red Hat Enterprise Linux and , somewhere down the line , CentOS .
The installer has been modified and is somewhat friendlier , and the default installation types are a bit odd -- Desktop and Web server .
But then again , like Ubuntu , Fedora is n't really meant to be a server OS .
The installation was quick and painless , and the subsequent reboot was extremely fast and clean -- from POST screen to login screen within 10 seconds .
Not shabby at all .
As far as the operating system itself goes , lots of time has been spent on sanding down rough edges rather than adding core functionality , which shows that the project has reached a certain level of maturity .
As with most Linux distributions , the core of the OS is solid , but the desktop / GUI tools have been a letdown when they do n't work correctly .
It seems the Fedora group has been concentrating on cleaning up those elements to improve the overall experience .
There are no significant layout differences in the Gnome 2.30 - based default installation , though behind the scenes there have been plenty of fixes and additions , such as enhanced DisplayPort support in Nvidia and ATI graphics cards .
You 'll also notice improvements at the UI level , such as better Webcam support , integration of the GNOME Color Manager , and BlueTooth DUN ( dial - up networking ) support in the Network Manager applet .
But underneath the GUI , Red Hat has made other changes : ext4 is the default filesystem , NFSv4 is the default NFS protocol version , and NFS v4 is now supported over IPv6 .
In addition , Red Hat has enhanced the KVM virtualization framework and updated core components like the RPM ( Red Hat Package Manager ) subsystem .
One very compelling addition to Fedora is the boot .
fedoraproject.org thin installation framework .
This takes a page from boot .
kernel.org and is essentially a long - distance PXE install option using gPXE that requires only a tiny image file to be booted on a system ; the install commences from remote package sources .
The image file will contact remote servers for version information , so you wo n't need to update the image file even as newer Fedora releases become available -- they 'll appear in the available install list .
The hope is to eliminate the need for DVD ISO image downloads to reduce bandwidth costs and speed up the installation time for new users .
All in all , Fedora 13 is a clean and fast Linux desktop distribution .
You can certainly use it for server tasks , but there 's little benefit in going that route versus CentOS or another server - centric OS .
Fedora has always been cutting edge , taking advantage of the newest versions of an enormous number of installed packages ( over 1,500 in the default install ) .
In contrast , Red Hat Enterprise Linux is more staid , with a significantly longer release cycle , and thus more stable .
I do n't know that I 'll be cutting over from CentOS just yet , since my main workstation is as stable as the Andes , but Fedora 13 makes a compelling case for a workstation rebuild .
This story , " First look : Fedora 13 from Red Hat , " was originally published at InfoWorld.com .
Read more of Paul Venezia 's The Deep End blog at InfoWorld.com .
Did I just fail to notice before or was it really a new thing ?
Have you tried visiting the home page of Google on your MacBook ’s Safari ?
Coz I just noticed that there is a little if not small advertisement found on the homepage that promotes Chrome , Google ’s very own web browser .
At first I assumed that this is just a tech war between Google and Apple , but when I opened Google in Firefox , same ad appeared .
In Internet Explorer , however , the ad is not visible .
I assumed again that this luring ad has already been done in Windows .
I came to know that since December , there has only been a single certified version of Google Chrome for Mac utilities .
The reason for hanging in line by Google is that they maybe waiting for any reported flaws or defects .
Should Google prefer to make that small message in bold , they could have placed it in a more strategic location and not just in the top right corner only .
Chrome is advertised by Google as a better and faster alternative in finding one ’s way through the Web .
This would probably confuse some Mac users as the Safari is still described and touted by Apple as the fastest web browser in the world .
Today , this version is only comparable with an outdated Firefox and still no Chrome as reference .
Browser speed tests showed that Chrome is superior over Safari and Opera no wonder Google really has the rights to be proud , although credits may still be given to Safari as the test was performed using Windows Internet Explorer .
In a few formal speed tests for browsing speed , some details have yet to be disclosed .
If Chrome for OS X is claimed by Google to be superior in speed compared to the Firefox and Safari , the details must be revealed especially when the downloading feature is not dedicated and focused on a fancy new video .
I think I would really want to see Chrome ’s performance on Mac .
The competition may be tough and the luring may even be tougher for Google .
Apparently users of Safari browser ( default browser in Mac ) have not at all reported of any incident of dissatisfaction .
If figures may help and if you may want to know , 11 % of the users of Mac and 18 % of Windows browse the web via Chrome .
UN agency wants to discuss Israel ’s position at its June meeting .
Israel has not signed the Non-Proliferation Treaty because it would be forced to open its nuclear sites to outside inspectors .
Israeli expert says that such a position is wrong , that Israel should be transparent .
US archives declassify a Kissinger memo to Nixon that gives the green light to Israel ’s nuclear programme .
Tel Aviv ( AsiaNews ) – Israel is again in the sights of the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog for its secret nuclear arsenal .
Israel has never signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) and now the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) wants its position discussed at a meeting in June .
For months , Western nations have targeted Iran .
According to Tehran , its nuclear programme has a peaceful purpose but the West sees it as hiding a push to build a nuclear bomb .
Yet Israel is the only country in the Middle East thought to have atomic weapons .
Western sources believe the Jewish State has a nuclear arsenal at its Dimona plant ( pictured ) in the Negev desert , and may have done for 40 years , but its size remains a mystery .
Nuclear expert Avner Cohen says Israel is in all likelihood the Middle East 's sole , if undeclared , nuclear power .
“ The current estimate , in part based on US intelligence , is that Israel probably has a modest arsenal of 80 to 100 weapons , but it 's all speculation , ” he said .
Professor Cohen believes Israel has a unique right to have the nuclear bomb to prevent a second holocaust .
However , he is opposed to Israel ’s policy of secrecy , especially as it relates to an eventual peace deal for the whole Middle East .
“ I think that if you want to deal with Iran you need to have this norm of acknowledgement and of transparency , ” he said .
In the meantime , Arab nations have renewed a push for a Middle East free of nuclear weapons .
They say they want Israel to sign the NPT , something Iran has done but Israel has not because to do so would force it to open its nuclear plant for inspection .
In fact , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did not participate in the recent Washington conference on nuclear proliferation sponsored by US President Barack Obama because of possible questions raised by Egypt and Turkey concerning Israel ’s nuclear programme .
Israel is opposed to signing the NPT because it would have to open its sites to outside experts .
For Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak , his country 's position is correct .
“ There 's no reason to change it and on this issue we are operating in coordination , I say with the necessary precautions , with close coordination with the United States , " Barack said .
In recent days , the United States declassified a memorandum from former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger to President Richard Nixon giving the green light to Israel ’s nuclear programme .
Indeed , “ while we might ideally like to halt actual Israeli possession , ” the memo said , “ what we really want at a minimum may be just to keep Israeli possession from becoming an established international fact .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - The Episcopal diocese of Los Angeles ordained an openly lesbian bishop on Saturday , a move likely to stoke further tensions between liberals and conservatives in the deeply divided global Anglican Communion .
Mary Douglas Glasspool is now a suffragan , or assistant , bishop in a liberal diocese on America ’s famously tolerant West Coast , and she offered to meet with her critics as a “ reconciling person ” .
Some 3,000 people attended the ceremony , said diocese spokesman Bob Williams .
“ The event was joyful and well attended , ” he said .
Two people , a man and a young boy , disrupted the beginning of the service , urging people to repent and calling homosexuality a sin , but otherwise it went as planned .
The event is news for the 77 million Anglicans around the world and the seriously split Anglican Communion , the group of Anglican national churches in which the Episcopal Church is the U.S. member .
The Communion was rocked by the Episcopal Church ’s consecration of its first openly gay bishop , Gene Robinson , in 2003 .
It urged the U.S. Church not to appoint another homosexual bishop because of the stiff opposition to change from conservative Anglicans , mostly in Africa .
Some conservative Episcopalians have since left to form their own church , the Anglican Church in North America , in protest against liberal reforms in the Episcopal Church and the Anglican Church of Canada .
The conservative African churches will protest strongly and redouble their efforts to defend traditional policies against homosexual clergy .
Traditionalists in the Church of England who oppose plans to permit women bishops there will probably see it as another reason to leave for the Roman Catholic Church .
In an interview with Reuters Television , Glasspool said she was ready to meet with critics .
“ I am a reconciling person and I will seek to reach out and engage with people who believe or think differently than I do , and to try to build a relationship with them , ” she said .
The ceremony also consecrated a second bishop suffragan , Diane Jardine Bruce .
The Glasspool drama is unfolding against the backdrop of America ’s wider debate over sexual orientation issues , such as gay marriage , child adoption by same - sex parents and the status of homosexuals in the military .
Polls consistently show gays and lesbians enjoying growing acceptance in American society .
But fast - growing faiths in the United States , such as many evangelical Protestant churches and the Mormon church , regard homosexual relations as sinful and proscribed by scripture , and voters have opposed gay marriage , including in California .
The Anglican Communion is the third - largest Christian denomination in the world , after the Roman Catholic Church and the Orthodox churches .
Governor Culver has signed legislation to regulate how corporations can contribute to candidates in races for the state legislature and other statewide offices .
A recent U.S. Supreme Court decision lifted the nationwide ban on corporate campaign contributions which had earlier been banned .
Governor Culver says he disagrees with the decision .
“ I believe that the influence of corporate money in politics is too great , ” Culver says .
“ That said , it is the law of the land in this country . ”
The court ruling allows corporations to run ads on the radio , T.V. and in newspapers on behalf of a candidate .
The bill the governor signed into law requires public disclosure of corporate contributions to individual candidates , so when you hear an ad for a candidate , you may hear an announcer say the ad was brought to you by a company or corporation .
The governor says the new requirements will help Iowans find out who is trying to influence elections .
“ It ’s not the sexist issue in the process , perhaps , but arguably it ’s the most important , ” Culver says .
The bill ’s sponsors say Iowa is one of the first states in the country to regulate corporate giving in the wake of the supreme court ruling and this new state law could draw a court challenge .
Under the new requirements in Iowa , candidates will be required to list their corporate donors just as they have been disclosing the names of individuals who make campaign contributions and the amount of the donation .
For two - year - old Taiten Staib , checking the mail is the best time of day .
Every afternoon when he hears the postman 's bike charging up the street , Taiten and his four - year - old brother Zayne light up with excitement .
They run as fast as their little feet will carry them to see what delightful surprises are waiting to be snatched from inside the letterbox .
It might be a birthday card from grandma , the latest toy catalogue , or even bills for mum - but as long as the postman has something to deliver , the Staib brothers are happy .
" He hears the postman come and runs out the front door straight away to get the mail , " the boys ' mother Natasha said of Taiten .
" He 's been doing this ever since he could walk - him and his brother actually fight over who gets to collect the mail .
" They love running out and seeing the postman - to them he is sort of like a policeman or an ambulance man - and being in a small town , if they are out there early enough , the postman hands the mail right to them . "
The Staib family live in Chinchilla , north - west of Brisbane .
But it seems the excitement people like Taiten and Zayne feel as they discover what mysteries lie nestled under the lid of their letterbox each day is at risk of dying out .
In fact the letterbox itself may very well be at death 's door .
Letterboxes are becoming more and more redundant as electronic mail forces a decline in the number of letters which need to be delivered by hand .
Australia
Post recently flagged the idea of community mail hubs , and says the letters market is forecast to decline a further 4.3 per cent over the next three years .
Australia Post 's Queensland communications manager Simone Kurtz says the concept of community mail hubs has been successful in Europe and Canada .
" The idea is to use them in new housing estates - to build a sense of community within those new estates whereby there is a central point , " she said .
" You 'd have local shops where there would be a hub of mailboxes where people could collect their letters and parcels from those hubs with a personal pin .
" Further down the track there would be the option to be notified by SMS for mail to be picked up . "
While Australia
Post says there are no immediate plans to go ahead with the mail hubs , Ms Kurtz says the decline in mail volume coincides with an increase in the number of properties around Australia .
" We 're having an increase in the number of properties or delivery points and then a decrease in the number of letters coming through the system , " she said .
" The electronic age has played a part in that , so as we progress in the future we obviously need to identify the best methods of delivery that suit various communities . "
Naked without a letterbox
But those within the letterbox industry say there is nothing to fear .
Mark Valentine has been selling letterboxes for 20 years and says without a mailbox , a house is naked .
" When you think about it , it 's the dominant place that a person advertises their street number , so once you take away the mailbox you take away a certain aspect of the house that is an integral part of it , " he said .
" The mailbox is the entry statement to the house , when people look for an address they look for the mail box because they expect the house number to be on there . "
Mr Valentine says these days , people are enthusiastic about choosing the right letterbox for their home .
" Once upon a time there were probably only about two or four different styles of letterboxes in the market ... now there are probably over a hundred different models of mail boxes available , " he said .
" The very first style of mailboxes that became popular was called the pillar mailbox ; that was the start of the new trend in fashionable mailboxes .
" That was followed by the small milk can mailbox , which was adopted from what they were doing in rural areas - using old milk cans to make mailboxes - and it just started to grow from there . "
He says there has been a definite shift in how people view their letterbox .
" The average mailbox in our shop takes about half an hour to sell , people do n't come in and just impulsively pick out a mailbox and walk out , " he said .
" If a man comes in to buy a mailbox he 'll say , eight times out of 10 , ' Look , I 'm going to send the wife in ' .
" So there has been a shift into aesthetics , getting the right mailbox that 's going to match my house . "
Michael Ingram knows this shift all too well .
Four years ago he built his very own custom letterbox to match his new home - now he has a full - time job doing the same thing for others .
" I built a home , went out to purchase a letterbox and there was nothing around , so then I decided to build one , " he said .
" I would get people knocking on my door asking where I bought it and then I just started making it part - time and then it became a full - time job . "
Mr Ingram describes the letterbox as the " gateway to your home " .
" People think ' gee , that 's a nice letterbox ' and then they want to walk inside your home ... a letterbox just finishes the house off , it presents it , " he said .
I do n't have a favorite " rule of thumb " because that 's a very offensive term and not many people know where it came from .
The term " rule of thumb " comes from a 17th century king in England who deemed it illegal to beat your wife with a stick wider than your thumb .
Anyone who uses that term out of ignorance should be put in their place and women all across the world should be offended when it is so casually used .
Image caption Mustafa Abu al - Yazid was allegedly the main conduit to Osama bin Laden
Al - Qaeda 's number three leader and Afghan operations chief , Mustafa Abu al - Yazid , has been killed , reports say .
Mr Yazid , also known as Sheikh Said al - Masri , died along with his wife and three children , Islamist websites said , quoting a statement from al - Qaeda .
US officials say they believe he was killed recently in the tribal areas of Pakistan in an American drone attack .
Previous reports of his death have been wrong , but this is the first time al - Qaeda has acknowledged such claims .
The White House said it welcomed the news , adding that Mr Yazid 's death was " unquestionably a severe blow " to al - Qaeda .
Spokesman Robert Gibbs said Mr Yazid was one of the biggest targets to be killed or captured in recent years .
American officials often refer to the Egyptian - born militant as the main conduit to leader Osama Bin Laden .
As al - Qaeda 's operational commander in Afghanistan , he is believed to have had a hand in everything from finances to operational planning .
' Severe curse '
A US official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said there was " strong reason " to believe that Mr Yazid was killed in Pakistan 's tribal areas in the past two weeks .
US monitoring groups said a message from al - Qaeda posted on Islamist forums on 31 May said the militant 's wife , three of his daughters , his granddaughter , and other men , women , and children , were killed .
PROFILE : MUSTAFA ABU AL - YAZID
Alleged founder member of al - Qaeda
Al - Qaeda 's " Number Three " and the organisation 's leader in Afghanistan
Jailed for three years for alleged links to the assassination of Egyptian President Anwar Sadat in 1981
Linked to the 9/11 attacks of 2001 Death ' a setback ' for al - Qaeda
The message translated by the SITE group , which monitors Islamist websites , did not give any details about the circumstances of his reported death , other than to speak of his " martyrdom " .
" His death will only be a severe curse by his life upon the infidels .
The response is near .
That is sufficient , " said the message translated by SITE .
Mr Yazid is thought to have climbed to the number three position in al - Qaeda in 2007 , when his predecessor , Abu Ubaida al - Masri , died of hepatitis in Pakistan .
He is reported to have managed the finances for the 11 September 2001 attacks in New York and Washington .
In a rare interview with Pakistan 's Geo TV in 2008 , he said al - Qaeda was " properly involved " in those attacks , as well as the 1998 attacks on US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania .
He also denounced the Pakistani government for fighting Islamic militants , justified suicide attacks , and predicted victory for Taliban and al - Qaeda forces in Afghanistan .
He is believed to have been jailed in Egypt in 1982 in connection with the assassination of Egypt 's then - President Anwar Sadat .
Mr Yazid 's last public statement was released on 4 May , eulogising the two top al - Qaeda leaders in Iraq - Abu Omar al - Baghdadi and Abu Ayub al - Masri - who were killed in April .
I spent the weekend at the American Humanist Society conference in San Jose , CA ( woo ! )
The big annual award the AHA gives out is the Humanist of the Year — this year , the honoree was Bill Nye , the Science Guy .
Here ’s my unofficial video of his talk ( in three parts ) !
( If the AHA puts out a better version , I ’ll replace the ones below . )
Gotta love the Episcopalian joke at the end of Part 1 🙂
And I found the man himself afterwards !
It . Was .
Awesome .
Could Ruby be Apple ’s Language and API Future ?
By Peter Cooper
There has been a shift in development landscape over at Apple .
John Siracusa of Ars Technica recently published an article about Apple ’s language and API future .
I believe Apple is preparing to transition to Ruby as their next default language .
Parveen Kaler
Parveen pulls together some interesting threads about MacRuby , LLVM , and XCode to argue that Apple might be looking at Ruby as a future first - class language for their platforms .
I 'm going to put myself on the line with a hunch here and say , yes , MacRuby is going to become a first - class language at Apple .
Seriously .
Apple 's investment in MacRuby is an interesting one for a company not known for frivolity in its crazy - scale R&D operations and there 's something brewing there .
Either that , or they 'll disband the whole thing .
Parveen 's post is being discussed over on Hacker News where danudey makes a good point for why Apple would not make MacRuby a first class language :
I can't really see Apple doing this , if for no other reason than Objective - C is something they can control , and Ruby is n't .
If the core Ruby developers decide they want to add more features , change the language 's underpinnings , etc .
Apple 's left to play catch - up .
If Apple wants to add features , then they basically have to fork the language and hope their changes get merged in .
Apple 's shown ( and been shown ) how much of a benefit it is to control your own destiny ; even with Ruby being open - source , it 's still an outside influence they have to work with or against .
Objective - C , for all intents and purposes , is their language , one they can take in any direction they want .
danudey
Seems like reasonable thinking but I say " watch this space . "
There ’s been a lot of worry and speculation over what will happen if a hurricane and the gulf oil spill collide .
In response , the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) has prepared a document answering some of the questions .
There ’s of course , a lot of uncertainty too .
What will happen to a hurricane that runs through this oil slick ?
• Most hurricanes span an enormous area of the ocean ( 200 - 300 miles ) — far wider than the current size of the spill .
• If the slick remains small in comparison to a typical hurricane ’s general environment and size , the anticipated impact on the hurricane would be minimal .
• The oil is not expected to appreciably affect either the intensity or the track of a fully developed tropical storm or hurricane .
• The oil slick would have little effect on the storm surge or near - shore wave heights .
What will the hurricane do to the oil slick in the Gulf ?
• The high winds and seas will mix and “ weather ” the oil which can help accelerate the biodegradation process .
• The high winds may distribute oil over a wider area , but it is difficult to model exactly where the oil may be transported .
• Movement of oil would depend greatly on the track of the hurricane .
• Storms ’ surges may carry oil into the coastline and inland as far as the surge reaches .
Debris resulting from the hurricane may be contaminated by oil from the Deepwater Horizon incident , but also from other oil releases that may occur during the storm .
• A hurricane ’s winds rotate counter - clockwise .
Thus , in VERY GENERAL TERMS :
A hurricane passing to the west of the oil slick could drive oil to the coast .
A hurricane passing to the east of the slick could drive the oil away from the coast .
However , the details of the evolution of the storm , the track , the wind speed , the size , the forward motion and the intensity are all unknowns at this point and may alter this general statement .
Will the oil slick help or hurt a storm from developing in the Gulf ?
• Evaporation from the sea surface fuels tropical storms and hurricanes .
Over relatively calm water ( such as for a developing tropical depression or disturbance ) , in theory , an oil slick could suppress evaporation if the layer is thick enough , by not allowing contact of the water to the air .
• With less evaporation one might assume there would be less moisture available to fuel the hurricane and thus reduce its strength .
• However , except for immediately near the source , the slick is very patchy .
At moderate wind speeds , such as those found in approaching tropical storms and hurricanes , a thin layer of oil such as is the case with the current slick ( except in very limited areas near the well ) would likely break into pools on the surface or mix as drops in the upper layers of the ocean .
( The heaviest surface slicks , however , could re-coalesce at the surface after\ the storm passes . )
• This would allow much of the water to remain in touch with the overlying air and greatly reduce any effect the oil may have on evaporation .
• Therefore , the oil slick is not likely to have a significant impact on the hurricane .
Will the hurricane pull up the oil that is below the surface of the Gulf ?
• All of the sampling to date shows that except near the leaking well , the subsurface dispersed oil is in parts per million levels or less .
The hurricane will mix the waters of the Gulf and disperse the oil even further .
Have we had experience in the past with hurricanes and oil spills ?
• Yes , but our experience has been primarily with oil spills that occurred because of the storm , not from an existing oil slick and an ongoing release of oil from the seafloor .
• The experience from hurricanes Katrina and Rita ( 2005 ) was that oil released during the storms became very widely dispersed .
• Dozens of significant spills and hundreds of smaller spills occurred from offshore facilities , shoreside facilities , vessel sinkings , etc .
Will there be oil in the rain related to a hurricane ?
• No. Hurricanes draw water vapor from a large area , much larger than the area covered by oil , and rain is produced in clouds circulating the hurricane .
Learn more about NOAA ’s response to the BP oil spill at http://response.restoration.noaa.gov/
deepwaterhorizon .
Document available in PDF form here .
Will the oil slick help or hurt a storm from developing in the Gulf ?
• Evaporation from the sea surface fuels tropical storms and hurricanes .
Over relatively calm water ( such as for a developing tropical depression or disturbance ) , in theory , an oil slick could suppress evaporation if the layer is thick enough , by not allowing contact of the water to the air .
•
With less evaporation one might assume there would be less moisture available to fuel the hurricane and thus reduce its strength .
•
However , except for immediately near the source , the slick is very patchy .
At moderate wind speeds , such as those found in approaching tropical storms and hurricanes , a thin layer of oil such as is the case with the current slick ( except in very limited areas near the well ) would likely break into pools on the surface or mix as drops in the upper layers of the ocean .
( The heaviest surface slicks , however , could re-coalesce at the surface after the storm passes . ) •
This would allow much of the water to remain in touch with the overlying air and greatly reduce any effect the oil may have on evaporation .
•
Therefore , the oil slick is not likely to have a significant impact on the hurricane .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Motorola 's Android - based Droid X smartphone was unveiled today during a joint press briefing with Verizon .
The device , which ships with Android 2.1 , will be available to Verizon customers in mid-July .
The Droid X has a huge 4.3 - inch WVGA screen , a 1GHz TI OMAP3 processor , 8GB internal storage capacity , and an 8 MP camera with support for capturing high - definition video .
The device is arguably Verizon 's answer to the HTC Evo 4G , an Android - based smartphone with similar hardware specs that recently launched on Sprint 's network .
These devices , which emphasize social networking connectivity and streaming video , represent a new category of large form - factor touchscreen phones .
" Motorola designed DROID X to push the extreme limits of Android innovation , and enable you to do even more with your mobile device , " said Motorola mobile device executive Sanjay Jha in a statement .
" We are breaking down barriers so that you can experience the Web the way it was meant to be and create , share and view content like never before , either in your hand or in your home . "
Although the Droid X will ship with Android 2.1 at launch , Verizon and Motorola plan to deploy version 2.2 — codenamed Froyo — in an over - the - air update later this summer .
Adobe Flash 10.1 is scheduled to be rolled out to Droid X devices at the same time .
Google finally published the Froyo source code today through the public Android open source project .
Google does n't do Android development in the open and typically waits for its partners to launch products with the new version of the platform before releasing the source code .
Today 's release of the Froyo code alongside the Droid X launch announcement is consistent with that approach , in the sense that Motorola is a Froyo launch partner .
Like the Evo , the Droid X supports WiFi tethering .
The service will be available for $ 20 a month on top of the regular data fees , but will be limited to 2GB .
The device itself will be available for $ 199.99 after rebate with a two - year contract .
Verizon is offering early smartphone upgrades to all customers who have a contract expiring this year .
Verizon 's original Droid handset is thought to be the best - selling Android - based smartphone .
The popularity of Sprint 's Evo 4G suggests that Verizon will likely see similar success with the Droid X when it becomes available in July .
The company is also expected to launch the Droid 2 ( a successor to the original Droid ) in August .
A few years ago , a marketing team from a major consumer goods company came to my lab eager to test some new pricing mechanisms using principles of behavioral economics .
We decided to start by testing the allure of “ free , ” a subject my students and I had been studying .
I was excited :
The company would gain insights into its customers ’ decision making , and we ’d get useful data for our academic work .
The team agreed to create multiple websites with different offers and pricing and then observe how each worked out in terms of appeal , orders , and revenue .
Several months later , right before we were due to go live , we had a meeting about the final details of the experiment — this time with a bigger entourage from marketing .
One of the new members noted that because we were extending differing offers , some customers might buy a product that was not ideal for them , spend too much money , or get a worse deal overall than others .
He was correct , of course .
In any experiment , someone gets the short end of the stick .
Take clinical medical trials , I said to the team .
When testing chemotherapy treatments , some patients suffer more so that , down the road , others might suffer less .
I hoped this put it in perspective .
Fortunately , I said , price testing household products requires far less suffering than chemo trials .
But I could tell I was losing them .
In a sense , I was impressed .
It was a beautiful human sentiment they were conveying :
We care about all customers and do n’t want to treat any one of them unfairly .
A debate ensued among the group :
Are we willing to sacrifice some customers “ just ” to learn how the new pricing approaches work ?
They hedged .
They asked me what I thought the best approach was .
I told them that I was willing to share my intuition but that intuition is a remarkably bad thing to rely on .
Only an experiment gives you the evidence you need .
In the end , it was n’t enough to convince them , and they called off the project .
This is a typical case , I ’ve found .
I ’ve often tried to help companies do experiments , and usually I fail spectacularly .
I remember one company that was having trouble getting its bonuses right .
I suggested they do some experiments , or at least a survey .
The HR staff said no , it was a miserable time in the company .
Everyone was unhappy , and management did n’t want to add to the trouble by messing with people ’s bonuses merely for the sake of learning .
But the employees are already unhappy , I thought , and the experiments would have provided evidence for how to make them less so in the years to come .
How is that a bad idea ?
Companies pay amazing amounts of money to get answers from consultants with overdeveloped confidence in their own intuition .
Managers rely on focus groups — a dozen people riffing on something they know little about — to set strategies .
And yet , companies wo n’t experiment to find evidence of the right way forward .
Companies pay big money to consultants who are overly confident in their intuition .
I think this irrational behavior stems from two sources .
One is the nature of experiments themselves .
As the people at the consumer goods firm pointed out , experiments require short - term losses for long - term gains .
Companies ( and people ) are notoriously bad at making those trade - offs .
Second , there ’s the false sense of security that heeding experts provides .
When we pay consultants , we get an answer from them and not a list of experiments to conduct .
We tend to value answers over questions because answers allow us to take action , while questions mean that we need to keep thinking .
Never mind that asking good questions and gathering evidence usually guides us to better answers .
Despite the fact that it goes against how business works , experimentation is making headway at some companies .
Scott Cook , the founder of Intuit , tells me he ’s trying to create a culture of experimentation in which failing is perfectly fine .
Whatever happens , he tells his staff , you ’re doing right because you ’ve created evidence , which is better than anyone ’s intuition .
He says the organization is buzzing with experiments .
And so is that consumer goods company .
A group there is studying consumer psychology and behavioral economics and is amassing evidence that ’s impressive by any academic standard .
Years after our false start , they ’re recognizing the dangers of relying on intuition .
Okay , so maybe it ’s not quite as incendiary as the title suggests .
After all , I have officially been a Redditor for almost a year now ( and over two years if you count my first real Reddit account ) .
In any case , I happened to be in the Downtown Los Angeles area for the Electronic Entertainment Expo ( E3 ) , so I decided to accept the open invitation to join my fellow LA Redditors at the Veranda Bar at the Figueroa Hotel for drinks .
Having been to plenty of Digg meetups , and never to a Reddit meetup , I did n’t know what to expect .
What I discovered was an intimate gathering of warm , genuine , fascinating people whose passion for scintillating conversation extended way beyond the keyboard .
We laughed , we drank ( lots ) , we trolled .
I had the pleasure to ( finally ) meet Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian ( aka kn0thing , who unfortunately did NOT bring the awesomesauce , as far as I saw ) , a person whose accomplishments I ’ve admired for some time now .
Once we were both sufficiently loosened up with margaritas and beer , I asked him the question that has plagued feuding nations since time immemorial , from the Israelis vs. Palestinians to the Irish Protestants vs. Catholics to the French soccer team vs. everyone else …
Why ca n’t Diggers and Redditors get along ?
He offered a unique solution , plus his thoughts on a recent Ohanian - bashing post on TechCrunch .
I ’d like to thank my gracious fellow Redditors for a terrific time at the meetup .
Here ’s to future meetups !
Advertisements
Remember when Glenn Beck got all outraged last September and claimed that President Obama was indoctrinating children with his back to school speech last September ?
Well , on his radio show today , Beck explained why the right must indoctrinate their children , “ We must view our children as clay pots .
We must look at them as the place to put our scared documents into them . ”
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
While reading an ad for sponsor FreedomWorks , Beck urged his listeners to join with Dick Armey ’s corporate Tea Party front group , “ Look , we can not get into bed with enemies .
The enemy of my enemy is not my friend , but if they have many of the same tendencies , many of the same things that they are striving for , as long as they are also not an enemy , we need to join together we need to link . ”
Beck then talked about the need to reset history by indoctrinating children , “ I am tonight starting out on a journey that is going to take us really solely into history .
I ’ve got to reset history .
We ’ve got to learn this .
We must view our children as clay pots .
We must look at them as the place to put our scared documents into them , and the sacred universal truths of America into our children , and we ’re going to work as hard as we can as fast as we can . ”
Beck then went into full paid shill mode and discussed the “ political successes ” of Freedom Works .
( My guess is that he was not referring to their total failure on healthcare reform ) .
If you strip away all of the talk of clay pots and sacred documents , what Beck was discussing the indoctrination of children .
He wants to embed the values of the Tea Party and the far right into children , because he does n’t want children just to learn about the Constitution , but he wants them to adopt the fractured right wing interpretation of the Constitution , which sounds an awful lot like the same type of indoctrination that he accused Obama of last September .
Here is Beck accusing Obama of using his back to school speech to indoctrinate children :
Beck said , “ We have been working for a couple of weeks on a special one hour broadcast , next Tuesday on television on the indoctrination of your children and we put it on that Tuesday because of Barack Obama speaking on that Tuesday .
Gang , you have a system that is wildly , wildly out of control , and they are capturing your kids . ”
The people on the far right are so far gone that they are willing to indoctrinate future generations to carry on their political jihad with the goal of imposing their ideology on to every American .
What is happening here is a consolidation of resources .
The corporate Astroturf of FreedomWorks is now unifying with the minister of propaganda Glenn Beck .
A machine is being constructed with the goal of winning at the ballot box , and taking America in an extreme right wing direction , and they have no problem with using indoctrination to create future right wing warriors .
UPDATE : Under fire from even members of his own party , Rep. Joe Barton ( R - TX ) retracted his apology to BP over President Barack Obama ’s insistence that the company set up a $ 20 billion escrow fund to pay damages related to the Gulf oil spill .
“ I want to be absolutely clear that I think BP is responsible for this accident , should be held responsible and should in every way do everything possible to make good on the consequences that have resulted from this accident , ” Barton said Thursday , as quoted at CBS News .
“ And if anything I said this morning has been misconstrued to the opposite effect I want to apologize for that misconstrued misconstruction . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Following his statement earlier Thursday that the $ 20 billion fund amounted to a “ shakedown ” of BP , Barton found himself under attack not only from Vice - President Joe Biden and other Democrats , but from other Republicans as well .
A Florida Republican has called for Barton to step down as the ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee .
The Hill reports :
A Republican lawmaker from a district affected by the oil spill called on Rep. Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) to step down as the ranking member of his committee .
Rep. Jeff Miller ( R - Fla . ) , whose Pensacola district is among the most affected areas in the Gulf by the oil spill , condemned Barton for apologizing to BP CEO Tony Hayward during a committee meeting on Thursday .
“ I condemn Mr. BartonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s statement .
Mr. BartonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s remarks are out of touch with this tragedy and I feel his comments call into question his judgment and ability to serve in a leadership on the Energy and Commerce Committee , ” Miller said in a statement .
“ He should step down as ranking member of the Committee .
Ã¢â‚¬Â 
ORIGINAL STORY FOLLOWS BELOW
We ’re sorry that the government wants to penalize you for creating the worst environmental disaster in the history of the United States , one Republican congressman has suggested to BP .
During a hearing of the House Energy and Commerce Committee on Thursday , Rep. Joe Barton ( R - TX ) called the $ 20 billion escrow fund that BP has promised to establish a “ shakedown ” and apologized to BP Tony Hayward .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’m speaking totally for myself and I ’m not speaking for the Republican Party and I ’m not speaking for anybody in the House of Representatives but myself , but I ’m ashamed of what happened in the White House yesterday , ” Barton began .
“ I think it ’s a tragedy of the first proportion that a private corporation can be subjected to what I would characterize as a shakedown , ” he continued , “ in this case , a $ 20 billion shakedown with the Attorney General of the United States — who is legitimately conducting a criminal investigation and has every right to do so to protect the interests of the American people — participating in what amounts to a $ 20 billion slush fund that ’s unprecedented in our nation ’s history , that ’s got no legal standing , and that I think sets a terrible precedent for the future . ”
“ I ’m only speaking for myself , ” Barton repeated .
“ I ’m not speaking for anybody else , but I apologize .
I do not want to live in a country where any time a citizen or a corporation does something that is legitimately wrong and is subject to some sort of political pressure that is , again , in my words , amounts to a shakedown .
So I apologize . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In a statement , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs blasted Barton following the hearing :
What is shameful is that Joe Barton seems to have more concern for big corporations that caused this disaster than the fishermen , small business owners and communities whose lives have been devastated by the destruction .
Congressman Barton may think that a fund to compensate these Americans is a Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœtragedyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ , but most Americans know that the real tragedy is what the men and women of the Gulf Coast are going through right now .
Members from both parties should repudiate his comments .
ADVERTISEMENT
Barton , who was chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee when the Republicans held a majority in the House and is now its ranking member , is well known for his close ties to the energy industry .
According to OpenSecrets.org , over the course of his career Barton ’s top industry donor has been the oil and gas industry , for a total of nearly $ 1.5 million in contributions .
Barton has almost always stuck by his donors .
A profile at Texans for Public Justice states , “ Barton stuck provisions in the 2003 energy bill to give the Dallas - Fort Worth region more time to flunk clean - air standards .
The bill failed because of another Barton - championed provision to shield the petrochemical industry from liability for the carcinogenic gasoline additive MTBE .
…
Westar Energy got Barton to insert special provisions into 2002 energy legislation to let Westar split off its regulated utility from its heavily indebted other businesses–a split that would facilitate saddling ratepayers with $ 1 billion WestarÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s non-utility debts . ”
Barton was also an early global warming skeptic .
In July 2005 , the Washington Post ’s David Ignatius commented , “ I ca n’t remember anything quite as nasty — or as politically skewed — as Rep.
Joe Barton ’s recent attack on scientists whose views on global warming he does n’t like . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Barton had sent letters to three climate change scientists “ demanding information about what he claimed were ‘ methodological flaws and data errors ’ in their studies of global warming . ”
The bullying tone of these letters was so pronounced that even a fellow Republican who chaired the House Committee on Science cautioned , “ My primary concern about your investigation is that its purpose seems to be to intimidate scientists rather than to learn from them , and to substitute Congressional political review for scientific peer review .
This would be pernicious . ”
This video is from MSNBC ’s News Live , broadcast June 17 , 2010 .
Brad Friedman Byon 5/24/2010 , 7:03 pm PT
Those who follow me on Twitter may already know that I 've been referring there to the New York Times ' shameful coverage of the Richard Blumenthal situation as the paper 's " ACORN Pimp Hoax REDUX . "
Their front page exposé last week suggested that Connecticut 's Attorney General --- the leading Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate --- was , perhaps , a serial liar because , the " paper of record " informed readers , he 'd exaggerated his service in the military .
But then we learned that the Times had failed to share the complete video taped comments from a recent speech .
Instead , they chose to quote and share just one selective portion out of context to help make their case .
Not only did the complete video --- which Times Executive Editor Bill Keller now admits the paper had seen prior to publication of their story --- offer additional comments from Blumenthal in the same speech , which may have mitigated the comments the Times selectively shared with readers , the paper also failed to share with readers that the story had been fed to them originally by the campaign team of one Blumenthal 's Republican rivals for the U.S. Senate seat .
Now that the NYTimes ' Public Editor , Clark Hoyt --- supposedly the paper 's " readers ' representative " or ombudsman --- has rung in with his " verdict " on the whole mess over the weekend , we can officially announce that the comparison to the Times ' shameful response to the ACORN Pimp Hoax scandal , which we spent the better part of three months detailing earlier this year , is complete ...
The Blumenthal brouhaha started with the Times ' scoop by Raymond Hernandez where he 'd quoted --- and posted a :58 second video excerpt --- from a 2008 speech honoring vets and senior citizens in which Blumenthal said " We have learned something very important since the days that I served in Vietnam . "
Blumenthal , however , served state - side during the Vietnam War , rather than " in Vietnam . "
However , at the very beginning of the complete version of the very same speech --- in a portion that was neither quoted nor posted by the " paper of record , " but noted by AP in a report responding to the Times --- Blumenthal referenced himself " correctly " as [ emphasis added ] " someone who served in the military , during the Vietnam era . "
Subsequent follow - up coverage of the NYTimes ' reporting by other media outlets found that the Times may have been as guilty as Blumenthal , perhaps even more so , of exaggeration in their story , which could end up dashing the hopes of Democrats to hold onto the seat being vacated this year by the retiring Sen.
Chris Dodd .
The Hartford Courant 's Colin McEnroe contacted state reporters who 've covered Blumenthal for years and found that , nearly to a one , as Media Matters ' Matt Gertz noted " none had stated that they had ever heard Blumenthal say that he served in Vietnam . "
" Every time he talked about his military record , he was quite clear that he had been a military reservist and never came close to suggesting he was in Vietnam , " the Connecticut Mirror 's Mark Pazniokas --- who , as McEnroe reports , " may have covered Blumenthal more often than anybody else " --- told the Courant .
Just as the NYTimes did when they were first contacted about their inaccurate ( and , in that case , repeatedly inaccurate ) coverage of the ACORN Pimp Hoax , as The BRAD BLOG exclusively reported earlier this year , the paper offered absurd excuses and rationalizations for the failures in their report when initially questioned by other media .
Greg Sargent of " The Plum Line " blog at the Washington Post aptly observed , in regard to the paper 's initial response to the portions of the speech they did n't bother to let readers know about :
[ T ]he fact that he [ Blumenthal ] got it right , if narrowly so , earlier in the speech raises at least the possibility that he did n't intend to mislead later on , even if it does n't prove this one way or the other .
Even if you do n't believe the longer video is exculpatory in any way , as The Times says , there 's no conceivable reason for leaving out the fuller context and letting readers make the call for themselves .
It seems obvious that when dealing with a story this explosive , you would want to err on the side of more context , rather than less .
" More context " which the New York Times also failed to include in Hernandez ' report : the fact that they were tipped off to the story in the first place by the campaign of Linda McMahon , one of Blumenthal 's potential Republican opponents for the U.S. Senate seat .
Public Editor
Hoyt 's response in the paper to all of this came over the weekend .
At least it did n't take two months , as with his ultimate response to the Times ' ACORN Pimp Hoax fail .
But , as with both his extraordinary emailed responses initially sent to The BRAD BLOG and in the column he finally published in which he somewhat corrected his initial responses to me , and admitted that both he and the Times were " wrong " in at least one aspect of their " pimp " coverage , Hoyt by - and - large played defender of the paper , not of the readers as is his supposed mission .
Yesterday , Media Matters ' Matter Gertz observed that Hoyt 's column on Blumenthal " misses [ the ] mark " by " ignor[ing ] several key pieces of information that have come to light since the original story went to press , and even promotes a key falsehood that the Times ' PR staff has used in defending the piece . "
Moreover --- and more to the point of our coverage here --- today , Media Matters ' Eric Boehlert finally draws the direct comparison , as we have been doing on Twitter , between Hoyt 's response to the Blumenthal mess , and his shameful response to the ACORN Pimp Hoax disaster .
In both cases , of course , the Times ran with a story based on selectively edited portions of video tapes , without bothering to examine , or report on , the complete context of the video .
The result : reports that were ultimately more wrong than right , but which ended up having devastating consequences for the targets of the reports --- both of whom happen to be Democratic , or Democratic - leaning .
Today Boehlert appropriately asks : " Why is it that when liberals and Democrats raise concerns about Times reporting , Public Editor Hoyt seems to start his analysis from a defend - the - Times perspective ? "
The question is spot on , as Hoyt 's troubling pattern continues to emerge .
Writes Boehlert :
Hoyt 's job is to police the newspaper 's journalism ; to act as an independent newsroom cop and to make sure journalists there adhere to the highest possible standard .
And for the Blumenthal story , Hoyt concluded that all kinds of corners were cut .
Consequently , Blumenthal was treated quite unfairly by the newspaper , which , according to Hoyt , should have done this , this , this , and this .
But despite all those sins of omission --- omissions which if included in the original blockbuster would have severely undercut the article 's newsworthiness ---
Hoyt essentially gives the newsroom his seal of approval .
Sound familiar ?
Boehlert certainly thinks so , as he then goes on to draw the comparison to Hoyt's " train wreck performance " in response to the paper 's ACORN coverage as " a pattern emerging of Hoyt giving the all - clear signal for shoddy Times journalism that rankles liberals and Democrats . "
He then adds :
Times news team for not reacting quickly and urgently enough to partisan , right - wing stories born on the Internet .
i.e.
When conservatives complained about Times coverage , Hoyt was very quick to scold the newsroom .
But twice now in recent months when liberals have scolded the newspaper , Hoyt went out of his way to defend the newsroom when it clearly was in the wrong .
Even after Hoyt conceded the newspaper was in the wrong .
And yes , this is the same Hoyt who devoted an entire column last year to scold thenews team for not reacting quickly and urgently enough to partisan , right - wing stories born on the Internet .
i.e.
When conservatives complained aboutcoverage , Hoyt was very quick to scold the newsroom .
But twice now in recent months when liberals have scolded the newspaper , Hoyt went out of his way to defend the newsroom when it clearly was in the wrong .
Even after Hoytthe newspaper was in the wrong .
Look , I am contacted all the time by folks with a political agenda who have a " tip " for me about someone or something which could potentially embarrass their political opposition in some fashion .
Sometimes I 'll cover it , sometimes I wo n't .
It depends on whether the news is fit to print .
If , however , the " tip " included a video or a statement of some sort , say , from a document or speech , I 'd insist upon reviewing the entire document or full context of the statement before I 'd even consider running it .
Because of that , far more " tips " end up never seeing the light of day --- at least on this website --- than those which actually run as stories .
If I 'd been offered information such as the Blumenthal comment in the video , I 'd both have insisted on reviewing the full video --- as the Times concedes they did --- as well as offer it to readers so they could judge for themselves .
That 's if I even ended up running the story , which is doubtful given the full context of Blumenthal 's complete speech .
Had I decided to run it , I 'd also have disclosed where the information originally came from .
I 'm not the New York Times --- in fact , I never even went to " J " School --- but these points seem like a no brainer to me .
How the New York Times , of all papers , could not see that as the case , much less make excuses for it all after having been called on it , seems to simply defy legitimate explanation .
That Hoyt , as the supposed " independent , " " readers representative " would defend this basic " Journalism 101 " failure defies all but the most insidious conclusions , frankly .
Hoyt 's horrendous response to the ACORN brouhaha appropriately earned him devasting criticism from around the blogosphere , editorial cartoon ridicule , and even calls for his firing .
As the ACORN Pimp Hoax scandal was unfolding , I did not join in the calls for Hoyt to be removed , as I had become directly involved in that story and did n't feel it appropriate to offer such direct opinion .
At this point , however , it 's clear that Hoyt has utterly failed in his supposed mission .
He has no place serving as an ombudsman for that paper --- or any paper --- as he 's proven to be little more than a defender of the New York Times and their editors ... at least when it comes to stories that seem to adversely affect those who are not Republicans .
Hoyt should be removed from his role as Public Editor .
He has failed .
Time and again .
But he likely wo n't be , given that he has served the paper so very well ... and the readers , so very poorly .
ATF Reverses Interpretation of GCA – Redefines “ Transfers ” of Firearms
Anyone sending a gun in for warranty or to a gunsmith will now have to send their firearms through multiple FFL dealers , fill out 4473's and pay for back ground checks on guns you already own .
NEWTOWN , Conn –-( AmmoLand.com ) -
Reversing an interpretation of the Gun Control
Act that has been on the books for more than four decades , ATF posted a ruling declaring any shipment of a firearm by a manufacturer ( FFL ) to any agent or business ( e.g. , an engineering - design firm , patent lawyer , testing lab , gun writer , etc. ) for a bona fide business purpose to be a “ transfer ” under the Gun Control Act of 1968 .
As a consequence , legitimate business - related shipments will now require the recipient to complete a Form 4473 and undergo a Brady criminal background check .
In many instances , these requirements will force shipments to a third party , thereby lengthening the process and the time that the firearm is in transit .
ATF officials have acknowledged this is a radical change from ATF ’s long - standing interpretation that this was not a “ transfer ” under the Gun Control Act that was set forth in a 1969 ruling ( “ Shipment or Delivery of Firearms By Licensees to Employees , Agents , Representatives , Writers and Evaluators . ” ) and further clarified in a 1972 ruling .
In other words , ATF is now saying its long - standing rulings , issued shortly after the Gun Control Act was enacted , were wrong .
ATF should be required to explain why it took 42 years to decide that its original understanding and interpretation of the Gun Control Act is now somehow wrong .
ATF appears to be under the mistaken impression that the Brady Act of 1993 changed what constitutes a “ transfer ” under the Gun Control Act .
Even if this were true – and it is not — then ATF should be required to explain why it took 17 years to figure this out .
ATF itself admits that neither the Gun Control Act nor the Brady Act defines “ transfer . ”
There is simply nothing in the Brady Act or is there any other legal reason that compels ATF to now reject 40 years of precedent .
For more than four decades manufacturers have shipped firearms to agents for bona fide business purposes .
ATF is unable to identify a single instance during the past 40 years where a single firearm shipped in reliance upon ATF 's rulings was used in a crime .
This unwarranted reinterpretation of the law will cause significant disruption and additional costs for industry members and increase the cost of doing business , while doing nothing to advance public safety .
About NSSF
The National Shooting Sports Foundation is the trade association for the firearms industry .
Its mission is to promote , protect and preserve hunting and the shooting sports .
Formed in 1961 , NSSF has a membership of more than 5,500 manufacturers , distributors , firearms retailers , shooting ranges , sportsmen ’s organizations and publishers .
For more information , log on to www.nssf.org.
It 's often said the South Australian senator , Nick Xenophon , is the joker of the Senate , such is his enigmatic ability to extract a deal from the government at a time of maximum vulnerability .
Fielding , then , is surely the clown , given his erratic performance , especially over the past two years , and his hamfisted attempts to deal himself in , a la Xenophon .
The government considers him a sad joke .
So , increasingly , does the opposition .
And the punters think he's so hilarious – or just confounding and weird – they confuse the ramblings of the real Fielding with the loony impersonations of his Twitter impostor , “ Fake Fielding ” .
The Senate is a curious club that engenders camaraderie and respect among senators of different ideological complexions .
The theatricality of the House of Representatives always draws most media attention .
But the Senate is the chamber of true ideological combat , where bills are pulled apart and stitched back together and where dissent from the party line is more likely to be tolerated and encouraged .
It is true that the Senate all too often divides and votes along party lines , in a way that does not serve its original purpose as a states ' house of review .
But occasionally it gives rise to a debate about a proposed law that restores faith in the capacity of the legislative process to transcend politics .
We saw such an occasion last week when the chamber debated the government 's paid parental leave scheme .
Debate between the major parties has focused on the differences between Labor 's scheme ( 18 weeks paid at the basic wage ) and the Coalition 's ( 26 weeks of paid leave funded through a tax on big business ) .
Both policies have their merits .
Fielding , it seems , tried to get maximum personal attention by clawing his way through the middle of the debate with a puerile attempt to turn the paid parental leave argument into one about abortion .
Now plenty of people in the Senate , regardless of their political persuasion , have very strong views about abortion .
They are views that have , from time to time , been argued loudly in the chamber and in debates – or just in response to media questions – outside the Senate .
Among them is Barnaby Joyce , the Jesuit - educated and Catholic - raised Queenslander .
Joyce 's views on abortion ( he is opposed to it ) correspond with those of many men in both the Coalition and the Labor Party .
Women MPs and senators , by and large , are more likely to hold pro-choice views .
Abortion is regarded in parliament as a matter of conscience that is most appropriately argued passionately and in context , but not politically .
Those who already held serious reservations about Fielding 's judgment and political approach but who had nonetheless continued to give him the benefit of some doubt , have now written him off .
But what did Fielding do to so incense them ?
He claimed , without any evidence , that women of poor character – drug addicts and welfare cheats , for example – could rort the paid parental leave scheme by getting pregnant and having later term abortions .
Consequently , he argued the legislation should be amended so an abortion could not be defined as a still birth .
“ Most incredibly even prisoners and prostitutes are valued more highly than stay - at - home mums .
The scheme would be open to rorting by people who chose to have later abortions , ” Fielding said .
“ Under this bill drug addicts and welfare cheats can rort the system and get paid parental money for nothing .
Drug addicts and welfare cheats can go out there and get themselves pregnant and then after 20 weeks have an abortion and still pocket the government cash . ”
Fielding 's comments were , appropriately , greeted with an avalanche of outrage from across the Senate .
Joyce , as I 've said here previously , is no stranger to shooting from the lip in an effort to win the oxygen of politics – media attention .
But he has never been a slouch when it came to Senate debate and he has frequently swum upstream , against the Coalition flow , on issues of principle .
Where others have previously lauded Joyce as a terrific communicator , I have been more of a sceptic .
Last week , however , he convinced me that when he sticks to what he is good at – analysing policy and principled debate – instead of just seeking the limelight , he is indeed to be reckoned with .
“ These amendments do not create an assurance ; they create a wedge .
These amendments bring into this chamber an issue on which there are deeply held beliefs around the parliament .
It is a conscience issue .
The way in which this issue has been introduced takes the debate to a base level .
You know full well that if you bring the abortion debate up then a bit more diligence is required than you have shown with the process you are following here .
I am disgusted by the mechanism of this .
An assurance has been given .
We have actually been doing the footwork – asking people and getting the assurances across parliamentary lines on this issue , ” Joyce said .
“ I find it one of the more base forms of politics to bring up an issue that you know full well , Senator Fielding , is held as an absolutely primary issue by so many people around this place .
I really question the motives you have at the forefront of your mind in bringing this issue forward in this manner . ”
Joyce concluded by asking if Fielding 's tactic was “ merely a political ploy ” .
“ If it is , ” Joyce said , “ I think it is absolutely disgusting . ”
Greens leader Bob Brown went on to declare Fielding “ almost irrelevant . ”
“ Done , finished and out , ” he said .
Goodbye .
The great novelist Mordecai Richler forever associated the cause of Québec ’s independence to proto - fascist ideology in English - reading minds when he wrote in a series of articles in the New Yorker , later published as Oh Canada !
Oh Québec !
Requiem for a Divided Country , that :
« From the beginning , French - Canadian nationalism has been badly tainted by racism .
The patron saint of the independantists , the Abbé Lionel Groulx was not only a virulent anti-Semite but also a nascent fascist , an unabashed admirer in the thirties of Mussolini , Dollfuss and Salazar . »
Although absolutely true , Richler ’s diatribe obscured the fact that Mussolini had many admirers in the 1930 ’s , from industrialist Henry Ford to presidents and Prime ministers .
One of the most vocal and successful proponents of North American fascism was indeed a French - Canadian , but he was not a nationalist .
From his early days as a reporter at the daily La Presse , through his internment during the war and well after the Allied victory , Adrien Arcand remained an admirer of the British Empire and a fierce opponent of an independent Québec that would have been , in his words , « at the mercy of the Jews . »
The AngryFrenchGuy spoke with Jean - François Nadeau , the author of Le Führer Canadien , the first biography of Adrien Arcand .
On the AngryFrenchGuy website the fascist past of Québec society , and the supposed roots of the nationalist movement in that past , are regularly brought up by some people .
Just how big was the fascist movement in Québec in the 1930’s ?
This idea of a movement essentially concentrated in Québec is bullshit .
A thesis upheld by ignorants .
In that period , it ’s everywhere .
There are movements like this in Brazil , Mexico and many in the United States .
As a matter of fact , Arcand will experience a triumph of sorts in New York where there are gatherings at the Madison Square Garden — today known for hockey — and the New York hippodrome of tens of thousands members of organized groups who welcome him with the fascist salute .
This is before 1939 .
We tried to forget this , but in the 1920 ’s and 30’s , even people like Gandhi and president Roosevelt were very open to some aspects of Italian fascism .
In the case of Québec , some have tried in recent years to correlate that past with the national affirmation and indépendantiste movements .
It does n’t hold water .
Those people hate the very idea of Québec ’s national affirmation .
They are the most fierce opponents of that idea .
They dream about an imperial system — French or English style — but in the name of a very very strong , authoritarian and structured Canada .
Because Arcand is quite the anglophile , is n’t he ?
His troops are commanded in English .
He speaks English fluently .
There are other groups like his in French - Canadian society , but he is the one who succeeded in federating other groups in English - Canada , in the West and the East .
He speaks in meetings in the Atlantic provinces and in Toronto .
He travels a lot in Canada , with the objective of founding a far right party , which he will achieve in 1938 : the National Unity Party of Canada .
You ’ve written that Canadian Prime Ministers encouraged his movement , at least in a underhanded way .
Prime Minister Bennett financed Adrien Arcand ’s first antisemitic and virulently racist newspapers in the hope that Arcand , who is a brilliant marketer , would support him and help him elect enough Conservative candidates in Québec for him to form the government in Ottawa .
It worked .
Even after the war , after 1945 , there are many federal conservative MP’s who are very close to Arcand , who go to him for counsel and try , in one way or the other , to support some aspects of his doctrine .
Québec Conservatives or Canadian Conservatives ?
Mostly French - Canadian , but also English - Canadian .
He always said that the Anglo - Saxon world paid more attention to him than his own Latin world .
In fact his own models are not so much Hitler or Mussolini as they are British Lords who are proponents of a British Imperial Fascism .
People like Mosley who inspire him , and with whom he corresponds .
His is a racist , antisemitic , very Hitlerian approach to the far right , but English - style .
That ’s peculiar .
For him , the New World will come about through the British Empire , the defence of a King and of the British monarchy .
That ’s why French - Canadian nationalists hate him so much , even if they defend ideas that are n’t far from his .
They reject him because he is an imperialist .
It ’s fascinating to read in your book that Arcand was one of the first Holocaust deniers .
After the war , even if his newspapers have lead him into a detention camp , Arcand does n’t change his mind .
He ca n’t accept the idea that there had been a massacre of Jews and of political opponents .
He does n’t need any proof of a Jewish conspiracy , he ’s already convinced .
He will be one of the first to deny , on the basis of faith in the irrational that supports all his thought , that death and concentration camps could have existed .
He will be one of the first in 1946 - 47 to develop those ideas , which he will maintain , to the point of enriching the thinking of those we consider today to be the pioneers of Holocaust denial — that ’s not a very appropriate name , we should call them falsificators of History .
He is the one at the root of many of their ideas .
In temporal terms , I see that he is writing these sorts of things before the leading theorists of denial even started to write .
One very surprising revelation in your book is that Pierre Elliot Trudeau defended Arcand .
In what way ?
Was it a purely legal exercise ?
When he was a student in London — but let ’s be clear , when I say a young student , I mean a man of almost thirty years , with all his head and able to make a judgment — he wrote in a very conservative newspaper called Notre Temps that what was done to Adrien Arcand was horrible .
He will write that a regime that claims to be democratic but is not able to support the opposition and freedom of speech of Arcand is denying itself .
That ’s a little bit odd because he will himself use that very law , the very exceptional and contested War Measures Act , in 1970 , to contain the supposed insurection of the Front de Libération du Québec .
Yet we could very well take everything he writes in the case of Arcand and transpose it very exactly to the situation in 1970 .
It ’s very peculiar because people from the far right like Arcand , who are likely to have contacts with the enemy , are a real menace to the Canadian State .
The country is at war against a formidable force .
It ’s not an apprehended insurrection like in 1970 , it ’s a real war with real tanks and aeroplanes and a real man called Adolf Hitler .
And we have people here who wear uniforms with the swastika and are likely to help the enemy from the inside .
It ’s not a coincidence if in May 1940 , in England and South Africa and all over the world members of these groups are arrested on the exact same day .
In 1970 we suppose there is a menace , but there is no proof .
In 1939 - 40 we know that Poland has fallen , that France will be hit , that Belgium was hit , that Danzig is done and Czechoslovakia too .
It ’s not an apprehended menace .
It ’s a real physical menace .
So Trudeau ’s point of view is a little bit peculiar …
Now , in all fairness , fascist movements in that period were n’t all as anglophile as Arcand ’s .
There are also nationalist French - Canadian factions with fascistic tendencies , right ?
Yes , and they were n’t quite as important .
A few years ago we decided to do an ideological trial of the work of Lionel Groulx , and it is impossible to deny that there is an antisemitic variable in his thought and his brand of French - Canadian nationalism of the 1930’s .
There is some very antisemitic prose published under his name or his pseudonyms .
But there is a great difference between this thinking and that of Adrien Arcand .
First of all , it ’s very latent and there is n’t much of it .
More importantly , it does n’t support the architecture of the thought .
To use architectural language , if you remove the antisemitic variable from the discourse of people like Lionel Groulx , everything still holds .
If you remove it from Arcand ’s movement , everything collapses .
The foundation of his ideology is that there is a Jewish project of world domination and that it is imperative that they be eliminated .
That ’s not the issue in right wing nationalist movements .
There is also Paul Bouchard ’s La Nation group from Québec City , which is very strongly for independence and very antisemitic .
They will strongly oppose Arcand ’s ideas , even though they essentially are the same as their own : coporatism , against democracy , against representation , against traditional political systems .
But it ’s Arcand who succeeded , in those networks , to structure the far right .
Not that he was that successful .
In the 1930 ’s , he was n’t on his way to become Prime Minister of Canada , far from it .
He was probably 3 or 4 years too late .
DON’T BELIEVE THE HYPE
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Amid its struggles with Sunni jihadists , Shiite radicals , and Kurdish separatists , the Iraqi government is training its sights on a new enemy : dogs .
According to the UK’s Daily Mail , Iraq is spending 35 million dinars — about $ 30,000 — to send 20 shotgun - wielding squads out to hunt down the capital ’s strays .
Their goal : Killing one million canines .
So far , they ’ve scratched 42,000 , and they ’re averaging 2,400 a day .
“ We could consider this the biggest campaign of dog execution ever , ” Baghdad ’s chief veterinarian , Mohammed al - Hilly , told the newspaper .
Put so bluntly , it sounds heinous , perhaps even criminal .
It ’s also a tough pill to swallow for many US servicemembers in Iraq , who find comfort in adopted Iraqi pets that wandered in from the wild .
But the dog-eradication program is incredibly popular among Iraqis , and could even enhance the government ’s standing with its discontented populace .
And it ’s not unprecedented : Saddam Hussein used to sponsor dog roundups , and the US military is currently waging its own campaign against the country ’s feral dogs .
View photos depicting the many roles of wild and domestic animals in Iraq — companions , workers , nuisances — in MoJo ‘s slideshow , “ The Dogs ( and Cats ) of War .
Wild animals also pose special problems for American service members in Iraq .
Despite the fortifications at the US coalition ’s largest bases — mazes of walls , cameras , guns , checkpoints — coyotes and cats slip through at will , often crossing soldiers ’ paths in the dusty dark of night , catching fish on base lakes and moats , or tracking rats underneath the soldiers ’ sleeping trailers .
Rabies is an ever - present concern , as is the general nastiness of the feral animal population .
Plus , military working dogs are ubiquitous in Iraq , and keeping them away from wild animals is a paramount concern .
Units that rely on working animals have rules of engagement empowering them to kill any creature that ventures too close to their dogs .
The US military command also forbids soldiers to own pets .
It ’s right there in General Order No. 1 , the master document regulating military and contractor behavior : “ Adopting as pets or mascots , caring for or feeding any type of domestic or wild animal ” in the Iraqi war zone is a crime , on a par with using illegal drugs , distributing pornography , drinking liquor , keeping war spoils , or selling your gun .
The military does n’t just ban contact between soldiers and animals ; it ’s contracted with KBR — yes , that KBR — to provide “ vector control ” on big installations like the Victory Base Complex on Baghdad ’s outskirts .
The company ’s employees roam those bases , rounding up any animals they find , especially those being sheltered by the troops .
All the animals are destroyed .
“ No one involved in the animal control program enjoys the task , ” Lt. Colonel Raymond F. Dunton , chief of preventive medicine for the US military in Iraq , told the AP .
“ Unfortunately , it is critical that we continue this work to protect the health and safety of our service members . ”
“ We are in the prevention business .
We try to prevent problems , ” said Gary Orsack , manager of KBR ’s vector control program on the Victory Base Complex , which surrounds Baghdad International Airport .
All the animals caught on VBC are taken to a clinic on an adjacent outpost , where they are euthanized .
The name of the post where that clinic is located : Camp Slayer .
Knowing that General Order No. 1 could mean death for any unlucky animal , soldiers and contractors on many forward operating bases ( FOBs ) take great pains to protect their fuzzy charges .
“ I did n’t step foot on a FOB that did n’t have at least one dog .
Or a resident feral cat .
Or pet monkey purchased off base .
Or captured python , ” writes Capt .
Michael Cummings , a prolific blogger , of his deployment to Camp Joyce in Afghanistan .
“ I ’ve seen sergeants major and lieutenant colonels risk their careers over their favorite dogs . ”
Cummings ’ unit adopted three dogs near the end of their tour .
The alpha dog , he writes , “ was a bitch nicknamed Mama .
She looked like a wolf , with gray fur and menacing eyes .
Mama single - handedly kept our FOB clear of other animals , ferociously defending the FOB from any wild Afghan dogs who tried to scavenge our trash pit . ”
A week before Cummings and his unit were set to return home , orders came down to dispose of all adopted animals on the base before the incoming unit ’s soldiers arrived .
“ The day our full - bird colonel and his replacement came on a battlefield tour , suddenly all the dogs were gone , ” he writes .
“ I assumed they had been taken to the trash pit and executed , the fate of many dogs downrange .
But as soon as the chopper took off , bounding around a corner were the mini-pack : Mama , K2 and the dog with no name . ”
With help from animal lovers like the Baghdad Cat Lady and Marine Maj .
Brian Dennis and Nubs , hundreds of service members and contractors in Iraq have adopted strays and brought them home .
“ These men and women are trained to be tough , but when you ’ve seen some of what they ’ve seen , a lot of that adds up , ” says Terri Crisp , who coordinates Operation Baghdad Pups for the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals International ( SPCAI ) .
“ You ca n’t share a lot of it with your buddies , if they ’re going through the same emotions .
You ca n’t cry , you ca n’t hug .
But you can do all that with a dog . ”
She assists soldiers who want to bring their adopted pets home with them .
It ’s a costly and dangerous process , requiring Crisp and her staff to fly with a security detail in and out of Baghdad or Erbil with the animals .
So far , the effort has retrieved 265 animals — 42 cats and 223 dogs — for families stateside .
She ’s fielded many oddball requests from service members to repatriate their unconventional mascots .
“ I had one Marine unit that wanted to bring a chicken back , ” she laughs , a request that the Centers for Disease Control poo-pooed ( avian flu ) .
“ There was another Marine unit that wanted a donkey brought back . ”
Those devil dogs withdrew their request when the unit that relieved them happily adopted the animal .
Despite the military ’s no-animals policy , Crisp says the brass recognizes that the troops ’ illicit pets are morale boosters .
“ The military has been fully aware from the beginning of what we ’re doing , ” she says .
“ They could stop our flights if they really wanted , but they have n’t .
It ’s kind of , you know , ‘ Do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ' ”
Service members ’ conflicted feelings over the Iraq exterminations reflect the larger dilemmas of an occupying force in an insurgent war :
How do you bring stability , civility , even compassion , to a region marred by lawlessness and violence ?
Is it sensible to break your values in the short term in the hope of preserving them later ?
In Iraq , as in the wider Islamic world , canines are widely considered practically and ritually unclean .
Even where they ’re kept as pets or herders , they usually live outside rather than in the home .
Between that and a general bias against spaying or neutering dogs , the population of wild canines has grown out of control .
Iraqis generally view the dogs as a nuisance at best , a safety threat at worst .
Rumors swirl about deadly attacks by packs of dingoes and coyotes in the night .
The Baghdad provincial government claimed in 2008 that 13 people had been killed by wild dogs .
Perhaps that ’s why , Saddam Hussein mollified the masses with periodic dog hunts .
His Baghdad successors have never stopped the practice , only accelerated it .
“ If I were a mother in Iraq , with children , ” says Crisp , “ I would probably teach them to fear dogs , too . ”
The Iraqis ’ tactics of shooting and poisoning dogs — what the SPCAI ’s Crisp calls “ killing sprees ” — are “ incredibly inhumane , ” she says .
“ But we also have to be realistic , ” she adds .
“ The population is totally out of control .
The way things are in Baghdad , it ’s a breeding ground for diseases . ”
And just as military action by itself can’t end an insurgency , she says studies have shown that you can not control animal populations by killing alone .
Education , vaccination , and spaying and neutering are also necessary .
“ But you also have to look at the situation in Iraq and ask yourself if that ’s possible , ” she says .
“ It ’s a pretty hopeless situation . ”
Now Crisp and SPCAI are trying to sell the Iraqi government on more humane ways to control the dog population as well as change attitudes toward dogs in general .
“ We ’ve met with the Ministry of Agriculture in Erbil , and they were very receptive , ” she says .
Among children in the region , “ There ’s a curiosity and an interest in the dogs , and there ’s opportunities for education , but it ’s not gonna happen overnight …
There ’s just no easy solution . ”
With the support of thousands of Americans in Iraq and at home , Crisp hopes SPCAI can stave off a final solution for Iraq ’s .
“ It ’s our hope that down in Baghdad , they ’ll start to adopt humane measures , ” she says .
“ But for the dogs on the street now , it ’s too late . ”
View photos depicting the many roles of wild and domestic animals in Iraq — companions , workers , nuisances — in MoJo ‘s slideshow , “ The Dogs ( and Cats ) of War . “
Los Angeles authorites has released raw video of a mob attacking and setting fire to a taxicab after the Los Angeles Lakers victory over the Boston Celtics on Thursday night .
Officials hope the public can identify some of the people seen on the video .
The taxicab incident was one of the most serious that occurred during the rampage .
Violence erupted within 30 minutes of the game 's end as rowdy fans poured out of area bars and , shortly after , the 19,000 ticket - holders inside Staples began to emerge .
Phalanxes of LAPD officers successfully funneled the tightly packed revelers away from the venue , but bands of mostly young men grew aggressive and brazen as they moved into the surrounding blocks .
A typical scene played out on Figueroa Street , where revelers tore down a traffic sign , ripped open newspaper racks and lighted the papers on fire .
As police in riot gear approached , the crowd hurled unopened cans of energy drinks at them .
Several men stomped on an SUV parked on the street , breaking its windows .
Police chased the roving groups for about two hours , pushing them farther afield until they dispersed and relative calm returned .
Before it was over , police had fired tear gas and stinging pellets to disperse a scrum of several hundred people who surrounded a city bus filled with passengers and attempted to yank the driver out through a window .
A cabbie fled when his taxi was set upon by another mob that kicked in the windshield and set it ablaze .
A local YWCA , several restaurants and other storefronts had windows smashed .
At least eight people , one of them beaten unconscious , were taken to area hospitals .
Firefighters put out 19 rubbish and vehicle fires and police had made about 50 arrests .
Read about the aftermath of the violence following the Lakers victory by Times reporters at the scene .
[ Updated at 10:25 a.m. : Anyone with information is asked to call the Los Angeles Police Department or the Los Angeles Fire Department .
The LAFD Arson / Counter - Terrorism Section number is ( 213 ) 485-6095 . ]
-- Shelby Grad
Below , video from the LAFD .
WARNING : Contains foul language and some violence .
Hackers say iPad has more security holes
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
A day after AT&T fessed up to its iPad 3G customers about a security breach , the hackers that exploited the vulnerability in AT&T 's website said there are still lurking security problems related to the iPad .
In a blog post , hacker group Goatse Security said Monday that a " skilled attacker " could take advantage of a weakness in the iPad 's Safari Internet browser .
The browser 's bug could potentially allow someone to gain unwanted access to a user 's iPad when that user clicks a malicious link .
Goatse released an explanation of how the bug works on its website :
To protect against hacks , Internet browsers typically restrict websites ' access to computers through communications channels known as " ports . "
But Apple 's Safari browser failed to block off some illegitimate ports with unusually high numbers .
A hacker could use those unguarded channels , in combination with Safari features that automatically execute software requests , to wreak havoc .
" Basically , there is a hole in the iPad Safari version that allows someone to ' own ' your machine , " said Hemanshu Nigam , founder of SSP Blue , a cybersecurity consulting firm .
" Once they break in , hackers can make your iPad do anything they want and take anything they want from it .
It 's no different than saying , ' Here you go , it 's all yours . ' "
Apple fixed the bug on the desktop version of Safari in March , when the security glitch was first discovered .
But Apple has still not issued the patch for its mobile version , leaving the iPad vulnerable , according to the hacker group .
Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
The blog post was written as a response to an e-mail that AT&T ( T , Fortune 500 ) sent to its customers on Sunday evening , in which the wireless giant owned up to a security breach on its website that came to light last week .
Goatse Security exploited an AT&T vulnerability to harvest the e-mail addresses that iPad 3G buyers provided to activate their device .
As a result , more than 100,000 users ' e-mail addresses and their iPads ' SIM card ID numbers were released to the public .
In the letter , AT&T called the hack " malicious " and said the hackers went through " great efforts with a random program " to obtain the e-mail addresses .
But Goatse Security said in its blog post that the hack took " just over a single hour of labor total . "
It accused AT&T -- and Apple -- of not taking security seriously , saying that had the hackers not exposed the vulnerability , AT&T would never have fixed the problem .
As evidence , Goatse cited Apple 's failure to fully patch the Safari bug Goatse exposed three months ago .
The hacking group also accused the companies of mistreating their customers .
The news of the iPad e-mail address hack first came to light last Wednesday , when gossip blog Gawker reported it .
But AT&T said it was notified of the bug by a customer two days earlier , and that it patched the hole a day before Gawker 's report hit .
Still , it took the company until Sunday to make its customers aware of the vulnerability .
" AT&T had plenty of time to inform the public before our disclosure .
It was not done , " the group said in its blog post .
" Post - patch , disclosure should be immediate -- within the hour .
Days afterward is not acceptable . "
AT&T did n't rise to the bait .
" Our letter speaks for itself and we do not have additional comment , " a company spokesman said .
Does the Bulgarian Prime Minister Always Pay His Own Way ?
The Prime Minister of Bulgaria , Boiko Borisov , trained to be a firefighter , served as bodyguard to the former king , and is a karate expert .
According to the Prime Minister ’s Office , he also has not requested reimbursement for his expenses on official trips .
Unlike most world leaders , Borisov pays his own way .
At least , this was the response to a Bulgarian Access to Information request filed by journalist Vesselka Venkova of the Bulgarian Duma daily .
In November 2009 , under the Bulgarian Access to Public Information Act ( APIA ) , Venkova inquired about the dates and destinations , types of transportation , and expenses paid regarding the Premier ’s official domestic trips since his 27 July 2009 inauguration .
Venkova was granted partial access to the requested information .
Borisov ’s office surprisingly responded that the Prime Minister had paid by himself for the trips –implying that he had not spent any public money , and therefore was not required to disclose such information .
To prove this , the Prime Minister ’s office provided a single receipt for 154.39 BGN ( $ 102 ) .
Borisov ’s office also disclosed that memos had been written about each of the trips , that the Prime Minister traveled in the National Protection Service ’s cars , and that he had also used the government airplane Falcon 2000 and a military helicopter .
The response contained no information about the dates and destinations of his trips within Bulgaria .
Despite the unsatisfactory government response , Venkova did not give up .
She requested the assistance of the Access to Information Program ( AIP ) , a Bulgarian NGO with 14 years experience with FOI issues .
AIP helped her appeal the partial denial in the regional administrative court – the oversight body defined by the Bulgarian Access to Information Act .
The Administrative Court – Sofia City ruled in favor of Venkova and ordered the Borisov administration to disclose the requested information .
In its judgment , the court stated that information regarding the Prime Minister ’s official trips was public information under the APIA , and the public had the right to access it .
Venkova and AIP also appealed the administration ’s “ silent denial ” of copies of the memos regarding the official trips .
Eventually , Borisov ’s Office granted access to memos for all official trips abroad –- information that had not originally been requested , but none - the - less included the names of all officials which accompanied the Prime Minister .
Borisov ’s Office again did not release information about the trips ’ expenses .
In the spring of 2010 , Venkova filed another request to the National Protection Service for information about Borisov ’s expenses , as he had allegedly used the NPS ’s cars .
The NPS denied access to the information on the grounds of national security .
On April 29 , at a press conference , AIP lawyer , Kiril Terziiski gave a statement , implying that this denial would also be litigated , because the Bulgarian public had the right to know the amount their Prime Minister was spending on travel .
“ We will most likely challenge that denial in court , as the cars of the NPS do not run with spring water – someone is paying for the gas , ” he stated .
Despite this refusal to release travel expenses , Borisov ’s Cabinet had made some previous attempts to provide greater transparency to the public .
In July 2009 , it made its internal information system accessible online to the public .
Minutes , protocols , and decisions can now be accessed on the web .
Because of these advances , AIP recognized the Borisov ’s office at the 28 September 2009 Right to Know Day Awards Ceremony .
Despite this early enthusiasm , the administration ’s commitment to FOI - as evidenced by the refusal to release information related to Borisov ’s trips - appears to be dwindling .
Indeed , if the Prime Minister has paid for official trips from his own pocket , Bulgarian taxpayers cannot inquire about the amount spent .
However , its doubtful that the Prime Minister can afford his frequent visits to Brussels , his border - crisis helicopter flights to Greece , and his numerous public appearances throughout Bulgaria .
Recently , the Commander of the Government Air Squad stated that the price of one one - hour flight is about 8,500 Euro .
Bulgarians liken the burly Borisov to Sylvester Stallone and Chuck Norris .
But if he can truly afford to pay for his numerous trips at home and abroad with his own funds , perhaps a better comparison is Bill Gates .
If , however , the government is in fact paying for Borisov ’s travels , then the Bulgarian people have a right to know the cost .
But months later , when he began losing weight and the guardians authorized a feeding tube , his wife strenuously objected .
She cited his living will , which explicitly barred tubes and other artificial life - prolonging measures .
“ What happened to , ‘ First , do no harm ’ ? ” she wrote angrily to one doctor .
Mr. Llewellyn finally succumbed to his illnesses on April 7 and was buried at a cemetery in Valhalla , N.Y. , in a hillside plot that he and his wife had selected and that now bears a monument they had designed .
But in recent years , just about every other decision about Mr. Llewellyn ’s life evolved into an epic battle of wills .
On one side was his wife , Shahara Ahmad - Llewellyn , a society fixture with her own coterie of powerful friends ; on the other , his three friends , who pursued what they understood to be Mr. Llewellyn ’s wishes as his mounting medical problems took their toll .
For families across the country , the loss of mental acuity raises difficult questions about when people should be forced to relinquish control of their lives .
How that is done , and who gets authority over someone else ’s fate , can embroil families and friends in intractable disputes that sometimes end up in court .
The Llewellyn case , as shown through interviews and court records unsealed at the request of The New York Times , serves as a primer on the myriad complications that can occur when a person , in this case a once - powerful and influential person , loses the ability to fully articulate his needs .
Factors like money or marital discord — there were both in the Llewellyn case — further complicate the issue .
Tools like living wills that are supposed to provide clarity often do not .
Wishes evolve , documents age , and even one ’s state of mind can be a source of bitter dispute .
The Brooke Astor case gave ample evidence of the ugliness that can erupt when questions are raised about whether a document represents the true interests of the person who signed it .
Israel supporters launch pre-emptive strike on the U.N .
The White House is pushing back hard against a claim by Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol that the administration is preparing to support an independent U.N. investigation into the Gaza flotilla incident .
Kristol , writing on the Weekly Standard blog , claimed he had heard , " the administration intends to support an effort next week at the United Nations to set up an independent commission , under UN auspices , to investigate Israel ’s behavior in the Gaza flotilla incident . "
The White House quickly and sharply denied that account .
A White House official told multiple reporters , " We ’ve said from the beginning that we support an Israeli - led investigation into the flotilla incident that is prompt , credible , impartial , and transparent .
We are open to different ways of ensuring the credibility of this Israeli - led investigation , including international participation . "
The official also said , " We know of no resolution that will be debated at the U.N. on the flotilla investigation next week . "
Kristol ’s allegation , and the White House ’s rebuttal of it , is further illustration of the ongoing tension between some in the pro-Israel advocacy community and the administration over how strongly and aggressively to defend Israel in the international arena .
While it ’s true there is no specific resolution expected , sources close to the issue say , what pro-Israel leaders like Kristol are worried about are continuing calls for tougher measures against Israel , such as the vote in the Human Rights Council , and whether or not the administration will really oppose them with vigor .
That point is made clearly in the first line of a letter addressed to the president that is currently being finalized by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-NV , and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R- KY .
In a rare show of bipartisan comity , the two Senate leaders are calling on Obama not just to oppose new efforts to isolate Israel at the U.N. , but to openly declare America ’s support for the Jewish state .
" We write to affirm our support for our strategic partnership with Israel , and encourage you to continue to do so before international organizations such as the United Nations , " the letter reads .
Commending the administration for working to craft a presidential statement by the U.N. Security Council that did n’t call for an international investigation in the first place , the senators asked him not to support any new ones .
" Israel has announced its intention to promptly carry out a thorough investigation of this incident
and has the right to determine how its investigation is conducted , " they wrote .
" In the meantime , we ask you to stand firm in the future at the United Nations Security Council and to use your veto power , if necessary , to prevent any similar biased or one - sided resolutions from passing . "
WHAT’S the key to success in the United States ?
Short of becoming a reality TV star , the answer is rote and , some would argue , rather knee - jerk : Earn a college degree .
The idea that four years of higher education will translate into a better job , higher earnings and a happier life — a refrain sure to be repeated this month at graduation ceremonies across the country — has been pounded into the heads of schoolchildren , parents and educators .
But there ’s an underside to that conventional wisdom .
Perhaps no more than half of those who began a four - year bachelor ’s degree program in the fall of 2006 will get that degree within six years , according to the latest projections from the Department of Education .
( The figures do n’t include transfer students , who are n’t tracked . )
For college students who ranked among the bottom quarter of their high school classes , the numbers are even more stark : 80 percent will probably never get a bachelor ’s degree or even a two - year associate ’s degree .
That can be a lot of tuition to pay , without a degree to show for it .
A small but influential group of economists and educators is pushing another pathway : for some students , no college at all .
It ’s time , they say , to develop credible alternatives for students unlikely to be successful pursuing a higher degree , or who may not be ready to do so .
A new bundle of joy might bring the blues to more than mama .
A significant number of fathers — about 10 percent — experience prenatal or postpartum depression , according to a new analysis published in the current edition of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
“ There is a clear and consistent link between father 's depression and mother 's depression , ” said lead study author James F. Paulson , a clinical psychologist and researcher at the Eastern Virginia Medical School in Norfolk .
Among the other conclusions : Depressive symptoms in either parent could trigger more severe illness in the other .
“ We do n't know if dad 's depression comes first or if there 's some other factor , such as colic , crying or the child 's health problems that may affect both parents and expose them to increased risk of depression , ” Paulson said .
The percentage of new dads with depression was the highest among those with 3 - to 6 - month - old babies , the researchers found .
Maternal malady
Baby - related depression is viewed as a disorder of motherhood , with hormonal changes in women often considered the sole or primary cause .
It 's been widely concluded that children tend to suffer in a number of ways when new mothers experience everything from baby blues to mental health illnesses including depression , postpartum psychosis and postpartum obsessive compulsive disorder .
Much less is known about how “ daddy depression ” might influence the mother 's mental health or outcomes for children .
Along with other researchers , Paulson examined 43 studies involving 28,000 participants .
They found that U.S. fathers had a higher rate of depression — 14 percent — versus 8 percent for dads abroad .
New and expectant dads in the United States had depression at twice the rate of the general male population .
The findings are published in a special JAMA edition focusing on mental health .
“ This article is really extraordinary because it highlights that this is a real issue that nobody 's been paying attention to , ” said Dr. Lucy Puryear , a Houston psychiatrist who focuses on women 's reproductive mental health .
She 's among the best - known Houston experts on postpartum depression , but she says she has treated few male patients .
In 15 years , Puryear said , her only case was a father diagnosed with postpartum obsessive compulsive disorder who had “ horrifying intrusive thoughts ” that he was going to drop the baby down the stairs .
“ Having a baby is a great psychological transition that can bring great joy and great stress for some people that can transform into depression , ” Puryear said .
“ Excessive worry gets turned up way too high and it gets out of control and becomes an illness . ”
Puryear , also an assistant professor at Baylor College of Medicine and the president - elect of Postpartum Support International , a nonprofit organization whose mission is to promote awareness , prevention and treatment of mental health issues related to childbearing .
said she found the correlation between postpartum depression in mothers and the likelihood for fathers particularly interesting .
‘ Whole burden '
“ They feel very alone and isolated when their wife is ill and they 're worried about the child , ” she said .
“ The whole burden is on him and it makes sense to me that a man whose wife has postpartum depression is more vulnerable to having depression himself . ”
Houston family therapist Sherry Duson recalled a first - time father in his mid-40s who suddenly felt “ super - stressed - out ” at work because of the recent financial meltdown — her lone male case of baby - related depression in the last few years .
“ Most men do n't want to come forward and even talk about it , ” she said .
There 's a social stigma attached to seeking help , too .
Sometimes , tag - along dads will pipe up during their wives ' postpartum depression support groups and “ a lot of times they 're talking about their own stress , not just their wives ' , ” Duson said .
Paulson suggests that local practitioners create ways to screen fathers for depression , though he admits that 's difficult when dads are less present at prenatal and well baby appointments .
He said his next research endeavor involves exploring what 's happening in a new baby 's family when both parents are depressed .
cindy.george@chron.com
In the introduction to his book , Outwitting Squirrels , Bill Adler recounts attaching a suction - cup - mounted bird feeder to the window of his apartment .
The next day he was treated to a colorful spectacle of " beautiful birds with beautiful songs coming to my window every handful of seconds . "
In a single day he saw a " sunset - red cardinal , two doves , a couple of finches , a chickadee , a tufted titmouse , a warbler , a junco , and a white - breasted nuthatch . "
But shortly afterwards , " something happened that changed my world forever .
It inspired a quest that has been driving me for nearly two year ; the same quest that motivates eighty million other Americans .
That February afternoon , I returned from an errand , opened my door and saw a squirrel in my feeder .
My birdfeeder !
The whole squirrel — tail and everything — was inside the feeder , a rectangular lucite compartment attached to my window with suction cups .
Nothing has been the same since . "
Adler then goes on to describe his various and increasingly desperate attempts to keep squirrels from raiding his birdfeeder .
He " stood guard " over the feeder , banging the window whenever the squirrel approached , but the animal soon learned to ignore the noise and eat the seeds anyway .
He tried opening the window and screaming at the squirrel , which worked , but as soon as Adler walked away the squirrel seized the opportunity and returned .
Determined to outwit the squirrel , Adler studied its behavior .
He noticed that the squirrel had to climb a brick wall to get to the feeder .
Adler went to the hardware store to buy a can of liquid Teflon .
" With the glee of a sixteen - year - old on prom night , I coated the walls around and below the air conditioner [ which the squirrel jumped from to land on the bird feeder ] with a visible film of Teflon . "
The stratagem worked : " The first squirrel that leapt onto the Teflon - coated brick was as surprised as I was overjoyed .
The moment his claws caught the Teflon - coated surface he scrambled furiously to keep hold , his little legs moving rapidly in circles , as if he were being chased by a cat .
It was a fun , funny , fantastic sight . "
The Teflon worked , until it rained , and Adler was back to square one .
He described a number of other methods he employed in his attempt to outwit the enemy ( which soon gained his grudging respect as a highly intelligent , resourceful combatant ) but the squirrel outsmarted him every time .
I tried reading parts of the book out loud to my wife , but I was laughing so hard I could n't talk .
I just handed the book to her and managed to squeak , " Read it . "
Eventually the human won over the squirrel , and the rest of the book is devoted to descriptions of various squirrel - foiling contraptions and their efficacy .
Outwitting Squirrels : 101 Cunning Stratagems to Reduce Dramatically the Egregious Misappropriation of Seed from Your Birdfeeder by Squirrels
If you need a lawyer but are unsure who you can trust , it ’s time to make the call to Daniels & Taylor , P.C. Since 1994 , our firm has provided aggressive , persistent , and results - driven legal services to individuals and families throughout the region .
Our Gwinnett County lawyers are guided by family values and a genuine passion for serving others .
We practice in several areas of the law – including family law , divorce , and criminal defense – to help people facing a wide range of legal dilemmas .
Call us " old school , " but we believe that honesty , integrity , and professionalism still mean something .
In fact , these are the trademarks of our firm .
Over the past two decades , Daniels & Taylor , P.C. has built a reputation for dedication and diligence .
We know that the right approach to a case can make all the difference in the outcome .
That ’s why we handle cases with aggression when required and diplomacy when appropriate .
When you retain Daniels & Taylor , P.C. , you can rest assured that we will remain dedicated to protecting both your rights and your best interests .
Get started on your case with a free office consultation .
Contact us at ( 770 ) 285-1673 to schedule yours .
Penumbra Overture : After receiving a letter from his estranged father , a man he thought dead , Philip heads to Greenland to discover just who… or what … sent the letter
Penumbra Black Plague : Trapped deep within the Greenland underground complex known as The Shelter , Philip must continue his search for his father as he fights to maintain his sanity
Requiem Expansion Pack :
As Philip falls deeper into madness , he must keep his wits about him if he will ever be able to discover the origins behind his father ’s letter
Cutting - edge game engine featuring modern 3D and physics technologies
Smoke Trails and Nuclear Tests
By Carey Sublette
Last changed 18 June 2002
Trinity between 90 and 109 milliseconds ,
showing optical refraction at the shock front .
Click for larger view ( 190 k ) .
The question I get asked most frequently about this web site is " What are those funny lines in those pictures of nuclear tests " ?
This page explains what those lines are , and why they are there .
In the first milliseconds after a nuclear explosion in the atmosphere , the rapidly growing fireball and shock wave of the explosion are one and the same .
The surface of the expanding fireball is in fact the front of the shock wave .
Once the fireball cools to 300,000 degrees C ( which is 15 milliseconds after detonation for a 20 kt explosion ) , the shock front and the fireball separate - a phenomenon called " breakaway " .
After that moment the shock front quickly becomes invisible as it loses strength and can no longer make air incandescent through compression heating .
This makes it difficult to record the progress of the shock front .
Shock pressure gauges can be used , but they are difficult to deploy anywhere but near the ground where interactions between the shock wave and the surface complicate their interpretation .
A solution to this problem was suggested by a serendipitous observation in the very first nuclear test , the Trinity shot on 16 July 1945 ( see at left ) .
Berlyn Brixner photographed the cable of barrage balloon ( the vertical white line at the left edge of the picture ) behind the fireball which was visible due to the smoke from the vaporizing cable .
As the shock front passed in front of the cable , which was in the background , an apparent break appeared in the cable - an optical illusion caused by refraction of light by the compressed air behind the shock front .
The arrow in the second and third pictures shows the movement of this break , which coincides with the location of the shock front .
Several years later this phenomenon was put to use with the aid of smoke rockets launched from the ground seconds before the detonation .
This created an vertical array of reference lines against which the progress of the shock front could be photographed .
Not that it is not the actual direct interaction of the blast wave colliding with the smoke that is involved here .
The earliest picture I have in which the smoke rocket trails are visible is " Tumbler - Snapper Able on 1 April 1952 .
Tumbler Able ( 40 K )
Frank H. Shelton provides an account of this technique of nuclear test observation in the Upshot - Knothole Annie on 17 March 1953 :
My attention was drawn to the role and functions of the Naval Ordnance Laboratory 's rocket generated smoke trails that formed a vertical grid behind the burst point .
Everett ( Everett Cox - CS ) explained to me that Greg Hartmann 's NOL staff , in conjunction with the EG&G photography team , used the smoke trails to record the shock front as a function of space and time , from which they could calculate the shock velocity , which in turn , with the Rankine - Hugoniot conditions , gave the shock overpressure versus space around the burst .
" Are n't the smoke trials way in back of the detonation ? " I queried .
" And they did n;t appear to have beeen hot by the blast until quite late . ? "
" Thant 's right , " Cox elaborated , " the high density air immediately behind the shock front causes a refraction break in the apparent position of the smoke trails . "
I see , that 's neat . "
" If you want to define the shock front conditions , however , " I continued , " could n't you also define the shock conditions on the interior of the blast wave by observing the compression of the smoke and also measuring the particle velocity ? "
" I guess so , " responded Everett , but it sound pretty complicated to me . "
Shelton , Frank H. 1988 .
Reflections of a Nuclear Weaponeer .
Shelton Enterprise Inc. pp. 6 -13 to 6 -14 .
Shelton goes on to relate that he did attempt to measure the shock wave in the Teapot HA test using the actual displacement of smoke puffs by the passage of the shock , but without much success .
Another Upshot - Knothole shot , Climax , showing smoke trails .
Upshot - Knothole Climax
Pick 651x519 ( 109 K ) size , or 288x225 ( 21 K ) size .
Home Photography Hikes The Journal of Irreproducible Results
¥ @ ?
Utilizing Infinite Loops to Compute an Approximate Value of Infinity
Jim Stanfield , co-founder , The Institute for Further Research
The concept of infinity has intrigued mathematicians for millennia .
Cantor made some progress towards a value with his Aleph null and Aleph one , etc , but this thought - to - be inapproachable quantity remains the holy grail of mathematicians seeking a Fields medal ( there is no Nobel prize in math ) .
But now , with the advent of powerful computers , the author thinks there may be a way of arriving at , if not the exact value , at least an approximate value of infinity .
Programming in Basic , on a Commodore 64 , a simple infinite loop was set to iteratively increment a variable by one .
The initial run of Infinite Loop v1.0 was unsuccessful .
After running for three days with not and end in sight , the author realized that some test of the variable was needed to determine if it was , indeed , approaching an approximation of infinity .
The author was unable to devise such a test .
Also , my son wanted the computer back so he could play Pong .
In a rare mood of cooperation , my colleague and co-founder of the Institute agreed to extend the use of his newly acquired and much more powerful computer , the Commodore 128 .
He also suggested that I rewrite the code to increment the variable by one million instead of one .
This computational trick , together with the more powerful computer , meant that I would be able to arrive at an approximation a million times faster !
The author was still plagued by the problem that I still did n’t have a suitable test of the incremented variable , which would terminate the infinite loop and spit out the desired approximation .
This time , the author decided to go on the supposition that I may not know where infinity was , but that I would know it when I got there .
This meant periodically checking in on the computer and manually observing its progress .
After running the program , dubbed Infinite Loop v9.0 , for almost seven days , my colleague announced that he wanted his computer back so he could play Sargon on it .
Rats !
My scientific endeavor thwarted again on the personal whim of a short - sighted colleague .
But I digress .
But just to give you an idea of the closed - minded , shortsightedness that still persists in science , when I mentioned what I was trying to do , one of my colleagues , a mathematician ( he is a high school algebra teacher who took a few summer school courses at Harvard ) actually laughed in my face and then imperiously proclaimed , “ Sir that just can not be done ! ” I had to remind myself that they also laughed at Emmett Kelly .
Through an inter-Institute agreement1 , the use of a state of the art desktop computer running the ‘ popular ’ operating system was secured .
Programming in visual basic , the author was able to spiff up Infinite Loop v23.6 with a progress bar at the bottom of the screen .
At this point the flying toaster screen saver was thought to be redundant and was removed from the code .
Further research of the mathematical literature on the topic led me to what I thought might be a fertile area of exploration : convergent and divergent infinite series .
One of the big , big problems with this approach is that for some functions , such as pi , the series converges .
A reasonably close answer to this type of function can be obtained by calculating a small number of terms .
Values to these functions can be obtained to any arbitrary degree of precision by simply evaluating more terms in the series .
But with divergent functions such as infinity … so tired , that ’s irrelevant -- they just seem to go on and on and never settle in on a value .
What I need is a convergent - divergent infinite series that keeps on going then stops when it gets there .
Boy , thinking about this has given me such a headache .
I think I ’ll take a couple of extra strength placebos and wash them down with a can or three of caffeine free diet Jolt .
That should keep me awake for a while longer .
People criticize Al Gore for claiming to have invented the ‘ Information Superhighway ’ but we do owe him a debt of gratitude for inventing one of the most important concepts in all of computing , the Algorithm .
But again , I digress .
Where was I ?
Oh , yes .
The really big number goes on the top and the really small number goes on the bottom .
That ought to do it .
This together with the reprogramming of Infinite Loop v34.2 to increment the variable by a googolplex ( 10 ** googol ) might finally achieve the desired result .
The author is currently writing a grant proposal to the NSF requesting sufficient funds ( plus a small additional sum for incidental expenses , wink , wink ) to buy time on a Cray super computer .
1 . The author will be mowing the lawn at the public library next weekend .
Home Photography Hikes The Journal of Irreproducible Results
Sherif Emil , MD , CM
The University of California , Irvine
School of Medicine
June 5 , 2010
It is a profound honor for me to be here today at UCI to partake in the commencement ceremonies of a group of individuals who are destined to become 104 of the best doctors in America .
My presence at this podium today is the most significant event in my medical and surgical career spanning two decades .
It is so significant because the invitation to join you today came from a very special group of medical students , students whom I admire immensely , students who are my pride and joy , students who give me true hope in the future of medicine in this great country of ours , hope that American medicine ’s best days are still ahead , that its most lasting accomplishments are still to be realized , that one day the best health care in the world will be available to all our citizens without regard to financial means , personal circumstances , or status in society .
Although I left UCI in 2008 and moved to a distinctly less pleasant climate ( Canada ) , UCI has never left me .
My career in pediatric surgery began and matured at this university .
I had wonderful mentors , and superb colleagues .
****
Finally , please , please stay involved in issues of health care policy .
If you think we have passed health care reform , and can now rest easy , think again .
We have not passed health care reform .
We have only passed some health care expansion .
It is too early to judge the effects of what just occurred , but it is not too early to be certain that much work still lies ahead .
Make your voice heard in the national debate that started in your senior year , and will almost certainly rage on .
It was interesting for me , as an American physician practicing in Canada , to see the recent negative depictions of the Canadian system in TV ads and lay media , depictions that bore absolutely no resemblance to the actual environment in which I practice daily .
My reality is very different .
I can see any patient and any patient can see me – total freedom of practice .
My patients ’ parents have peace of mind regarding their children ’s health .
If they change jobs or lose their job altogether in a bad economy , their children will still get the same care and see the same physicians .
Micromanagement of daily practice has become a thing of the past for me .
There are no contracts , authorizations , denials , appeals , reviews , forms to complete , IPA ’s , HMO ’s , or PPO’s .
Our Division ’s billing overhead is 1 % .
My relationship with the hospital administration is defined by professional , not financial , standards .
I have no allegiance to any corporate or government entity , nor does one ever get in between me and the patient .
This environment , which some denigrate as the ever so scary system of “ socialized medicine ” allows for more patient autonomy and choice than was available to most of my patients in California .
That is not at all to say that I practice in a medical utopia .
There is no perfect health care system .
The Canadian system has its own set of difficulties , challenges , and shortcomings , and Canadians are also looking to significantly reform their system .
But as physicians , we have to enter the debate and we have to enter it objectively , salvaging it from the bias , misrepresentation , and demagoguery that has characterized it .
Health care should not be a liberal or conservative issue , for disease , disability , and death do not recognize political affiliations .
As a socially conservative Christian myself , my belief that health care is a fundamental human right , and my efforts on behalf of single payer universal health coverage stem from my faith , and not despite it .
My faith calls for personal morality , but also for societal morality – how do we treat the sick amongst us , the weak amongst us , the least amongst us ?
Sherif Emil , MD , CM
http://www.thechildren.com/documents/medias-emil-bio.pdf
Comment :
By Don McCanne , Md
The students know .
They brought Sherif Emil back from Canada to give them their commencement address .
The future of health care in America is in good hands .
NEW ORLEANS ( The Skunk.org ) —
In a television commercial to be aired later this week , BP CEO Tony Hayward reassures the American people that his corporate compensation package will not be affected “ in any way ” by the oil spill .
NEW ORLEANS ( The Skunk.com ) —
In a television commercial to be aired later this week , BP CEO Tony Hayward reassures the American people that his corporate compensation package will not be affected “ in any way ” by the oil spill .
During the 60 - second spot , Hayward offers a message of hope directly to the citizens of the Gulf region , informing them that he will continue to receive his normal pay , adjusted for inflation , “ plus bonuses and stock options . ”
“ I implore you not to worry about me or my personal financial situation , ” he says .
“ I will get through this just fine . ”
The ad shows a montage of Hayward participating in a variety of activities , including sailing aboard his luxury yacht , having tea with Queen Elizabeth , enjoying a massage inside his private jet , and pissing in a Louisiana bayou .
“ At BP , we believe that mistakes happen , ” says Hayward in voiceover , “ and it takes well - paid , highly experienced corporate leadership to mitigate loss , assign blame and forge ahead to the next one . ”
Hayward expresses compassion for those affected by the destruction to the environment and collapse of the local economies caused by his company .
“ Throughout your suffering and anguish , ” he declares , “ you can take comfort in knowing that nothing will have changed for me or my colleagues ; we wo n’t be losing our jobs , our homes or our way of life . ”
At the end of the commercial , Hayward looks into the camera , addressing the viewers in a sincere and heartfelt manner .
“ The oil spill is a catastrophe unmatched in human history , ” he notes , “ but because of the sacrifices , determination and spirit of the people of the Gulf Coast , BP will continue generating huge revenues , thus ensuring the entire management team and I will continue to enjoy the lifestyles to which we have become accustomed . ”
“ Nevertheless , ” he adds , “ I thank you for your concern . ”
is a designer and writer who makes video games .
He has worked on a variety of games and stuff you 've heard of like Battlefield , Lord of the Rings , Stargate , Ultima , etc .
He is currently at a start - up and is largely powered by coffee .
Courtesy of Calculated Risk here are a pair of articles , one from Krugman and another from Greenspan on the limits of debt .
That ’30s Feeling
Paul Krugman has That ’30s Feeling
Suddenly , creating jobs is out , inflicting pain is in .
Condemning deficits and refusing to help a still - struggling economy has become the new fashion everywhere , including the United States , where 52 senators voted against extending aid to the unemployed despite the highest rate of long - term joblessness since the 1930s .
Many economists , myself included , regard this turn to austerity as a huge mistake .
It raises memories of 1937 , when F.D.R. ’s premature attempt to balance the budget helped plunge a recovering economy back into severe recession .
And here in Germany , a few scholars see parallels to the policies of Heinrich Brüning , the chancellor from 1930 to 1932 , whose devotion to financial orthodoxy ended up sealing the doom of the Weimar Republic .
But despite these warnings , the deficit hawks are prevailing in most places — and nowhere more than here , where the government has pledged 80 billion euros , almost $ 100 billion , in tax increases and spending cuts even though the economy continues to operate far below capacity .
What ’s the economic logic behind the government ’s moves ?
The answer , as far as I can tell , is that there is n’t any .
....
How bad will it be ?
Will it really be 1937 all over again ?
I do n’t know .
What I do know is that economic policy around the world has taken a major wrong turn , and that the odds of a prolonged slump are rising by the day .
U.S. Debt and the Greece Analogy
An urgency to rein in budget deficits seems to be gaining some traction among American lawmakers .
If so , it is none too soon .
Perceptions of a large U.S. borrowing capacity are misleading .
Despite the surge in federal debt to the public during the past 18 months — to $ 8.6 trillion from $ 5.5 trillion — inflation and long - term interest rates , the typical symptoms of fiscal excess , have remained remarkably subdued .
This is regrettable , because it is fostering a sense of complacency that can have dire consequences .
How much borrowing leeway at current interest rates remains for U.S. Treasury financing is highly uncertain .
We cannot grow out of these fiscal pressures .
The modest - sized post - baby - boom labor force , if history is any guide , will not be able to consistently increase output per hour by more than 3 % annually .
The product of a slowly growing labor force and limited productivity growth will not provide the real resources necessary to meet existing commitments .
Only politically toxic cuts or rationing of medical care , a marked rise in the eligible age for health and retirement benefits , or significant inflation , can close the deficit .
I rule out large tax increases that would sap economic growth ( and the tax base ) and accordingly achieve little added revenues .
It is little comfort that the dollar is still the least worst of the major fiat currencies .
But the inexorable rise in the price of gold indicates a large number of investors are seeking a safe haven beyond fiat currencies .
The United States , and most of the rest of the developed world , is in need of a tectonic shift in fiscal policy .
Incremental change will not be adequate .
I do not believe that our lawmakers or others are aware of the degree of impairment of our fiscal brakes .
If we contained the amount of issuance of Treasury securities , pressures on private capital markets would be eased .
Fortunately , the very severity of the pending crisis and growing analogies to Greece set the stage for a serious response .
That response needs to recognize that the range of error of long - term U.S. budget forecasts ( especially of Medicare ) is , in historic perspective , exceptionally wide .
Our economy cannot afford a major mistake in underestimating the corrosive momentum of this fiscal crisis .
Our policy focus must therefore err significantly on the side of restraint .
Calculated Risk Weighs in with Krugman
I believe Greenspan is flat wrong - just as he was in 2001 when he Greenspan spoke of 'an on - budget surplus of almost $ 500 billion ... in fiscal year 2010 ' .
I believe the focus right now needs to be on jobs , jobs and jobs .
I Side with Greenspan
I believe the fears of budget contraction inducing a renewed decline of economic activity are misplaced .
The current spending momentum is so pressing that it is highly unlikely that any politically feasible fiscal constraint will unleash new deflationary forces .
Let 's Play a Little Game of Q&A
Challenge to Krugman and Calculated Risk
Fix the Structural Problems
all cats are like collecters , and also like reapers , harvesting birds , mice and more but i think thes cat is the harbingers of them !
at night my cats eyes are read ........... maybe he assumed controll of her ......
The clean - up still has a long way to go ( Image : John Moore / Getty )
Doug Inkley , senior scientist with the National Wildlife Federation , has spent the past week surveying the oil spill from the wrecked Deepwater Horizon rig in the Gulf of Mexico by airplane and boat , and on islands where oil has come ashore .
He tells New Scientist how the experience has left him frustrated and angry that clean - up efforts are not as widespread or effective as he ’d been led to believe .
What does the situation on the ground look like ?
I expected to see the area teeming with people .
In the three days I spent in the air , I only saw one skimmer boat .
Yesterday I saw an island protected by booms , but booms are a last resort and very difficult to make effective : 90 per cent of the oil I saw had got passed them .
Advertisement
During a boat survey 15 kilometres from the shore we came across a thick patch of oil .
It was half an inch thick and looked like fresh crude straight out of the barrel .
There were thousands of dead jellyfish , and a shark that was obviously in distress swimming in circles through the oil .
The thing that bothers me is these are the nation ’s waters .
What amazes me is that the worst of the oil we saw was 80 kilometres from the spill site .
What about the unseen impacts ?
The real issue here is under water , where it ’s hard for the public to see the impact and just as hard for the scientists to assess the damage .
We have an endangered sperm whale population in the Gulf and their most active area is right at the mouth of the Mississippi where the sea floor drops off – and that ’s exactly where the oil spill is .
Do you feel BP is doing everything it can to clean up the spill ?
We have been very , very frustrated with BP ’s unwillingness to be transparent about the process .
The size of the spill has been underestimated , and the company is still refusing to release the exact make - up of chemical dispersants it is using .
The American public is upset by this spill .
Now our upset is turning to anger because the public believe they are being lied to .
We want to be told what ’s going on , even if it ’s bad news .
That ’s my sense at least .
Bristol Palin to hit the paid lecture circuit , speaking about teen pregnancy
Bristol Palin ( Eric Thayer / Reuters ) Bristol Palin is taking her burgeoning career as a do n't - be - a - teen - mom - like - me advocate to the next level by hitting the lecture circuit .
Thomas Van Flein , an attorney for the Palin family , told the Associated Press that the 19 - year - old has signed with a firm called Single Source Speakers and is expected to earn between $ 15,000 and $ 30,000 per speaking gig .
( Her mom is commanding roughly $ 100,000 a speech these days . )
That kind of cash should do a lot to supplement her current income , working in an Anchorage doctor 's office - but it 's hardly the younger Palin 's first foray into the business of advocacy .
A year ago - just months after giving birth to son Tripp - she began a series of interviews and public appearances on behalf of the Candie 's Foundation ( prompting her to set up a public relations / lobbying firm in her own name ) .
This summer , she 'll make her acting debut playing herself in a teen pregnancy - theme episode of ABC Family 's " The Secret Life of the American Teenager . "
By The Reliable Source | May 18 , 2010 ; 10:30 AM ET
Categories : This Just In ...
Save & Share : Previous : The White House State Dinner for Mexico :
Too many cooks in the kitchen ?
Next : Tareq and Michaele Salahi : White House should have been " gracious " to state dinner crashers
Posted by : sasha2008 | May 18 , 2010 11:15 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : pkbishop1 | May 18 , 2010 11:22 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : cms1 | May 18 , 2010 11:27 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : FauxReal | May 18 , 2010 11:27 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ephetsgma | May 18 , 2010 11:34 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : racerdoc | May 18 , 2010 12:18 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : West3 | May 18 , 2010 12:35 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Tourist | May 18 , 2010 12:41 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : kurthunt | May 18 , 2010 12:53 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : greenmansf | May 18 , 2010 12:54 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : jimccc | May 18 , 2010 12:56 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : jckdoors | May 18 , 2010 1:01 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : sassafrasnewport | May 18 , 2010 1:10 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : lindalovejones | May 18 , 2010 1:12 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : RambleOn | May 18 , 2010 1:13 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ccdcnative | May 18 , 2010 1:16 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : jb777 | May 18 , 2010 1:17 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : oknow1 | May 18 , 2010 1:18 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : qballgeek | May 18 , 2010 1:21 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : thebobbob | May 18 , 2010 1:22 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : HerLao | May 18 , 2010 1:22 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : access11 | May 18 , 2010 1:23 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : charlietuna666 | May 18 , 2010 1:28 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : adrienne_najjar | May 18 , 2010 1:28 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : HerLao | May 18 , 2010 1:35 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : asoders22 | May 18 , 2010 1:38 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : rcc_2000 | May 18 , 2010 1:45 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : hock1 | May 18 , 2010 1:48 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : pgr88 | May 18 , 2010 1:50 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : veronihilverius | May 18 , 2010 1:56 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : zipper5013 | May 18 , 2010 1:57 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : pirate1 | May 18 , 2010 2:00 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Gover | May 18 , 2010 2:01 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : dotisblessed | May 18 , 2010 2:02 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : LouisianaDoug | May 18 , 2010 2:05 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : LAWNMAN209 | May 18 , 2010 2:05 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : alfonsorfarina | May 18 , 2010 2:07 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : djah | May 18 , 2010 2:07 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : alfonsorfarina | May 18 , 2010 2:10 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : nall92 | May 18 , 2010 2:13 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : mitlen | May 18 , 2010 2:14 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : LAWNMAN209 | May 18 , 2010 2:16 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : rmk1122 | May 18 , 2010 2:16 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 2:17 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : koolkat_1960 | May 18 , 2010 2:18 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : koolkat_1960 | May 18 , 2010 2:20 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : whocares666 | May 18 , 2010 2:24 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : MarilynManson | May 18 , 2010 2:25 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : cashmere1 | May 18 , 2010 2:26 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : JamesChristian | May 18 , 2010 2:27 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : EnemyOfTheState | May 18 , 2010 2:29 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 2:30 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Beingsensible | May 18 , 2010 2:39 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : FilmMD | May 18 , 2010 2:39 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 2:40 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : elkofan | May 18 , 2010 2:45 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : gkam | May 18 , 2010 2:45 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : rose_la | May 18 , 2010 2:46 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : EnemyOfTheState | May 18 , 2010 2:46 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Beingsensible | May 18 , 2010 2:53 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Sirius2 | May 18 , 2010 2:54 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ZZim | May 18 , 2010 2:57 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : hamishdad | May 18 , 2010 3:15 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 3:25 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : rwanthouse | May 18 , 2010 3:27 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : smgess | May 18 , 2010 3:27 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Bcamp55 | May 18 , 2010 3:30 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : wise_pharaoh | May 18 , 2010 3:31 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : foxblues | May 18 , 2010 3:34 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ZZim | May 18 , 2010 3:34 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 3:35 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ZZim | May 18 , 2010 3:37 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ZZim | May 18 , 2010 3:43 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ZZim | May 18 , 2010 3:46 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ZZim | May 18 , 2010 3:47 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : gcash1 | May 18 , 2010 3:48 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 3:50 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 3:57 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ProudAKMom | May 18 , 2010 3:59 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : elkofan | May 18 , 2010 4:04 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ProudAKMom | May 18 , 2010 4:04 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 4:09 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : trisha4 | May 18 , 2010 4:11 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 4:15 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : MichaelOwen04 | May 18 , 2010 4:18 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : friedtoad | May 18 , 2010 4:19 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 4:21 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : trisha4 | May 18 , 2010 4:22 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : irishalaman | May 18 , 2010 4:25 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ZZim | May 18 , 2010 4:26 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : lindarc | May 18 , 2010 4:26 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : trisha4 | May 18 , 2010 4:29 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 4:30 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : nc1123 | May 18 , 2010 4:32 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ZZim | May 18 , 2010 4:32 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : plaza04433 | May 18 , 2010 4:32 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 4:34 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : anOPINIONATEDsob | May 18 , 2010 4:37 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : trisha4 | May 18 , 2010 4:38 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 4:40 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ZZim | May 18 , 2010 4:42 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 4:43 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : janeyre | May 18 , 2010 4:50 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : ZZim | May 18 , 2010 4:50 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 4:51 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 18 , 2010 4:54 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : cmsatown | May 18 , 2010 5:00 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : connorsgp | May 18 , 2010 5:00 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Tourist | May 18 , 2010 5:04 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ZZim | May 18 , 2010 5:06 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Bobby B1 | May 18 , 2010 5:22 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : jade_7243 | May 18 , 2010 5:34 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : tenfortynineAM | May 18 , 2010 5:41 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Koko3 | May 18 , 2010 6:15 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : nlwa | May 18 , 2010 6:26 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : whatdyousay | May 18 , 2010 6:32 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : cmcarpenter | May 18 , 2010 6:51 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : davidlhanegraaf | May 18 , 2010 7:33 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : clermontpc | May 18 , 2010 7:41 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : momof20yo | May 18 , 2010 7:44 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : kayjay503 | May 18 , 2010 7:59 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : jamieoie | May 18 , 2010 8:20 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : sallyworking2006 | May 18 , 2010 8:58 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : sallyworking2006 | May 18 , 2010 8:59 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : JamesPhilip | May 18 , 2010 9:22 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : koolkat_1960 | May 18 , 2010 9:29 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : farmnag | May 18 , 2010 9:49 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Azarkhan | May 18 , 2010 10:00 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : lcarter0311 | May 18 , 2010 10:06 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : lcarter0311 | May 18 , 2010 10:11 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ramrants | May 18 , 2010 10:24 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : spado | May 18 , 2010 11:10 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : j762 | May 18 , 2010 11:33 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : gsweeten | May 18 , 2010 11:41 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : stuartm650 | May 19 , 2010 12:06 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : RandyR1 | May 19 , 2010 12:20 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : SouthernCross1961 | May 19 , 2010 7:35 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : cashmere1 | May 19 , 2010 7:41 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Rick554 | May 19 , 2010 8:00 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 19 , 2010 8:46 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : sassafrasnewport | May 19 , 2010 9:53 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : kenek | May 19 , 2010 10:24 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : jlburr | May 19 , 2010 11:52 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : jlburr | May 19 , 2010 11:54 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Tommypie | May 19 , 2010 2:23 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : wendy o1 | May 19 , 2010 2:38 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Skowronek | May 19 , 2010 2:51 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : MarkFromOhio | May 21 , 2010 7:37 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : MarkFromOhio | May 21 , 2010 7:40 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Handsome19781 | May 23 , 2010 1:06 AM
| Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed .
June 3 - 4 , 2006
barcamp boston
June 6 , 2006
6 -6-6
June 7 , 2006
football ?
June 8 , 2006
free kick
June 9 , 2006
incoming !
June 10 , 2006
goooooooooooooooal !
June 12 , 2006 i
( all flags courtesy of famfamfam.com )
group a - costa rica
June 12 , 2006 ii
group a - ecuador
June 12 , 2006 iii
group a - germany
June 12 , 2006 iv
group a - poland
June 13 , 2006 i
group b - england
June 13 , 2006 ii
group b - paraguay
June 13 , 2006 iii
group b - sweden
June 13 , 2006 iv
group b - trinidad and tobago
June 14 , 2006 i
group c - argentina
June 14 , 2006 ii
group c - côte d'ivoire
June 14 , 2006 iii
group c - netherlands
June 14 , 2006 iv
group c - serbia and montenegro
June 15 , 2006 i
group d - angola
June 15 , 2006 ii
group d - iran
June 15 , 2006 iii
group d - mexico
June 15 , 2006 iv
group d - portugal
June 16 , 2006 i
group e - czech republic
June 16 , 2006 ii
group e - ghana
June 16 , 2006 iii
group e - italy
June 16 , 2006 iv
group e - usa
June 18 , 2006 i
group f - australia
June 18 , 2006 ii
group f - brazil
June 18 , 2006 iii
group f - croatia
June 18 , 2006 iv
group f - japan
June 19 , 2006 i
group g - france
June 19 , 2006 ii
group g - korea republic
June 19 , 2006 iii
group g - switzerland
June 19 , 2006 iv
group g - togo
June 20 , 2006 i
group h - saudi arabia
June 20 , 2006 ii
group h - spain
June 20 , 2006 iii
group h - tunisia
June 20 , 2006 iv
group h - ukraine
June 21 , 2006
reddit visits the big apple
June 22 , 2006
still recovering
June 26 , 2006
reddit makes friends
June 28 , 2006
first draft of reddit alien
June 29 , 2006
second draft of reddit alien
June 30 , 2006
third draft of reddit alien
July 1 , 2006
happy birthday , canada !
July 3 , 2006
dugg ?
July 4 , 2006
reddit , declaring independence
July 5 , 2006
better rtfm
July 9 , 2006
italia wins !
July 11 , 2006
tetris i
July 12 , 2006
tetris ii
July 13 , 2006
tetris iii
July 14 , 2006
tetris iv
July 15 , 2006
tetris v
July 16 - 17 , 2006
pax ?
July 18 , 2006
disney - approved alien for maximum cuteness
July 19 , 2006
navigate reddit ?
July 21 , 2006
hello ! my name is ?
July 22 , 2006
breadpig !
July 24 , 2006
blue wizard !
July 25 , 2006
slate.reddit
July 26 , 2006
recursion 101 ( gahhh ! )
August 6 , 2006
happy birthday , andy
August 18 , 2006
needs no explanation
August 21 , 2006
old school
August 26 , 2006
kiko sold on ebay ( our friends @ kiko requested this )
September 8 , 2006
spredd reddit voting
September 19 , 2006
talk like a pirate day
September 20 , 2006
stalk like a ninja
September 21 , 2006
real ultimate power
September 22 , 2006
fsm ftw !
September 23 , 2006
fall !
September 25 , 2006
beware , penguin
September 26 , 2006
spidey - sense tingling
September 27 , 2006
reddit yet , bub ?
September 28 , 2006
reddit - tastic 4
September 29 , 2006
remember , remember
October 4 , 2006
autumnal alien returns , with rake !
October 5 , 2006
belly flop !
October 6 , 2006
what a mess ...
October 9 , 2006
happy leif erikson day !
October 30 , 2006
carve the pumpkin
October 31 , 2006
trick or treat
night of October 31 , 2006
jack o' lantern
November 1 , 2006
smashed pumpkin
November 2 , 2006
wireded
December 1 , 2006
world aids day
December 5 , 2006
back from vacation
December 6 , 2006
tan lines
December 7 , 2006
shovel - it
December 8 , 2006
snowmen of horrors
December 11 , 2006
thanks for the memories , bill
December 12 , 2006
! tidder sdrawkcab
December 13 , 2006
there was something unsettling about that cow ...
December 14 , 2006
this modern reddit
December 15 , 2006
raptors do n't know fear
December 16 , 2006
* shudder * at least it 's for a good cause ...
December 17 , 2006
y combinator appreciation week
December 18 , 2006
gluing jams and rocking out
December 19 , 2006
which reddit logo do you like better ?
December 20 , 2006
take back your inbox
December 21 , 2006
rock beats scissors
December 22 , 2006
for when you can't just travel through time
December 23 , 2006
the squirrels are nice here ...
December 25 , 2006
what matters
December 31 , 2006
welcoming the new year
The £ 6 m ad that 's got Britain talking - and sobbing
Sometimes we forget just how short and precious our time on this planet really is .
It 's for this reason that John Lewis 's new television ad seems to have struck an uncharacteristic chord .
You wo n't find many people admitting to crying over the usual flood of formulaic adverts on our screens - yet this ' moving ' ad has got Britain talking - and sobbing into their breakfast bowls .
At 91 seconds long , and costing £ 6 million , the ad has been watched an incredible 100,000 times in the single week that it has been available on YouTube .
Scroll down to see the video
Life - cycle :
The £ 6 m ad for John Lewis shows infancy , a birthday party , a clumsy kiss in a university corridor , marriage , parenthood and the path into old age
The premise is simple - the life cycle of a woman from birth to old - age .
But like all classic ads - and this is surely destined to become one - this simplicity is where its strength lies .
The ad shows infancy , a girl 's birthday party , a clumsy kiss in a university corridor , marriage , pregnancy , parenthood and the path into old age .
It is similar to the stunning ' life - cycle ' sequence in the animated Pixar film Up , which moved many to tears .
Hit :
At 91 seconds long , and costing £ 6 million , the ad has been watched an incredible 100,000 times in the single week that it has been available on YouTube
Marketing technique :
The prop department only used products available to buy in store at John Lewis
THE NINE STAGES OF LIFE
Nine actresses were used for the central female character in the shoot , which was filmed at the end of March in London .
Between 20 and 30 auditioned for each stage of her life and a crew of 65 took part in the filming of the 90 - second ad .
That includes the prop department who selected the John Lewis items to ' product - place ' in each of the shots .
Its score is a reinterpretation of Billy Joel 's Always A Woman , performed by Fyfe Dangerfield , of the band Guillemots .
Dangerfield now plans to release the track on May 3 and it could be destined for the top of the charts .
Although some viewers may find it too sentimental , it 's actually a pretty modern picture of Britain .
There are matriarchal figures , multi-ethnic relationships and children among the expensive patio sets .
Its message is ' treasure life and your family ' .
But as one wag pointed out : why is the entire advert - which must span 70 years - set in a single era ?
Treasure life :
The entire advert which must span 70 years is however set in a single era
Steve Jobs , Apple CEO , is at WSJ ’s D8 Conference ( The Wall Street Journal ’s D : All Things Digital ) with Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher .
Here are highlights :
7:01 pm : What does the iPad mean for the publishing industry , Kara asks .
Is it the savior that some are touting it as ?
“ I do n’t want us to see us descend into a nation of bloggers , ” says Jobs .
“ I think we need editorial oversight now more than ever .
Anything we can do to help newspapers new ways of expression that will help them get paid , I am all for . ”
6:59 pm : Walt asks if Apple knew it would build a tablet before it built the iPhone .
Jobs : “ I ’ll tell you a secret .
It began with the tablet .
Jobs first charged his staff with developing a tablet , but after seeing their first efforts decided the way to go was a phone .
“ My God , I said , this would make a great phone … so we shelved the tablet and built the iPhone . ”
The conversation moves to talk of tablets .
Jobs notes that tablets had to be created from scratch .
They could n’t use a stylus and they could n’t use a PC OS .
6:44 PM Walt :
So let ’s talk about where things are headed .
You spent a lot of your career fighting a platform war with Microsoft .
They won though .
The Mac is making a comeback , but they dominate .
There are new platforms now , you ’ve done really well .
Smartphones , the beginning of this tablet thing .
6:45 PM Walt : Google is building lots of new platforms .
Chrome OS , Android .
And you ’ve got all these social platforms …
Facebook is a huge platform .
To Kara and I there ’s a platform war going on , do you see it like that ?
Steve : No .
6:45 PM Steve : And I never have .
We never saw ourselves in a platform war with MSFT , and maybe that ’s why we lost .
( big laughs )
Italy 's government is pushing a bill through parliament that would curb wiretapping , saying the measure is necessary to protect privacy .
But opposition politicians , magistrates and the media are deeply opposed to the bill , as Duncan Kennedy reports from Rome .
Image caption Critics say the law would act as a gag on matters of public interest
Privacy versus the right to know , the circle that few democracies square to the complete satisfaction of all their citizens .
Italy is the latest country to grapple with this conundrum .
Getting the right balance has been at the heart of the debate surrounding a new law before parliament .
The law is about wiretapping - where , why and when taps can be used , and who can benefit from them .
The ministry of justice says that in 2008 , the latest year for which figures are available , 124,326 phone taps were authorised .
The authoritative Max Planck Institute has calculated that in 2006 , 76 out of every 100,000 Italians had their phones tapped .
The next nearest European country was the Netherlands , with 62 out of every 100,000 , followed by Switzerland with 32 people out of every 100,000 .
Supporters of the wiretapping bill say that if you count all those with whom the people that have their phones tapped are speaking , millions of Italians have had their conversations listened to .
It all makes Italy the eavesdropping centre of Europe .
' Porno politics '
Led by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , the government argues that magistrates and prosecutors are ordering too many taps , and newspapers and other media are publishing too many of the results .
It has created what Mr Berlusconi has inelegantly called " porno politics " , where , he says , investigations and reputations are ruined long before any judge or jury has had a chance to deliberate .
Mr Berlusconi says the new law is about defending privacy " 100 % " .
But police , prosecutors , publishers and opposition parties all say it goes too far , as it would inhibit investigations and limit the media 's ability to report on matters of public interest .
In few other countries are they handed the contents of wiretap transcripts so routinely as they are here Giorgio Stracquadanio , Politician and journalist
The government says there are simply too many intercepts being sanctioned , and the penalties for leaking them are too weak .
" The magistrates are out of control , " says Giorgio Stracquadanio , a lower house member of parliament in Mr Berlusconi's People of Freedom party ( PdL ) .
" They are launching too many probes with little or no evidence of actual criminal wrongdoing . "
Though a journalist himself , he has this broadside for his fellow practitioners .
" Journalists in Italy are lazy .
In few other countries are they handed the contents of wiretap transcripts so routinely as they are here .
" It means they do n't do proper journalism , like making contacts with people . "
He notes that the Watergate scoop that brought down former US President Richard Nixon was not achieved through wiretaps .
Mr Stracquadanio acknowledges that there are other cases in Italy , including investigations against organised crime , where wiretaps have proved vital in helping magistrates do their work and journalists report on what was happening .
But he adds : " Most of what gets published is the gossip from intercepts , not the serious material . "
Jail for journalists
Mr Stracquadanio is a firm supporter of the new penalties being proposed for leaking the tapped material .
Magistrates would only be able to carry out intercepts for up to 75 days ( with a short extension possible on top of that ) , and not the 18 months or so that some investigations now last .
And publishers could face fines of up to 465,000 euros ( £ 384,000 ; $ 563,000 ) for reporting the content of wiretaps , while the journalists involved would risk jail .
Image caption Claudio Scajola resigned after an investigation based in part on wiretaps
Mr Berlusconi denies any personal interest in this affair , though he and his ministers have been the subject of wiretap inquiries themselves .
In a recent case , the industry minister , Claudio Scajola , resigned over allegations involving building contracts , after newspapers reported the contents of court documents that were , in part , based on wiretaps .
Newspapers have highlighted this as an example where it is in the public interest to publish , whilst government supporters say Mr Scajola has been driven from office before anything has been proved .
Opponents of the new law have assembled their own array of arguments .
One of Italy 's most important anti-Mafia magistrates , Piero Grasso , told the BBC that he had lobbied the government to amend the proposed law as it would , in his words , " diminish the ability " of the authorities to do their job , including fighting organised crime .
In its defence , the government has said the law will not affect serious crimes such as those concerning the Mafia and terrorism .
Does that mean we will have to wait a decade until cases get to court , before we can report on matters of public interest ?
Gianfrancesco Turano , Journalist
However , Gianfrancesco Turano , an investigative journalist from L'Espresso magazine , says that having fewer taps with more restrictions would be " devastating " , pointing to Italy 's notoriously slow judicial system .
" In Italy legal proceedings can take years , so does that mean we will have to wait a decade until cases get to court , before we can report on matters of public interest ? " he asks .
" Yes , there have been excesses by some newspapers , but this is how the system works in Italy , and to stop us getting access to the transcripts or intercepts would do harm to the freedom of the press . "
Magistrates and , to a lesser extent , journalists , recently won some support for their case from an unexpected quarter , the US government .
On a visit to Rome last month , US Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer was quoted as saying telephone recordings were " essential " for organised crime investigations .
" Obviously from a prosecutors point of view , you do n't want anything to occur that prevents the Italians from doing as they 've done in the past " , when they were " extraordinary partners " in US Mafia investigations , he said .
While the new law is expected to satisfy those in search of greater privacy , it is likely to be challenged , possibly in the European Court of Human Rights , by those who believe it is a hindrance to law enforcement and a gag on how much the public can and should know .
Do n't call it a comeback .
True , it was not long ago that plenty of tech - watchers pronounced Netflix all but dead in the water .
Online rentals ?
Not scalable .
Streaming movies ?
Too complex for the typical viewer .
Well , if you 're a customer , you know that Netflix has not only become the go - to company for movie rentals , it 's also broadened the way you can watch your movies .
If you 're a shareholder , you 've now got more than a hundred reasons to love this company .
Netflix just reported a huge quarter of earnings , and customer additions .
The Los Gatos , Calif . company said 1.7 million new customers came on - board over the last three months .
More than a recession - beater , Netflix is changing the way we watch movies .
And the way we get them .
For the first time , the company says more people streamed movies than got them through the mail .
That 's not only changing our behavior , it 's helping the firm 's bottom line .
Netflix still gets our subscriber fees , but if it does n't have to pay postage fees , it makes more money .
Investors love this .
Netflix ( NFLX ) shares are on a rocket ride lately , soaring beyond $ 100 a share , to a new all - time high .
The company now streams movies from your DVR , your video game console , your DVD player , and various other devices , like the Roku box .
It 's also a click away on the new Apple iPad .
In other words , they 're going where you are to make rentals easy .
Easy enough for more customers , and investors , to get on board .
• A daily summary of global reports on security issues .
Small bands of violent anarchists disrupted larger peaceful protests at the G20 summit in Toronto Saturday , destroying shops and burning police cars .
Police said they expect more violence Sunday on the last day of the gathering of the world ’s wealthiest countries .
Police arrested 412 people Saturday and into the early hours of Sunday morning when peaceful protests turned violent , reports The Canadian Press .
Between 5,000 and 10,000 people gathered to march in protest of the summit , were met by 5,500 police officers .
Most were protesting for social causes , and say G20 policies favor the rich at the expense of the poor .
But small bands of violent protesters in black clothes and masks broke off from the main protests and rampaged violently through downtown Toronto , reports The Toronto Sun .
The violence came despite the $ 1 billion price tag for security at the summit , which followed a G8 summit outside Toronto .
Violent protests are common at such meetings , but fewer protesters showed up in Toronto than have congregated at previous summits .
Nonetheless , some were able to inflict extensive damage by using a tactic known as “ Black Bloc . ”
What is ' Black Bloc ' ?
The Toronto Star reports that the tactic , common in international protests , involves protesters dressing in black and moving as groups to perform violent acts , then removing the black clothing to blend in with the larger protest crowd to avoid apprehension by the police .
On Saturday , dozens of such protesters huddled together in a park to change into their street clothes , leaving the black garments behind and disappearing into the crowds .
The Star reports that many of the “ Black Bloc ” protesters Saturday were anarchists .
Many have attended protests peacefully throughout the week before their rampage Saturday , reports the Star .
Expressed through an assortment of chants , the group ’s causes are many :
They ’re anti-capitalist , anti-police , anti-colonial .
While the labour members marched to have their voices heard , the anarchists are resolute that world leaders are n’t listening and do n’t care .
Any change has to come at their own hands .
For the most part , their targets are specific and symbolic :
As the crowd tore across Queen St. , they hammered police cruisers , attacked banks and other corporate companies .
Yet they left a record store , a local tavern and an independent hardware shop untouched .
The protesters were not able to break through the barrier surrounding the area where world leaders are meeting , and instead turned to smashing windows and looting banks and other stores ; setting fire to at least four police cruisers ; and throwing bricks , rocks , and bottles of urine at police .
According to CNN , police used tear gas , pepper spray , and bean - bag pellets against the protesters .
Many had soaked their clothes in vinegar in anticipation of tear gas .
Toronto ’s police chief said some of the attacks were meant to draw police away from the barrier surrounding the summit area so protesters could attempt to breach it , reports CBC News .
He also warned that the hard - core , violent anarchists would be back Sunday .
Smaller protests this year
Despite the violence , the protests in Toronto are markedly smaller than previous years .
A G8 summit in Genoa , Italy , in 2001 drew as many as 200,000 protesters ; dozens were wounded and one person was killed by police .
Tens of thousands protested at the G20 summit in London last year , and a bystander died after being shoved by a police officer .
But some in Toronto complained that the police were protecting the location of the summit at the expense of the rest of the city .
A columnist for the Toronto Sun said the objective of police was to stop people from getting through the barrier .
“ Much of the rest of the city was , however , left on its own , ” he wrote , calling for a “ frank discussion ” of why police at some points stood by while protesters smashed property .
A security specialist quoted by The Canadian Press , however , says police handled the protest correctly .
But security expert John Thompson , who has studied demonstrations for 25 years , said police handled the mobs the way they should .
He said officers will often let demonstrators tire themselves out and then slowly push them away .
By keeping them moving , police prevent tension from boiling over into intense violence .
By Captain Pyke | May 2 , 2010 - 9:33 pm
The long awaited pilot to the fan series , Star Trek : Phoenix launched tonight .
The brain child of Executive Producer Leo Roberts , ST : Phoenix takes place some 40 years after the events in Star Trek : Nemesis and is comprised of more the 150 volunteers throughout the Seatle , Washington area .
The pilot episode , titled " Cloak & Dagger " , takes place in 2422 , one year into the maiden voyage of the Phoenix
The story begins after a major attack on the Phoenix and the crew attempts to rescue an away team on the remote planet Katassii Prime .
Little do they know , the rescue team will need saving from the secrets the perilous world posses .
We thoroughly enjoyed the episode and have to say , it 's one of the most enjoyable fan films / series we 've seen in a long time .
Good story line , good special effects , and great acting .
What more could you ask for in a fan film .
We 'll be anxiously awaiting the next installment .
Plus , we totally dig the wormhole transporters .
Watch or download the episode from the ST : Phoenix website here .
Looks like they may have meet bandwidth limit and shutdown all external downloads .
You can still watch the episode on the site via the link above .
About ST : Phoenix : Star Trek : Phoenix is a Seattle - based fan series inspired by Gene Roddenberry ’s Star Trek and produced by Temporal Studios .
The series takes place more than 40 years in the future after the events of the film , Star Trek : Nemesis .
The series focuses on the adventures of the crew of the USS Phoenix , an Ascension Class starship designated as NCX - 101138 .
About the ship :
The Phoenix is 1400 meters long and boasts a crew of more than 10,000 Starfleet officers and personnel representing other Federation Military branches .
She is a hybrid design featuring a never - before - seen partial fusion of Federation and Romulan technology and is the largest Federation Starship seen to date in Star Trek .
Top 10 auto emblems - the story behind the badge
By : Drivers staff
Date : Saturday , 12 .
June 2010
The emblem on a car is more than just a symbol and it is much more than just a piece of artwork adorning every vehicle on the road .
An automobile badge can provide us with a glimpse into the history and origins of a car , and by giving you a brief insight into the top 10 auto emblems , we show you just how much information can be contained in this little piece of decorative metal .
1 . The BMW �propeller �
The BMW logo is said to represent a rotating aircraft propeller , tying in with the company�s origins in the aviation industry .
The Bavarian Luftwaffe flew planes painted in blue and white during World War I and the BMW logo's white and blue quarters are believed to represent a white propeller blade in motion against a blue sky .
2. The Chevrolet �bowtie�
There is a commonly held understanding as to the origins of the Chevrolet " bowtie " logo .
This goes that while visiting Paris in 1907 , General Motors founder William Durant saw a similar pattern on his hotel wallpaper and subsequently tore off a sample to bring home .
This sample was used as the basis for an emblem that was introduced in 1913 for the car named after the race driver Louis Chevrolet .
3 . The Cadillac crest
The Cadillac logo was based on the family crest of a minor aristocrat Antoine De La Mothe , Seigneur de Cadillac ( Sir of Cadillac ) .
However , De La Mothe�s aristocratic credentials and thus the authenticity of his crest have been questioned for decades .
De La Mothe founded Fort Pontchartrain in 1701 , which later became Detroit .
It was here following a bicentenary celebration of the founding of the city that the company was named � Cadillac� in his honor .
4 . The Audi rings
The Audi emblem consists of 4 interlinking rings .
These rings represent the four companies of the Auto - Union consortium ( an amalgamation of four German automobile manufacturers ) established in 1936 .
The initial emblem displayed the 4 company names in each ring but the modern version consists of a more simplified quartet of interlinking rings .
5. Mercedes� 3 - pointed star
The three pointed star of the Mercedes logo was first used on a Daimler car , ( later renamed Mercedes ) in 1909 , and represents the company 's domination of land , sea , and air .
In 1926 Mercedes merged with Benz and a laurel wreath was added to the logo , this was removed in 1937 to create the current , more simplified logo of the encircled three pointed star .
6. Mitsubishi�s diamonds
The name Mitsubishi is a combination of the words " mitsu " ( meaning three ) and " hishi " ( water chestnut , used in Japan to mean a diamond shape ) .
The official translation of the name is therefore " three diamonds . "
While the Mitsubishi name is a combination of two words , its ' logo is a combination of two family crests .
The Iwasaki family who had a crest of three stacked diamonds , acquired the shipping business of the Tosa Clan , who had a three - leaf crest .
A hybrid of these two crests led to the name Mitsubishi and the current emblem of the three diamonds in a triangular motif .
7. The Ferrari Logo
The prancing horse featured on the Ferrari logo is a common emblem and appears in various guises from the coat of arms of the city of Stuttgart to the logo for the Avanti fuel group .
However , neither of these are the origins of the Ferrari badge , which is based on the emblem of the Italian air force hero of World War I , Francesco Baracca .
Baracca was said to have painted a red prancing horse on his airplanes but after his death these horses were painted in black on squadron planes as a sign of mourning .
Enzo Ferrari chose the black version on yellow background for his emblem as yellow was the color of the city of Modena where he was born .
8 . The Lamborghini bull
Lamborghini was founded in 1963 by businessman Ferruccio Lamborghini , then the owner of a successful tractor factory .
The bull in the emblem is said to signify the founders obsession with bullfighting and also his zodiac sign - Taurus .
Lamborghini�s interest in bull - fighting led him to name many of his company�s car models after famous fighting bulls and breeds of bull ( Islero , Urraco ) .
The Lamborghini logo is suspiciously similar to an inverted Ferrari logo and this is linked to the rivalry between the two companies .
9. Volvo�s symbol of Iron
The Volvo company was formed in 1915 for the manufacture of bearings for the automotive industry .
The name literally translates as " I roll " from the Latin word " volvere " .
The logo for Volvo is a circle with an arrow pointed outwards bisected by the name " Volvo " in capitals against a blue background .
The circle with an arrow is the ancient symbol of Iron and also the symbol for �man� .
The iron interpretation is more significant as it is said to represent the strength and history of the Swedish iron industry .
10 . The Alfa Romeo crest
The Alfa Romeo emblem consists of a circle split vertically into two halves surrounded by a blue circle .
The two halves of the circles consist of the coats of arms of the two ruling families of medieval Milan - a red cross on the left , and a man eating serpent on the right .
The crown and red cross remain today as the symbol of the city .
The original version of the logo also had the word � Milano� across the bottom of the surrounding circle .
Interestingly , in 1932 the French importer for Alfa Romeo convinced the company to use the word ' Paris ' instead of ' ' Milano ' on all the badges of cars destined for France . �
These badges are very rare and in great demand by collectors today .
Further comments to this article have been disabled .
Showing 1 - 7 comments
david ,
The older Cadillac crest contains birds , apparently ducks , where there are only colored rectangles
Keith 19837 ,
About 50 or so years ago , my great uncle ( who was into emblems and such ) saw my interest in cars and their logos .
He gave me these snippets which I remember him reading from various publications .
Apart from that I cannot give more authoritative info .
Daimler still sports a ' ridged ' grille top supposedly a legacy from when their radiators had fins to improve cooling .
Citroen 's chevrons are supposedly representative of the sharper toothed cogs used in their gear drives .
Renault 's ' diamond ' was representative of it 's unusual exhaust shape .
My G / Uncle told me much the same about the marques as you have posted here .
cosmy ,
BMW very very good mercedes and audi is Worse
Not Right ,
The emblem evolved from the circular Rapp Motorenwerke company logo , from which the BMW company grew , combined with the white and blue colors of the flag of Bavaria , reversed to produce the BMW roundel .
However , the origin of the logo being based on the movement of a propeller is in dispute , according to an article recently posted by the New York Times , quoting " At the BMW Museum in Munich , Anne Schmidt - Possiwal , explained that the blue - and - white company logo did not represent a spinning propeller , but was meant to show the colors of the Free State of Bavaria . "
Jacob ,
This is very interesting thing to know about the badges of the huge automotive companies .
Jake Aghajani ,
The meanings of the car makers badges are very interesting .
Veszeli �d�m ,
Microsoft said it is shutting down its 2 - year - old Bing Cashback program , an effort to lure users away from Google with the promise of cash for purchases made by searching goods on Bing .
July 30 is the last day Bing searchers will be able to use Cashback , said Yusuf Mehdi , senior vice president for the Online Audience Business Group at Microsoft .
Cashback customers will have a year to redeem any cashback they earned , and Microsoft will provide 12 months of customer support to ensure a smooth transition .
Despite racking up thousands of merchant partners to offer deals to consumers , Mehdi said in a blog post June 4 that Microsoft " did not see the broad adoption that we had hoped for . "
Launched as Windows Live Cashback in May 2008 nearly a year before Bing was born , Bing Cashback lets users search for products , click one tagged with Cashback and see results for savings off the store and bottom - line prices .
Users then click the best deal to go to the store and make a Cashback purchase .
Consumers typically get their cash back within 60 days after they make their purchases .
Industry watchers saw this as a clever plan to help Microsoft " buy " customers from Google , the reigning search giant with a 65 percent market share .
Even Mehdi , who said in March Microsoft missed out on the long tail of search , noted the strategic intent of Cashback in his post .
He said that when Microsoft launched Cashback it was designed to " provide a new type of shopping experience that would change user behavior and attract a bunch of new users to Bing . "
Bing has grown Microsoft 's search share from 8 percent to almost 13 percent in one year , but that share has come at the expense of partner Yahoo , whose search Bing is now serving .
Google retains its commanding lead , and even Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer at the D8 show June 3 noted the challenges Bing faces in trying to topple Google .
All is not lost , Mehdi said .
Microsoft is taking what it has learned from the Cashback failure and injecting it into some new programs " designed to provide amazing shopping experiences for consumers and great opportunities for advertisers . "
Bing is super serious about shopping , as one can see from the Bing Shopping comparison site .
The Bing team May 6 added buttons that let shoppers solicit product feedback from their friends on Facebook and Twitter with a single click .
More Bing Shopping products and deals are on the way , according to Mehdi , who said :
" Shopping remains one of the most important tasks people engage in while using search , and we remain committed to delivering great shopping experiences for you that help you make better shopping decisions , get great deals , and save time and money along the way .
" For merchants and advertisers , we have some ideas for making it easy to get a broader array of products and offers into Bing , and we 'll share some details on this later this summer . "
If you are like me , you probably have dozens of windows open at any given point , so if you want to tile just a couple of windows you have to minimize everything and then show two of the windows , and then tile them … so how do we just quickly select two taskbar buttons together ?
There ’s a simple trick that ’s been built into Windows forever … hold down the Ctrl key while selecting taskbar buttons and you can select more than one at a time .
The benefit is that you do n’t have to minimize any other windows in order to tile them ( or close them )
Hold down the Ctrl key while clicking on a taskbar button , and then while still holding down the Ctrl key , click on another taskbar button .
You ’ll notice that they are both selected .
( Note that you can click on a button again to deselect it . )
Now that they are both selected , you can right - click on one of the buttons and choose to cascade , stack or show the windows side by side .
I do n’t find cascading or stacking very useful , but side - by - side is something I use quite often .
This can be extremely useful when you are trying to look at two windows at once , especially when you ’ve got a ton of windows open but only want to tile two of them .
Note :
This should work fine in Windows XP even though the screenshots are from Vista .
Last week mediated talks broke off between United Steelworkers Local 6500 and Vale Inco , the giant Brazilian owned transnational mining company , at two mines in Ontario , Canada .
More than 3,000 USW members have been on strike at two mines in the Sudbury , Ontario area for over 10 months over pension and union rights issues .
Despite $ 13 billion in net profits in 2008 , the company demanded steep cuts in 2009 contract negotiations including a two tier pension system that includes weakening the seniority system for new workers .
The workers went on strike in July of 2009 .
Besides stonewalling two prolonged sets of mediated bargaining attempts , Vale Inco has mounted an international campaign against the unions .
In an ironic twist , the company accused the steelworkers of “ racism ” for refusing to accept the take away demands of a Brazilian company .
An accusation immediately rejected by Brazil ’s largest trade union federation , CUT .
The CUT called for global trade union solidarity with the Canadian steelworkers .
The CUT said bogus claims of racism and national chauvinism by Vale Inco will not work to divide workers internationally , and vowed to redouble their efforts in solidarity with their Canadian brothers and sisters .
In response to the break off of talks last week , Local 6500 members and community supporters have erected barriers at the plant gates .
A previous court injunction had limited the union to eight pickets per gate .
But spontaneously , the crowds have grown at each gate as frustration and anger build among strikers , their families and the community .
Inco Vale lawyers immediately went to court demanding that Sudbury police take action to remove the protesters .
The unions lawyer characterized the company demands as “ war like ” and an “ impetuous desire to use force , arrest and imprisonment ” that amounts to a call for the police to “ bust heads . ”
Union members and supporters immediately declared their willingness to go to jail if necessary .
When the Sudbury police came to the Clarabelle Mill entrance to give the protester two hours to disband their occupation of city owned land , they were met with chants of “ Hell no , we wo n’t go ! ”
The union ’s position is that they are on public land and that they are demonstrating , not picketing .
The police have been to the plant gate sites in the last few days and warned that the barricades are illegal , but have not taken any actions so far .
Obviously the situation is developing further into a major labor battle in the current economic crisis .
Even highly profitable giant global corporations like Vale Inco are ready to use the economic crisis to attack workers with severe cuts and curbs on union rights .
The situation in Sudbury well illustrates the need for much greater international labor solidarity and action .
The next few days could be critical for the strikers and their families .
You can follow the breaking news from Sudbury here at the PW and at the union website here .
You can take action to support the strikers on the internet through LabourStart , the international labor solidarity site , here .
And you can send messages of support to John Fera , the president of USW Local 6500 , at jfera@uswsudbury.ca
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/danielle_scott/
/ CC BY -SA 2.0
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) --
The world was watching in 2006 when the Microsoft - designed School of the Future opened in Philadelphia and attempted to reform education .
Despite having four principals , curriculum overhauls , and student technology gaps , the school graduated its first senior class last week , with every graduate having plans for institutions of higher learning .
" This is n't a school about technology , this is a school about redefining the norm for urban education , " said Mary Cullinane , director of innovation for Microsoft Education , who is also the liaison to the school .
" We 've had this saying from the very beginning : Money and technology are great , but people are better . "
And everything about the state - of - the - art facility , complete with digital whiteboards and streaming video in classrooms , was created to be different from the beginning , too .
The majority - minority $ 63 million school was erected with school district funds in the tough Parkside neighborhood in West Philadelphia .
The school partnered with Microsoft on new approaches to curriculum , teaching methods and staffing .
The school is made up of students chosen by a lottery of public school students , with the majority of them coming from low - income households with limited access to technology and training .
The school struggled in its infancy .
Its first standardized test scores last year were daunting .
Less than 8 percent of 11th - graders scored proficient or higher in math , while just over 23 percent scored proficient or higher in reading .
It 's back to basics under the watch of Rosalind Chivis , principal for the last two school years .
Regardless of the advancements , Chivis says success is in the approach .
" I do n't care how good the technology is , I do n't care how good the books are , the ancillary materials , if you cannot create a stellar climate conducive to good teaching and learning , it 's not going to happen , " Chivis said .
" It 's about connections , it 's about relationships , it 's about caring . "
Test scores do n't tell the whole story of School of the Future , according to Cullinane .
" We wanted to take on all the challenges and still show that you could do it , " she said , adding that the school 's mission is to challenge the education status quo , all the while doing it under the same conditions as other public schools in the district .
" And today , with 100 percent of these kids having college plans , I think we showed we can do it . "
The original vision called for a paperless and textbook - free school .
Students were to be called learners .
They would receive laptops for taking notes and tests and doing homework .
Students repeated the school mission " Continuous , Relevant , Adaptive " with ease .
" Things did fall apart here as far as the original vision , " said Iman Griffin , a senior and the school president , adding that students do use paper and textbooks now .
" But we are n't broken , we 're still good , and I believe that I came out better . "
Griffin , one of the 118 students who graduated on June 15 , said she plans to attend Indiana University of Pennsylvania to study journalism .
College was n't always in the future for Mahcaiyah Wearing - Gooden .
There were times during high school that she wanted to give up .
She credits the caring staff and individual attention at school with helping to keep her on track .
" When I actually grasped the concept that my future is what I make it , and my future is what I do exactly , I did n't want to fail , I did n't want to give up , I wanted to succeed , " said Wearing - Gooden , who plans to attend Green Mountain College in Vermont to study climatology .
" I wanted to be everything that everyone said that I could n't be . "
Sun The Sun is a star , a hot ball of glowing gases at the heart of our solar system .
Its influence extends far beyond the orbits of distant Neptune and Pluto .
Without the Sun 's intense energy and heat , there would be no life on Earth .
And though it is special to us , there are billions of stars like our Sun scattered across the Milky Way galaxy .
Mercury Sun-scorched Mercury is only slightly larger than Earth 's Moon .
Like the Moon , Mercury has very little atmosphere to stop impacts and it is covered with craters .
Mercury 's dayside is super heated by the Sun , but at night temperatures drop hundreds of degrees below freezing .
Ice may even exist in craters .
Mercury 's egg - shaped orbit takes it around the Sun every 88 days .
Venus Venus is a dim world of intense heat and volcanic activity .
Similar in structure and size to Earth , Venus ' thick , toxic atmosphere traps heat in a runaway ' greenhouse effect . '
The scorched world has temperatures hot enough to melt lead .
Glimpses below the clouds reveal volcanoes and deformed mountains .
Venus spins slowly in the opposite direction of most planets .
Earth Earth is an ocean planet .
Our home world 's abundance of water - and life - makes it unique in our solar system .
Other planets , plus a few moons , have ice , atmospheres , seasons and even weather , but only on Earth does the whole complicated mix come together in a way that encourages life - and lots of it .
Mars Though details of Mars ' surface are difficult to see from Earth , telescope observations show seasonally changing features and white patches at the poles .
For decades , people speculated that bright and dark areas on Mars were patches of vegetation , that Mars could be a likely place for life - forms , and that water might exist in the polar caps .
When the Mariner 4 spacecraft flew by Mars in 1965 , many were shocked to see photographs of a bleak , cratered surface .
Mars seemed to be a dead planet .
Later missions , however , have shown that Mars is a complex member of the solar system and holds many mysteries yet to be solved .
Jupiter
The most massive planet in our solar system , with four large moons and many smaller moons , Jupiter forms a kind of miniature solar system .
Jupiter resembles a star in composition .
In fact , if it had been about 80 times more massive , it would have become a star rather than a planet .
Saturn Saturn was the most distant of the five planets known to the ancients .
Like Jupiter , Saturn is made mostly of hydrogen and helium .
Its volume is 755 times greater than that of Earth .
Winds in the upper atmosphere reach 500 meters ( 1,600 feet ) per second in the equatorial region .
These super - fast winds , combined with heat rising from within the planet 's interior , cause the yellow and gold bands visible in the atmosphere .
Uranus
The first planet found with the aid of a telescope , Uranus was discovered in 1781 by astronomer William Herschel .
The seventh planet from the Sun is so distant that it takes 84 years to complete one orbit .
Neptune Nearly 4.5 billion kilometers ( 2.8 billion miles ) from the Sun , Neptune orbits the Sun once every 165 years .
It is invisible to the naked eye because of its extreme distance from Earth .
Interestingly , the unusual elliptical orbit of the dwarf planet Pluto brings Pluto inside Neptune 's orbit for a 20 - year period out of every 248 Earth years
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Starbucks
Corp has been sued by a customer who allegedly suffered second - degree burns after being served tea that was too hot .
According to the complaint , the plaintiff Zeynep Inanli was served tea that was “ unreasonably hot , in containers which were not safe , ” at a Starbucks store at 685 Third Avenue in Manhattan .
As a result of Starbucks ’ negligence , the plaintiff suffered “ great physical pain and mental anguish , ” including the burns , the complaint said .
The plaintiff seeks unspecified damages .
Starbucks , based in Seattle , did not immediately return requests for comment .
The plaintiff ’s lawyer did not immediately return a call for comment .
Retailers periodically face lawsuits for serving beverages at temperatures that customers say are too high .
In one well - known case , a jury in 1994 ordered McDonald ’s Corp to pay $ 2.86 million to Stella Liebeck , an Albuquerque , New Mexico woman who claimed she scalded herself with the restaurant ’s coffee .
The parties later settled .
The case is Inanli v. Starbucks Corp et al , New York State Supreme Court , New York County , No. 105767-2010 .
SHIRAZ , Iran —
“ It 's over . ”
With that short answer , a young woman I met while strolling through a park in ancient Shiraz summed up what has happened to the protest movement that shook Iran and electrified the world after last year 's disputed presidential election .
For weeks after the election , and then for months , crowds of angry Iranians poured onto the streets of major cities protesting the quick announcement that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had won re-election by a decisive margin .
They were harshly repressed .
Police officers and pro-government thugs beat demonstrators , killed some and arrested many more .
Since the beginning of this year , there have been no large protests .
I came to Iran eager to learn why .
The answer I found confirmed an age - old truth : Governments use repression against protesters for the simple reason that it usually works .
It certainly seems to have worked here .
Almost no foreign journalists have been admitted to Iran in recent months , and correspondents who lived here have been expelled or forced to flee .
I entered the country on a tourist visa , meaning that I was forbidden to meet government officials , opposition figures or activists of any sort .
Before my trip , I wrote to several of my Iranian friends asking for names of interesting people I could meet here .
“ All the interesting people I know are in jail , ” one curtly replied .
Another sent a longer answer .
“ I am very reluctant to put you in touch with people , ” he wrote .
“ I am not worried about you at all ; it is people who visit you that may be put in jeopardy .
I am not being paranoid , it is just that the place has become very unpredictable .
I cannot figure out the logic of who they pick up and why . ”
This left me to rely on chance encounters .
In the course of a two - week , thousand - mile tour around Iran , I had dozens .
Wherever I stopped , I asked people what had become of the Green Movement , the loose anti-government coalition that organized last year 's protests .
Everyone told me the same thing : it is either dead or hibernating .
“ We do n't like the government , but we cannot change it , ” said a man enjoying a picnic with his family near the tomb of Cyrus the Great , who ruled Persia 25 centuries ago .
“ They punish us when we protest .
People are afraid . ”
Some Iranians clearly believe that in the wake of last year 's dubious election and the upheaval that followed , their regime has lost its " obohat , " an elusive attribute of just leadership that is variously translated as righteousness , virtue , nobility or right to rule .
But it is far from clear that these dissidents comprise the majority , or that most Iranians wish for a new kind of government .
Several people told me that the material conditions of life here have palpably improved in recent years .
President Ahmadinejad travels the country tirelessly , meeting with local people and asking what they need .
On most visits he promises to provide it — a school , a dam , a new road .
Then , a year or two later , he returns to assure himself that the work has been completed .
This form of politicking is as effective here as it is in other countries .
“ Thirty - five percent of Iranians like this government and Ahmadinejad , ” a college student told me outside a Sufi shrine in the southeastern town of Mahan .
“ Twenty - five percent are against .
The rest do n't care . ”
This young man made clear that he sympathized with the opposition , but when I asked what the opposition could now do , he smiled wistfully .
“ We can't do anything , ” he shrugged .
“ If we do something , the police come and put us in jail .
It is very tight here . ”
Young people seem especially eager for change .
Tens of thousands graduate from colleges and universities each year , but few find good jobs .
The government tightly restricts their behavior .
As they grow older , their frustration may change the course of Iranian politics .
“ There are so many limitations on us — on our dress , our relations with boyfriends , our chances to have fun together , ” said a schoolgirl I met in Isfahan .
“ We want to take off our head scarves , but it 's not possible .
All we can do is live and stay quiet . ”
Until last year 's election , many Iranians hoped they would be able to reshape their country through the ballot box .
Some have now lost that faith .
“ I voted , but I do n't believe my vote was counted , ” a student at the University of Tehran told me .
“ Many who voted last time wo n't vote next time .
I 'm one of them . ”
Despite the frustrations that shape life for many Iranians , however , no one I met expressed the slightest desire for foreign intervention .
“ Intervention in Iraq and Afghanistan has brought nothing but death and suffering , ” a retired schoolteacher told me in Shiraz .
“ We do n't want that .
Above all , we want to preserve peace in our country .
We would rather live under a regime we do n't like than one that is placed in power by foreigners . ”
Iranians seem puzzled by the Obama administration 's intense focus on their country 's nuclear program , which officials in Washington describe as a grave threat to global security .
“ What worries us is Pakistan , ” one man told me .
“ We do n't have anything like the Taliban or Al Qaeda in Iran .
Crazy fanatics are not going to take power here , but in Pakistan it could happen any day .
We ca n't understand why the Americans allowed Pakistan to become a nuclear power but are so upset about Iran . ”
The other theme I heard time and again here is that political change takes time .
Perhaps because they have such a long history — 10 times longer than the history of the United States — many Iranians seem ready to wait patiently for change rather than risk plunging their country into upheaval by demanding it immediately .
“ Nobody can prevent us from having democracy in our country , ” a merchant in the Shiraz bazaar told me .
“ It is our wish and our right .
But it will take time .
You can not change a very strong government in a few months . ”
A middle - aged man in Isfahan who sympathized with the post-election protests said he was glad they have ended .
“ They were not going to achieve anything , and continuing them would just mean more people hurt or killed or put in jail , ” he reasoned .
“ What is the point of that ? ”
Last year 's protests here were the biggest since the Islamic regime came to power 31 years ago .
They weakened the regime 's legitimacy and sharpened divisions within the clerical , political and military elites .
But they had nothing like the near - unanimous support that gathered behind the protests of the late 1970s , which culminated in the overthrow of Mohammad Reza Shah .
The Green Movement has had trouble focusing its goals , and has not managed either to produce a coherent leadership or to broaden its social base .
In Iran , as in other countries with long histories , many people believe that not all problems have quick solutions , and that some have no solution at all .
“ In our history we have had many periods that were sad , and other periods that were happy , ” a woman at an internet cafe in Isfahan told me .
“ You can not rush things .
What is important is to live . ”
While I was in the ancient city of Yazd , a senior cleric who sympathizes with the opposition , former president Hashemi Rafsanjani , delivered a speech that concluded with what seemed to be an affirmation of this view .
“ God assists the patient , ” he said .
What will happen here ?
I put that question to almost every Iranian I met .
One of the best answers came from a middle - aged man in Kirman , an ancient caravan town that over the last 1,800 years has been ruled by Persians , Arabs , Turks , Mongols and a variety of tribal chiefs .
“ No one can predict what will happen , ” he told me .
“ But I do know one thing : everything has an end . ”
Stephen Kinzer is the author of numerous books , including " Reset : Iran , Turkey and America 's Future , " " Overthrow " and " All the Shah 's Men . "
An award - winning foreign correspondent , he now teaches international relations at Boston University .
Tony Hayward
CEO , BP
Ever since we changed our name from British Petroleum to BP ( Beyond Petroleum ) in 2000 , we 've led the way in developing progressive , environmentally friendly alternatives to gasoline .
These last few years of pouring money into biofuels and renewable energy sources have been so great that I can't for the life of me remember why we used to drill for dirty old oil in the first place !
What 's that ?
You mean we 're still pumping that stuff from hundreds of refineries all over the world ?
Advertisement
Well , I 'll be .
You know , I guess I 've been so caught up in trying to make petroleum obsolete , I plumb forgot we 're still in the business of selling fossil fuels .
Oh sure , oil used to be a big thing with us from 1901 until after the new millennium , but these days I 'm so busy with all the green - themed advertising campaigns and making a lasting commitment to our children 's future — well , I just have n't thought about our worldwide system of oil fields in months !
Funny how things just slip your mind when your multinational energy corporation vows to make obsolete the very product that brought it an unstoppable cash flow for over a century .
Advertisement
Now , who wants to talk about how all school buses might someday run on vegetable oil ?
Hmm , I wonder if we still have that international chain of service stations filling SUVs with tank load after tank load of gasoline .
Nah , I 'm sure I would have heard about it , even though I 'm pretty occupied lately thinking about how BP is solving tomorrow 's problems today .
I 'm pretty sure all that " gas " stuff was phased out in the '90s right before we changed our logo to that sunflower shape and completely refocused our priorities from being the world 's second - largest supplier of carbon energy to literally saving the planet single - handedly .
Advertisement
Gosh , fossil fuels are just so not even on my radar at this point !
Boy , you learn something new every day .
Here I am , being environmentally conscious , thinking that we 're pretty much done with the whole oil thing .
My impression was that BP was more about solar now .
I distinctly remember somebody saying that word : " solar . "
I can't remember the context , but it must 've been one of those long meetings we 're always having where nobody ever talks about gas .
Advertisement
Wow .
So why exactly are people still buying gas , when all the cars in the United States are powered by electric batteries by now ?
They 're not ?
What ?!
You 're pulling my leg , right ?
Surely we 're not still relying on that dinosaur technology after all the effort we 've put into alternative energy sources and forging an inoffensive corporate identity that reflects a new consciousness of global responsibility .
Are we ?
Man alive !
I 'm going to write this down in my planner right now , so I do n't forget to do it later when I 'm all caught up in a discussion about wind power and how to maintain the delicate balance of our beautiful , precious ecosystem .
" Still pumping oil , question mark . "
Well , I 'll look into it , if there 's even anyone left in this multinational corporate headquarters who 's still following that branch of the business .
Advertisement
Wait — the price of oil is what ?
Over $ 4 a gallon ?
No way !
Say , we must be making a fortune , huh ?
How the heck did that happen ?
Holy cow :
Now that I 'm looking over these annual revenue figures for the first time , I see that while I was doing all those other things , we made a couple hundred billion bucks !
Geez , we 're really raking it in !
Who would 've thought ?
I had no idea oil was still this profitable .
Advertisement
I guess I 'm a dope , because I would 've thunk we 'd run out of the stuff by now .
Say what now ?
War ?
In Iraq ?
Over oil ?
Man oh man , international geopolitics sure is mired in the past .
What 's these guys ' problem ?
Has n't everyone heard we 're totally beyond petroleum now ?
Whooee , what a crazy story this will make when I tell my environmentally committed board of directors .
If I can get them to stop planting trees long enough to hear me , that is .
Ha !
Not likely !
Who wants to take time away from helping preserve the world around us to listen to me rattle on about petroleum profits ?
Certainly not anyone at BP , that 's for sure !
Advertisement
Oh , look !
I 'm waist - deep in cash right now !
I did n't even see all this money piling up around my desk .
I guess I 've just been so focused on developing cost - efficient , clean - burning hydrogen cells that I was n't even paying attention .
Quick , someone take these 40 - pound sacks of cash to some guy in Berkeley studying carbon capture and storage .
Three cheers for zero emissions !
Hip , hip , hooray !
MOBILE , Ala . -- BP
Tuesday refuted an executive who said Monday morning the company has significantly cut the flow of oil leaking from its damaged Deepwater Horizon rig on the Gulf of Mexico sea floor .
Jeff Childs , a deputy incident commander for BP , said in a briefing with Alabama officials that the company successfully shut a set of hydraulic shears known as annular rams , helping to clamp the ruptured pipe and block the leaking oil .
" We 've significantly cut the flow through the pipe , " Childs said at the Mobile briefing hosted by U.S. Sen .
Richard Shelby , R- Tuscaloosa .
Shelby said the development was good news for the Gulf Coast .
" If we can stop that oil from pumping , or even slow it down , that 's a big step , " Shelby said .
By Monday afternoon , however , BP had released a statement saying the oil flow remained unchanged .
"
BP would like to clarify that , contrary to some media reports , the actions it has taken to date on the blow out preventer have not resulted in any observed reduction in the rate of flow of oil from the MC252 well ,
" the statement said .
Childs said the company was still trying to activate a set of shear rams that are designed to seal the well by shearing off the drill pipe .
The job is complicated , he said , because it is occurring at depths of more than 5,000 feet .
Childs ' statement came after BP chief executive Tony Hayward
that chemical dispersants being injected into the oil flow near the spill source have worked to some degree to keep oil from flowing to the surface , though he did not elaborate .
Officials also said as BP is preparing a system never tried nearly a mile under water to siphon away the geyser of crude from a blown - out well a mile under Gulf of Mexico waters .
BP officials said they hope the system could collect as much as 85 percent of oil rising from the seafloor .
The plan to lower 74 - ton , concrete - and - metal boxes being built to capture the oil and siphon it to a barge waiting at the surface will need at least another six to eight days to get it in place , with weather also a factor .
( Updated at 3:18 p.m. with BP statement saying the flow of oil has remained unchanged . )
See
continuing coverage of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill of 2010
on
al.com
and
GulfLive.com
.
To keep track of the Gulf of Mexico oil slick , visit
www.skytruth.org
or follow its
Twitter feed
.
Deepwater Horizon Response
Web site established by government officials .
To see updated projection maps related to the oil spill in the Gulf , visit theWeb site established by government officials .
How to help :
Volunteers eager to help cope with the spill and lessen its impact on the Gulf Coast environment and economy .
HOW YOU CAN HELP
will appear daily in the Press - Register until there is no longer a need for volunteers in response to the oil spill disaster .
If you have suggestions for a story , or if you belong to an organization in need of such help , please call Press - Register Editor Mike Marshall at 251-219-5675 or email him at
.
Pavelski
“ We are very pleased that Patty and Joe have committed to this organization now and in the future , ” said Wilson .
“ They expressed a strong belief in the direction this franchise is heading but also understand the challenges to keeping a talented group like ours together .
“ Both players had a tremendous regular season , excelled on the ice for their respective countries at the Winter Olympics and elevated their game in the Stanley Cup Playoffs .
They have solidified their place in the game among the League ’s top forwards and we are excited as an organization to have Joe and Patty back in San Jose to build on what we accomplished last season .
” Marleau , 30 , recently completed his 12th NHL season , all of which have been played in San Jose .
He ranks first on the all - time team ’s list in nearly every offensive category , including games played ( 953 ) , goals ( 320 ) , assists ( 373 ) , points ( 693 ) , power play goals ( 97 ) , game - winning goals ( 59 ) and shots ( 2,194 ) .
Last season , Marleau set a career - high with 44 goals which tied for the second - most ever by a Sharks player in a single season ( Nolan , 99-00 ) .
He finished fourth in the NHL in goals and 14th in the League in points ( 83 ) .
For the second consecutive season , Marleau was selected as the “ Sharks Player of the Year ” in a vote by the Bay Area media .
In addition , Marleau scored his 300th and 301st career NHL goals on Dec. 26 vs. Anaheim .
He appeared in his 900th career game Dec. 1 vs. Ottawa and scored two goals .
He became the fastest Shark to reach 30 goals in a season ( 47 games ) , surpassing Jonathan Cheechoo ’s mark ( 50 games ) from 2005 - 06 .
Marleau tied his career - high with a nine - game point streak from Oct. 17 - Nov. 4 and was named the NHL “ Third Star of the Week ” by recording nine points in four games from Oct. 19 - 25 .
In the Stanley Cup Playoffs , Marleau helped lead the Sharks to the Western Conference Final , posting 13 points ( eight goals , five assists ) in 14 games .
He scored the game - winning goals in Games Four ( in overtime ) and Five against the Detroit Red Wings in the Western Conference Semi-Finals .
He also added five goals in four games against the Chicago Blackhawks in the Western Conference Final .
His eight playoff goals ranked him in a tie for tenth in the postseason and his three power play goals were also tied for tenth .
Since the start of the 2003 - 04 season , Marleau has scored the third - most playoff goals of any NHL player ( 34 ) .
Marleau was selected to represent Team Canada at the 2010 Winter Olympic Games in Vancouver where he captured the gold medal and recorded five points in seven games .
He also represented Canada at the 1999 , 2001 , 2003 ( gold medal ) and 2005 ( silver medal ) IIHF Men ’s World Ice Hockey Championships .
He was named to Canada ’s gold - medal winning 2004 World Cup of Hockey squad but did not play .
The six - foot - two , 220 - pound native of Aneroid , Saskatchewan was originally selected by San Jose in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft ( 1st round , 2nd overall ) one spot behind teammate Joe Thornton ( Boston , 1st overall ) .
Pavelski , 25 , posted 51 points in 2009 - 10 , including tying his career - high in goals ( 25 ) while playing in only 67 games .
He missed 15 games with a broken foot , suffered on Oct. 6 at Los Angeles .
Finishing sixth on the team in scoring , his 25 goals ranked third on San Jose .
Pavelski finished the regular season fourth in the NHL in faceoff percentage ( 58.1 % ) .
In the Stanley Cup Playoffs , Pavelski led the team in goals ( nine ) and points ( 17 ) as well as plus / minus ( +6 ) , power - play goals ( five ) and game - winning goals ( three ) in 15 games .
In the Western Conference Quarterfinals against the Colorado Avalanche , he scored the game - tying goal with less than a minute left in Game Two , netted the game - winning goal in overtime in Game Three and the game - winning , series - clinching goal in Game Six .
He added two goals against the Detroit Red Wings in Games One and Two of the Western Conference Semi-Finals .
Overall , his 17 postseason points tied him for 12th in the NHL and his nine goals ranked tied - for - seventh .
Pavelski was selected to represent the United States at the 2010 Winter Olympic Games in Vancouver , posting three assists and a + 2 plus / minus rating in six games en route to winning the silver medal .
The five - foot - eleven , 190 - pound native of Plover , Wisconsin was selected by San Jose in the seventh round ( 205th overall ) of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft .
Dear Behemeisters ,
Just a quick note to update you on Castle Crashers for PSN ’s progress .
After months and months of rigorous testing , we ’re beginning the FINAL submission process !
We still ca n’t estimate a release date , as this submission process is highly variable and involves yet more verification by Sony .
We will , of course , let you know when we have an idea of the date so you can put it on your calendars .
We are very pleased with the way Castle Crashers for PS3 has turned out and we look forward to playing with you soon !
Word up to all the XBLA Castle Crashers players out there !
The Behemoth would never had made it this far without the overwhelmingly positive response Castle got from players on XBLA .
You ’ve shown a lot of love for this game and we want to share that love with as many players out there as possible .
Behemoth loves you and we have n’t forgotten about you either .
- Tom
Tonight I am in Venice , but I have arranged for a special edition of Thoughts from the Frontline , written by Jonathan Tepper of Variant Perception , a research firm in London .
I have been corresponding with Jonathan for some time , and we have had some solid , and lately quite frequent , conversations .
I am very impressed with this young man , whose perceptions and insights I find quite thoughtful .
We are working hard together to finish a book that will be called The End Game , which we hope to have out this fall .
It deals with the end of the debt supercycle in the developed world and the consequences for economies around the globe .
Depending on where you live , the investment implications can be very different .
The book will be very global in scope , and our intention is to make it so simple even a politician can understand .
In countries all over the world , difficult choices lie ahead .
We hope to give people a framework for making those choices and understanding the consequences .
Our situation is not pretty , but ignoring those choices would be the worst choice of all .
But first , and quickly , a number of people have written to see if I can get the publishers of Breakthrough Technology Alert to extend their offer of the current price before they double it .
They have agreed to do so through next Wednesday .
As I have said , this is one of my favourite sources for information on biotech stocks , and I have been very pleased with Patrick Cox 's analysis and suggestions .
You can read his latest piece , which I used as an Outside the Box a few weeks ago , by clicking here .
And now let 's turn the letter over to Jonathan .
The Frog in the Frying Pan
" My best guess is that we 'll have a continued recovery , but it wo n't feel terrific .
Even though technically we 'll be in recovery and the economy will be growing , unemployment will still be high for a while and that means that a lot of people will be under financial stress , " Benjamin Bernanke , Chairman of the Federal Reserve in a Q&A at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars
After the dot com bust , John Mauldin wrote frequently about " the Muddle Through Economy , " where the economy would indeed be growing , but that growth would be below the long - term trend .
The Muddle Through Economy would be more susceptible to recession .
It would be an economy that would move forward burdened with the heavy baggage of old problems while facing the strong headwinds of new challenges .
Mauldin 's description of the world was accurate then , and it is even more accurate now .
The current recovery from the Great Recession has surprised to the upside , given the extremely negative estimates that analysts had last year , when almost everyone was predicting the Apocalypse .
Since then GDP has been robust , industrial production has shot up , retail sales have bounced back , and the stock market has rebounded strongly .
However , compared to previous recoveries , growth does not look that great and people do n't " feel " the recovery .
This is unlikely to change .
The Muddle Through Economy is the product of several major structural breaks in the economy , which have important implications for growth , jobs , and the timing of a future recession .
Three Structural Changes
Investors are good at absorbing short - term information , but they are much less successful at absorbing bigger structural trends and understanding when secular breaks have occurred .
Perhaps investors are like the proverbial frogs in the frying pan , who do not notice the slow , incremental changes occurring around them .
There are three large structural changes that have been slowly but steadily happening .
Going forward , the US economy will have to deal with : ( 1 ) higher volatility , ( 2 ) lower trend growth , and ( 3 ) higher structural levels of unemployment .
1 ) Higher volatility
The period of low volatility of GDP , industrial production , and initial unemployment claims is now over .
For a period of over twenty years , excluding the brief 2001 - 02 recession , volatility of real economic data was extremely low .
The two decades of lower economic volatility have been called " The Great Moderation . "
We believe that going forward higher economic volatility , combined with a secular downtrend in economic growth , will create more frequent recessions .
You can measure economic volatility in a variety of ways .
Our preferred way is on a forward - looking basis .
We have recently seen the highest volatility in the last forty years across leading indicators .
( These typically lead the economic cycle . )
This means only one thing : higher volatility going forward .
2 ) Lower Trend Growth
We are also seeing a secular decline over the last four cycles in trend growth across GDP , personal income , industrial production , and employment .
Another view of declining trend growth is the decline in nominal GDP .
As the following chart shows , the 12 - quarter rolling average has been on a steady decline for the last two decades .
A combination of lower trend growth and higher volatility means more frequent recessions .
The closer trend growth is to zero and the higher volatility is , the more likely US growth will frequently dip below zero .
We believe this has very important implications for equity and bond investors across asset classes .
Indeed , the last three economic expansions lasted almost ten years , but in previous decades they averaged four or five years .
From now on we will likely see recessions every three to five years .
3 ) Higher Levels of Structural Unemployment
There is a growing disparity in unemployment rates between the well - educated and the poorly educated ; between the " haves " and " have nots . "
This is a structural shift that began before the recession and has only grown stronger during the recession .
The disparity in the unemployment situation is far more dramatic if you look at the breakdown of unemployment rates by educational attainment .
Looking at unemployment by length of time unemployed also shows growing divergences .
There are clear trends developing .
Those who have attained a higher level of education are not suffering to nearly the same extent as those on the lower end of the educational scale .
Indeed , conditions for less - skilled workers could be described as tight .
Furthermore , those who find themselves out of work stay out of work longer , on average .
The average time of unemployment has sharply increased from less than 20 weeks only 2 years ago to over 30 weeks now – a 50 % increase .
Those unemployed for shorter lengths of time now make up much less of the total than they used to .
Instead , the majority of unemployed workers is comprised of those in a chronic state of joblessness .
Such people find it ever harder to get back to work , as their skills become rusty .
This phenomenon is not confined to the US .
A similar pattern is developing in the UK , as the following chart shows .
Chart by : www.variantperception.com
The Economy Wo n't Produce Enough Jobs
What do we get when we put the three structural breaks together ?
Higher volatility and lower trend growth produce more frequent recessions .
More frequent recessions and stubbornly high unemployment rates mean that recoveries will not be long - lasting enough to put everyone back to work who would like to work .
This in large part explains why high unemployment is currently so problematic .
What are the investment implications for the Muddle Through Economy ?
Investors will have to adjust to this new reality .
Reducing leverage is one way .
Another is to reduce the average holding period of investments .
Investors will have to become more nimble .
This in itself may add to market volatility .
For longer - term investors , this change of paradigm will mean achieving consistent returns is even more difficult .
However , investors with a shorter - term , more tactical outlook may find these new , more volatile conditions a source of great opportunities .
The End Game
John Mauldin and I are writing a book called The End Game , about how government policies around the world will likely play out .
The End Game will be about the structural changes affecting the US and many other developed economies and how this impacts you , the reader .
Currently the world is caught in a tug of war between deflation and inflation .
The global economy faces powerful deflationary forces , which have induced equally powerful responses from governments around the world .
Governments have ratcheted up the creation of monetary reserves and increased public spending across the board .
Much of the spending is unsustainable , and the monetary reserves may eventually become a problem , resulting in inflation .
The outcomes are binary , and they are not good .
Policymakers have not even begun to deal with the problems .
As Chairman Bernanke has pointed out , " A variety of projections that extrapolate current policies and make plausible assumptions about the future evolution of the economy , show a structural budget gap that is both large relative to the size of the economy and increasing over time . "
He stated that " the federal budget appears to be on an unsustainable path . "
Those are strong words for a Fed chairman .
I hope Congress is listening .
In the current economic environment , there are bad choices and worse ones .
We hope governments around the world will know how to choose wisely .
It is not all doom and gloom , though .
As John Mauldin wrote back in 2003 : " The Muddle Through Economy means businesses and entrepreneurs will have to adjust to new and different ways of growing their companies and making a profit .
Individuals , especially the Baby Boomer generation , will have to adjust their expectations about retirement and the future .
The good news is that " adjusting " is what Americans do better than any people in any country in the world .
Change is something we have lived with all our lives .
Responding to change and new opportunities is what drives the American free enterprise economy . "
It has been a pleasure to share some thoughts with you in John 's weekly email , and I look forward to finishing The End Game soon and sharing it with all of you .
Sincerely ,
Jonathan Tepper
Partner and Chief Editor
Variant Perception
www.variantperception.com
Like an Army But with No Discipline
John here again .
Life could be better , but I am not sure how .
Venice has been a marvellous revelation .
While the family enjoyed Rome , we are smitten with Venice .
And part of that is because two of my one million closest friends , Chris and Howard , took it upon themselves to guide us through the city to spots well off the beaten tourist track .
Chris arranged a boat to take us around the islands .
We ended up in Torcello at a marvellous open - air restaurant with the freshest seafood in a gorgeous park - like setting .
I had been in Venice 25 years ago , but had no idea of the beauty and variety of the islands .
Howard regaled us with stories , and a marvellous walking tour ended up late at night at a local jazz club with a fabulous band .
There was also dinner with the guys at the original Harry 's Bar , and then this afternoon I was told that Hemingway stayed at our inn ( Cipriano ) in Torcello , so I had two days ' connection with the writer .
Let 's see if that ghost will help my writing along .
Moving ten people and two babies is a little different .
One of the guides said , " You are like an army but with no discipline . "
He meant it as a compliment ( I think ) .
At least he smiling at the chaos and fun we were having .
Tomorrow we leave early to catch a train to Tuscany .
I am looking forward to settling into a very small village called Trequanda for a few days , and savouring the local food and vino .
Have a great week .
I know I am .
And I have even gotten two chapters of the new book done on the trains and planes , plus some reading .
And now it 's time to hit the send button and go to a local garden party , courtesy of Chris .
Ciao .
Your really amazed by Italy analyst ,
John Mauldin
John@FrontLineThoughts.com
Copyright 2010 John Mauldin .
All Rights Reserved
You have permission to publish this article electronically or in print as long as the following is included :
John Mauldin , Best - Selling author and recognized financial expert , is also editor of the free Thoughts From the Frontline that goes to over 1 million readers each week .
For more information on John or his FREE weekly economic letter go to : http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/learnmore
To subscribe to John Mauldin 's E - Letter please click here :
http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/subscribe.asp
World famous French free - diver Guillaume
Nery who currently holds the world record for constant weight free diving ( without fins ) to a depth of 113 meters ( 370 feet ) , showcases his artistic side in a stunning video which went instantly popular .
The world champion freediver took time off during a freediving competition at Dean ’s Blue Hole in the Bahamas ( the World ’s second deepest blue hole which plunges 202 meters / 663 ft to the ocean floor ) to make a short movie that emphasizes aesthetic images and innovative camera moves .
The video featuring Guillaume Nery base jumping underwater into the depths of the Blue hole , takes your breath away just watching it .
However , Nery clarified earlier rumors that he never reached the bottom which is at an impossible depth of 663 feet !
Impressively enough though , the video is filmed entirely on breath hold by Guillaume ’s girlfriend and french champion Julie Gautier .
While Adobe evangelist Ryan Stewart wants us to focus on Flash 10.1 performance -- admittedly impressive -- running on his Nexus One , we can't help but be distracted by the Android 2.2 " Froyo " build apparently supporting his device .
Can you blame us ?
It 's not we 're alone with waning interest in Flash , especially for video playback .
Anyway , from the looks of the homescreen in the grab above , we 'll be treated to an updated launcher , Android tutorial , and global search box when the OS is revealed ( presumably ) at Google I/O starting May 19 .
And with the giant Froyo statue apparently already delivered to the GooglePlex 's confectionary art show , well , the stage is set for 2.2 to be launched in time for Adobe 's planned June release of Flash 10.1 .
Get your glimpse into the future of Flash and Android in the video after the break .
How much faster is a Nexus One running Froyo ?
450 percent faster , according to the Android Police .
They claim to have a device running the as - yet - unreleased firmware that can perform over 37 million floating - point operations per second in the Linpack benchmark ... compared to about 7 megaflops without .
Oh yeeaaah .
[ Thanks , Taylor ]
A new ACLU report , " Policing Free Speech : Police Surveillance and Obstruction of First Amendment - Protected Activity , " documents recent cases of politically motivated surveillance across America — cases in which people were put under surveillance " for doing little more than peacefully exercising their First Amendment rights . "
At a California State University , Fresno lecture on veganism , six of the 60 in attendance were undercover officers from the local and campus police .
The Oakland Police Department in California had infiltrated a police - brutality demonstration , and its undercover officers selected " the route of the march . "
A vegetarian activist in Georgia was arrested for jotting down the license plate of a Department of Homeland Security agent who was snapping photos of a protest outside a Honey Baked Ham store .
A Joint Terrorism Task Force in Illinois went on a three - day manhunt in Chicago searching for a Muslim man for his suspicious activity of using a hand counter on a bus .
As it turned out , the man was counting his daily prayers .
A Kentucky minister was detained at Canadian border trying to enter the United States because he had purchased copies of the Koran on the internet following the 2001 terror attacks .
A New York , Muslim - American student journalist was detained for taking pictures of Old Glory outside a Veterans Affairs building as part of a class project .
The authorities deleted the pictures before releasing her an hour later .
Das Mietrecht
Das als eigenständiges Rechtsgebiet angesehene Mietrecht umfasst alle Rechtsvorschriften , die ein Mietverhältnis zwischen Mieter und Vermieter zum Gegenstand haben .
Eine gesetzliche Normierung des zum Zivilrecht gehörenden Mietrechts findet sich in den §§ 535 ff BGB .
Bei einem Mietverhältnis verpflichtet sich der Vermieter zur Überlassung einer bestimmten Sache und der Mieter zur Zahlung eines vereinbarten Entgeltes .
Diese Mietsache ist immer ein körperlicher Gegenstand , über welchen ein Mietvertrag zwischen den Parteien vereinbart wurde .
Als taugliche Mietsachen kommen sowohl bewegliche als auch unbewegliche Sachen in Betracht .
Für die Miete von unbeweglichen Sachen , insbesondere von Wohnraum , gelten spezielle Regelungen , um dem oftmals schwächer gestellten Mieter Schutz vor dem Vermieter zu gewähren .
Der Mietvertrag
Einem solchen Mietverhältnis liegt in aller Regel ein Mietvertrag zugrunde .
Der Mietvertrag entsteht wie jedes Schuldverhältnis durch Angebot und Annahme , wodurch die allgemeinen Regelungen über das Zustandekommen von gegenseitigen Verträgen zu beachten sind .
Um einen rechtswirksamen Mietvertrag zu begründen , müssen sich die Vertragsparteien über alle wesentlichen Vertragsbestandteile einig sein .
Dazu gehören zwingend der Mietgegenstand , die Höhe der zu zahlenden Miete und die Dauer des Mietverhältnisses .
Formvorschriften für eine wirksame Entstehung eines Mietvertrages existieren bis auf seltene Ausnahmen nicht .
Demnach ist auch ein mündlich oder konkludent abgeschlossener Mietvertrag gültig .
In der Praxis werden oftmals Formularmietverträge , die beispielsweise bei einem lokalen Mieterbund oder sonstigen Mietvereinen erhältlich sind , verwendet .
Möglich ist natürlich auch eine freie Ausgestaltung des Vertrages .
Ist ein Mietvertrag wirksam zustande gekommen , entstehen dadurch für den Vermieter und den Mieter Rechtspflichten .
Gemäß § 535 I BGB besteht die Hauptpflicht des Mieters in der Gebrauchsüberlassung der Mietsache .
Zudem ist er verpflichtet , die Sache während der gesamten Mietzeit in einem solchen Zustand zu erhalten , dass es dem Mieter möglich ist , die Sache zum vereinbarten Zweck zu verwenden .
Nach den gesetzlichen Bestimmungen fallen darunter auch Schönheitsreparaturen , die jedoch häufig durch eine anderweitige Vereinbarung im Mietvertrag auf den Mieter abgewälzt werden .
Die Hauptpflicht des Mieters besteht gemäß § 535 II in der Zahlung des vereinbarten Mietzinses .
Mietmängel und Mietminderung
Kommt der Vermieter seiner gesetzlich normierten Hauptpflicht nicht nach , kann ein Mietmangel entstehen .
Ein solcher Mietmangel liegt vor , wenn die vereinbarte Beschaffenheit der Sache nachteilig vom tatsächlichen Zustand abweicht .
Auf ein Verschulden des Vermieters kommt es nicht an .
Entscheidend für die Feststellung eines Mangels sind dabei häufig die Festsetzungen im Mietvertrag , da durch die dortige Absprache der Nutzungszweck konkretisiert wurde .
Sollte es an einer solchen vorherigen Individualabrede fehlen , sind objektive Kriterien maßgeblich .
Es ist dann darauf abzustellen , ob die gemietete Sache noch zum gewöhnlichen Gebrauch taugt .
B ei Wohnungen wird dabei oftmals auf den üblichen Standard von vergleichbaren Wohnungen abgestellt .
Ein Mietmangel muss nicht in der Mietsache selbst begründet sein .
So können auch äußere Einflüsse , wie zum Beispiel Baustellenlärm , die unmittelbar auf das Mietobjekt einwirken , einen Mangel darstellen .
Wurde ein erheblicher Mangel an der Mietsache festgestellt , stehen dem Mieter verschiedene Rechte zu .
Der Mieter kann beispielsweise die Beseitigung des Mangels durch den Vermieter verlangen .
Für den Zeitraum zwischen dem Auftreten und der Beseitigung des Mangels bestimmt das Gesetz , dass die Miete automatisch gemindert ist .
Dies bedeutet , dass die Mietminderung nicht ausdrücklich geltend gemacht werden muss .
Der Mieter hat also dem Vermieter lediglich den Mangel anzuzeigen , eine Mitteilung über die Absicht , die Miete mindern zu wollen , kann allerdings unterbleiben .
Die Betriebs - und Nebenkostenabrechnung
Grundsätzlich muss der Vermieter für die als Lasten bezeichneten Kosten selbst aufkommen , vgl . § 535 I S.3 BGB .
Zu diesen Lasten gehören auch die Betriebs - und Nebenkosten von Wohnraum , die in der Nebenkostenabrechnung aufgeführt sind .
In der Nebenkostenabrechnung werden sämtliche Kosten aufgeführt , die nach der Betriebskostenverordnung ( BetrKV ) umlagefähig sind und nicht von der vereinbarten Miete erfasst sind .
Da der Vermieter die Betriebskosten nach der gesetzlichen Regelung selbst zu tragen hat , muss der Mieter diese Mietnebenkosten nur zahlen , wenn dies im Mietvertrag vereinbart wurde .
Eine fehlende Vereinbarung über die Betriebskosten im Mietvertrag ist allerdings die absolute Ausnahme .
Dabei ist zu beachten , dass die Nebenkosten fortwährend aus laufenden Kosten entstehen müssen .
Ein einmaliges Anfallen von Kosten rechtfertigt keineswegs die Annahme von Betriebskosten .
Typische Nebenkosten im Bereich der Wohnraummiete sind laufende öffentliche Lasten wie die Grundsteuer , die Wasserversorgung , der Betrieb der zentralen Heizungsanlage oder die Müllabfuhrgebühren .
Der Vermieter muss in der Nebenkostenabrechnung eine genaue Aufstellung der Kosten vornehmen .
Sollte nicht eindeutig ersichtlich sein , welcher Punkt welche Kosten verursacht , kann der Mieter Einsicht in die Abrechnungen des Vermieters verlangen .
Das Gewerbemietrecht
Im Gegensatz zum Wohnraummietrecht bestehen im Gewerbemietrecht keine sozialen Schutzbedürfnisse einer Partei .
Deshalb gelten die im Wohnraummietrecht vorhandenen Schutzvorschriften im Gewerbemietrecht nicht .
Das Gewerberecht kommt zur Anwendung , wenn die angemieteten Räumlichkeiten nicht zum dauernden privaten Wohnen genutzt werden .
Dabei kommt es nicht auf die tatsächliche Nutzung des Mieters , sondern auf den vertraglichen Verwendungszweck an .
Aufgrund des fehlenden Schutzbedürfnisses der Beteiligten herrscht im Gewerbemietrecht grundsätzlich Vertragsfreiheit .
Dies hat zur Folge , dass hier zum Beispiel kein Kündigungsschutz wie bei der Wohnraummiete besteht und die Kündigungsfristen frei verhandelbar sind .
Wurden keine Vereinbarungen über die Kündigung getroffen , gelten die gesetzlichen Vorschriften .
Ein weiterer Unterschied besteht bei Mieterhöhungen .
Während im Wohnraummietrecht gesetzliche Bestimmungen für eine Mieterhöhung bzw .
Mietanpassung existieren , gibt es solche Vorschriften für das Gewerbemietrecht nicht .
Deshalb werden in aller Regel Wertsicherungsklauseln vereinbart .
Des Weiteren ist die Mietkaution im Gewerbemietrecht nicht auf drei Monatsmieten beschränkt und kann bei wirksamer Absprache auch verzinst werden .
Das Mietrecht birgt hohes Konfliktpotential zwischen Mieter und Vermieter
Im Bereich des Mietrechts kann es aus vielerlei Gründen zu Auseinandersetzungen kommen .
So kann es für einen Mieter zum Beispiel eminent wichtig sein , wann genau das Mietobjekt bzw .
die Wohnung oder Haus als mangelhaft anzusehen ist oder ob die Nebenkostenabrechnung des Vermieters tatsächlich korrekt ist .
Das Hauptanliegen des Vermieters ist die pünktliche und korrekte Zahlung der Miete .
Daneben stellen sich häufig Fragen in Bezug auf mögliche Mieterhöhungen oder die pflichtgemäße Übergabe der Wohnung zum Ende der Mietzeit .
Oftmals scheuen sich die beteiligten Parteien allerdings davor , anwaltlichen Rat einzuholen .
Dies kann beispielsweise in einem guten Verhältnis zwischen Mieter und Vermieter begründet sein .
Bei diesen Gedankengängen wird jedoch außer
Acht gelassen , dass es bei einer frühzeitigen Beratung und Vertretung durch einen Rechtsanwalt in den meisten Fällen erst gar nicht zu Streitigkeiten kommen muss .
Zudem ist ebenso eine Beratung im Hintergrund möglich , wodurch Sie selbst mit ihrem Mieter / Vermieter verhandeln können , ohne ein langjähriges Vertrauensverhältnis aufs Spiel zu setzen .
Wir beraten und vertreten Sie kompetent und engagiert in allen Bereichen des Mietrechts .
Wir stehen Ihnen auch bei Problemen aus Spezialbereichen wie bei einer bevorstehenden Eigenbedarfskündigung zur Seite .
Eigenbedarf ist nicht selten nur ein Vorwand , lassen Sie sich durch uns beraten .
Dabei spielt es keine Rolle , ob Sie unseren Rechtsbeistand als Mieter , Vermieter , Mietergemeinschaft oder Ähnliches benötigen .
Schließlich sei noch auf unser Mietrechtsforum und unsere umfangreiche Sammlung aktueller Urteile aus dem Mietrecht hingewiesen , die wir Ihnen kostenfrei zur Verfügung stellen .
Wichtige Fragen und Antworten zum Mietrecht im Überblick :
Obama ’s financial reform bill : Wall Street breathes a “ sigh of relief ”
25 May 2010
No facts actually “ speak for themselves , ” but some are certainly more eloquent than others .
This item from the Associated Press May 21 , for example : “ Financial stocks climbed Friday , a day after the Senate ’s passage of a financial reform bill lifted one cloud of uncertainty that had been hanging over the industry . ”
The American public , or its less skeptical elements , in any case , might have been forgiven for believing , based on the media ’s coverage , that something substantial had taken place with the passage of financial reform legislation in both houses of the US Congress .
( A House - Senate panel will work out a final version of the bill over the next several weeks , no doubt further removing items Wall Street finds objectionable . )
Typical headlines read : “ Facing down Wall Street , ” “ Ending Wall St. ’s joyride , ” “ Fixing the financial flaws , ” “ Senate passes sweeping reform of big banks , credit ratings , ” “ Milestone reached in finance reform as Senate passes bill , ” etc .
The pronouncements by Democratic Party politicians were equally grandiose , and hollow .
Massachusetts Senator and former presidential candidate John Kerry declared last Thursday , “ Greed on Wall Street left American taxpayers with jobs destroyed and life savings drained , and then to keep the economy from going off the cliff , the taxpayers were forced to bail out the big banks and big interests that made the mess .
It was imperative to restore responsibility and accountability , and today ’s vote is a critical step in that effort . ”
What accountability is Kerry talking about ?
No firms will be broken up or taken over , no banking or Wall Street executives face the hint of a criminal investigation , much less jail time .
When it comes to the billionaires whose thievery has driven the country into the ground , the watchword is “ Let ’s move on . ”
Kerry is spouting nonsense he and other Democrats hope will placate an angry population .
No one in Washington , or on Wall Street , believes it for a minute .
The levelheaded men and women who trade in financial shares offered their verdict on Friday .
As one commentator noted , “ Many financial ETFs [ Exchange - traded funds ] saw their shares surge higher as news of the bill was announced . ”
These included iShares Dow Jones U.S. Financial Services Index Fund , Merrill Lynch Regional Bank HOLDRS , and iShares S&P Global Financials Sector Index Fund , all of which were up more than 2 percent .
AP provided further specifics , “ JP Morgan Chase & Co. shares jumped $ 2.02 , or 5.4 percent , to $ 39.85 , in afternoon trading , while Bank of America Corp. rose 59 cents , or 3.8 percent , to $ 15.89 .
Citigroup Inc.’s stock added 12 cents , or 3.3 percent , to $ 3.75 .
Shares of former investment banks got a boost as well .
Morgan Stanley shares rose $ 1.27 , or 5 percent , to $ 26.91 , and Goldman Sachs climbed $ 6.15 , or 4.5 percent , to $ 142.25 . ”
If the big banks and financial institutions are on the verge of being “ reined in , ” no one is telling them about it .
Naturally , Wall Street would prefer to have no regulations imposed on it at all .
A close second best , however , is a set of toothless measures such as Obama ’s , essentially amounting to more paperwork .
Ingenious lawyers and financial experts are already figuring out the best means of navigating through and around the “ tough ” new regulations .
We predict they will find the work relatively unchallenging .
A New York Times piece summed up the mood in the financial industry , “ As Reform Takes Shape , Some Relief on Wall St . ”
The Times piece notes , “ Wall Street ’s initial verdict seems to be that it could have been much more draconian .
‘ If you talk to anyone privately , there ’s a sigh of relief , ’ said one veteran investment banker who insisted on anonymity because of the delicacy of the issue .
‘ It ’ll crimp the profit pool initially by 15 or 20 percent and increase oversight and compliance costs , but there ’s no breakup of any institution or onerous new taxes . ’ ”
The Times continued , “ Big banks and brokerage firms , experts said , will adjust to the changes , creating new revenue streams to make up for reduced profits , and find ways to work around the new regulations .
In other words , the industry ’s landscape may not be facing an earthquake , after all . ”
No one the slightest bit familiar with the American political landscape and the events since September 2008 will be shocked by this .
The Obama administration , like its predecessor , has intervened in the economic crisis with one central goal in mind : protecting the profits and interests of the large banks and Wall Street firms .
Trillions have been made available to the latter , even as millions of people saw their jobs disappear , their homes repossessed or plummet in value , and vital social programs eviscerated .
The politicians of both major parties rest comfortably inside the pockets of the great and not - so - great financial institutions .
OpenSecrets.org explains , “ Despite the sub - prime mortgage crisis and eventual Wall Street collapse that occurred during the 2008 election cycle , banks still managed to give federal candidates and parties more than $ 37 million in that period . ”
Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton , and US Senators Kerry , Christopher Dodd , Charles Schumer and Richard Shelby have been among the commercial banks ’ most favored recipients of campaign contributions in recent years .
Only a very naïve individual , a political idiot , or an editor of the Nation magazine could imagine that , under these conditions , the American ruling elite would turn on its friends on Wall Street and do anything to impede their money - making , or their capacity to precipitate further and greater financial disasters .
More or less simultaneously with the passage of the “ sweeping ” financial reform bill came the news that Obama ’s Justice Department has decided not to press charges against a former executive of American International Group Inc. , whose dealings in mortgage - related securities nearly bankrupted the company and helped lead to a government bailout worth $ 180 billion .
Austerity for the population , which has been “ living beyond its means , ” which must “ tighten its belt ” … while the looters in expensive suits go about their business .
A growing sense of this reality is generating enormous public outrage against big business , which cannot find any expression in the current political set - up , owned and operated by the corporate - financial aristocracy .
As Bloomberg noted recently , based on the results of its own polling , “ Wall Street Despised in Poll Showing Most Want Regulation . ”
According to a recent Harris poll , only 8 percent of the population expressed “ a great deal of confidence ” in Wall Street , a degree of disaffection only matched by the population ’s mistrust and dislike of Congress .
The public ’s instincts are correct , but a campaign to genuinely “ overhaul ” the financial system will only take place on the basis of a total break with the existing political system .
The only progressive alternative is a broad - based socialist movement developing in the working class and among young people .
Such a movement would rally support behind the demand for criminal investigations of those responsible for the financial collapse , the recovery of the trillions stolen by American corporate interests , an end to foreclosures and repossessions , billions for jobs , education and health care , and the nationalization of the giant banks and Wall Street firms .
David Walsh
David Walsh
Here is a call on facebook — at a Hebrew page , which says that its author is located near Jerusalem– to kill a woman , who has been identified to me as Haneen Zuabi , a member of Knesset of the Balad , Palestinian party , who was on the flotilla .
The graphic from the facebook page is below .
JPost says Zuabi has been given a bodyguard .
Update : here is a screenshot of the page , which has been removed .
[ This is part of the Large Problems in Django Series , see previous entries about : Documentation , APIs , Search , and Database Migrations ]
A lot of Django applications have tasks that they need to perform out of process .
When you are executing a web request , if you try to do all the work that you need before returning to the user , your site will be increasingly slow .
The answer to this problem is to fire off a request to do those tasks , while returning to the user in a reasonable amount of time .
Celery refers to itself as a “ Distributed Task Queue ” , and is the current best of breed in the Python realm .
Why Use Celery ¶
Easy ¶
For the most basic functionality , all you need to do is : move your function into your tasks .
py
wrap it with a @task decorator
call it with task .
delay ( * args ) just like before .
Now , your task is magically running out of process and you can get on with whatever it is your code is meant to be doing .
Network Effects ¶
This is currently the best and most complete application in Python that does these things .
A lot of people are using it , which means that features will be added consistently .
There is also pretty good support in the #celery IRC channel , which usually has around 40 - 50 people in it .
It is being actively developed and all other things being equal , using a tool with a community around it is much better .
Concurrency ¶
The celeryd daemon supports multiprocessing , which allows it to run multiple tasks at once .
You can get “ cheap concurrency ” this way , by loading it up with tasks and having it execute them .
You can also run multiple instances of celeryd across multiple servers , you can get your tasks that run concurrently across servers .
Running multiple instances is also a good way of insuring redundancy in case one of your daemons goes down .
Monitoring ¶
One of the scary things about having remote execution of tasks is that if your daemon goes away , your site will appear not to function .
Celery has an accompanying project called celerymon which provides monitoring services for Celery .
No more hacky cron jobs ¶ I do n’t know about you , but most of the time when I want something to be run in the background , cron is my go to choice .
I ’m ashamed to admit that I ’ve written code that is meant to run in a cron job every minute checking for something to have happened .
However , celery has most of the features that cron has , while giving you real support for deamonizing and delaying tasks .
Being able to retry tasks is a great benefit is has over cron , so when something fails , you can run it again later .
Great documentation ¶
The celery docs are great , including everything from basic setup and example instructions to howtos .
We put it into production at work , and the docs for using redis as a “ ghetto queue ” were great and worked the first try .
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) --
For 30 years Sweden stood proudly at the forefront of the world 's antinuclear movement .
Now , in one of the clearest signs of a nuclear - power renaissance sweeping the globe , it 's striving to lift a decades - old ban on new reactors .
And it 's not alone .
Ballooning energy needs , volatile oil and gas prices , increased competition for dwindling supplies , and rising concerns about global warming are all pushing countries around the world to reconsider nuclear energy .
Meanwhile , memories of accidents like those at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl have faded , while a continuing string of deadly and environmentally damaging mishaps related to coal and oil production have highlighted the downside of continued reliance on fossil fuels .
As a result , nuclear power is being touted by politicians and scientists around the world as an eco-friendly , economical and efficient answer to the planet 's looming energy challenge .
In short , the nuclear option is back on the table .
" The time is very right for having nuclear energy now , " Luis Echavarri , director general of the Nuclear Energy Agency , said in an interview with MarketWatch .
" Something is happening .
The situation is shifting from lots of political and social concerns to issues of financing .
" There is much more social acceptance . "
Thawing resistance
The world 's energy needs are skyrocketing .
Global electricity demand will increase 2.5 times by 2050 , according to the NEA , which has predicted that between 2030 and 2050 the world will need between 23 and 54 new nuclear reactors per year to replace decommissioned plants and to increase power production .
Overall , the NEA , a division of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development , has forecast the number of reactors worldwide growing to between 600 and 1,400 by 2050 , from 430 today .
That represents necessary investment of between $ 680 billion and $ 3.9 trillion , at roughly $ 4 billion per reactor .
A recent political trigger in Europe , the NEA 's Echavarri explained , was the disruption of gas supplies to several European countries during the bitterly cold 2008 - 09 winter , following a pricing dispute between Ukraine and Russia .
The European Union depends on Russia for roughly a quarter of its gas supplies , and the disruption was a wakeup call to EU governments .
" That really drove home the need to have stable and secure supplies , " Echavarri said .
Another key factor behind the Western world 's change of heart on nuclear energy is the technology 's eco-friendly credentials .
Unlike the combustion of fossil fuels , nuclear fission does not produce carbon dioxide .
" We have set some very ambitious targets for reduction in greenhouse gas .
Here in the U.S. we 're talking about an 80 % reduction by 2050 , and when you look at an analysis of what it 's going to take to get there , your options come down pretty quickly [ to ] renewables and nuclear energy , " said Adrian Heymer , head of the Washington - based Nuclear Energy Institute .
In other words , climate change has accomplished in the space of a few years what two decades of lobbying could n't :
It put an end to the industry 's nuclear winter .
" One of the most important factors driving the nuclear renaissance is undoubtedly climate change , " said Christian Taillebois of Foratom , a lobbying group that seeks to promote the use of nuclear energy in Europe .
He added , however , that there are also economic reasons for the newfound appeal of atomic reactors .
" It 's true that the construction costs are very large , but the maintenance and fuel expenses are vastly lower than for other sources of energy , " he said , adding that new plants can be operated for 60 years , compared with 30 or 40 for the earlier generations .
“ ' The situation is shifting from lots of political and social concerns to issues of financing .
There is much more social acceptance . ' ” — Luis Echavarri , NEA
In a study published last month on the projected costs of generating electricity , the OECD found that nuclear is now a more economically competitive source of energy than coal , gas or wind .
It is because of this mix of economic , social , political and scientific factors that nuclear is back on the table for many formerly wary governments .
Several European countries are currently building reactors , including Hungary , Finland and Poland .
Others are proposing legislation to extend the lifespan of current reactors ( Germany ) or selecting sites for new reactors ( U.K. ) .
In the U.S. , President Barack Obama in February launched a program featuring federal loan guarantees worth $ 8.3 billion for the building of two new reactors near Waynesboro , Ga .
And in his budget request for 2011 , Obama has asked for $ 46 billion more .
Read more about recent nuclear developments in the U.S .
Incidents usher in nuclear winter
It was n't always like this .
For years , most Europeans wanted to hear only two words in any conversation about nuclear energy : " phase out . "
After an initial wave of enthusiasm for the civil use of nuclear technology in the 1960s and 1970s , when hundreds of reactors were built throughout the world , a series of accidents precipitated its disgrace .
Three Mile Island nuclear - power - generating station , which suffered a partial meltdown in 1979 .
A 1979 accident at the Three Mile Island plant in the U.S. -- where one of the reactors experienced a partial meltdown and released radioactive gases -- was one of the highest - profile causes for alarm .
The disaster seven years later at Chernobyl , in which a reactor at a Soviet nuclear plant in Ukraine exploded and spread a radioactive plume over large parts of Eastern Europe crystallized the worst fears about the technology and halted the construction of new nuclear reactors in most countries .
See slide show of the worst nuclear incidents .
Sweden was among the first European nations to turn its back on nuclear .
Shortly after the Three Mile Island incident , Sweden conducted a referendum to gauge its citizens ' stance on nuclear power , which resulted in a ban on new reactors and plans to phase out all existing plants by 2010 .
Over the following decade , Germany , Spain and Italy turned similarly hostile to the technology .
The role of France
Through the industry 's ups and downs , one country has remained a constant champion of nuclear power and remains at the forefront of current efforts to rehabilitate nuclear power : France .
The country has the second - highest number of nuclear plants after the U.S. and derives more than 80 % of its electricity from this source .
During the dark years of nuclear , the French provided indispensable maintenance for many reactors and continued to invest in safety and efficiency improvements .
Recently , the country proposed the creation of a civil nuclear institute , based in France , to promote the adoption of nuclear energy around the world and to educate scientists .
There are , of course , business reasons for France 's championing of atomic technology :
The country is home to Areva ( CEI ) , a 90 % state - owned company that is also the world 's biggest builder of atomic reactors .
The company was created in 2001 from a jumble of state - owned industrial assets to create a global nuclear powerhouse , with some 75,000 employees and an order book of more than 43 billion euros .
In December , however , the firm , along with partners GDF - Suez ( GSZ ) and Total ( FP ) , lost a contract worth between $ 20 billion and $ 40 billion over its lifetime to build new reactors in the United Arab Emirates to a lower - cost South Korean rival .
It was a heavy blow .
In France the company was accused of failing to capitalize on the resurgence of demand for nuclear energy and of botching construction of a prototype European pressurized reactor ( EPR ) in Finland .
The reactor , the flagship of France 's latest nuclear drive , is three years behind schedule and more than $ 2 billion overbudget .
Despite these hiccups , ties between the French government and the country 's nuclear industry remain close .
They have always been , sometimes uncomfortably so .
Anne Lauvergeon , the head of Areva , was repeatedly tipped to enter the French government under President Sarkozy .
In the wake of the Abu Dhabi failure , many called for her head and demanded Areva be broken up .
But recent deals , including one to build at least four EPRs for a venture between Enel ( ENEL ) and EDF ( EDF ) in Italy , have helped soothe critics .
Meanwhile , companies throughout the world are looking to board the nuclear bandwagon .
Last month Vladimir Putin said Russia aims to control a quarter of the global nuclear - power market and would boost nuclear - energy use at home , starting with a $ 6 billion investment this year .
Russia 's international nuclear profile is rising quickly , after recent deals in Iran , China and India .
The latter is one of the world 's largest nuclear markets , estimated at $ 150 billion , and is growing rapidly .
India plans to double the share of nuclear power on its grid to more than 8 % over two decades .
Indeed , Asia has embraced nuclear power more enthusiastically than any other region in recent years .
Thirty - seven mostly large reactors are under construction , compared with 18 for the rest of the world .
See full story on Asia 's nuclear ambitions .
Europe , meanwhile , remains a significant and lucrative market .
U.S. - Japanese venture GE
Hitachi plans to sell between 10 and 15 new reactors there in the next 10 years .
Read more about whether nuclear makes a good investment .
The issue of waste
One issue that has helped fuel opposition to nuclear energy , however , is the absence of a stable and lasting strategy for nuclear - waste management , with such waste quickly accumulating as plants around the world approach the end of their licenses .
Used nuclear fuel was originally intended to be stored at plant sites for a few decades in steel - lined concrete pools or basins before being moved to a permanent repository .
Many of these pools have now filled up .
Producers have expanded their storage capacity using above - ground airtight canisters made out of steel or steel - reinforced concrete .
But longer - term solutions are needed , and environmental advocates argue that current disposal strategies offer no guarantee the waste wo n't seep back into the environment , potentially contaminating water supplies and the food chain .
Partly because of the sensitivity of that issue , there 's no common legislation on the issue of nuclear waste in Europe , though a text is under discussion and could be adopted in the latter part of the year .
There are also concerns that , as the waste is stored , the products of fission decay , making that waste less radioactive than it had previously been .
As nuclear waste becomes less dangerous , access to the remaining plutonium -- which can be used to build nuclear weapons -- could grow less problematic .
That , then , presents a risk few are willing to take .
Doctor Who : The Lost Stories
Over the course of the more than five decades during which Doctor Who has been in production , there have been many scripts and story ideas for the programme which never made it into the recording studio .
Some were unsolicited and unexpected submissions , quickly dismissed by the production office of the time .
Others underwent extensive development , only to be derailed at the very last minute .
Here you can find information about every known Doctor Who Lost Stories , including a synopsis of the plot and comprehensive behind - the - scenes details .
You can view the Lost Stories in alphabetical order :
They are also sorted by Doctor :
Dallas : Fastest growing U.S. city
Dallas - Fort Worth grew by an estimated 25 % in the past decade and now has an estimated 6.5 million residents .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The booming Dallas - Fort Worth metropolitan area added more residents during the past decade than any other city in the United States .
According to the latest Census Bureau figures , the population of the sprawling Texas metro area grew by about 1.3 million people , or 25 % , between April 1 , 2000 , and July 1 , 2009 .
The population is now estimated at 6.5 million residents , but an exact count wo n't be available until the 2010 census is complete .
The Palm Coast metro area in Florida had the highest percentage increase in growth .
Its population exploded by 84 % over the nine - years - plus covered by the Census Bureau report .
But even after the jump there were only about 92,000 people living in the area .
Dallas 's attractions include a very favorable business climate , according to Mayor Tom Leppert .
There 's no corporate income tax , building costs are relatively reasonable and regulations are minimal .
" It 's a great place to do business , " he said , " especially attractive for companies from high - tax states . "
Helping to drive growth is the area 's main airport , Dallas / Fort Worth International , the third busiest in the nation .
Its location is far enough south to ensure good weather yet central enough to make it easy to fly to the Northeast , the Midwest and the Pacific Coast .
It is also well positioned for air traffic with Latin American markets .
" Dallas has no port , " said Leppert .
" The airport became a 21st century port . "
What it has lacked in the past -- a vibrant downtown -- is starting to develop .
Recent additions include a huge new arts center , urban park , light rail system and new housing .
These have bolstered the city 's density and made downtown more interesting and fun .
That said , the metro area 's suburbs are booming as well , according to Leppert .
Indeed Rockwall County , northeast of Dallas , is one of the 10 fastest growing counties in the nation .
The Palm Coast story
A different dynamic has boosted Palm Coast numbers .
Development in the area was originally promoted by ITT Corp. , which presented it as a retirement community , according to Palm Coast City spokeswoman Marsha Lidskin .
It remains largely an area of retirees , but some of their kids and grandkids have decided to move there as well .
" I moved here myself , from Chicago , " said Lidskin .
" This is the most beautiful , unknown part of Florida .
Drive up [ highway ] A1A along the coast and all you see are beautiful beaches .
There are no high - rises or strip malls . "
Palm Coast is a throwback to old Florida , before the post - war population boom made it the fourth largest state by population and permanently altered much of its pristine natural beauty .
The area is , however , no hotbed of employment opportunities .
The biggest private employer , Palm Coast Data , a magazine and membership fulfillment company , has fewer than 1,000 workers .
The metro area unemployment rate in April was a stratospheric 15.4 % and the housing market has plunged since the bubble burst .
Average home prices in Palm Coast have fallen by about half to less than $ 120,000 since the peak in early 2006 , according to the real estate website Zillow .
Other big winners
Of course , the census count is more than just an academic exercise created to please number freaks and provoke outbursts of civic pride in the winners and shame in the laggards .
" Census numbers govern the distribution of more than $ 400 billion in federal funds each year , " said Census Bureau director Robert Groves .
" Local governments use census data to plan new roads , schools and emergency services .
Businesses use the data to develop new economic opportunities . "
That means other big population gainers stand to cash in .
Atlanta added more than 1.2 million people ; Houston grew by 1.15 million ; Phoenix recorded a 1.11 million - person jump ; and Riverside - San Bernardino , Calif. , saw 900,000 more residents .
Percentage - increase leaders were St. George , Utah , which leaped 52 % to nearly 140,000 ; Provo , Utah , which grew by more than 47 % to 555,000 ; Raleigh , N.C. , which jumped 41 % to nearly 1.13 million ; and Greeley , Colo. , where the population soared 41 % to 255,000 .
The decade 's biggest loser both by percentage and numerically , was New Orleans .
The city was devastated by Hurricane Katrina and has been in recovery mode ever since .
Its metro area population is still down more than 126,000 , off nearly 10 % from its pre-storm status .
I seem to have reached an impasse with the great majority of my friends , relatives , colleagues and associates – a point that sees us veering steadily in two diametrically opposed directions .
The source of our dissension is the internet .
They feel I ’m forfeiting my opportunity for vastly improved connectedness by avoiding Facebook , Twitter and the blogosphere ; I feel I ’m preserving it .
They tell me I ’m left behind and out of the loop by my choice to shun online social networking ; I ’m flat out struggling to maintain offline social networking .
They believe I ’m passing up chances for establishing an online profile ; I want nothing to do with an identity curated primarily for self - promotion and stoked with compulsive self - reportage .
They tell me I sound like a cranky old Luddite .
The blogosphere , they explain eagerly , is like a vast salon , full of voices and ideas keen for your attention , full of musings on books , films and public events , full of passionately held opinions and lively discussion – exactly what a writer needs .
They make it sound like Paris in the 1920s – a creative ferment , testing my capacity to keep up .
But the closer I look , the harder I find this to swallow .
It ’s gradually come to seem , instead , that the last thing a writer needs is the clamouring , 24/7 , caffeinated babble - fest that now beckons so seductively from the glowing screen .
Do n’t get me wrong – I love the internet .
Access to such a rich store of information is a marvel ; wandering idly among this inconceivably massive repository , a dizzying pleasure .
I confess I still visualise it as an enormous library or filing cabinet that I can go to when I need information about anything from stonemasonry to statistics .
But , in its current incarnation , the net demands more of its users .
You ’re now expected to socialise ; to upload your photos and impressions ; to keep a diary for the whole world to read ; to interact and respond to other users .
That ’s where the internet and I come to a reluctant parting of the ways .
I love the internet , yes , but I ’m not in love with it .
I do n’t want to become one of those addicts who checks their email every five minutes and takes their iPhone to bed .
It ’s a phenomenal tool , but I just want to be friends – and I ’m afraid that for me , ‘ friend ’ is always going to be a noun rather than a verb .
Still , the net hovers eagerly round like a persistent ex who ca n’t quite believe that I meant it , inviting me to ‘ follow ’ businesses and websites on Twitter and Facebook , asking me what I ’m doing right now , denying me access unless I join up , framing every page with a shimmering nebula of flashing ads .
I want the information – the hard - to - find quote , the news story that needs verification , the arcane bit of technical or historical knowledge – but , frankly , my time at the desk is limited and precious enough without informing the world that I ’ve had breakfast or watching videos of someone else ’s cat .
My forays and forages into the world of Twitter , Facebook and YouTube have led me to the uneasy conclusion that the blogosphere is like Paris in the twenties – a place with a small number of dedicated and industrious artists , and a vast throng of untalented hangers - on self - consciously driven to attract attention to themselves .
Even the most passionate net aficionados acknowledge that the web is awash with self - serving junk through which you must wade to find anything of value .
We would like to think , I guess , that we can navigate our way calmly through the dross , filtering it and seeking each other out under a like - minded umbrella of reasoned and edifying discourse – but if we are huddling under that umbrella , it ’s because it ’s raining schlock out there .
Raining cats and dogs , all helpfully uploaded onto YouTube , twenty hours ’ worth every minute .
I ’ve got nothing against schlock – I just do n’t choose to get soaked in it for twenty - two hours each week , which is the time the average Australian spends online .
I suspect , too , that , within the great democratised playing field of cyberspace , it is actually important to pay attention to the junk , the tide of never - ending , self - replicating slush .
For if all the flame wars on blog sites , the thousands of hours of uploaded content and their garbled comments , really do represent the lowest common denominator of the new culture , surely we need to observe and absorb them , since where else is that commonality going to be found , now that the web is not just our library but our source of news , music , recreation , correspondence and culture wars ?
That ’s why the shift into online social networking has wrought such a seismic shift in the way the internet is used – and it ’s the implications of this shift for creative writers that I want to discuss .
Last February
I joined a group of well - known international writers on a two - day retreat prior to Adelaide Writers ’
Week .
The idea was to provide a chance to sleep off jetlag , relax amid tranquil surroundings , and meet and talk with other writers .
Within an hour of arrival , though , the ominous rumour was confirmed – the guestrooms had no wireless broadband !
The writers present were horror - struck .
They hurriedly formed a roster for the single computer available in the hotel ’s office .
They paced like chain - smokers in an airport .
Late at night , I could see them walking forlornly in the moonlight in the adjacent car park , their glowing laptops held aloft like divining rods , searching desperately for a signal .
The topic of wireless deprivation took up , in that brief forty - eight hours , more discussion time than I would have thought possible , resulting in a general rueful recognition that most had a habit they had n’t realised was so controlling .
Maybe I should n’t have been so surprised .
Next time you notice , in a café , the eerie silence as everybody ’s texting , tweeting or staring into their laptop , remember the recent statistics that wherever ten Australians gather , three of them will have Facebook profiles , at least two will use Twitter and one will log onto MySpace .
The technology was supposed to free us – that ’s how it was sold – enabling us to work anywhere , during our own time , and on our own terms .
Now we ca n’t seem to log off , and the long leash has become a choker chain .
Like patients in a hospital carting around their oxygen machines , we ca n’t put our gadgets down .
Half of all users surveyed in one AOL study admitted they were addicted to the internet .
In 2008 , when Gmail crashed for a few hours , Google was flooded with panicked calls .
A study done in the UK examining stress caused by email networks failing showed that 10 per cent of office workers actually physically assaulted their computers when their system went offline ( why ca n’t that footage be on YouTube ! ) .
The BlackBerry ’s not nicknamed ‘ CrackBerry ’ for nothing .
Psychologists have noted that such symptoms suggest an epidemic of obsessive - compulsive disorders .
They cite a range of increasingly common behaviours : the compulsive checking of incoming messages , needing a fix even when you ’re on holidays ; the impatient , abrupt manner adopted in real conversations or avoidance of face - to - face communication in the first place ; poor concentration ; short attention spans ; poor sleep ; frustration and confusion ; increased disinhibition online and decreased empathy in the actual world .
Information consumes our attention .
The more information we are asked to consume in the form of increasing trillions of emails and text messages , the more we need to allocate our ration of attention efficiently to deal with the torrent facing us .
We have , therefore , the most distraction - prone workforce in the history of humanity .
The skills we need to juggle it all – continual switching and pivoting , sorting and prioritising – short - change older and more durable talent to do with memory and learning .
Technology and our use of it has begun to program our brains for speed rather than mindfulness .
And here , for anyone interested in creativity and originality , lies the crux of the problem .
A writer is someone on the lookout , pretty well constantly , for patterns – patterns in speech and events , in forgetful self - disclosure , in the bigger existential narrative .
As Nabokov puts it : ‘ The pattern of the thing precedes the thing . ’
Creativity is about mindfulness and paying close , sustained attention to something .
What makes a poem a marvel is not its brevity or how quickly it can be skimmed , but the evidence of wholly mindful attention the poet has paid to examining its subject matter , and distilling it .
For this reason , solitude and retreat have almost universally been considered essential preconditions for the writing process .
Consciously turning off the stimulus sometimes means removing yourself from your familiar environment – John Cheever famously took an elevator every morning from his New York apartment to work facing a blank wall in a windowless basement – but creativity requires , at its heart , a time of wilful suspension .
When we ’re wired 24/7 , though , nothing can be suspended and there can be no respite .
Constant connection favours instantaneous reaction and response , not distillation of ideas .
In fact , the tendency to believe that our every thought is worth recording as it occurs to us , worth uploading onto our blog or sending to our followers , is a compulsion that blunts our capacity for reflective , private contemplation .
It sets us outside ourselves , the way that a camera brought out at a party changes behaviour from spontaneity to the self - conscious imperative to ‘ act ’ having a good time .
The design of online technology has moved , recently , from nurturing and rewarding a desire for attention to reflecting something that seems even more infantile : separation anxiety .
Announcing the blow - by - blow trivia of your life means you never have to be alone – or learn to cope with being alone .
But mastering isolation , learning to cope with the vacuum of your own boredom , to fill it without the aid of outside stimulus , is , in fact , part of the creative process itself – and avoiding it sticks you in a continuous loop of anxious dependency .
Enthusiasts for Twitter are vehement that constant self - disclosure , the process of stopping several times a day to report on what you ’re thinking and feeling , is an indispensable tool for connecting , making friends and staying on top of everything everybody is doing .
But I do n’t want to stay on top .
I want to stay a little to the side – or even at the bottom .
I want to steer clear of hyperactivity and clamour , to curb the impulse towards automatic disinhibition .
I ’d like to think that words and ideas benefit from time and space before being ground up in the great liquidator of online communication .
In his recent book Reality Hunger , David Shields delivers a broadside to traditional novels , deriding them as works of ‘ essentially nostalgic entertainment ’ .
He sees himself at the vanguard of a new sensibility that celebrates the ‘ seemingly unprocessed , unfiltered , uncensored and unprofessional . ’
His manifesto uses plagiarism as a postmodern creative tool , cutting and pasting a collage of thoughts and aphorisms of other writers , whom he only acknowledges , he tells us , at his publisher ’s insistence – we ’re encouraged to cut their names out of the book .
For a vision of the unfiltered , uncensored and unprofessional , though , you do n’t need to go any further than YouTube .
Plough through any of the twenty hours uploaded in any given minute and it is the mashup that emerges as the most weirdly ubiquitous .
Like more than half of Shields ’ book , a mashup takes extracts from various media and edits them into a new collation .
On YouTube , a new soundtrack is often added by the anonymous masher .
I ’m not being a snob about this – some of these clips are among the funniest and most original things I ’ve found on the net – but if we ’re making accusations of nostalgia , the mashups certainly seem intensely preoccupied with old TV shows , movies , advertisements and songs : popular culture , in fact , as it existed before the web .
‘ It is astonishing how much of the chatter online , ’ says Jaron Lanier in You Are Not a Gadget , ‘is driven by fan responses to expression that was originally created within the sphere of old media and that is now being destroyed by the net .
Comments about TV shows , major movies , commercial music releases and video games must be responsible for almost as much bit traffic as porn … since the web is killing the old media , we face a situation in which culture is effectively eating its own seed stock . ’
This reappropriation and rearrangement is another attribute I find antithetical to creative originality .
Every artist tries to manage the context in which their expression is perceived , so that it makes the sense they intended .
This is n’t about ego as much as to ensure that a precise effect is conveyed , a desire for meaning .
Mashing the work up into a compound product and extracting fragments decontextualises the wholeness of the material .
The connections of the parts in their original context – the experience intended to be conveyed by their original artist – are no longer accessible , and so these qualities will usually be lost .
A sentence of your story posted on someone ’s blog , or movie stills accompanied by someone ’s favourite song on a YouTube clip , removes the context , connection and meaning that makes the original work so idiosyncratic .
What ’s more , the originator has no control over this grinding - up process , any more than you can prevent a self - appointed online critic blithely giving away the ending of your book or a blogger quoting you verbatim from memory – inaccurately and out of context – after a public event at which you ’ve spoken .
‘ As writers , ’ says US author Wells Tower , ‘we need to care hugely about each word , each syllable , its valences , its music , and we need readers who care enough and read closely enough to be susceptible to our art .
I think the internet is noxious to this sort of aesthetic transaction .
When we read something on the web , we skim a paragraph or two , conduct a quick gist harvest and move onto the next story .
What ’s the last great book you read where the pleasure lay not in the slow savouring of the language , but in its gist ? ’
Other writers theorise that this kind of ‘ gist harvest ’ is starting to destroy their capacity to focus and interpret what they ’re actually reading .
Nicholas Carr , in his essay ‘ Is Google Making Us Stupid ? ’ , outlines his suspicions in this way : ‘ What the Net seems to be doing is chipping away my capacity for concentration and contemplation .
My mind now expects to take in information the way the net distributes it : in a swiftly moving stream of particles .
Once I was a scuba diver in the sea of words .
Now I zip along the surface like a guy on a jet ski . ’
He contrasts this with uninterrupted reading on the page : ‘ In the quiet spaces opened up by the sustained , undistracted reading of a book , or by any other act of contemplation , for that matter , we make our own associations , draw our own inferences and analogies , foster our own ideas . ’
When we read online , suggests Maryanne Wolf in her article ‘ Proust and the Squid : The Story and Science of the Reading Brain ’ , we obey the style promoted by the medium , which puts efficiency and immediacy above all else .
We tend to be ‘ mere decoders of information ’ , an experience in which the mind is denied the ‘ deep flow ’ state necessary for the flourishing of creative ideas and complex thinking , just as it is when we are bombarded by jarring , continuous overstimulus .
Wells
Towers describes this flow : ‘ The trick is to will yourself into the hypnotic state where you believe your own language and your own story .
You have to pare out distractions , especially the vast banality of the internet , which I find lethal to fiction writing .
Fiction is so much harder and scarier to write than nonfiction .
It requires an enormous amount of concentration and faith to carve out that little bit of space into which you can insert a world that feels real .
I have a nonfiction desk and a fiction desk , and I ’ve deliberately not gotten wireless internet .
In order to go online , I have to go over to the nonfiction desk . ’
Towers is n’t the only author to have come to that conclusion .
‘ It ’s doubtful that anyone with an internet connection at his workplace is writing good fiction , ’ says Jonathan Franzen bluntly in the Guardian ’s recent ‘ Ten Rules for Writing Fiction ’ lists .
‘ Work on a computer that is disconnected from the internet , ’ advises Zadie Smith in the same article .
Over my desk , to remind myself , I ’ve pinned a list of those symptoms described as typifying likely internet addiction :
Impatience
Disinclination for face - to - face communication
Poor concentration
Decreased attention span
Disengagement
Decreased empathy , increased disinhibition
Frustration and confusion
Go through the list again mentally , naming the opposite characteristic of each symptom described , and you ’ll notice an odd but unsurprising correlation .
Add the need to welcome emptiness , solitude and the mastery of your own restless boredom , and you ’ll have the ideal mental state for writing .
It should n’t have to be a battle to constantly ward off the barrage of stimulus , but at present , it is .
Clearing a space away from the great cacophony of online chatter requires a certain vigilance .
It feels odd to maintain and defend an instinct for privacy , and the conviction that you need to nurture those glimmering ideas in a secluded mental greenhouse for a while before delivering them to the world .
What strange times we live in , that it almost feels an act of subversion to reach behind the computer to pull out the cable , sit in the silence with a blank page , gather your nerves , and start .
A NASA artist 's impression shows that the hottest known planet in the Milky Way galaxy may also be its shortest - lived world .
The doomed planet is being eaten by its parent star , according to observations made by a new instrument on NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope , the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph ( COS ) .
The planet may only have another 10 million years left before it is completely devoured .
The planet , called WASP - 12 b , is so close to its sunlike star that it is superheated to nearly 2,800 degrees Fahrenheit and stretched into a football shape by enormous tidal forces .
The atmosphere has ballooned to nearly three times Jupiter 's radius and is spilling material onto the star .
The planet is 40 percent more massive than Jupiter .
" We see a huge cloud of material around the planet , which is escaping and will be captured by the star .
We have identified chemical elements never before seen on planets outside our own solar system , " says team leader Carole Haswell of The Open University
Credit : NASA / OU / AFP
UK chocolatier issues bonds with dividends in chocolate
A UK chocolate atelier is cashing in on its customers ’ sweet tooth by offering high - interest bonds where dividends are paid in chocolate instead of money .
“ It ’s an alternative way of raising development funds for my company , ” said Angus Thirlwell , CEO of chocolate atelier Hotel Chocolat .
“ Effectively , what we ’re offering is a return which is paid out in chocolate instead of in the normal way of paying the return out in money . ”
Thirlwell pitched the idea to the members of the company ’s Chocolate Tasting Club , with positive results .
“ I wrote to 5000 of our club members to ask them , look , would you be interested in doing this or not ?
And we got a very favourable response back , along the lines of , ‘ This a great example of British enterprise – we love the creativity , we love idea that the funds that you ’re raising are going to be put to very good use , ' ” Thirlwell told Reuters in an interview .
The bonds are available in amounts of £ 2000 or £ 4000 , paying , respectively , gross annual dividends of 6.72 % ( six free tasting boxes a year , retail £ 107.70 ) and 7.29 % ( 13 free tasting boxes a year , worth £ 233.35 ) .
The tasting boxes are created each month with new and experimental chocolates for members of the Chocolate Tasting Club , which are sent out to be tasted – and rated – by members .
As well as giving direct feedback from loyal customers , the tasting club helps support Hotel Chocolat ’s ethical cocoa policy programs , including health care , farmer education and cocoa agriculture schemes .
The money raised with the bonds will also contribute to the ethical cocoa policy , by boosting the company ’s St Lucia cocoa plantation to include processing equipment .
In addition , Thirlwell plans to expand the company ’s factory in Cambridge , open new outlets and expand the business globally .
Enlarge By Michael A. Schwarz , USA TODAY
With $ 80,000 in debt , Carmen Gardiner , 25 , has a degree in psychology but earns $ 13 an hour at a call center in Atlanta .
Bankruptcy would not discharge her debt .
" I 'm completely sour about the whole idea of going to college , " she says .
Bankruptcy filings are nearing the record 2 million of 2005 , when a new law took effect that was aimed at curbing abuse of the system .
Filings could reach 1.7 million this year , says law professor Robert Lawless , but few experts believe that debtors are now gaming the system .
Instead , concern exists about a growing number of Americans who need bankruptcy protection but cannot get any benefit from it or simply cannot afford to file .
As their financial problems worsen , that hurts everyone because it can hinder the economic turnaround .
" It 's shocking that we are back to the 2005 level , " says Katherine Porter , associate professor of law at the University of Iowa .
" And the filing rate does n't even begin to count the depth of the financial pain . "
Bankruptcy laws changed in 2005 because filings skyrocketed and credit card companies and banks wanted to weed out deadbeat borrowers .
The law made it harder — more expensive and more restrictive — for individuals to file Chapter 7 bankruptcy , which erases most debts .
Instead of seeking protection from bankruptcy , a number of debt - laden Americans have gone into a " shadow economy , " or informal bankruptcy , according to some experts .
CONSIDERING BANKRUPTCY ?
Things you need to know NEED HELP ?
Get the facts on bankruptcy READY TO ACT ?
Take smart steps before filing for bankruptcy
The signs are there : Student loan defaults and home foreclosures are rising , and bank card loan defaults have increased from 7.7 % in March to 9.1 % in April , according to S&P / Experian Consumer Credit Default Indices .
But during the same two months , bankruptcy filings fell by 4 % .
Bankruptcy is supposed to provide a fresh start to people who are in serious financial distress .
But only a fraction are filing , Porter says .
' My future is gone ' Carmen Gardiner , 25 , a 2007 graduate of Louisiana State University , is weighed down by her private student loans .
Her debt is now about $ 80,000 , and her monthly payments are more than $ 600 .
Gardiner 's undergraduate degree is in psychology .
She lives with her husband , who is still in college , and earns $ 13 an hour at a call center in Atlanta .
They have a 6 - month - old daughter .
She has n't defaulted on her student loan .
But she does n't see much hope .
Bankruptcy would not discharge her debt .
" I 'm completely sour about the whole idea of going to college , " she says .
" My future is gone before I have a chance to make one .
But if I could discharge this using bankruptcy , it would be better than winning the lottery . "
There is little information about unregulated private student loan debt .
But during an investor meeting , Sallie Mae , the USA 's largest private student lender , recently projected that 40 % of $ 6 billion in subprime private student loans will default , according to Student Lending Analytics , an independent research company .
That means 360,000 to 540,000 borrowers are likely to default on their loans , SLA said .
The only way that people with private student loans can get help in bankruptcy is if they can prove undue hardship .
And to do that they have to go through a separate trial , which is an extra cost , involves witnesses , legal assistance and extra expertise , says Deanne Loonin , staff attorney at the National Consumer Law Center .
It is a huge barrier .
But in April , both the Senate and House introduced legislation to allow for private student loans to be dischargeable in bankruptcy .
Before the bankruptcy law changed in 2005 , only government - issued - or - guaranteed student loans were protected during bankruptcy .
" The high interest rates on private student loans have made them incredibly profitable for loan companies and saddled students with crushing debt , " said Sen.
Dick Durbin , D - Ill. , who first introduced this legislation in June 2007 .
Filers pay now or pay later
Only a fraction of those in serious financial distress are filing for bankruptcy , Porter says .
In January , she and Ronald Mann , a professor of law at Columbia University , released a paper , " Saving up for Bankruptcy , " that probed why that is happening .
For starters , it 's simply expensive to file .
Attorney and filing fees have risen , and under the new law additional forms , paperwork and attorney liability have added to the cost , Porter says .
In the first two years after the law changed , the attorney fees for filing Chapter 7 bankruptcy rose from $ 712 to $ 1,078 , according to a study by the U.S. Government Accountability Office .
And the filing fees increased from $ 209 to $ 299 .
Many debtors have no choice but to delay filing for bankruptcy .
Some wait until they receive a tax refund , and others cash out their retirement savings to pay for a lawyer .
But postponing filing is not good for debtors .
It 's similar to delaying going to the doctor , because you 'll just end up with more problems , says Lawless , professor of law at University of Illinois .
The system is not just more costly , it is more complex .
It requires pre-bankruptcy credit counseling .
It requires six months of income information and two years of tax returns .
And if the debtor holds off filing , a lawyer has to continue to gather new information .
" The paper chase gets greater , and then the fee goes up , " says William Brewer , a bankruptcy lawyer in Raleigh , N.C. Hanging onto their homes Another reason : Many Americans who are trying to save their homes do not file for bankruptcy .
Under the bankruptcy law , filers can protect their summer home and yacht , but they can't protect their primary residence , says John Taylor , president of the National Community Reinvestment Coalition , a non-profit organization .
That was n't such a big issue when home values were rising .
But during the recession , many homeowners are seeing values plummeting and their mortgage payments rising .
Home foreclosure filings have outstripped bankruptcy filings , Porter says .
And foreclosure shows no sign of slowing down .
In the first quarter of the year , foreclosure filings were 16 % higher than the same quarter in 2009 , according to RealtyTrac .
And March was the highest month since RealtyTrac began issuing reports .
Cordell Brooks , 47 , who lives in Temple Hills , Md. , may soon lose his home to foreclosure .
During the recession he was laid off from his job as a graphics designer .
Since then , he has worked as a substitute teacher and now is a contractor with Prince George 's County Housing .
" I 've gone from earning $ 40 an hour to $ 17.50 , " he says .
Brooks , who has owned his home since 1989 , applied for a federal program known as Home Affordable Modification Program ( HAMP ) but was turned down .
He has few options .
He does n't want to file for bankruptcy .
But even if he did , it would n't help him save his home .
" Bankruptcy is not very useful at solving this particular type of financial distress , " Porter says .
Homeowners who applied for loan modifications could have been turned down if they also have filed for bankruptcy .
But as of this month , a debtor who requests loan modification cannot be discriminated against because they have filed for bankruptcy , says John Rao , an attorney at the National Consumer Law Center , which specializes in consumer credit and bankruptcy issues .
And that will help homeowners who are also overwhelmed by other debt .
Is it time for a change ?
When the bankruptcy law changed in 2005 , barriers were erected to prevent abuse .
But it seems that many honest Americans who are in financial crisis are now running into obstacles .
That raises questions about what can be done to prevent debtors from falling through the cracks .
Congress is considering legislation to help college graduates weighed down by private student loan debt .
If passed , the legislation could roll back the bankruptcy law so that private student loans can be discharged .
The Treasury Department has agreed to revise the federal mortgage modification program so that people can't be turned down for HAMP just because they have filed for bankruptcy .
But some say that this is just a Band - Aid .
And now few homeowners are getting permanent mortgage modification .
The 2005 bankruptcy reform did not change mortgage debt .
" Debt secured by a principal residence has not been dischargeable since 1978 , " says Philip Corwin , an outside bankruptcy counsel for the American Bankers Association .
Recent efforts to introduce legislation to allow bankruptcy judges to modify home mortgages have failed .
" If Congress had had the wisdom to pass that three years ago we would have forced all the parties to the table to work out reasonable solutions , " Taylor says .
The financial industry says that the bankruptcy law is not causing the shadow economy .
People can still file for it , and if they can't afford the fees at least the court filing fees can be waived , says Scott Talbott , senior vice president of the Financial Services Roundtable .
And people with student loans who have undue hardship are able to get financial relief .
But undue hardship is extremely hard and costly to navigate , says Lauren Asher , associate director of Project on Student Debt .
There is no definition in the bankruptcy code of undue hardship , and the court decisions on it have been harsh , Corwin says .
Free legal services have been cut back during the recession and are not available for many debtors .
It would help to roll back some of the changes that have increased legal paperwork and risk of personal liability , Lawless says .
The bankruptcy problems are not likely to go away anytime soon .
If Gardiner 's career is stymied because she can't afford to go on to graduate school and is burdened with student loan debt , doors may be closed to her .
" Not going on with her career and being stuck in a low - wage job hurts everyone and drags down the economy , " Porter says .
" It is not surprising that the bankruptcy code is not a fit for the problems of today .
The 2005 amendment was a move in the wrong direction , and I think it 's time to think about redesigning bankruptcy . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Movies in which couples overcome various misunderstandings to eventually hug and kiss as the credits roll ask us to believe that their characters will be together forever .
So I got to thinking : assuming that the couples who get together at the end of movies stay together into the foreseeable future , what must they look like now ?
Surely they are still together , making coffee in the mornings , shuffling children off to this activity or that , taking trips to see plays and figuring out new digital cameras on the occasional Alaskan cruise .
I present the following as aids to your imagination , helping you to picture the lives of these fictional characters extended out ten , twenty , thirty years until the strange story of their first , accidental meeting is family legend retold every Thanksgiving to the grandchildren :
“ You know I used to fly Tomcats in the Navy — well , one day , Grandma waltzed into my classroom at Miramar , and I about flipped my lid .
I told her about a MiG I ’d seen recently , and she tried to freeze me out .
And then I played volleyball for a while with Uncle Iceman . ”
This entry was posted on Monday , June 21st , 2010 at 11:13 pm and is filed under Blog .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
There was more than enough untainted evidence to justify a trial for five Blackwater Worldwide guards involved in a deadly 2007 shooting in Baghdad , the Justice Department told a federal appeals court .
In court papers seeking to reinstate criminal charges , the department asserted that some of the evidence tainted by immunized statements in the case was harmless and did not justify scuttling the manslaughter charges against the guards .
ADVERTISEMENT
In December , a federal judge dismissed the case against the security guards , who had opened fire on a crowded Baghdad street .
Seventeen people were killed , including women and children , in a shooting that inflamed anti-American sentiment in Iraq .
In the filing released Wednesday by the appeals court , the government said the judge who dismissed the charges lost sight of the key question of whether the defendants ’ testimony given under a grant of immunity from prosecution was actually used against them .
FULL STORY FOLLOW BELOW
Imagine for a minute that you are holding an invisible knife .
This is a bit like Adam Smith 's invisible hand of the market , but a little more real , efficient and effective .
You are holding the knife of geographical equality , and will use it to spread something rather than cut .
You are about to take the result of the 2010 general election and change history .
You are not going to alter a single adult 's vote , but you are going to change where they voted .
You will swap them with someone who chose to abstain and , by doing so , will smooth out the Tory vote on 6 May .
An analysis of the election results by constituency shows that the Conservatives won 10,683,528 votes that Thursday , equating to 36.9 per cent of all votes cast and 305 seats ( not including the Speaker 's constituency or the delayed Thirsk and Malton election ) .
Suppose they had won exactly 36.9 per cent of the vote in each seat ; the same number of votes overall , but evenly spread .
This is what you need the knife of geographical equality for .
What the knife does , as you scrape it across the land , is pick up Tory voters from places where they are more numerous than usual and deposit them in towns where they are lacking .
At the extreme , some 14,772 would have to be moved into Dunfermline and West Fife to ensure the 36.9 per cent quota , but most of these could be found from the 13,815 surplus
Tory votes in Richmond , North Yorkshire , the seat with the most " wasted " votes .
What effect would the knife have had on the result ?
The Liberal Democrats would have won 72 seats instead of 57 .
Labour 's number would have stayed the same overall at 258 and the Conservatives would have won only 293 rather than 305 .
A Lib -Lab coalition could have commanded 330 seats instead of the measly 315 that was contemplated as a block .
But the crucial figure is not how many seats the Tories might have lost , had their support been evenly spread , but how many of their voters would have had to move seat in order for their vote to count .
The answer is 1,751,646 .
That 's 16.4 per cent of their entire vote , a percentage which can be called the " segregation index " .
The Tory vote has not been more unevenly spread since 1918 ( at 19.3 per cent ) .
Even as they become more numerous , Tory voters are growing more geographically isolated .
Swing where you 're winning
The isolation of Conservative voters has been growing steadily since 1979 , when it was half the current level .
After it last reached a peak in 1918 , it fell , almost continuously , through to 1959 .
At the same time , the country became less socially and spatially polarised .
Wealth and health inequalities narrowed along with those in voting , which became much less of a geographical matter .
From 1959 through to February 1974 , the level of Tory segregation remained stable , never going above 9 per cent .
In the 1960s and early 1970s , there were Tories everywhere .
One - Nation Conservatives had support up and down the country .
Then , in October 1974 , the segregation index lurched up to 10.7 per cent .
New Conservative voters in the Home Counties swung the party 's support heavily southwards , while in the north and west it fell .
The Tories may have lost that election , but their support had changed geographically and taken the first step on the road towards ever - rising segregation across Britain .
One - Nation Tories felt the cold wind of change .
Margaret Thatcher was appointed leader of the opposition the following year .
In 1979 , she secured her first victory and then , in every general election that followed , including 2010 , Conservative support overall increased slightly more where it was strongest to begin with .
The segregation index increased the most in 1997 , to 13.9 per cent .
These may have been " wasted " votes , but they were also one of the many ways in which the 1997 election was no break from the past .
In May 2010 , it was voters in the best - off constituencies who swung most firmly towards David Cameron , even though so many in those places already voted for his party .
He failed to secure an overall majority because support was lacklustre in the marginal seats .
The last Tory leader who saw the segregation level of his or her vote fall while in office was Ted Heath in the early 1970s .
In 2010 , support swung away from the Tories where it had already been lowest in 2005 .
What does this say for the future ?
It tells us we are living in remarkable times .
The segregation of the Tory voter is greater now than it was in 1922 , and it has been that high and rising since 2001 .
That the Conservatives won the largest minority of seats in a general election , while seeing the greatest increase in support where they needed it the least , shows how little empathy most people in Tory shires now feel for those who live in the cities , or the north , or the countries outside of England .
Kings of the hill
In Sheffield , where I now live , it felt like an apathetic election .
Hundreds of volunteers were pushing leaflets through doors , but there seemed to be fewer posters than before , despite that brief spell of Cleggmania infecting his adopted city .
A few days before the election , I went back to Oxford East , where I grew up , and was shocked to see so many Labour posters again .
Perhaps I should not have been surprised when people in that constituency gave an overall swing to Labour .
I also went to nearby Witney , Cameron 's seat , and passed posters for Ukip and the Tories ( marking out the field boundaries of wealthy farmers , rather than council estates ) .
I asked people there what they thought would happen to the economy after the election and some told me a flood of cuts was coming , but Witney was ( metaphorically ) " on a hill " and would be OK , especially if they voted for " Dave " .
The people of Oxford East have been surrounded by Conservatives for generations .
With hindsight , it is not surprising where voters swung ; but these two Oxfordshire seats represent in microcosm what has occurred across the country .
Those who have most have voted to try to hold on to as much as they can .
Those who have less have not been fooled .
The previous 1918 peak is almost 3 per cent higher than today 's figure , so there is a precedent for the country to become even more geographically divided .
But 1918 was a very strange election ( see box left ) .
In many other ways , we have already become more unequal than we were then - in terms of what matters ( health ) and what we think matters ( wealth ) .
The early casualties of the cuts are the poorest in Britain , who have already disproportionately lost their jobs and their chances of a better home , or even of a holiday , this year .
Fear drove those who have the most to vote in greater concentrations to cling on to what they 've got .
We all need a politics we can better trust .
In more equitable times , we did n't need the knife of geographical equality to help us understand elections .
But then , people who voted for different parties lived nearer to each other .
Danny Dorling is the author of " Injustice : Why Social Inequality Persists " ( Policy Press , £ 19.99 )
1918 - the " khaki election "
The 1918 election , the first to be held under universal male suffrage ( most women had to wait until 1928 ) , was notable for bringing about the sort of pact between the Conservatives and the Liberals that some expect to see in 2015 .
Candidates who enjoyed the official support of the coalition government received a letter of endorsement from the Liberal prime minister , David Lloyd George , and the Conservative leader , Andrew Bonar Law - a document that was seen as crucial proof of their patriotic credentials .
The " khaki election " , so known for its postwar setting , was won by the coalition parties and , after his successful wartime stint , Lloyd George remained prime minister .
The Conservatives increased their seats by 61 to 332 and the Coalition Liberals , standing under that banner for the first time , won 127 .
The anti-coalition Liberals , led by the former prime minister Herbert Asquith , won just 36 seats , an event that many believe marked the beginning of the end of the Liberal Party as a significant force in British politics .
Meanwhile , Labour more than trebled its share of the vote from
7.1 per cent to 21.5 per cent , but ended up with 57 seats - a net gain of just 15 .
There was better news for Sinn Fein , which won 73 of Ireland 's 105 seats , ushering in the UK 's first ever female MP , Constance Markiewicz .
George Eaton
Colors of the
Sorry , your browser does n't support Java ( tm ) .
Siberian Husky
Welcome to the Colors of the Siberian Husky site !
If you 'd like to learn about the Siberian Husky breed and see 250 + different Sibes , this is a very good place to start :
| Siberian Husky Information | Siberian Husky Colors | Color Genetics |
What 's New |
Here you will find over 600 images of 250 + Siberians .
The site includes information on the genetics behind the many colors ( all colors are acceptable )
as well as general breed & rescue information .
The dogs are arranged by color with links to their
owners ' web pages & email addresses .
Whether you are learning about the different colors for the first time , or just looking at the different color coat patterns ,
I hope you will enjoy your time here .
If you have any comments or suggestions , please contact me .
If you found our site useful , please consider promoting the breed
by helping to sponsor Northwapiti Siberian Husky Kennels
in their Iditarod participation .
Sponsorships of any amount $ 5 -$ ???
can be made via check or paypal with more information at www.NorthWapiti.com
Find purebred Siberian Husky rescues at Siberian Rescue or
Available dogs , searchable by breed & location
One can never READ too much about the Siberian Husky ... Especially BEFORE you acquire one !
Add one or more of these books to your collection now !
Be sure to visit our online " Required Reading " section
Words of Wit - A collection of pieces , mostly to amuse
Please Click to visit , if you think our site is worth recommending to others .
Search The Web This Site for Find a particular dog by name or Kennel
This site was once recognized as the number two resource on the internet for information on " Siberian Huskies by Links2 Go " ( Based on the number of times it has been listed as a resource by other sites . )
The Search Engine was discontinued 1/10/2003 due to cost
Siberianrescue.org is # 1 , please consider giving a rescued Siberian Husky a home !!
FastCounter by LinkExchange
¤º°`°º¤ø , ¸¸,ø¤º°`°º¤ø¤º°`°º¤ø,¸¸,ø¤º°`°º¤ø¤º°`°º¤ø , ¸¸, ø¤º°`°º¤
Created by Ann M. Hernandez
Revised : July 08 , 2008 .
© Copyright 1997 - 2008 & beyond !
Please do not " borrow " images or text from this site without asking permission .
We have invested hundreds of hours on this site and ask that you respect our intellectual property .
© Colorized running husky done by me to look like our original Siberian Loki .
We often grant permission to requests from other Siberian Husky sites to include our " Loki " image above , however , we request that the image is NOT to be used as part of any other site banners as it has been part of one of our site banners since 1997 .
The original banner only referenced 100 + siberians .
Below us an updated copy visitors may use to link to our site .
Please , folks - do n't plagiarize .
If you want to make any of the material here available to your readers , just provide a link .
For additional sites related to Siberian Huskies , I suggest the links page of Barkarian Kennels and / or the Working Dog Web page .
We are happy to provide technical assistance to North Wapiti Kennels , Alberta Canada .
Click on the paws to take a run on over to their main page ...
¤º°`°º¤ø , ¸¸,ø¤º°`°º¤ø¤º°`°º¤ø,¸¸,ø¤º°`°º¤ø¤º°`°º¤ø , ¸¸, ø¤º°`°º¤
To learn more about what many call " The Last Great Race " ( The Iditarod Dog Sled Race ) , please visit :
http://www.geocities.com/sunhusky/
¤º°`°º¤ø , ¸¸,ø¤º°`°º¤ø¤º°`°º¤ø,¸¸,ø¤º°`°º¤ø¤º°`°º¤ø , ¸¸, ø¤º°`°º¤
A new chapter ... we are now in association with
Weaver Arabians
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Arabian Horse Research Links
June 1924 – American Indians Became U.S. Citizens
The Indian Citizenship Act of 1924 , also known as the Snyder Act , was proposed by Representative Homer P. Snyder ( R ) of New York and granted full U.S. citizenship to America ’s indigenous peoples , called “ Indians ” in this Act .
( The Fourteenth Amendment guarantees citizenship to persons born in the U.S. , but only if “ subject to the jurisdiction thereof ” ; this latter clause excludes certain indigenous peoples . )
The act was signed into law by President Calvin Coolidge on June 2 .
The text of the 1924 Indian Citizenship Act ( 43 U.S. Stats .
At Large , Ch. 233 , p. 253 ( 1924 ) ) reads as follows :
BE IT ENACTED by the Senate and house of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That all non citizen Indians born within the territorial limits of the United States be , and they are hereby , declared to be citizens of the United States : Provided That the granting of such citizenship shall not in any manner impair or otherwise affect the right of any Indian to tribal or other property . ”
Approved , June 2 , 1924 .
June 2 , 1924 . [ H. R. 6355 . ]
[ Public , No. 175 . ]
SIXTY - EIGHTH CONGRESS .
Sess .
I. CHS . 233 . 1924 .
See House Report No. 222 , Certificates of Citizenship to Indians , 68th Congress , 1st Session , Feb. 22 , 1924 .
Note : This statute has been codified in the United States Code at Title 8 , Sec. 1401 ( a ) ( 2 ) .
President Calvin Coolidge stands with members of the Osage tribe at the White House Ceremony
The Act granted citizenship to about 125,000 of 300,000 indigenous people in the United States ( Those indigenous people that were not included in citizenship numbers had already become citizens by other means ; entering the armed forces , giving up tribal affiliations , and assimilating into mainstream American life were ways this was done ( Peterson 121 ) .
Citizenship was granted in a piecemeal fashion before the Act , which was the first more inclusive method of granting Native American citizenship .
The Act did not include citizens born before the effective date of the 1924 act , or outside of the United States as an indigenous person , however , and it was n’t until the Nationality Act of 1940 that all born on U.S. soil were citizens ( Haas 16 , Haney 29 ) .
Even Native Americans who were granted citizenship rights under the 1924 Act , may not have had full citizenship and suffrage rights until 1948 .
According to a survey by the Department of Interior , seven states still refused to grant Indians voting rights in 1938 .
Discrepancies between federal and state control provided loopholes in the Act ’s enforcement .
States justified discrimination based on state statutes and constitutions .
Three main arguments for Indian voting exclusion were Indian exemption form real estate taxes , maintenance of tribal affiliation and the mistaken notion that Indians were under guardianship , or lived on lands controlled by federal trusteeship ( Peterson 121 ) .
By 1947 all states with large Indian populations , but Arizona and New Mexico , had extended voting rights to Native Americans that qualified under the 1924 Act .
Finally , in 1948 these states withdrew their prohibition on Indian voting because of a judicial decision ( Bruyneel ) .
Under the 1924
Act indigenous people did not have to apply for citizenship , nor did they have to give up their tribal citizenship to become a U.S. citizen .
Most tribes had communal property and in order to have a right to the land , Indians must belong to the tribe .
Thus , dual citizenship was allowed .
Earlier views on the way Indian citizenship should be granted , suggested allocating land to individuals .
Of these land treaties , the Dawes Act , was the most prominent .
The Act would allocate land to individual Native Americans , and because they were landowners and eventually would pay taxes on the land and become “ proficient members of society ” they would be granted citizenship .
This idea was presented by a group of white American citizens , called “ Friends of the Indian ” who lobbied for the assimilation of indigenous people into American society , which they specifically hoped to do by elevating indigenous people to the status of US citizens .
Though the Dawes Act did allocate land , the notion that these should be directly tied to citizenship was abandoned in the early 20th century in favor of a more ambivalent form of American citizenship ( Bruyneel ) .
WIKIPEDIA
MADMIKESAMERICA HOME PAGE
They 've crouched on limousine floors , held their handbags to their faces and spent four long , luxurious days – with the press held at gunpoint – at the world 's most secure conference .
I mean , no wonder the Bilderberg delegates are embarrassed .
They 're strategising to make the world a better place – who'd want to be seen doing that ?
But a few interested souls have slipped past police patrols , clambered up cliffs , fallen off walls , dodged heatseeking helicopters and managed to capture , on film , the richest of the rich and the shyest of the shy .
Have a flick through our gallery of hard - won mugshots and see whether you can spot anyone you know .
Post your guesses in the comments field below , making sure you include the number of the photograph you 're talking about , and which person in the picture you think you can identify .
Please note : if you 're getting stuck , you might want to think about using the list on bilderbergmeetings.org , a site which seems to have appeared from nowhere overnight and is either the closest Bilderberg has ever come to a relationship with the press , or a very clever ( and accurate ) spoof .
Boxing , kickboxing , muay thai , karate – all noble art - forms that have been passed down from generation to generation .
There ’s one striking technique that proceeds them all however – one that you wo n’t get taught down the local boxing gym , and yet it ’s amongst the most effective punches ever invented .
I am of course talking about the favored weapon in the arsenal of douchebags worldwide – the ‘ Sucker Punch ’ .
“ Sucker Punch : to punch ( a person ) suddenly without warning and often without apparent provocation . ”
It ’s the oldest trick in the book , and though your most likely to see it used in drunken fist fights and school - yard scuffles , the sucker punch has also reared it ’s ugly fist at MMA and boxing events over the years as well .
Paul Daley punching Josh Koscheck after the final bell at UFC 113 earlier this month is of course the most recent example of it .
This moment of madness cost Daley his place on the UFC roster .
—
—
Daley ’s blow was far from the first cheap - shot in an MMA bout though .
Here ’s another incident of post - fight fisticuffs as Chico Camus indulges in some smack talk after avenging a previous loss to Marco Daniels , and gets a smack on the nose for his troubles .
—
Despite those two incidents , your more likely to see a sucker punch occur before rather than after a fight .
Take Atilla Kubilay for instance at UK event Cage Rage 11 back in 2005 .
Apparently Atilla is a little hard of hearing because when the referee said “ touch gloves and go back to your corners , ” he thought he said , “ this would be a good time to punch your unsuspecting opponent flush in the face . ”
Oops !
Kubilay , who apparently possesses as much self - control as Joe Pesci ’ in Goodfellas , was somehow given the benefit of the doubt and allowed to continue fighting after a brief stoppage .
He then went on to illegally knee his downed opponent in the face and refused to stop fighting when asked , causing the referee Grant Waterman to administer some instant retribution by damn near choking that fool out .
Mr Waterman , we salute you !
—
Once you start to delve into the murky world of the sucker punch you find some pretty peculiar things .
For instance take the clip below .
As the two fighters step forward for the referee ’s instructions they engage in an “ intense staredown ” .
At least we think it ’s a staredown .
Truth be told it looks more like they are about to share their first kiss .
Note how uncomfortable the referee looks in the background , apparently unsure whether to break them up , tell them to get a room , slowly retreat out of the cage and switch out the lights , or delve into his CD collection and put on some appropriate mood music .
In the end he wisely decides to separate them , at which point the fighter on the right decides to blow his opponent a kiss .
The recipient of said kiss is apparently not too fond of such Public Displays of Affection and promptly knocks him into next week with a vicious right hook .
Ah , unrequited love !
—
—
So , in case you were in any doubt beforehand , the above clip taught fighters that it ’s probably not a good idea to try to kiss your opponent before a fight .
Unfortunately the mischievous Yoshihiro Nakao did n’t get that memo , and at K - 1 Dynamite !!!
in 2005 he thought it would be a good laugh to pucker up and plant a smacker on Heath Herring during their staredown .
Herring returned the favor by planting a fist in Nakao ’s face .
Even better , Herring then attempts to ensure that no one is in any doubt about his sexuality .
“ He tried to kiss me like a homosexual – I ’m not gay ! ” he says loudly enough that everybody in the arena , and possibly even the surrounding parking lot , can hear .
Sorry Heath – too late !
We saw your lips touching another man ’s live on TV – that means your now officially banished from the kingdom of hetrosexuality forever .
—
—
Obviously these punches are pretty blatant and sure to end with an instant disqualification .
Some fighters are more sly though with their use of the sucker punch .
Take Chris Sheridan ( or “ cheap shot ” as he ’s now become known ) , for instance .
In an amateur MMA bout he decided to take sucker punch douchebaggery to the next level .
As the bell rung for the opening round Sheridan raised his hand to initiate the customary tap of the gloves as a sign of respect .
His opponent Jose ‘ Memo ’ Vasquez does likewise , at which point “ cheap shot ” unexpectedly throws a right hand that floors him , and then proceeds to rain down blows until the ref stops the fight .
Technically it was a legitimate win , but it ’s only a matter of time before karma catches up to you .
Sheridan turned pro in his next fight and promptly lost .
His record remains at 0 - 1 .
—
—
Unfortunately the “ cheap shot ” moniker could apply to several other fighters who try to take advantage of their opponents in this way .
Check out a couple of other examples below of fighters who apparently believe that ‘ sportsmanship ’ is a large boat that takes athletes to events overseas .
—
—
—
By now you should probably be realizing that when a referee says , “ protect yourself at all times , ” they ai n’t kidding around son .
Surely that rule does n’t apply when it ’s two family members fighting in the cage though ?
I mean c’mon , if you ca n’t trust your own flesh and blood to show a little respect then the whole world would go to hell in a handcart , right ?
Well ,
If the two cousins below are anything to go by then the end of the world is nigh .
Give them some credit though , after one of them flattens the other with the customary sucker punch they briefly scrap , shake hands and then promptly exit back out the cage .
Perhaps there ’s still hope for the world yet .
—
—
It ’s not just the sport of mixed martial arts that ’s prone to seeing the occasional sucker punch though .
The sweet science of boxing is also known to have it ’s fair share of cheap - shots .
In the bout below the Asian fighter is knocked down , and then caught with an illegal blow as he tries to rise unsteadily to his feet .
This guy is made of stern stuff though , and despite being on Queer Street he gets right back up to his feet and starts wobbling around the ring like it ’s made of jelly in search of justice .
Sadly he does n’t have much success , but he gets 10 /10 for perseverance in my book .
—
—
The commotion in the ring after that last clip is nothing compared to the all - out brawl that takes place in the next video though .
The riot erupts after a disgruntled fighter decided to take the pain of defeat out on his celebrating opponent by going for the good - old - fashioned liver shot ( Bas Rutten would be proud ! ) .
—
—
In boxing it ’s not just the two fighters who have to worry about being caught with an unexpected blow , the referee is in danger as well .
Now I ’m no conspiracy theorist ( I ’m wearing this tin-foil hat purely as a fashion statement ) but I suspect that one of the boxers in the clip below from a Cuba Vs Canada match - up might have it in for the officials .
Why , I hear you ask ?
Well the fact that he knocks one ref out , and then later on punches his replacement might have something to do with it .
—
—
Remember that plucky Asian fighter from a few clips ago that wanted to continue to fight even though he no longer had control over his legs ?
Well there must be something in the water over there because here ’s an Asian referee who tried to do something similar .
In this video the unfortunate official gets in the way of the two fighters at the wrong moment and gets dropped to the canvas .
After displaying what I can only describe as the quintessential “ WTF ?!? ” expression , the referee remembers that he ’s still got a job to do , and he ’ll be damned if he ’s going to let being knocked the f*! k out stop him from doing it .
Watch closely at the 13 second mark of the video below as he attempts to show everyone that he ’s still OK by breaking out into an impromptu version of classic 80 ’s breakdancing move , “ The Caterpillar ” .
Man ’s got mad skills , yo !
—
—
This is supposed to be a light - hearted article , but at the same time it ’s hard to ignore that Boxing is also home to the most sinister sucker punch of all time .
In November of 2001 James Butler snapped after losing a bout to Richard Grant .
As Grant approached him to shake hands
Butler threw a right hook that a medical report would later show broke Grant ’s jaw and left him with a lacerated tongue that would require 26 stitches .
Charged with aggravated assault Butler went on to serve 4 months in jail for the attack .
What he would do a few years later was far worse though .
In 2004 Butler , who had been known as “ The Harlem Hammer ” murdered writer Sam Kellerman ( brother of boxing analyst Max Kellerman ) by attacking him with a hammer and later attempting to set his apartment on fire .
He is currently serving a 29 year jail sentence for the crime .
—
—
We do n’t want to finish the article on such an eerie note though , so instead let ’s head back to MMA where Mark Coleman delivered a less telling blow to the jaw of pound - for - pound great Fedor Emelianenko after failing to land a single meaningful punch during regulation time in their fight at PRIDE 32 in October of 2006 .
—
—
Article by RossC
If you liked this article then you may be interested in some of other recent featured articles :
Neil Young 's stirring Greendale started life in 2003 as a crunchy concept album about the enviropocalypse , and quickly became an indie film .
The inevitable graphic novel arrives in bookstores Wednesday , viralizing the War on Terra for comics geeks and new adopters .
" Neil gave us a lot of freedom to interpret the story , so I think of our Greendale like a cover song , " artist Cliff Chiang told Wired.com in an e-mail .
" [ Greendale writer Joshua Dysart ] and I wanted to create something that readers unfamiliar with the music could appreciate , but also give fans an alternative look at the album . "
What the comic distinctly offers , as one can see in the exclusive panels above and below , are hazily nightmarish specters of environmental dread and lost innocence .
Young 's epic rock opera , recorded with his long - time collaborators in Crazy Horse , conjured dark pictures of a rural community torn apart by oil wars and dumb media .
Chiang 's subdued , surreal art delivers an arresting visual dimension to the rock legend 's spiral narrative that 's as whimsical as it is fearsome .
" The CIA did studies on different media and their effectiveness in transmitting propaganda , " Dysart told Wired.com in an e-mail .
" And it turned out that comics were cheap to make and distribute and caused a lasting impact in the mind of the reader .
We 're a hypervisual animal , and you do n't need anything to receive the message in a comic but functioning eyes . "
The same applies to those comics – like Dysart , Chiang and Young 's Greendale , published by DC Comics ' mature imprint Vertigo – that would employ hypervisuals to critique the new millennium 's mounting ills .
" I would say comics are a perfect vehicle for that , " Dysart said , " if only because we 're egalitarian in our mode of production and consumption .
Much of the medium is stuck in a spandex ghetto .
But that 's largely due to the limited perception the American consumer has of comics .
The truth is we are limited only by our readership , not by our ability as a medium . "
Greendale 's politicized metafiction kicks into overdrive when Young 's devilishly grinning mug shows up on the face of the narrative 's evil stranger , who arrives in town to terrorize the Earth - sensitive Green family with rapacious scams and lethally bad luck .
Young 's die - hard fans can probably spot the rock legend 's avatar elsewhere in the comic .
" I should point out that Jed Green also resembles Neil from the early ' 70s , " Chiang said .
" We wanted you to feel [ Young 's ] presence throughout the book . "
Chiang and Dysart , who 's also penning DC 's perpetual war comic Unknown Soldier , have been Young fans for a while .
They 've admired both his views and his music , and been chiefly impressed by the songwriter 's willingness to express both with compelling conviction .
In an increasingly turbulent new millennium – where even legendarily apolitical bands like the Pixies are being called " cultural terrorists " for canceling a tour stop in Israel , while traditionally hyperpolitical bands like Rage Against the Machine are launching sonic strikes at Arizona – rocktivist lifers like Young are beacons in a mind - numbing popscape .
" I'm a huge fan of Neil , " Dysart said .
" He comes from an era when music was considered an instrument of social change .
To ask him to be something different would be asking a bird to take a bus south for the winter .
But his work speaks to the humanist arc .
First and foremost , his songs are about the politics of being human . "
See Also :
Sortez - vous la tête des grilles
Par Molly E. Holzschlag
« Aerials , in the sky , when you lose small mind you free your life »
- System of a Down
Survolant ma ville de résidence Tucson dans l'Arizona un soir de novembre , je fus étonnée de voir à quel point la structure de la ville épousait les formes d'une grille .
Tucson est une de ces villes américaines très planifiées , et vu du ciel , il est très facile de voir que les designers de Tucson ont réussi à créer une ville dans laquelle tout est structuré par rapport à un plan précis ( figure 1 ) .
Je revenais à la maison de Londres , qui est en revanche bien loin d'être structurée en grille .
Londres est faite de spirales , de cercles , de tangeantes , et semble bien souvent avoir été créée de façon spontanée ( figure 2 ) .
Comme je réfléchissais à cet article depuis quelque temps déjà , les vues aériennes de ces villes m'ont semblé être une bonne métaphore pour le design en grille sur le Web .
Avec les technologies et les techniques actuelles , nous sommes libres de créer des designs en grille — ou bien nous pouvons décider de casser complètement cette trame .
Le fait qu'un tel choix puisse donner un plus grand pouvoir au web designer est incontestable : le véritable défi repose sur la façon que nous avons de « nous débarrasser de notre esprit étriqué » et de penser en sortant du rang .
L'empire des sens
Si nous étendons la métaphore urbaine au web design , nous pouvons voir d'intéressants parallèles .
Les designs basés sur des grilles peuvent être extraordinairement utiles pour créer des sites qui sont prévisibles , dans lesquels il est facile de naviguer , et visuellement accrocheurs .
Les grilles sont très utiles pour aider les designers à mettre en place les éléments , rendant le site simple à utiliser par les visiteurs ( figure 3 ) .
Parmi les avantages d'une telle architecture , on peut dire qu'il est facile de se repérer à Tucson ; un sens basique de l'orientation ou un plan sont suffisants .
Les habitants vous donnent le chemin de leur maison en se basant sur la grille : « J'habite au sud-ouest du croisement de la Campbell Avenue et de Prince Road » .
Les routes et les transports publics vont typiquement du nord au sud et de l'est à l'ouest , ce qui rend les déplacements en ville faciles .
D'un autre côté , les architectes de Tucson avaient pensé à ces plans dans une certaine limite de croissance , et cela a causé d'innombrables problèmes pour maintenir la facilité à se déplacer au fur et à mesure que la ville grandissait en dehors des limites initialement définies .
De plus , les contraintes posées par l'architecture en trame de Tucson n'encourage pas l'émergence de nouveaux voisinages et de nouvelles communautés .
De nombreux résidents de Tucson seront d'accord pour dire qu'il manque à la ville un cœur actif — ou plein de petites communautés uniques — et de ce fait , même si ces endroits existent , et même s'ils sont faciles d'accès , les gens ne sont pas suffisamment motivés pour sortir et les trouver .
Londres , au contraire de Tucson , est un vrai labyrinthe .
Je connais des Londoniens qui ont toujours sur eux un guide de poche de Londres pour les aider à se repérer !
Les voies de transport dans la ville sont telles que les futurs taxis doivent réussir un test prouvant qu'ils possèdent « La Connaissance » pour conduire les traditionnels taxis noirs .
La croissance quasi - organique de cette ville en a fait un endroit où il n'est pas facile de se déplacer .
Mais à Londres , d'intéressants et merveilleux endroits ont émergé , et les voisinages aux saveurs très distinctes sont présents partout — il n'existe pas seulement un ou plusieurs pôles d'intérêt culturel publics , mais une multitude .
Le cheminement est peut - être plus délicat , mais il y a plus d'alternatives , et la plupart des gens sont alors plus motivés pour participer aux diverses possibilités offertes par la ville .
Lorsqu'on examine des designs déstructurés et spontanés , la métaphore persiste .
Comment font les gens pour se déplacer facilement dans des ruelles sinueuses et alambiquées ?
D'un autre côté , le travail visuel peut résulter d'une destruction du système rigide qui est devenu , avec l'âge , courant dans le développement et le web design .
Dans la figure 4 , vous pouvez facilement constater à quel point le fait de casser la mise en page structurée en grille met au défi les designers de conserver la facilité d'utilisation , tout en créant des designs qui sont différents de ce que nous avons l'habitude de voir .
Sous les grilles , la plage
Il est fascinant pour moi , qui suis une maniaque du code plus que du design , de voir à quel point nos designs collent au code .
Je suis certaine que cela est dû aux contraintes des mises en pages en tableaux qui nous ont trop longtemps emprisonnés dans une grille visuelle ( figure 5 ) .
Ajoutez à cela une compréhension de la mise en page par CSS toute récente , et il est alors facile de comprendre les raisons ayant entraîné un tel amalgame .
Les mises en pages en tableaux sont excellentes pour les designs en grille .
Le squelette lui-même reproduit une trame sécifique , et nous avons tendance à nous contenter de remplir les trous avec des images et des éléments qui constituent notre design ( figure 6 ) .
Si nous avons le malheur de créer un design déstructuré possédant une quelconque complexité , nous devons utiliser de nombreuses images dans le document pour parvenir au résultat , rendant alors les documents lourds et compliquant le squelette de base .
Les grilles basées sur les tableaux présentent certains avantages , mais , tout comme avec la métaphore urbaine , une force peut aussi devenir une faiblesse .
Les grilles utilisant des tableaux nous permettent de s'assurer que toutes les cases fonctionnent en tandem .
Vous voulez que toutes les colonnes s'adaptent à la même taille ?
On ne se soucie même pas de savoir comment — c'est le comportement naturel des tableaux .
Vous voulez appliquer un espacement entre les cellules ?
Là encore , pas de soucis .
Mais que se passe - t - il si vous ne voulez pas de cette adaptation automatique ?
La réponse est douloureuse : vous n'avez pas le choix .
Les CSS changent complètement la donne , et c'est pourquoi je pense , comme beaucoup d'autres , que nous n'avons pas encore appris à faire des designs spécifiques au Web .
Ce que nous commençons tout juste à comprendre — en particulier pour ceux d'entre nous qui arrivons aux mises en pages basées sur les CSS après des années d'utilisation des tableaux — c'est que le modèle visuel des CSS permet beaucoup plus facilement de casser les trames et de faire des designs pour des éléments discrets et sémantiques .
Parfait ?
non , car malgré tous les gains rendus possibles par les CSS , nous perdons certaines choses .
L'adaptation des colonnes est un problème récurrent en CSS , tout comme l'espacement des cases .
Le modèle visuel des CSS n'est fait que de lignes et de boîtes .
C'est pareil pour les grilles , n'est - ce pas ?
Bien sûr , si nous le décidons ainsi .
C'est là qu'intervient la principale différence .
Les CSS nous permettent de prendre une boîte — n'importe quelle boîte — et d'en faire ce que nous voulons , indépendamment des boîtes qui l'entourent ( figure 7 ) .
Nous pouvons utiliser la propriété position d'une boîte flottante , et nous pouvons ajouter des images de fond aux éléments .
Du coup , bien que nous travaillons toujours avec des boîtes , nous pouvons les présenter dans de nombreuses déclinaisons visuellement plus intéressantes et techniquement plus efficaces .
Cela permet les designs en grilles , mais également une mise en place bien plus aisée des designs déstructurés , comme vous pouvez le voir sur un des designs que Dave Shea a créé pour CSS Zen Garden , Blood Lust ( figure 8 ) .
La figure 9 montre les différentes boîtes créées par le design en grille déstructuré de Blood Lust , démontrant encore une fois la façon avec laquelle les CSS nous permettent de créer des trames déstructurées en utilisant des boîtes qui sont en relation avec d'autres tout en restant indépendantes de ces dernières .
Au fur et à mesure que nous comprenons ce que nous pouvons faire à l'aide de boîtes , notre capacité à casser cette grille qui nous a retenus captifs pendant si longtemps devient beaucoup plus claire .
Observons ce design ( figure 10 ) , qui peut être considéré comme très déstructuré , voire carrément spontané :
Et regardons aussi les boîtes sous - jacentes positionnées en utilisant les CSS :
Non seulement le balisage devient plus aéré , mais les CSS sont très simples à comprendre pour n'importe quel designer familier avec la mise en page en CSS .
Pourtant , la présentation à l'écran est riche et singulière , et montre qu'un design qui n'est pas basé sur des grilles peut être respectueux et tout à fait utilisable .
Vers l'infini et au - delà !
Toute la beauté et le challenge de travailler avec des mises en pages modernes résident dans les options qui s'offrent à nous .
Grâce aux CSS , nous avons des outils permettant la réalisation de designs faciles à gérer , légers et visuellement riches qui peuvent se baser sur une trame si nous le souhaitons .
Mais nous pouvons aussi déstructurer la trame au besoin , voire s'en débarrasser complètement .
Cela ouvre une myriade d'opportunités pour le designer Web contemporain .
Mais il reste un défi , celui de penser à utiliser ces options plutôt que de retomber sur des designs en grille juste parce qu'ils sont familiers .
Pour ceux d'entre nous qui sortent d'années de mises en page à base de tableaux , le défi est particulièrement difficile à relever .
Pour de nombreux vétérans du design web , changer la façon que nous avons de présenter le contenu sans utiliser de tableaux signifie une mutation du système sous - jacent que nous utilisons depuis si longtemps .
Pour certains , cela vient naturellement , mais pour la plupart d'entre nous , il est difficile d'effectuer le grand saut .
Une partie de la réponse repose dans notre propre éducation à propos du fonctionnement des CSS et des navigateurs , mais aussi sur notre volonté à abandonner nos conventions .
Il existe une nouvelle génération nommée « Je n'ai jamais fait de design utilisant les tableaux de toute ma carrière » .
Pour elle , nos anciennes techniques semblent très souvent étranges et limitées , et c'est durant cette génération que nous verrons sans doute disparaître de nombreuses conventions qui ont émergées durant la dernière décennie .
La Toile devient mature , nos approches vis -à - vis de cette dernière changent , nos chances d'innovations et de créativité étant plus proches que jamais .
Nous ne sommes plus limités à une ville planifiée ; nous pouvons créer des designs uniques et tout à fait fonctionnels .
En tant que coalition , les vétérans chevronnés et la jeunesse spontanée actuelle nous montrent , comme une provocation , que le web d'aujourd ' hui ne ressemble à rien de ce à quoi il ressemblera demain .
Et dans l'ensemble , je suis certaine que vous serez d'accord pour dire que c'est une excellente nouvelle .
Lectures suggérées
L'auteur souhaite signaler les articles de Mark Boulton à propos des systèmes en grilles , ainsi que le livre Making and Breaking the Grid de Timothy Samara , Rockport Publishers , 2002 .
