Have you ever played a game that you really liked , but certain parts of it disappointed you ( for the record , I totally dig Tom Francis ’ proposed ending to BioShock ) ?
Did the lack of knowledge pertaining to the developer ’s budget / timeline / goals / etc. , stop you from thinking “ Why did n’t they do it * this* way ? ”
If you ’re passionate about a particular title , then probably not .
And why should it ?
As the end - user , you ultimately care about your own experience , and a game ’s faults might seem all the more painful if seemingly obvious and feasible changes could have eliminated them .
For me , that game is Tokyo Jungle , and here ’s what I think would have made it better :
Interface
Let ’s start with the easy , somewhat less subjective field of UI .
I do n’t think anyone reading this enjoys manually scrolling through the thousands of words that make up a typical EULA ( and sometimes studios do n’t even want to write their own ) .
The fact that Tokyo Jungle pops up a EULA every time you start the damn game is infuriating .
It should n’t be there at all , really , especially since its only online component is a global leaderboard .
The leaderboard is not all that great either .
It takes a very long time to load , and it ’s retrieved whenever you finish playing Survival mode .
Why not do it in a separate thread and let the user move on ?
Or at least only force this path if the player has gotten a new high score ?
What makes the delay even more frustrating is that it needs to be endured in order to register all the unlockables of the playthrough .
Simply quitting a game does not record any of the collected items , story mode pieces , etc. , which should be saved instantly .
Finally , the world map is quite useful , but also somewhat confusing .
Its most zoomed - in level is quite small and does n’t clearly indicate accessible areas .
The location - labels are a bit misleading as well since they contain a bar that fills up and an icon inside the right edge of the bar .
At first I thought the fill indicated my dominance of the area ( how many spots I marked with my animal ) , while the number of icons represented the amount of food within its borders .
Turns out it ’s actually the fill that reflects the quantity of available food , and the icon is just a label for the fill .
To make this indicator more intuitive , the icon should be outside the bar on its left side , or alternatively a “ food ” caption should be displayed within the fill .
Overall Gameplay
Aside from the herbivores ’ double - jump and inability to consume other animals , there ’s not a lot of mechanical variety between the various types of fauna .
Sure , there are statistical differences , but the gameplay is exactly the same .
Expect to see crocodiles scaling buildings by jumping from one extruding air conditioner to another .
Creating custom gameplay for each animal would ’ve been a sizeable undertaking , though , so I ’ll give Tokyo Jungle a grudging pass here .
What ’s less excusable is the stealth mechanic .
For something that ’s presented as a large part of the game — especially for those peaceful herbivores — there ’s no clear way of telling what is an animal ’s zone of awareness .
This is exacerbated by the fact that many animals spot you while they ’re off - screen , especially in lower - left and lower - right corners of the view window due to the perspective of the camera .
The minimap helps to spot these potential threats , but not while it rains , and it ’s more of a band - aid solution anyway .
A circular outline for each animal ’s field of vision would ’ve helped , or at least some arrows on the edges of the screen indicating potential dangers .
A further aid would be displaying the exact threat - level of each animal , and possibly a countdown timer showing how much longer before it reverts to a neutral state .
Toxicity can also be problematic to detect .
Hiding inside of buildings or underneath bridges does n’t seem to help when it ’s raining , and contaminated food is hard to detect due to the very subtle purple visual that can blend in with the background .
Simple icon indicators similar to the alert exclamations could have easily removed this ambiguity .
Surival vs. Story
Despite the annoyances mentioned above , Tokyo Jungle ’s biggest failing is in how it handles its Survival and Story modes .
Tokyo Jungle was originally a retail game , and it ’s painfully obvious that it was modified to fit a price tag .
Story mode — the main campaign — consists of 14 short missions , and each one needs to be individually unlocked by grinding it out in Survival mode .
I suppose this approach greatly extends the overall playtime , but it ’s quite frustrating to progress through the narrative one small step at a time after jumping through some hoops in a completely separate game mode .
This is doubly perplexing as unlocking the story missions often involves a certain knowledge of the game ’s mechanics , but those same mechanics are then explained in the unlocked missions .
The whole arrangement reeks of a production change that was implemented late into the game ’s development .
The story missions could use a few more checkpoints as well , but they ’re quite fun as they contain lots of silly and amusing sequences that slowly unravel the game ’s mystery : what happened to all the humans ?
It ’s a neat premise , and it should n’t be so heavily gated ( especially if it was a questionable way to justify the price since the game was released as an inexpensive downloadable title outside of Japan ) .
Instead ,
Story mode should be featured first and foremost , and the animals played / fought during its missions should then get unlocked in Survival mode .
Survival mode itself is an even bigger mess .
Its main goal is to live for 100 years and complete various side missions to get as high a score as possible .
In order to provide variety and ensure that players get different scores , Survival mode employs randomization and high - threat events / encounters common to roguelikes .
The problem is , all these gameplay systems conflict with each other .
Hunger is greatly boosted in comparison to Story mode ( it takes 90 - 120 seconds to die of starvation ) and the missions are on a strict time limit .
This means you are constantly on the run if you hope to get a high score , which also doubles as the currency for unlocking new animals .
Completing the side missions awards statistical bonuses and unlocks new costumes as well , providing further incentives to rush through the game .
This approach completely invalidates the stealth mechanic , makes exploration of the cool urban environment impractical , and prevents the player from messing around with fun , emergent events such as battle royales of bears fighting chickens fighting giraffes .
The random toxic rains and food shortages add further frustration as they can make some of the side missions virtually impossible to complete .
A better approach would ’ve been to tone down the unreasonable hunger meter and remove any other time pressures .
Next , the randomization could be more prevalent , starting off each playthrough in a different area with a different mission set .
New objectives could come in as old ones are completed , and the resulting pace would let players get comfortable with the game and experiment with its most fun components .
If this led to seemingly infinite playtimes , the randomization could be skewed to provide a gradually increasing challenge .
Better yet , the statistically - boosted animals of other players could enter the gameworld as AI - controlled bosses to help crown the real king of the hill .
Finally , new animals and costumes not present in Story mode could still be used as prizes for playing through Survival mode .
So women are from Venus , men are from B&Q .
Scientists have confirmed what women have always known .
Not only do men speak a different language .
But unless the red planet contains Homebase , Jewson and HSS , that language ain't Martian .
The boffins observed men observing images of women in bikinis and found activity in the part of the brain that salivates over the imminent use of power tools .
And after some time exposed to bikini pictures , in some men , the area of brain that experiences empathy will close down completely .
Many column inches have already been written about the need to remove girly pin-ups from workplaces so the male capacity to reduce complex human beings to sex objects does n't kick in too easily or too often .
Feminists however will conclude that reporting of this news story has itself fallen victim to bikini brains .
Scientists have found a part of the male anatomy dedicated to feelings of empathy – and this is n't the news story of the decade ?
If men are biologically proven to be capable of thinking about other people then the selfish , self - oriented behaviour they tend to get away with must become unacceptable .
Jokes like : " How many men does it take to change a toilet roll – who knows , it 's never happened , " would fail to generate roars of recognition unless most men were currently badly adrift in the empathy stakes .
But now the secret of their inner world lies bare .
Can feel , wo n't feel .
And then there 's the other embarrassing revelation – men have a bit of their brain that combines thinking about drill - bits and thinking about sex .
And we let these people run banks ?
In fact , the only surprise should be that men let anything to do with ( usually ) the opposite sex inside an area that contains power tools at all .
A survey last year found that one in three men now prefers fiddling with gadgets and power tools to having sex .
This may be a tribute to the attractions of machinery and DIY .
Or testimony to the seductive power of the Shed .
Trying to get inside – for women – is like trying to get into Fort Knox .
Easier with explosives .
The invidious nature of male power tool addiction is under -reported .
Addicts get their supplies from programmes such as DIY for Beginners shown at 2 am .
Disoriented by sleep deprivation , men occasionally buy tools that could be described as genuinely useful .
Like a drill for walls and floors , drilling and sanding .
For a true worshipper , this kind of multi-functional , sensible power tool must be resisted .
A true believer must buy the gimmick that offers the least possible value and is guaranteed to be useful only once in its working life .
Like for example a gadget that holds three pieces of wood together at right angles .
This is hugely useful when building a bedside cabinet .
And then … well that 's it .
The truly useless gadget is easily spotted by its price – no pointless tool costs less than £ 39.99 .
And nothing completely idiotic tends to be displayed before 2 am when the male ability to think logically is still fairly high and some women may still be about .
But once the first pointless power tool is bought the die is cast .
Henceforth men will make all sorts of strange excuses to get up in the middle of the night , pretend the multiple gadget home deliveries are actually from Amazon and litter the house with magazines like Screw Fit .
It 's easy to mock , so ridiculous is the male obsession with machinery big and small .
But it 's dangerous too .
Until now women have traditionally been the custodians of the home and men have been custodians of the workplace outside and inside the home .
Thus men do n't care what colour the curtains are , where the bookshelves are to be located or what kind of tiles are going in the bathroom ( as long as they 're cheap and do n't need grouting ) .
In return women do n't care what ludicrous number of power tools and gadgets men are hoarding in their sheds – and we do n't go in .
The result of this cosy arrangement is domestic peace and global warming .
I know this sounds a little Al Gore .
But there 's an Inconvenient Truth about the current gender divide .
It 's a hardware / software thing .
Women get to make decisions about everything soft – children , toilet rolls , food , cushions , duvets , tomatoes .
Men make decisions about everything hard – cars , radiators , sound systems , desks , replacement windows and computers .
As a result women have switched off from all things technical .
And men have run the heating , power and energy supplies to our homes .
And they 've been making a big mess of it .
British homes are the least energy efficient in Europe .
Our tradesmen insist new renewable technologies such as solar panels , wind turbines and even condensing boilers are too complicated to fit ( because they do n't know how to install them ) and insulation wo n't work ( it will ) .
Most men prefer fiddling with solar powered can -openers to getting the planet fixed .
In the bigger picture , pin-up angst and bikini rage are mere distractions .
In Linux , when your entire system freezes , there are plenty of safe ways to exit and get back on track immediately .
Alt + SysRq + ( a selection of other keys ) will do the magic trick .
Note : ' SysRq ' key is equivalent to the ' Print Screen ' key .
In Windows , when your system hangs , you can always press Ctrl - Alt - Delete , wait for the Task Manager to open , and kill the process that does n’t respond .
However , Ctrl - Alt - Delete do n’t always work the way you want it to leaving you no other option but to do a hard - reset , and perhaps as a result corrupt your data kissing your important files goodbye .
In Linux , when your entire system freezes , there are plenty of safe ways to exit and get back on track immediately .
Alt + SysRq + ( a selection of other keys ) will do the magic trick .
Note : ' SysRq ' key is equivalent to the ' Print Screen ' key .
Alt + SysR + K
Alt + SysRq + E
Alt + SysRq + I
Alt + SysRq + L
Alt + SysRq + S
Alt + SysRq + U
Alt + SysRq + R
Alt + SysRq + B
Alt + SysRq + O
If all these ‘ Alt + SysRq ’ keyboard combo are hard to remember , you can press Alt + SysRq +
H to display a helpful list of the shortcuts above .
Kill all processes ( including X ) , which are running on the currently active virtual console .
Send the TERM signal to all running processes except init , asking them to exit .
Send the KILL signal to all running processes except init .
Send the KILL signal to all processes , including init .
Run an emergency sync ( cache write ) on all mounted filesystems .
This can prevent data loss .
Remount all mounted filesystems as read - only .
This has the same effect as the sync combination above , but with one important benefit : if the operation is successful , fsck wo n't have to check all filesystems after a computer hardware reset .
Turn off keyboard raw mode .
This can be useful when your X session hangs .
After issueing this command you may be able to use .
Reboot immediately without syncing or unmounting your disks .
Using this , you will likely end up with filesystem errors , so this is not highly recommended .
Shut the system off right away .
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
Last week , I wrote about 10 Features That Will Make Twitter Better – the response was astounding and many people contributed their own ideas in the comments .
What became clear was the need to write a follow - up article that discusses even more user interface suggestions that can improve the Twitter web experience .
To provide a well - rounded mix of ideas , the article would have to be from a combination of authors that contributed to one article .
What follows are ideas by ten professionals from different various spheres of expertise .
1. Location , location , location : the Twitter @ Locals tab
Jason Finch , Blended Networking Evangelist , The dotSno Project / @dotsno
One of the greatest benefits of Twitter is being able to connect in real - time with conversations going on between those you follow , enabling you to become part of a global conversation on topics in which you have a shared interest .
Any time of day or night you ’re able to jump into the conversation .
Imagine the power of combining this with local knowledge and conversations with local people who you have yet to discover .
Think about who is around right now , on your block , talking about the stuff in which you ’re interested , the strangers in the coffee shop a few blocks away tweeting about the very subjects that fascinate and engage you and who could easily become your friends .
Run along , go meet them !
Introducing a @ Locals tab to Twitter would enable you to connect immediately with those around you in the physical world .
Clicking it would show the tweets happening around you , right now , wherever you are ; integrating the tweets with a 3D virtual world would enable you to ‘ walk through ’ conversations happening in your neighborhood ; it would enable Twitter to show conversation " hotspots " where ideas and thoughts are developing ; it would start your journey into blended social networking , creating a seamless connection between your online conversations and your offline relationships , whether business or personal .
As social animals , we find the human web to be a great place , but nothing can replace face - to - face contact .
The @Locals tab would blend everything by combining " time " and " place " .
Twitter ’s existing location awareness is poor and even third - party applications can rely only on the data presented by Twitter , with some people providing only their city or their country .
By enabling us to accurately specify our location , and by providing the security of allowing us to provide exact location without it being revealed publicly , Twitter could provide us with so many more services on a local basis .
The guy on the next block really needs two extra bottles of vodka for the party and you can join in too if you bring one !
The business owner around the corner desperately needs some flyers printed before this afternoon , you can have the work if you deliver the order to her door .
Traffic is getting backed up thanks to a traffic accident near the location of your next meeting , you can avoid it simply by checking out the local tweets .
We do n’t need to be precise about our location , broad localization can still bring people together , enabling serendipitous discovery of new friends and relationships .
Like the farm - hand who looks for the needle in the haystack , only to find the farmer ’s daughter , so we may find extraordinary new relationships on our doorstep simply by clicking the @Locals tab and interacting with our neighbors .
2. Time Shifting Prime - Time Tweets
Arley McBlain , Web Designer / Developer , Debut Creative / @ ArleyM
By Arley McBlain
The concept of Time Shifting tweets is a simple one and has been used throughout other broadcasting media for decades .
It is my opinion that Twitter , like anything else has Prime - Time .
For example , one of the first web developers I started following was @boagworld .
He is currently in GMT ( +0.00 ) , and I am in EST ( - 5.00 ) .
From my perspective , as an office employee his Prime - Time will be his 9 am – 5 pm .
I am following him and many others to see how the giants of the industry work .
Sadly , when I get to my computer in the morning he ’s already going for lunch !
I am not dedicated enough to see what those I am following have been up to for the morning , so onward the day goes .
Before too long he has gone home and is tweeting about his free time while I am still working away .
While there ’s nothing wrong with his " non-prime - time " tweets , I am following him because of his expertise in the field .
Would n’t it be nice if when you got to your computer you were seeing everyone ’s " hello world " messages in the context of your day ?
The benefits of this are obvious : seeing more of what makes the rock - stars of this industry tick , seeing what your friends from around the world are doing in context of the day .
This feature is not without it ’s problems though .
For one thing it only works for people you are following East of your location .
So what do you do about users to the West ?
The easy answer is " too bad " .
For me , someone like @dburka from the West Coast ( PST - 8.00 ) would have to be either set to - 21 hours ( which is arguably way too long in the twitterverse ) , or have some kind of rotating time scale where the balance of the 9 – 5 pm day wraps - around the next day .
This is disorienting and only works for people using Twitter from 9 – 5 .
Naturally @replying to any time shifted tweets would be senselessly out of context for the followed , but by clicking their tweet you could go to their profile page to see the message in context .
By Arley McBlain
Brainstorming this feature raises a lot of questions .
Would you set the Prime Time by the followed user , or globally for time zones ?
Could I as a Twitter author choose to shift my tweets for those who follow me , or conversely would I have the option to decline time shift ?
Who knows , but I love the extreme example of kids years from now setting Prime - Time to - 20 years to follow the pioneers of the internet in the context of their days .
3. Add Pagination with date select to search through archived tweets .
Charity " Shelly " M. Colvin , Multimedia and User Experience Design Specialist / Texas Dream Designs , @ Texasbrat
By Charity " Shelly " M. Colvin
Currently tweeters often get frustrated when they need to locate a tweet from someone they are following .
Twitter prides itself on the idea that less is best , and on this theory , the best solution to reduce the convolution is to incorporate pagination .
Since tweets are organized by time stamps incorporating a calendar drop down with pagination will enable users to pick which date they wish to view tweets .
This will provide users with a quick and simple method of searching through their archived tweets .
This also practically eliminates the need to press the dreaded “ older ” button a hundred times .
By Charity " Shelly " M. Colvin
Since Twitter is already using pages to catalog tweets , implementation of this feature should n’t affect the results as far as SEO ( search engine optimization ) .
View a clickable prototype
4 . Follow these tweeps !
Adam Pieniazek , Co-founder – Writer , Consultant & Host , The 42nd Estate / @ AdamPieniazek
At one point or another nearly every Twitter user asks the same question : who should I follow now
Twitter could and should utilize our existing connections and interactions to recommend additional tweeps to follow .
There ’s already an application , Whoshould Ifollow , which suggests users to check out , but integrating this feature into Twitter ’s web interface would ease the transition to Twitter for newcomers and help all of us find good users quickly and easily .
For example , say you go to mommyblogger ’s profile and choose to follow her , a small field right below the follow button could show who else her readers are following .
After clicking follow , a box would appear stating : Tweeps who follow mommyblogger also follow IamMom , iTwitmykids , and howtomothermytweeps , with links to those users ’ profiles .
Twitter could also list mommyblogger ’s closest contacts .
After you click follow on her profile , Twitter would list the three users she most often tweets with or about .
Twitter could also implement a you should follow feature in the sidebar that would combine the data from our current relationships and communications to list a few users you would enjoy following .
As you choose to follow or not follow tweeps from the sidebar , Twitter would pick up on your tendencies and then analyze which data set is most likely to suggest someone you ’d actually end up following , refining itself over time .
The addition of user recommendations to Twitter ’s web interface would significantly lower the barrier to entry for new users and keep veterans up to date on the latest people they should follow .
The one big unknown is the effect the extra data and analysis would have on Twitter ’s servers , though much of this data is already there .
If the Twitter team could implement these features without compromising speed and stability , it would greatly improve our ability to find users we should follow .
5. Mark Tweets as Seen
Japheth Thomson , Web Developer , Japheth Thomson / @japh
Monitoring your tweets between all the different avenues available can be quite challenging at times .
At home I use TweetDeck , in the office I use TweetDeck , in between times on my iPhone I use Tweetie , and occasionally I ’m in a spot where I need to use the web .
With so many different platforms , and so many tweets streaming past all the time , it can be difficult to keep track of which ones you have an have n’t read .
TweetDeck has a feature to mark tweets as " seen " , but as this does n’t actual carry between installations , or to other applications , it ’s actually not as useful as it could be .
I admit this may not be as useful for the web interface as it would be across applications .
Having it added into the Twitter API would enable the various applications to utilise the feature , and make for a much more seamless Twitter experience , however you choose to use it .
6. ReTweet Button
Ted Graf , Front - End Web Developer , TedGrafx / @tedgrafx .
For the longest time the need for a " ReTweet " button has seemed obvious to me .
In my opinion it should be a simple , small icon nestled neatly near the " Favorite " and " Trash " icons .
My vision is simple , and would work like this :
Once a user clicks the " ReTweet " button , it would automatically place the entire message you ’re re-tweeting into the Update text box like so : " RT : @username user ’s message " – giving the user the option of adding their own bits to it .
This would save the user the hassle of copying / pasting this every time .
I would n’t know of any reasons why this may hinder this feature ’s implementation .
By Ted Graf
* NOTE : As I ’m writing this I noticed a tweet from @mashable about PleaseRT.me .
7. Newer / Older + Pagination
Ted Graf
I ’ve tweeted @twitter about this in the past and it seems to make sense – at least to me .
I can only speak for myself here , but when I sign on in the morning , I usually want to catch up on what I ’ve missed overnight .
So , my practice has been to go " back " to the page that had my " goodnight " tweet and read on from there , which usually takes me back 5 - 10 pages .
It would be terrific to have the " Older / Newer " navigation at the TOP of the list as well as at the bottom .
By Ted Graf
And while we ’re at it , why not add some page numbering ( pagination ) to that navigation as well ?
This would save the user time by not always having to scroll to the bottom of the page to go back or forward – buy only one page , mind you .
Again , I would n’t know of any reasons why this may hinder this feature ’s implementation .
8. Search users by tags
Joerg Pfennig , Internet Product Manager , Preisvergleich Blog für Deutschland / @websitejoe
What ’s still missing is a tagging for the users themselves .
By allowing users to tag their profile with keywords that they ’re interested in , you will have the option to not only search for tweets with some relevant content in it – but also for user profiles containing these keyword tags .
This is a web 2.0 feature you can already find , for example , on business networking platforms such as Linked In , where you usually tag your main competencies
In Twitter you could use your profile tags to describe , for example , your main interests or hobbies , with which you want to be found by others .
That way you can find users with whom you share the same interests without waiting until they drop " the keyword " in one of their tweets .
Maybe you are a real cat ’s lover – but do you use " cat " in every single tweet because of this ?
See .
To prevent misusage / spam the profile tagging should be limited to a small number like 3 to 5 .
9 . A notification system of relevant tweets
Cesare Rocchi , RIA Designer and Developer , Studio Magnolia / @funkyboy
Twitter is a great source to find smart answer to smart questions .
Many have proven the question - answer scenario : ask a questions a get replies almost instantly and this can be considered the top feature which fits your quick question needs .
There ’s more .
Twitter is a sort of river of thoughts where many people pass by and drop some tip .
If you are interested in a field I think twitter is the best way to have an almost up - to - date knowledge of that field .
But sometimes you do n’t have enough time to sit down by the river and look when an interesting drop passes .
A notification system can be really helpful in such a scenario .
Say I usually am able to keep track of what I am interested in on Twitter .
Say for a week I am out of office ( e.g. to a conference ) and during the day and busy talking and gathering new clients .
For sure I have no time to check out what ’s happening on twitter , and during a week many thoughts pass by in the twitter river .
This can even lead to some frustration .
I could do a quick check in the evening but I might be already overwhelmed by tons of emails .
I suggest to implement a functionality that allows me to set periodical searches over twitter ( by string or by pragma , e.g. # swsx ) and receive the results on the channel I prefer ( email , sms or even im ) .
This way I am sure that someone will collect the stuff that I like and I will receive it the way I like it .
Of course there are potential problems in the implementation of such a feature .
For example databases might not like too frequent searches .
Real time notification over IM ( or push technology to dekstop applications ) can be even more challenging .
In any case
I think such a feature will enormously enhance the fruition of Twitter drops .
10 . Ability to Mark Direct Messages as a Favorite
Invoice Ninja , Guest Writer , SugarPatch / @InvoiceNinja
A new feature that I ’d most like to see Twitter implement is the ability to favorite direct messages .
Obviously the whole point of DM ’s on Twitter is to have conversations privately without them appearing in your feed , and likewise , I do n’t mean that DM ’s should have the ability to appear in the publicly available favorites tab .
What I mean is that within the DM ’s screen , I ’d like to have the ability to star them as well , and have a separate tab to view them .
Twitter has various uses for everyone , and for me , it gives me the means to keep in touch with long - distance friends who are always online but ca n’t call me .
It ’s made it possible for me to turn my tired old cell phone into an instant messaging client of sorts – they can DM me , and I can receive them and reply at any time wherever I may be .
It ’s a wonderful thing , but the end - result is hundreds of DM ’s saved up , and a good handful of them are those special ones where they ’ve really made me laugh or brightened my day .
By being able to star them and pull them up separately , I could reread them without digging through countless pages , and I ’d be sure that I never accidentally deleted them or anything .
I ’m inclined to think that it ’d be very simple to implement , and I can’t really see any drawbacks to it , especially since it does n’t affect the actual feeds whatsoever .
It ’s always a good thing to be able to get a little more organized !
11 . Easier way to post links to tweets .
Maija Haavisto , journalist and medical writer , Fiikus / @ DiamonDie
Twitter users sometimes post tweet links to other users ’ tweets .
Currently the only way to do this is to copy & paste the URL of the tweet and you may also have to use TinyURL or a similar to shorten it , because the URLs are rather long .
Many websites use easier methods of posting links to content on that site .
DeviantART , for example , allows users to post thumbnails of a particular Deviation ( piece of art ) by using the syntax : thumb # ####### : where the #’s denote the number of a Deviation .
Similarly Twitter could allow us to post a link to a particular
Tweet by using the syntax :######## : where the #’s denote the number of the tweet , already visible in the URL .
So you could write :12345678 : and it would translate to a link to tweet number 1234578 .
To make things even easier , the web interface should include a button ( similar to the Reply and Favorite buttons ) for linking to a particular Tweet , which would automatically create a link using the aforementioned syntax .
Got more ideas ?
Share your thoughts on how Twitter ’s web interface can be improved , in the comments .
Related content
In a ruling that could impact thousands of similar cases , a Florida jury has ordered Philip Morris , the largest tobacco company in the US , to pay the family of a lung cancer victim $ 8 million in damages .
[ social_buttons ]
Elaine
Hess presented evidence to the jury showing that her husband Stuart had smoked three packs of cigarettes every day before dying of lung cancer at only 55 .
Philip Morris ’ attorney argued that Hess had the free will to quit at any time , but the jury did n’t buy it .
Elaine was awarded $ 2 million for her loss , and their son David was awarded $ 1 million .
The remaining $ 5 million were awarded as a “ punishment ” to Philip Morris for deceiving the public — and Stuart Hess — about the addictive nature of nicotine .
The Hess family originally asked for up to $ 35 million in damages , but the jury ruled that Stuart Hess was in fact partly responsible for his death .
They decided that the company was only 42 % responsible and adjusted the amount accordingly .
There are nearly 8,000 pending similar cases in Florida alone .
The state supreme court threw out a $ 145 billion class - action suit in 2006 , leaving families to fight individual battles against tobacco companies .
Photo Credit : włodi on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
A hospital has fired 15 nosey workers for peeking at Octomom Nadya Suleman 's medical records without permission .
The Kaiser Permanente Bellflower Medical Centre in Los Angeles disciplined a further eight members of staff and reported the violations of health care privacy laws , and has warned employees to stay away from the records according to hospital spokesman Jim Anderson .
More Nadya Suleman news Octomom ' neglect ' Nadya Suleman ' only a good mum on camera ' Octomom Nadya Suleman is facing neglect allegations after a nurse said she was only a good mum to her octuplet babies for the cameras .
Octuplets mom Nadya Ex-boyfriend : " I 'm dad of Suleman kids " Dennis Beaudoin , an ex-boyfriend of octuplets mom Nadya Suleman , has claimed that he could be the dad of all 14 of her kids after donating sperm .
Nadya Suleman
Octuplets mom has n't had sex for eight years Nadya Suleman admits she has n't had sex for EIGHT years - despite the fact the octuplets mom is mother to 14 children under the age of seven .
More news YouTube ban in Germany Website loses right to show music videos Video website YouTube has been banned from showing professional music videos in Germany after losing a battle with the license provider in the country .
Suleman gave birth to octuplets on January 26 at the hospital , which anticipated that the birth of eight babies would create a media frenzy so started courses in patient privacy laws .
But it seems the lure of knowing more about the 33 - year - old mum - of - 14 proved to much for some workers .
Anderson said : “ Despite the notoriety of this case , to us this person is a patient who deserves the privacy that all our patients get .
This is something we take very , very seriously . ”
Hospital officials said the infringement was discovered during computer security monitoring which showed who snooped at the files and if they had a medical reason to do so .
Anderson said it did n't appear that employees intended to sell the information or disclose it : “ There 's nothing to indicate that the people who looked at the records provided it to anyone else .
You can only guess that this was human nature and curiosity that got the best of people . "
Octomom ’s attorney Jeff Czech said she does not plan to file a lawsuit over the breach , though he suspects employees were looking for information on the sperm donor .
It is unclear whether a state investigation is under way at the hospital .
Octomom Nadya Suleman has been rocked by allegations that she is only a good mother to the octuplets on front of the cameras .
A former boyfriend claimed that he might be the father of all of her kids , while she said she had n't had sex for eight years .
More news
The YouTube website has been banned from showing professional music videos in Germany .
Android application developer Alex Holmes is creating a simple and powerful new way to get your pirated videos : an application that uses your cellphone 's built in camera to scan a DVD bar code , then starts the movie downloading onto your home computer .
Called " Torrent Droid , " the program means consumers who spot a DVD they like at the local Walmart will no longer have to choose between the instant gratification of buying it on the spot , and the frugal – albeit illegal – alternative of grabbing it from BitTorrent .
" I could feel bad about creating a tool that could be used for piracy , "
says the 23 - year - old Holmes , a Bournemouth University software systems student .
" However if I did n't create the tool , someone else would have . "
After scanning the UPC on the DVD 's packaging , the program looks up the number in a database to get the title .
Then it automatically runs a search on your favorite torrent site .
Select the torrent of your choice , and Torrent Droid sends it to your home computer , assuming your PC is running uTorrent with a web interface .
If your broadband connection is fast and the checkout line slow , your movie will be waiting for you when you get home .
Holmes says the program will be for sale on his website , Zerofate , in about a month .
The idea for the application came from the website Android and Me , which offered a cash reward to the first developer who could create a working version for Google 's Android .
Holmes won the $ 90 award with his " very private alpha " version of the software , shown in the video .
( Hat tip : TorrentFreak )
See Also :
8020 Media hoped to revolutionize the magazine business .
Instead , it has circled down the drain , ending up in the hands of shadowy investors after a new CEO with a Condé Nast résumé looted the startup .
That CEO , Mitch Fox , has announced the sale of the company 's assets to a new company called 8020 Media Inc .
If that sounds fishy — 8020 Media buying 8020 Media — it 's because it is .
The buyers include Adorama Camera , a New York - based photo chain owned by Hasidic Jews , and a group of Las Vegas investors — all represented by Brandon Calder , a Montana - based venture capitalist .
An asset sale usually wipes out the company 's current investors — in 8020 's case , Minor Ventures , the venture - capital firm run by Halsey Minor , the founder of CNET , who has hit hard financial times himself .
8020 began life as JPG magazine and its companion website , both of which were founded by the husband - and - wife team of Derek Powazek and Heather Champ .
Powazek and Cloutier cofounded 8020 , which then bought JPG .
Powazek was forced out in a power struggle with Cloutier in 2007 .
Cloutier himself left in a hurry a year later .
Meanwhile , the company hired Mitch Fox , a veteran Condé Nast ad salesman who'd just left the publisher ( or been fired , depending on whom you ask ) , a year ago at a staggering $ 500,000 - a- year salary — a figure Valleywag has verified firsthand through a look at the company 's 2008 financials ( included below ) .
Fox vastly expanded the company , hiring expensive salespeople , launching a travel title , Everywhere , and preparing a fashion magazine .
He more than doubled the company 's monthly losses .
Closing Everywhere did little to staunch the bleeding .
8020 ended the year with $ 300,000 in the bank and $ 3.6 million in losses , and Fox announced that the company was shutting down and putting itself up for sale .
Fox also mishandled the sale .
SmugMug , a photo - sharing service , expressed interest in buying the company .
But then Fox announced that a host of bidders had shown up — at which point SmugMug executives told Fox they were n't interested in a bidding war .
Flickr , Yahoo's photo - sharing service , was also a rumored buyer — until Champ , who had joined Flickr as an employee , shot down the notion that anyone at Flickr or Yahoo was talking to Fox about acquiring the business .
8020 's lessons ?
Do n't hire a Condé Nast guy to run a startup , for starters .
Studies have found that the best predictor of a startup 's success is low CEO pay .
$ 150,000 is the figure many cite .
Above that , startups are more likely to fail , as the CEO lacks the proper motivation to turn the company into a success .
Had Fox paid himself that much , the company would have doubled its cash on hand .
Had he merely kept the burn rate at the level where it was when he took over , 8020 might have had another year of cash in the bank .
And had he not tried to deceive potential buyers into thinking he was running an auction , 8020 might have ended up in friendlier hands .
Instead , to the end , Fox has tried to spin 8020 's sale in as grandiose terms as possible , comparing its fate to the shutdown of the Rocky Mountain News .
Here 's the farewell email he sent :
While it 's unfortunate that neither Hallmark magazine , nor the Rocky Mountain News could find buyers , we were able to swim against the tide and secure a great buyer , AND form this terrific joint partnership between these two companies with shared strategic objectives .
And now , after a hectic 47 days , hundreds , maybe thousands , of emails and countless hours on the phone and in meetings , I am delighted to report that the assets of 8020 Publishing , LLC ( our official name ) have been acquired by 8020 Media , Inc. , a new company formed by a group of private investors , represented by Brandon Calder , for the purpose of executing on the unique vision that led to the creation of JPG Magazine , jpgmag.com and everywheremag.com .
We are also pleased to announce that Adorama Camera Inc. , a renowned leader in photography has reached a multi- year agreement to be JPG's Premier Community Partner and will also become minority owner of the new company .
In this difficult economic climate , business transactions take patience , finesse , intelligence and imagination , and we were lucky enough to find all these qualities in the unique group that brought this deal together .
Above all , the new owners are able to see the immense promise that these properties hold to re-invent the media model and truly put the voice of the medium in the hands of its community Adorama is a unique partner and brings an unrivaled passion for , and long - standing expertise in , the photography industry , which will be evident in the numerous exciting enhancements this relationship will bring to the JPG community .
My role , too , is changing , as I am handing the reins of the company over to my colleague , Mr. Seth Familian , who will become President and CEO of 8020 Media , Inc .
As the key driver behind our digital innovation for the past year , Seth has proven to be an exceptionally capable new media leader .
Seth 's plans for the business are exciting , ambitious and attainable , focusing on creative , yet practical , ways to grow both traffic and distribution , while effectively monetizing both the internet and print properties .
I am sure we will all be hearing a lot about how he will develop these , and other properties on their way to becoming world class businesses .
As Vice President of Product Development for 8020 Publishing , LLC , Seth developed deep respect for the industry and the JPG community .
Seth recognizes that member connection to JPG is the engine fueling its success , so member enjoyment of the site remains his core priority .
He understands how to provide opportunities that enhance members ' experience , and has plans for new ways for members to share their work in many venues , which will all add to the excitement of the site 's development and its value over the coming months and years .
Additionally , Seth and the team are able to now reinvigorate the commitment to JPG's ‘ sister ' property , Everywheremag.com and look forward to developing that title while also exploring other potential opportunities for the company 's business model .
It 's for these reasons that I feel the company is in very capable hands .
I will remain involved in the business as a member of the board of directors , and am excited to help Seth and his team in all ways possible to see 8020 Media , Inc. fulfill its promise and our dream .
In closing , I want to express my thanks to all of you who stayed close during this hectic process , and gave us your good wishes .
It 's always good to have friends checking in at times like this .
I also want to thank Minor Ventures , especially Halsey Minor and Ron Palmeri , for believing in 8020 Publishing , LLC initially , and for working so hard to help set the enterprise off on a path that will launch it to the next level of success .
Below is the contact information for those people involved in the business now , so I guess it 's time to update your address books .
See you soon I hope , Until then , all my best Mitch
Click to view
8020 Publishing Profit
It ’s only March , but pitcher Julian Tavrez already has baseball ’s quote of the year all locked up .
Julian Tavarez , the combustible 35 - year old pitcher showing his less - than - perfect - punching - form above , recently signed a non-guaranteed minor league contract with the Washington Nationals following a good performance for the Dominican Republic in the World Baseball Classic .
This deal comes months after the Nationals had originally offered Tavarez a contract .
So why say yes now , after saying no thanks in November ?
Beer goggles , obviously .
“ Why did I sign with the Nationals ? ” Tavarez said told a group of reporters .
“ When you go to a club at 4 in the morning , and you ’re just waiting , waiting , a 600 - pounder looks like J. Lo .
And to me this is Jennifer Lopez right here .
It ’s 4 in the morning .
Too much to drink .
So , Nationals : Jennifer Lopez to me . ”
His J- Lo metaphor continued when asked if he ’d like be to a starter or come out of the bullpen ( he ’s played both roles during his 16 - year career ) .
“ I would like to be a starter , but it ’s like my father said : ‘ You want Jennifer Lopez , but does she want you ?
No . ’
You just take whatever she is giving to you .
So I just take whatever they give to me . ”
Bernhard Bolzano ( 1781 - 1848 )
Bolzano was a philosopher , mathematician and logician who had important things to contribute in each of these fields .
He ’s probably best known for what he has done in mathematics : the precise definition of continuity when it comes to real - valued functions .
But for my money ( and in my discipline ) Bolzano was worth much more than this .
He was the first philosopher to give a precise analysis of logical consequence in terms we would recognise today .
( This was important for his project of understanding mathematics , and making it clearer , because mathematicians were getting into knots considering infinite numbers , infinitesimal numbers , and many other seemingly paradoxical things .
The 1800s involved mathematicians painstakingly going over old reasoning step - by - step to see if ( and how ) the reasoning worked , and to see where it might go wrong .
You can really only do this if you have a good understanding of how reasoning works .
This is what Bolzano was trying to supply . )
Anyway , he argued that you can tell that an argument from premises to a conclusion is logically valid if and only if it never proceeds from truth to falsity no matter how you change the non-logical vocabulary in the argument .
So
Sally is coming to the party .
If Sally is coming to the party , Jim will be happy .
Therefore Jim will be happy .
is valid because we will never step from truth to falsity no matter how we change the subject matter .
For example
Sally is joining the army .
If Sally is joining the army , she is putting her life at risk .
Therefore Sally is putting her life at risk .
works too .
In fact any argument with the shape
If p then q
p
Therefore q
works just as well .
Note that the closely related shape
If p then q
q
Therefore p
does n’t work , and we can see that it does n’t work by looking at an example :
If it ’s Thursday then it ’s a weekday
It ’s a weekday
Therefore it ’s Thursday
This works sometimes but not all the time .
The premises are true but the conclusion is false on a Friday for example .
Now , it ’s still very much an open question as to what you are allowed to change , and what you should keep fixed when you ’re testing an argument .
Bolzano is really interesting here , because he says that it ’s entirely a matter of convention .
Different rules will give you a different story when it comes to what ’s valid and what ’s not .
And that is pretty appealing to me .
Anyway , Bolzano ’s analysis of logical consequence is a great step in the direction of constructing modern formal logic .
We ’ll see more of where it leads soon .
Read some more about Bolzano at the Interactive Real Analysis website .
George Boole ( 1815 - 1864 )
Boole ’s book The Laws of Thought ( 1854 ) is a landmark in the algebraic treatment of logic .
That is , he showed how treating propositions or statements like quantities results in a pleasing formal structure .
The ideas are simple .
For every proposition x there is its negation ( or denial ) ~x .
The negation of a negation is the original statement ( to deny ~x is to say no more or no less than x ) so ~ ~x is identical to x .
Negation acts sort - of like minus with regards to numbers .
( Sort - of , anyway . )
Similarly , for statements x and y we can form their conjunction x and y and their disjunction x or y .
( To make the algebraic connection clear , Boole used xy for the conjunction of x and y , and x+y for the disjunction of x and y.)
Then x or y is identical to y or x and x or ( y and z ) is identical to ( x or y ) and ( x or z ) .
This makes and and or look a lot like multiplication and addition .
But the analogy is at most an analogy , because unlike the case with multiplication and addition x and x and x or x are just x , and ~( x and y ) is ~x or ~y .
Boole characterised laws that he thought all systems of propositions must satisfy , and the resulting structures are called Boolean Algebras in his honour .
They ’re important concepts to this day .
Here ’s more on Boole : Entries in the Oxford Companion to Philosophy , and the Oxford Dictionary of Scientists .
Then there ’s Boolean Algebra and its Applications showing some hints of where his research has gone today , and Boole ’s original book Laws of Thought is still available today !
Georg Cantor ( 1845 -1918 )
Georg Cantor conquered the infinite .
Well , maybe he did n’t conquer it , but at least gave us a new way of conceptualising infinite quantities , and this is an amazing feat however you look at it .
Everyone agrees that some collections are infinite and some are not .
The collection { 1,2,3} of the first three counting numbers is finite , it ’s bounded .
But the collection { 1,2,3,4,5 , …} of all the counting numbers is not finite .
It ’s infinite or unbounded , it never comes to an end .
Cantor showed that this is not the end of the story at all .
He showed that there are bigger and bigger infinite numbers .
Hold on , you might say , how can things be bigger than infinite ?
Is n’t an infinite collection as big as you can get ?
Cantor ’s answer is a surprising ( qualified ) no .
It ’s qualified because if by “ infinite ” you simply mean “ not finite ” then there ’s nothing bigger than infinite .
However , if you mean to say that there are no collections of things bigger than the collection { 1,2,3,4,5 , …} of all counting numbers , then Cantor can show that you ’re wrong .
But to do this , he needs to explain a little more about what we mean by “ bigger than ” and “ smaller than ” and “ same size as ” when it comes to collections .
This is pretty straightforward when it comes down to it .
Two collections are the same size when you can correlate things from one collection with things from the other collection .
So , { 1 , 2 , 3} is the same size as { Christine , Greg , Zachary} .
These collections have the same size as we can pair them up : Christine ( 1 ) , Greg ( 2 ) , Zachary ( 3 ) .
One collection is at least as big as another collection if you can pair the things in the second up with things in the first , and maybe have things in the first collection left over .
So , for example { Christine , Greg , Zachary} is at least as big as { 1,2} because we can pair up Christine ( 1 ) , Zachary ( 2 ) and have me left over , uncounted .
One collection A is smaller than another collection B just when A is not at least as big as B .
So , A is smaller than B if there ’s no way of pairing things from A with things from B with some things from A ( possibly ) left over .
We try to pair A things with B things , but we ’ve not got enough A things to go around to match up the B things .
This round - about - way of defining things is important , because Cantor wants to say that the collection { 1,2,3,4,5 , …} of all counting numbers is the same size as { 2,4,6,8 , …} of all even numbers , even though the even numbers are inside the counting numbers with some left over .
You ’d think that this means that the even numbers are fewer in number than the counting numbers , but this contradicts our first definition that two collections are the same size if they can be paired up .
We can pair up all the numbers with the even numbers like this : 1 with 2 , 2 with 4 , 3 with 6 , … n with 2 times n .
This is all good fun stuff ( and it ’s mind - bending when you think about what you can do with these infinite collections ) but it ’s not even the start of Cantor ’s real discovery .
Cantor ’s best work was in showing that there had to be collections bigger than the collection { 1,2,3 , …} .
This is a truly tricky piece of reasoning , but I think I can explain it .
Remember how you can represent real numbers between 0 and 1 as decimals , numbers like 0.5 , or 0.32 , or infinite repeating ones like 0.333333 … ( that ’s 1/3 ) or even infinite non-repeating ones like 0.14159 … ( that ’s pi minus 3 ) .
Now Cantor showed that the collection of all real numbers between 0 and 1 is truly bigger than the collection of counting numbers .
Here ’s how he did it .
He said , suppose that you did have a list of all of these numbers : then this list would contain all the numbers between 0 and 1 .
It would look something like this :
0.12345145 … 0.11111111 … 0.34989901 … 0.31415926 … 0.88888888 … . . .
but now , I ’ll show you a number that ca n’t be on the list .
Take the first digit ( after the decimal point ) in the first number , the second in the second number , the third in the third number and so on .
You should be focussing on these digits
0.12345145 … 0.11111111 … 0.34989901 … 0.31415926 … 0.88888888 … . . .
Now , make a new number out of these digits , changing each one by adding one ( and if a digit is 9 , go back to zero ) .
So the number we get is
0.22029 …
and this number could not be in our original list of numbers , because it is not the same as any number on the list .
( The nth number on the list differs from this number in the nth place . )
So , the list you said was exhaustive , numbering all of the numbers , is n’t .
That is Cantor ’s diagonalisation argument , and it ’s a truly creative piece of work , showing that there are different infinite sizes of collections .
The argument can be made more general , to show that for any collection there is one bigger , and that ’s a mindboggling fact which we still have n’t truly come to understand .
( If you think you understand it , ask yourself this : what happens when you apply it to the collection of everything that there is ? )
Here ’s more about Cantor at The St. Andrews History of Mathematics Site and the Interactive Real Analysis site .
Gottlob Frege ( 1848-1925 )
Gottlob Frege is rightly called the father of modern logic .
He helped set the tone and direction for the way we study logic to this day .
Like many people who made their mark in logic , by training he was a mathematician , but his interests were also philosophical .
He realised that the formal techniques of mathematics were good for representing things precisely , but that there were still many more gains to be made .
In particular he thought that languages like German ( his native language ) and English and any other language we actually speak , is filled with ambiguities , inconsistencies and features which lead us astray .
In particular , the similar structures of claims like
Socrates is mortal .
A human is mortal .
( Or “ Humans are mortal ” , if you prefer . )
No - one is mortal .
lead us to think that the same kinds of things are being said in each case : we predicate mortality of Socrates , humanity and no -one in the three statements .
Frege thought this was simply crazy , and that the real structure of what you ’re saying in each case is rather different .
In the first case , we indeed predicate mortality of the person Socrates .
In the second case we ’re not predicating mortality of anything in particular ( or anything in general ) .
According to Frege what we ’re doing is very different : we ’re saying that another statement is universally satisfied .
What statement is this ?
It ’s the statement if x is human , x is mortal .
In saying that humans are mortal , I ’m saying that if x is human , x is mortal is true for any x I choose .
Or more swiftly for all x : if x is human , x is mortal .
And this is nothing like the claim that Socrates is mortal .
It has a very different structure .
The claim that no - one is mortal has a similar feature .
It says not that a particular thing ( that is , no - one ) is mortal , but rather that the claim x is someone who is mortal is not satisfied .
If you like for some x : x is someone who is mortal is not true .
Frege thought that this new way of analysing expressions gets closer to the real structure of the concepts involved .
The new way of writing expressions —- making the form you write closer to the forms the concepts actually have —- is Frege ’s Begriffschrift , his “ Concept Script ” .
This notation looks very weird ( there ’s lots of lines going all over the place , and funny letters in different places ) but it ’s almost identical in content to the language we now call First - Order Logic , or Predicate Logic , and which we teach to our introductory logic students .
Frege ’s insights have stayed with us to this day .
There ’s an entry on Frege in the Oxford Companion to Philosophy .
You can get Anthony Kenny ’s clear introduction Frege at Amazon .
Both are worth reading .
Alexius Meinong ( 1853-1920 )
Frege ’s analysis of expressions helps deal with some of the weird confusions you can get into with language : when you know that a expressions like “ Socrates ” , “ somebody ” , “ everybody ” and “ nobody ” work very differently , you wo n’t get so confused wondering whether the word “ somebody ” refers to a person , and if so , what kind of person he or she is ( male , female , tall , short , logician , whatever ) .
No , you ’ll realise that terms like “ somebody ” , “ everybody ” and “ nobody ” do n’t contribute to expressions by referring to things , but by doing something else : they quantify over things .
Meinong agreed with all of that , but he thought that sometimes there are expressions which genuinely do refer to things , and what they refer to tells us something important about what there is .
He was one of those philosophers who thought that language , when properly understood , is a guide to ontology .
One place where Meinong disagreed with many other philosophers was in the kind of ontology he was prepared to admit on the basis of language .
For Meinong , a claim like “ I ’m thinking of a golden mountain ” might be true , and it ’s true because there ’s something I ’m thinking of .
What is it I ’m thinking of ?
It ’s a golden mountain .
So , there ’s a golden mountain that I ’m thinking about .
Now , are there any golden mountains ?
Do any of them exist ?
I do n’t think so .
It follows that ( for Meinong ) there are two grades of being .
There ’s the kind of being that absolutely everything has , golden mountains , square circles , fictional characters , tables , chairs , you and me .
And then there ’s the kind of being that fewer things have : genuine existence .
You and I exist ( that is , if you ’re not a fictional character reading this ) but fictional characters , square circles and golden mountains do n’t exist .
We can think about them , and they have some properties , says Meinong , but existence is not one of them .
This is a bold claim , and it ’s easy to see why some people do n’t follow Meinong in this view .
Why should language guide ontology in this way ?
( Of course , this is a general technique used by many analytic philosophers to this day .
“ For our speech about x to make any sense , we need to posit the existence of things such as y… ” )
But I think there ’s much more of a problem with the view as stated .
For Meinong , the golden mountain is golden , and it ’s a mountain , because that ’s how I ’ve characterised it .
But it does n’t exist ( there are n’t any golden mountains ) .
Now , what if I try to characterise the existing golden mountain .
It ’s golden , it ’s a mountain , but does it exist ?
No .
So some ways of characterising things work , and others do n’t .
What ’s the difference ?
It ’s a tricky question , and it ’s one that Meinong never really answered .
There ’s an entry on Meinong in the Oxford Companion to Philosophy , and it ’s a real shame that both Karel Lambert ’s Meinong and the Principle of Independence and Richard Routley ’s Exploring Meinong ’s Jungle , the two best books on Meinong ’s ontology , are pretty hard to get .
You ’ll have to steal them from me , I suppose .
Giuseppe Peano ( 1858 - 1932 )
Guiseppe Peano was an Italian mathematician , remembered for what are called ‘ Peano ’s Axioms ’ , giving the properties of the numbers 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , … and the operations of successor ( going to the next number ) , addition and multiplication .
The axioms group into sections .
The first few govern zero and successor :
0 is a number which is not the successor of any number
every number has just one successor which is a number
and that no two numbers have the same successor .
Then for addition we have two axioms :
x added to 0 is x .
x added to the successor of y is the successor of ( x added to y )
And for multiplication we have two more axioms :
x multiplied by 0 is 0
x multiplied by the successor of y is ( x multiplied by y ) added to x
Both batches of axioms tell you how the operation works by showing how it works at the bottom of the scale ( how to add zero or multiply by zero ) , and then it shows you how to do it higher up the scale ( adding the successor of a number , or multiplying by the successor of a number ) in terms of how it works lower down the scale .
Let ’s see one example .
Here ’s how the axioms tell you what you get when you add 2 and 3 .
2 is the successor of the successor of zero , so let ’s write that “ ss0 ” , and 3 is the successor of the successor of the successor of zero , so let ’s write that “ sss0 ” .
In general , if x is some number , let ’s write “ sx ” for the successor of x .
So , to get ss0 + sss0 , the rules say that this is the same number as s( ss0 + ss0 ) , because we ’re adding sss0 ( which is the successor of ss0 ) to ss0 , so the result is the successor of the smaller addition ( ss0+ss0 ) .
Let ’s display this so that we can see it :
ss0+sss0 = s( ss0+ss0 )
Now , what ’s ss0 + ss0 ?
The process is the same : ss0+ss0 = s( ss0+s0 ) .
The rules say we can trade an “ s ” on the right of an addition sign in for one outside the whole addition .
So , we get
ss0+sss0 = s( ss0+ss0 ) = ss( ss0+s0 )
But we can do this one more time .
ss0+s0 = s( ss0+0 ) , so
ss0+sss0 = s( ss0+ss0 ) = ss( ss0+s0 ) = sss( ss0+0 )
But now , we know that ss0 + 0 = ss0 , since adding zero gets you nowhere new .
So ,
ss0+sss0 = s( ss0+ss0 ) = ss( ss0+s0 ) = sss( ss0+0 ) = sssss0
But sssss0 is how we write 5 , and indeed we ’ve shown that 2+3=5 .
You can show lots more things with these axioms , but they do n’t do everything Peano wanted to think about .
In particular , for any numbers x and y at all , you can show that x + y = y + x .
However , with these axioms as they stand , you ca n’t show that for every number x and y , x + y = y + x .
Do you get the difference here ?
The first says I ’ve got a proof for every instance .
The second says that I ’ve got a proof for the general rule .
That ’s a different thing completely .
To show that you ’ve got a proof for the general rule we need something to say that whatever we can prove for the instances of numbers we can pick ( 0 , s0 , ss0 , etc ) goes for all of the numbers .
A rule which does this is the rule of induction .
If something holds of 0 , and if whenever it holds of a number it also holds of the successor of that number , then it holds of all the numbers .
This rule assures us that we can prove statements about all the numbers , like the statement that the order of addition does n’t matter .
Now , proofs of facts using Peano ’s rules are extremely longwinded , and you might be wondering what this is good for .
After all , I already knew that 2+3=5 , and I think you did too .
Peano ’s rules do n’t explain what we do when we count or add or multiply .
They ’re intened to distill to their essence the postulates which govern the counting , adding and multiplying process , even if they ’re not the rules we actually follow when we do things .
( There are many different ways of learning to multiply .
But if you do n’t agree with Peano ’s rules and get the same results as Peano does for his answers , then you ’re either making a mistake , or you ’re doing something other than counting . )
Peano ’s work was essential in clarifying and codifying what counting , adding and multiplying actually involves , and it is another great moment in the work of logicians in the 19th and 20th Centuries .
Peano ’s axioms for arithmetic were n’t actually first invented by Peano :
The great mathematician Dedekind was responsible for the axioms which Peano took up , clarified , detailed and explained , and it was through Peano that the work was disseminated to Russell and Whitehead and their magnificent Principia Mathematica which shaped a lot of work in the 20th Century .
I find it charming that Peano did n’t just do lots of mathematics and logic .
The Oxford Dictionary of Scientists entry on Peano tells us that “ among his extramathematical interests he was a keen propagandist for a proposed international language , Interlingua , which he had developed from Volapuk . ” Quaint .
Here ’s more on Peano from Oxford Companion to Philosophy , and the Oxford Dictionary of Scientists .
The hard core among my readers might like to read Richard Kaye ’s wonderful Models of Peano Arithmetic .
Edmund Husserl ( 1859 - 1938 )
What ?
Husserl was n’t a logician , he was a phenomenologist !
That ’s the cry of my dedicated analytic philosopher readers .
But a response like this is to presume that things in the turn of the 19th / 20th Century looked to their inhabitants rather like we think they should , looking back from beyond the great divide between so - called - analytic and so - called - continental philosophy .
Husserl could n’t have conceived of such a division , and as far as I can tell , he ’s pretty much an analytic philosopher along with Russell , Wittgenstein , and the rest of the gang .
( And hey , did n’t Frege live on the continent ?
And did n’t half of the rest of them ?
It ’s a crazy distinction , the analytic / continental one when you think of it . )
But why does Husserl warrant a place on my list of great moments in logic ?
For two reasons .
The first is to mourn what might have been .
The so - called split which means that people interested in phenomenology ( a detailed analysis of phenomena , the structure of appearance , bracketing out questions of existence ) can’t talk to people interested in logic is a very sad one .
Looking back to Husserl who was active before such a split occured makes me wistful for what might have been and hopeful for what could yet be .
Husserl , the great phenomenologist and the one who inspired Heidegger , Sartre and many others , was a student and assistant of the great mathematician Karl Weierstrass , and for fifteen years he was a colleague and close friend of Georg Cantor .
But Husserl is important too for what he has achieved and what we can learn from him .
For Husserl , along with Frege and others helped get logic out of the quagmire of psychologism ( I ’m showing my cards here by the way I describe this , are n’t I ? ) .
You can see the confusion even in someone as great as Boole .
He calls the laws of logic the Laws of Thought .
And that is confusing because it could mean at least two very different things .
Either you mean the laws governing how people reason ( like laws of physics , which are intended to describe how objects move and interact ) or the laws governing how people ought to reason .
Only the latter kind of analysis gets the connection between logic and thought right , only it gives logic it ’s kind of normative edge , and only this gets the phenomena of teaching first - year logic correct .
( If logic is how people actually think , then why do so many of my students find logic hard to learn ? )
Husserl ’s Philosophy of Arithmetic explores this and related themes .
More about Husserl can be found in the Oxford Companion to Philosophy
David Hilbert ( 1862-1943 )
David Hilbert not only had great style in headwear , he was pretty influential when it came to setting the agenda in mathematics and logic too .
He ’s famous for many of different things , including his work in real analysis ( Hilbert spaces ) and on the Foundations of Geometry , but he ’s most remembered for his 23 problems he set the mathematical community at an international congress in 1900 .
The great moment for me in this work is the spirit in which the enterprise was offered to the community .
These new techniques of proof and rigour and clarity have helped us see these problems and issues anew .
These are clearly stated problem with answers to be found .
We have the technqiues to solve these problems in the affirmative or the negative .
For Hilbert , proof and consistency was at the heart of mathematical technique .
Proof , in clear logical steps , was the guarantee of truth .
Consistency ( the absence of any contradictions or other clashes in your assumptions or axioms ) is the guarantee of existence .
In both cases , logic is placed at the heart of the discipline of mathematics .
Hilbert ’s scene setting was effective : the techniques of Godel and Cohen used to give an answer to Hilbert ’s first problem on the cardinality of the collection of real numbers , and Gentzen ’s proof of the consistency of arithmetic ( dealing with Hilbert ’s second problem ) both used new and fruitful logical techniques .
Not only was logic at the heart of mathematics in a way it never really had been before , but new logical techniques and results were being developed so that it could fill that role .
The place of logic in the heart of mainstream mathematical practice , and not merely in foundational studies , is in part , due to Hilbert ’s conception of the subject .
Here ’s information about Hilbert in the Oxford Dictionary of Scientists .
Ernst Zermelo ( 1871 - 1953 )
Zermelo did for set theory , the mathematical theory of collections or sets , what Dedekind and Peano did for arithmetic .
He was the first to have a bash at working out principles which governed the mathematical practice of set- formation .
The theory of sets mathematicians most often appeal to is a direct descendent of Zermelo ’s original work .
ZF set theory is named after Zermelo and Fraenkel who revised and extended his work .
A nice historical account of Zermelo ’s contribution to set theory can be found at the St. Andrews History of Mathematics site .
More information about Zermelo himself can be found there too .
Jan Lukasiewicz ( 1878 -1956 )
Lukasiewicz is the first beardless logician on our journey , since Boole , and similarly , he ’s the first algebraist since Boole too .
Lukasiewicz is important for many reasons .
For one , he was one of the leading lights on logic in Poland for many years ( until his emigration to Ireland before the Second World War ) , responsible for the Logic group in Warsaw , along with Lesniewski , and Tarski ( who we ’ll learn about later ) was educated in this school .
For another , though , Lukasiewicz was the first truly non-classical logician to gain a foothold for alternative views of logic .
The guiding principle behind both Boole ’s and Frege ’s approach to logic was the statements were either true or false .
Lukasiewicz investigated logical structures where this condition was violated .
In particular , he looked at three - valued logical systems which kept a way open for things which were undetermined .
After all , if our statements are about the future , then some might be made true by present facts , some might be made false by these circumstances , and some might neither be made true nor ruled out — at least if the future is genuinely open .
Lukasiewicz ’s “ three - valued logic ” is one way of modelling such phenomena .
He also considered a more radical algebraic system where statements can have one of infinitely many values , one for each number between 0 and 1 , representing degrees of truth between complete falsity and complete truth .
This has now reached some popularity under the name “ fuzzy logic ” .
This just goes to show that if you want to be popular , you ought to get a marketer to run his or her eyes over the papers you write before you submit for publication .
“ Fuzzy logic ” will sell much better than “ Lukasiewicz ’s Infinely Valued Logic ” .
A little on Lukasiewicz can be found in the Oxford Companion to Philosophy .
Bertrand Russell ( 1872-1970 )
Bertrand Russell is the first philosopher on this list from an English - speaking background , and he is probably best considered as the one person who played the crucial role in founding the Anglo / American analytic tradition in philosophy .
Russell ’s magnum opus ( written with Alfred North Whitehead ) is Principia Mathematica ( do n’t buy the full thing unless you have lots of disposable wealth —- the lite version is enough of the good stuff to give you the flavour of the work ) .
What ’s PM all about ?
It ’s the first and greatest attempt in the research programme of logicism , the reduction of mathematics to logic .
Now , this is an immensely creative work , because it played a very important part in helping define the notion of logic for the 20th Century .
As Alberto Coffa has taught me , I know that logicism was n’t a matter of taking a predefined notion of “ logic ” and showing how mathematics could be reduced to it .
Rather , it was a matter of expanding the notion of logic so as to make a reduction of mathematics to logic more feasible .
In Kant ’s time , logic was a matter of the analysis of concepts into their constituents .
By the time Russell and Whitehead got their hands on it ( after it had passed through the work of Frege ) it became so much more .
One thing Russell can be thanked for , above and beyond PM , is a miniature example of logicism and analytic philosophy at work .
It ’s his little vignette on definite descriptions , which stands to this day as a gem in analytic philosophy .
The analysis concerns the difference between claims like
George Bush is articulate .
The present U.S. President is articulate .
They look like they have the same form .
In the old - style Aristotelian analysis , they ’re both of subject - predicate form , with the subject ( George Bush , or the present U.S. President ) on the one hand and the predicate being articulate being applied to him .
But there is an important difference between these claims :
The first uses a name and the second uses a description .
The description in the second claim is a definite description because it refers to the present U.S. President , not simply a present U.S. President .
( That would be an indefinite description . )
Definite descriptions seem to have a number of important properties .
For them to work , for that claim the present U.S. President is articulate to be true , you need three critieria to be satisfied .
First , there needs to be a U.S. President —- if not , your claim fails because there ’s no U.S. President to be articulate .
Second , there has to be at most one U.S. President .
If there are more than one , then it ’s unclear which I was talking about , and ( according to Russell at least ) my claim fails too .
Third , if there is exactly one U.S. President then my claim is true if and only if that person is , indeed , articulate .
So , to sum up the analysis , Russell says that a claim of the form “ the F is a G ” is not really of subject - predicate form at its base .
Rather , it has the following form
There is a thing which is F , it is the only F , and it is a G as well
This is a typical example of an “ analysis ” , in analytic philosophy .
The surface form of an expression may be deceptive .
Different logical work may be involved in the claim , and you might need to expend effort to see what is actually being said .
Russell himself appears to have been rather confused about the significance of what he was doing .
Sometimes he described his work as replacing objects with logical constructions .
But this is not what ’s going on here .
The logical construction does not replace any object at all —- the present President of the U.S. is still a flesh and blood human being and not a “ construction ” .
The analysis and reduction occurs at the level of semantics .
The meaning of a definite description claim is reduced to being a construction of more primitive kinds of claims , involving predicates and quantification .
Analytic philosophy of this kind made the way open for a new kind of reductionism , which did n’t explain away objects or construct them out of more simpler entities , but rather , it explains different kinds of statements by giving their significance in terms of other , simpler statements .
You do n’t need to refer to special kinds of objects as the referents of definite descriptions , for example , if you have an analysis of definite descriptions which does n’t appeal to reference at all .
Bertrand Russell is all over the net .
The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy entry on him is especially good , and the Russell Archives at McMaster University in Canada are also worth a visit .
L. E. J. Brouwer ( 1881 - 1966 )
Brouwer was a Dutch mathematician who founded the school of intuitionism , a radical tradition in mathematics .
Intuitionism is radical because it takes much of contemporary mathematics to be simply mistaken , that mathematicians took a wrong turn when following Cantor ’s direction in set theory , and the classical tradition in analysis ( the theory of real - valued functions ) .
Mathematics has gone bad when dealing with the infinite , because traditional mathematical practice does not do justice to what mathematics is actually about , according to Brouwer .
For Brouwer , mathematics is primarily governed by the intuition of the knowing and proving “ mathematical subject ” .
Now , intuition does n’t mean “ gut instinct ” like it does in contemporary language .
The term is a piece of art looking back at least to Kant and his Critique of Pure Reason .
Intuition , for Brouwer , just means a mental faculty .
The important features of the intuition relevant to mathematics is that they are pure intuitions of space and time .
These intuitions are n’t given by experience , but rather , they structure experience .
We put our experiences together in a “ manifold ” of moments and locations : we do n’t extrapolate the idea of time or space from our experiences ( for Kant , and for Brouwer ) .
Anyway , the details are irrelevant for us , the fact that the mental ability to count , to go to the next thing , an intuition of duality or two - ness is what is important in mathematics .
The content of mathematical judgement is not some correspondence with an external world of mathematical objects , but rather , the contents of mathematical judgements ( like the claim that 2+2=4 , or that the area of a circle is proportional to the square of the radius , or that real - valued functions which are somewhere positive and somewhere negative are also zero somewhere ) are to be found in the possible verifications or constructions involved .
Now , this approach is both conservative ( it ’s Kantian , not the radical approach of logicism stemming from Frege and Russell ) and radical .
It ’s radical because it motivates a rejection of traditional mathematical claims , like the law of the excluded middle —- the thesis that every proposition is either true or not true .
Brouwer takes this to be mistaken because of the nature of mathematical judgement and proof .
Consider this simple example : suppose I give you a series of numbers , one by one .
1 , 1/2 , 1/4 , 1/8 , … I ask you if this series converges to zero or does n’t .
If this series is truly infinite ( I ’ll just keep giving you numbers as long as you keep asking for them ) you ’ll never know if the series is converging to zero , or that it ’s not going to zero .
( If I just give you the numbers one - by - one , and I do not give you a rule which generates the list : there ’s always a chance the series will stop shrinking , and I go 1/8 , 1/8 , 1/8 , … , or that I start going up instead of going down . )
Browuer takes this to be a reason to reject the law of the excluded middle .
We ought n’t say that the series is converging or not .
Once you make this change to mathematical practice , a lot else looks very different .
Intuitionistic mathematics is alive and well to this day as a minority tradition .
More information about Brouwer can be found at the Oxford Companion to Philosophy .
Thoralf Skolem ( 1887 - 1963 )
Thoralf Skolem was a Norwegian logician and mathematician who continued the development of set theory along the lines started by Cantor and Zermelo .
Skolem ’s name is associated with one of the most interesting results in metalogic ( that is , it ’s a result about logic , not a result in logic ) , which we now call the Lowenheim Skolem Theorem .
This states that if a statement ( or set of statements ) in Frege ’s predicate logic can be satisfied by a model with infinitely many things in the domain , it can also be satisfied by a model with only countably many things .
So , predicate logic , in an important sense , cannot tell the difference between the countably infinite and the uncountable infinite .
The most stunning and problematic consequence of this is Skolem ’s Paradox .
Take the theory of sets .
In this theory you can distinguish between countably infinite sets and uncountably infinite sets ( a countably infinite set is one which can be put into a one - to - one correspondence with the numbers { 1,2,3 , …} ) , and furthermore , you can prove that there are uncountably infinite sets ( Cantor ’s construction can be carried out ) .
This theory , if it is consistent , has a model .
This model must be infinite ( it contains elements for each of the numbers 1 , 2 , 3 , at least ! ) so by the downward Lowenheim - Skolem theorem , it also has a countable model .
But what of the sets that the theory takes to be uncountably infinite .
From inside the model , they are uncountable .
But from outside , we see that they are not .
What is the story ?
Well , that ’s a real problem .
Skolem ’s enticing response was to say that the difference between the countable and the uncountable was relative and not absolute .
Another response would be to say that the predicate logic theory of sets is incomplete , and it must be extended somehow .
Interesting information about Skolem and the application of his ideas can be found in the Nordic Journal of Philosophical Logic ’s special issue on Skolem .
Ludwig Wittgenstein ( 1889 - 1951 )
The next entry on our tour simply has to be the inimitable LW .
Wittgenstein is an incredibly fertile philosopher : his work has inspired philosophers from all traditions .
His Tractatus Logico Philosophicus ( written in 1918 , after Wittgenstein served in the German army ) is an enigmatic tract , which starts ( in one translation ) like this .
1 The world is everything that is the case .
1.1
The world is the totality of facts , not of things .
1.11 The world is determined by the facts , and by these begin all the facts .
1.12 For the totality of facts determines both what is the case , and also all that is not the case .
1.13 The facts in logical space are the world .
And it continues in this vein .
It is a work in logical atomism , the doctrine that the world is made up of atomic facts , the primary bearers of information , and it motivates the logical techniques of truth tables and other interesting formal things as consequences of this picture .
Much more important for Wittgenstein was the boundary between the sense and nonsense , or what could be said and what could not be said and what could only be shown .
The closing words in the Tractatus are
7 Whereof one cannot speak , thereof one must be silent .
What is most interesting to me is that Wittgenstein explicitly acknowledges that his own book is , by his own lights , expressing what can not be said .
The entire book is an act of showing and not of saying .
It ’s a peculiar kind of showing , using German ( or English ) words , which the audience reads in the traditional manner .
( Wittgenstein himself was later unsatisfied with his own approach and he attempted to paint a very different picture about how language works . )
More information about Wittgenstein can be found at the Oxford Companion to Philosophy .
There are online editions of both the the Ogden - Ramsey and the Pears - McGuinness translations of the Tractatus .
T. P. Uschanov has a comprehensive collection of links of online resources on Wittgenstein .
It is the mark of LW ’s distinction that he is the only person on this page to have a [ musical written about him .
Unfortunately , I have not seen it .
The Tractatus has also been set to music , more than once , unfortunately , I have not heard any of it .
Rudolf Carnap ( 1891 -1970 )
Rudolf Carnap was a German philosopher , educated in the dominant Kantian tradition , interested in science and epistemology ( the theory of knowledge ) .
Carnap had one of the “ conversion experiences ” common to great evangelists .
While sick one day he read some of the knew “ formal ” philosophy of Bertrand Russell , and the scales fell from his eyes .
The combination of rigour and philosophical applicability convinced Carnap that from this day henceforth , he wanted to do philosophy like that .
And so , Rudolf Carnap worked in the tradition started by Russell , of the application of formal techniques to philosophical problems .
But in Carnap ’s hands , these techniques had very different outcomes .
Carnap ’s masterworks , the Aufbau and the Logical Syntax of Language indeed use techniques rather like Russell ’s in Principia Mathematica and The Principles of Logical Atomism but the resulting philosophical picture cannot be more different .
While Russell was an atomist and foundationalist for many of his years ( though what these atoms might be was ever elusive for Russell ) , Carnap was temperamentally very different .
He was , by nature , a kind of accommodating pluralist .
He thought that the new logical techniques would help us see what was genuinely being said by different philosophical positions , and that we might see the things on which different philosophers agree , and those on which they have genuine disagreements , and those upon which the disagreement is a purely verbal matter .
An example from the philosophy of mathematics might give you an idea of how this works .
In mathematics , we have rules for adjudicating disagreement in many cases : if I say that 37+56=83 , then you can show me where I went wrong by explaining how the addition actually works : 37+56 is 93 ( perhaps I forgot to carry the 10 from the addition of 7 and 6 ) .
Similarly , if I deny that there is a prime number between 11 and 17 , you can point out that 13 is a prime number between them .
The meanings of the mathematical terms dictate how they should be used , and they give us answers in these cases .
They do n’t help in the argument between the platonist ( who thinks that numbers really exist ) and the formalist ( who thinks that numbers really do n’t exist ) .
If either attempts to get into a discussion with Carnap about whether or not there really is a prime number between 11 and 17 , he ’ll simply say , “ yes , there is a prime number between 11 and 17 — it ’s 13 — but I do n’t know what you mean by saying “ really ” in the question . ”
No sense has been given to the question of the existence of numbers , over and above the sense that has been given by virtue of the meanings of mathematical terminology .
It ’s the job of techniques from logic to clarify what can be said , and what cannot .
In this sense , Carnap is quite close to the Wittgenstein of the Tractatus .
More information about Carnap can be found at the Oxford Companion to Philosophy .
Arend Heyting ( 1898 -1980 )
Arend Heyting was a brilliant Dutch logician : beardless , as you can see —- the Return of the Beards will be quite some decades to come .
Heyting ’s claim to fame was to do something quite against the spirit of the intuitionist enterprise , but which made intuitionism a respectable and living ( if minority ) tradition in logic .
Heyting formalised intuitionistic logic .
That is , he codified the kinds of inferences which are warranted by the lights of an intuitionist .
This made “ intuitionistic logic ” an object of study , amenable to many of the same techniques that Frege and others had developed for the dominant tradition in logic , which we now call “ classical ” logic .
More information about Heyting can be found at the St. Andrews ’ History of Mathematics Entry on him .
Haskell Curry ( 1900 - 1982 )
Haskell Curry was an American student of Hilbert .
His greatest innovative contributions to logic are in the odd area of combinatory logic .
Combinators are strange beasts : they ’re like functions which operate on other functions .
Combinatory logic is a formal system like other kinds of logic : you have a collection of objects with different rules indicating allowable transformations from objects to other objects .
But these combinators do not necessarily express statements , as the formulas in a traditional logic do .
They ’re functions .
The frame of mind required to think in this way ( to see everything as a function ) is important in many fields today , and the debt to Curry is sometimes acknowledged and sometimes not .
For example , in computer science , the transformation required to move from thinking of a function as giving you an output given a pair of inputs ( for example , addition as a function sending x and y to x + y ) to thinking of it as giving a function as output when given a single input ( so given x the output is the function which sends y to x + y : the adding x function ) is called currying in Curry ’s honour .
This kind of transformation , which involves thinking of functions as first - class entities , is important in many disciplines , such as category theory and functional programming .
In fact , my favourite functional programming language Haskell is named after Curry .
Curry made another very important contribution to the tradition : his textbook Foundations of Mathematical Logic is still rich with insight , and it rewards reading and rereading today .
It is the first textbook in mathematical logic which takes a synoptic view of different logical systems and which encourages the reader to think philosophically and creatively about the different kinds of formal systems which might be used to model different logical phenomena .
More information about Curry can be found at the St Andrews ’ History of Mathematics Entry on him .
Alfred Tarski ( 1902 - 1983 )
Alfred Tarski’s shadow looms large over 20th Century Logic , and it extends into the 21st Century too .
An emigre from Poland , educated in the great Warsaw school of logicians , Tarski brought a new degree of conceptual clarification to a great number of issues in logic .
I will sketch two here .
First , Tarski gave the first rigorous definition of what it was for a structure to be a model or an interpretation of the language of predicate logic .
He gave precise clauses indicating for each kind of sentence ( atomic sentence , conjunction , disjunction , negation , universally quantified , existentially quantified , etc ) what it is for this sentence to be true in a model .
To do this , he noticed that you need to do something tricky when it comes to quantified sentences like for all x ( if Fx then Gx ) .
For this to be given a sensible truth condition , we want its truth to depend on the truth of the part inside the quantifier .
But if Fx then Gx is not a sentence : it ’s got a variable in it unbound .
( It ’s like the term x + 2 : you only know what number it is when I tell you the value of the variable x. )
So , Tarski solved the problem this way .
You do n’t define what it is for a sentence to be true in a model .
You define what it is for a formula ( possibly including free variables ) together with an assignment of values to each of the variables to be satisfied by a model .
So , for all x( if Fx then Gx ) together with the assignment A is satisfied by my model just when the inside bit if Fx then Gx together with any variant assignment A’ which assigns exactly the same values as A does to any variable other than x , but possibly assigns x any value it chooses .
This gets the result exactly right .
And it gives a clear ( well , after you get used to it , anyway ! ) , rigorous and recursive definition of satisfaction , and truth in a model .
The Second insight is related .
It ’s also on the topic of truth .
Here , the idea is not truth in a model , but genuine truth .
The kind of truth we attempt to express when we make assertions .
Many philosophers have said deep and mystical things about the Nature of Truth .
Some have said that truth is a matter of Correspondence to Reality ( after all , propositions are designed to reflect the Way the World Is ) .
Others have said that truth is a matter of the Coherence of an overall body of propositions ( after all , we test propositions only against other propositions ) .
Still others have said that truth is a matter of What Gets Things Done ( after all , in describing things we always aim to Do something , and this governs the kinds of concepts we have ) .
Tarski thought that all accounts like this are misguided .
For given a language which does n’t say anything about truth , it is easy to define the notion of truth in that language , without appealing to Correspondence , Coherence , or Pragmatic concerns .
Suppose we ’ve got a sentence in our language , like “ snow is white ” .
( This is a favourite in discussions of truth , for some reason . )
We know very well what the sentence means .
We want to know whether or not the sentence is true .
Well , given that we know what it means , we can say exactly the conditions under which this sentence is true :
“ Snow is white ” is true if and only if snow is white
Now this tells us exactly the circumstances under which “ snow is white ” is true .
And it does n’t say anything about Correspondence to Reality , Coherence , or Pragmatic concerns .
It is Tarski ’s definition of the concept of truth , and it ’s become an important benchmark in any discussion of the topic to this day .
More information about Tarski can be found at the Oxford Companion to Philosophy .
Frank Ramsey ( 1903 - 1930 )
If I ’d done as much as Frank Ramsey had achieved by the time I was 27 , I ’d be glad .
Of course , I ’m very glad to have made it past 27 .
Ramsey not only did amazing work in the philosophy of logic and probability .
His insight into how theoretical terms work has earned his surname a place in the lexicon .
Yes , Frank Ramsey is responsible for the technique we now delightedly call Ramsification .
Ramsification is a straightforward notion when you get your head around it .
It ’s a theoretical application to concepts of Russell ’s account of definite descriptions .
It ’s always been a bit of a mystery how theoretical terms like neutrino actually work .
People started talking about neutrinos ( I love the name by the way : little neutral one is a perfect name for a pet , at least if he / she is placid ) before they ’d ever found conclusive evidence of their existence .
It ’s not like they ’d laid eyes on them and said “ I will call this a neutrino ” .
No , what happened instead is that the scientists endorsed a body which included the predicate “ is a neutrino ” .
The theory will contain things like “ Neutrinos have no charge ” , “ Neutrinos have negligible mass ” and other things like this .
Now this theory can have sense , and can assign a kind of meaning to the term “ neutrino ” in just the same way as Russell ’s analysis of definite descriptions shows how sense is assigned to definite descriptions .
The theoretical term “ neutrino ” does n’t really refer , but you can treat the terms as a predicate variable , and the theory really says something like
( for some X ) ( X has no charge , and X has negligible mass , and …)
And in this way , theoretical terms are introduced into the language .
This technique has seen a lot of use in contemporary work coming out of Canberra .
More information about Ramsey can be found at the Oxford Companion to Philosophy .
Alonzo Church ( 1903 - 1994 )
Alonzo Church ’s influence over logic is long - lived , as he was .
I ’ll focus on just two ways he has left his mark on the field .
First , and most obvious , was his invention of the lambda calculus .
This is a notion for representing functions , immensely suited to the same body of theory as Curry ’s combinatory logic .
In fact , Church ’s notation for functional abstraction ( using a lambda , which I ’ll write here with a backslash “ " ) is a uniform technique which , when combined with functional application , gives you exactly the same theory as Curry ’s combinators .
The notation is simple .
The addition function can be represented like this :
\x\y ( x+y )
It ’s a function , which when applied to a number ( say 2 ) gives you the result \y ( 2+y ) .
You figure out how it works by taking the first lambda abstraction out the front , removing it , and replacing the variables inside the rest which were bound by that abstraction , by the value you chose .
The result is still a function .
If you apply this to another number ( say 3 ) you get the result 2+3 .
So addition here is a function which takes two values , and returns a number .
More can be said about the lambda calculus , and its use as a language for representing functional abstraction .
I want to go on to consider what might have been Church ’s greatest achievement .
He founded , in 1936 , the Journal of Symbolic Logic in 1936 , along with its parent body , the Association for Symbolic Logic .
The JSL is the most prestigious journal in formal logic , and it has played ( especially in its early years ) a crucial pivotal role in helping define the community of logicians , by giving a focal point for research and a means for disseminating results broadly .
Logicians did not have to resort to scanning over a wide body of mathematics and philosophy journals to find articles of importance to logic .
Now they could concentrate in the one place .
More information about Church can be found at the St Andrews ’ History of Mathematics Entry on him .
Kurt Gödel ( 1906 - 1978 )
Gödel ’s incompleteness theorem is great in two ways .
First , it ’s the technical result in logic most cited outside its field .
Second , it ’s a stunning piece of reasoning which genuinely broke open a new field and closed off other areas of inquiry .
Gödel ’s incompleteness theorem shows that Peano ’s theory of arithmetic is essentially incomplete .
For some sentences in the language of arithmetic , it cannot decide between that sentence and its negation .
Gödel shows that this is not an accidental feature of Peano ’s theory , to be fixed with a little patch here or there .
No , any theory of arithmetic which is such that you can tell ( by means of a recursive function : look to Turing ’s entry coming on up ) whether or not something is an axiom of the theory , then exactly the same incompleteness phenomenon will hold .
Why is this ?
It ’s because an arithmetic theory is rich enough to represent in some sense , it ’s own facts about provability .
That is , it can simulate provability in its own claims about numbers .
Gödel showed how claims about sentences and proofs can be “ encoded ” into claims about numbers , in such a way that if there is a proof of some claim , then there is a proof in arithmetic which represents that proof .
Once you ’ve pulled this trick ( it ’s the trick of Gödel numbering ) , you then need to pull another trick ( called diagonalisation , it ’s close in spirit to Cantor ’s diagonal argument ) to construct a sentence which , in effect says
I am not provable in Peano ’s Arithmetic
If this sentence is provable in Peano ’s arithmetic , then since provability in this arithmetic implies truth , it is not provable in Peano ’s arithmetic , and as a result the arithmetic is inconsistent .
On the other hand , if it ’s not provable in Peano ’s arithmetic , then it itself is an example of a sentence which is true but is not provable : and as a result , the arithmetic is incomplete .
Now , there ’s a lot that can be said about this result .
And there ’s a lot of garbage that has been said about this result too ( so called “ applications ” range from theories of the mind , of culture , of value , of art , of this that and the other ) .
It think it ’s stunning enough in its original form .
And working out its implications for logical theories , and knowing when ( and on what basis ) we can claim consistency or completeness , is plenty interesting enough .
More information about Gödel can be found at the St. Andrews ’ History of Mathematics Entry on him .
W. V. O. Quine ( 1908 - 2000 )
Quine is not famous for his logic so much as for the mark he made on philosophy in the english - speaking world in the second half of the twentieth century .
However , he was a formidable logician , with contributions in set theory ( his New Foundations is an alternative view of the set - theoretic universe , radically at odds with the Zermelo - Fraenkel picture inspired by Cantor ) and other areas of logic .
However , it was his imprint on philosophy as a whole for which Quine is rightly remembered .
The centre of Quine ’s contribution can be seen in his work on meaning and the holist picture radically at odds with Carnap ’s view of how language works .
For Carnap , the meaning postulates governing a discourse show us how the language works , and once you have the meaning postulates ( the analytic truths ) the “ world ” contributes the rest , the ( the synthetic truths ) .
The analytic truths do n’t tell us anything about the world but the synthetic truths do .
This is a compelling picture , and it ’s one that has basically been the received doctrine in understanding language and concepts , from the British Empiricists , through Kant , and up to the middle 20th Century .
Of course , the picture has not been a uniform one .
Kant argued that some synthetic truths were knowable a priori , and the work in logic in the early 19th and 20th Centuries greatly expanded our understanding of what might count as “ analytic ” .
However , everyone agreed that there was a sensible distinction to be drawn between the analytic and the synthetic .
Quine changed all of that .
With novel arguments and though experiments ( in particular , the problem of radical translation : see Word and Object and the famous article “ Two Dogmas of Empiricism ” )
Quine set about to dismantle the analytic / synthetic distinction .
For Quine , any body of theory cannot be unambiguously split into analytic and synthetic components , where the synthetic is prone to revision and the analytic immune from revision .
The body of theory is to be considered as a whole , and judged in this way .
Quine was the first explicit empiricist holist .
To this day , anyone who takes the analytic / synthetic distinction seriously owes a debt to explain how it is to be understood , in the face of Quine ’s arguments .
For bringing this important issue to light , Quine is to be praised !
More information about Quine can be found at the Quine Home Page .
Gerhard Gentzen ( 1909 - 1945 )
Gerhard Gentzen brought the study of logic to a completely new level with his work on the theory of proofs .
Logicians , since Aristotle , have been interested not only in what you can prove , but also in proof itself .
But somewhat suprisingly , up until Gentzen ’s time , no - one had a coherent story to tell about what a proof actually is and what logical properties proofs might have .
Gentzen ’s work changed this , and he is now seen as the archetypal proof theorist .
Gentzen ’s innovation was to introduce proof as an object of study .
He formalised two different kinds of proofs , which we now call Natural Deduction and Gentzen Systems in his honour .
A Gentzen system is an interesting kind of way of proving things , because unlike other kinds of proof , a Gentzen proof is not a series of statements , each of which follows from earlier statements in the series .
( A Natural deduction proof is like this , except that statements may be assumed and assumptions may also be discharged at different points in the proof . )
A Gentzen proof is very different : at each stage of a Gentzen proof , you prove not statements but sequents .
A sequent is not an individual statement , but rather , a claim saying that one statement follows from other statements .
One way of thinking about it ( and this was Gentzen ’s own way of thinking about it ) is that a Gentzen proof is a proof about other proofs .
The steps do n’t say things like “ this follows from that ” but “ if there ’s a proof of B from A then there ’s a proof of C from A too ” .
Gentzen systems are beautiful because they give you a deeper understanding of what can be done with proofs .
One of Gentzen ’s own applications was to use a Gentzen system for Peano Arithmetic to show that arithmetic was indeed consistent .
Gentzen ’s argument is quite clever .
He shows that there is no way that you could get a proof of an inconsistency from the axioms because any such proof could be transformed into a smaller proof of an inconsistency from the axioms , and there ’s no one - step proof of an inconsistency .
( Actually , the proof is a bit trickier than this , as it ’s a corollary of Gentzen ’s famous Cut Elimination Theorem , but this is the core of the way that the result is proved , if you think about it for a bit ! )
This result might be seen to be in conflict with Gödel ’s incompleteness result , which has a corollary that Peano ’s arithmetic can’t prove its own consistency .
However , there ’s no conflict , as Gentzen ’s techniques , though straightforward , actually presume something more that arithmetic itself .
These techniques use a form of mathematical induction stronger than that supplied in ordinary arithmetic .
This result has spawned many more like it , and the study of the relative proof - theoretical strength of different theories is now a well - understood discipline in logic .
More information about Gentzen can be found at the St. Andrews ’ History of Mathematics Entry on him .
Alan Turing ( 1912 - 1954 )
Alan Turing is famous for the Turing Test ( a claim about what it would take for something to count as intelligent : get it to communicate with you in conversation over a network connection ) for Turing Machines , and for half of the name of the Church - Turing Thesis .
I think that the latter two are more interesting from the point of view of logic than the first one .
Turing Machines are not really machines at all .
The idea of a Turing machine is that of a characterisation of a kind of computing device , and it ’s the kind of computational device stripped down to its limit .
All it involves is a long tape divided into segments ( picture a roll of toilet paper unrolled ) .
The tape is long in the sense that if you ever get to an end , you can go out to the shop and get some more to add on .
So , you never run out of tape .
Then , you have a marker where you can write a sign on a square of the tape .
( You can overwrite an existing sign with a new sign too : the new sign replaces the old one . )
You have a finite collection of possible signs , including the blank sign for a square which has no other sign written on it .
You also have a finite set of states which you can think of as points on a flowchart .
The instructions are the arrows on a flow chart which say things like this :
If you ’re in this state , and you ’re looking at a square with this symbol on it , then follow this instruction , and go to this state .
What ’s an instruction ?
It can be one of three things .
It ’s either to write a sign in the square you ’re looking at , or move left one square and look at this new square , or move right one square .
That ’s it .
If you ’re in a state looking at a symbol on a square and you have no instruction to follow , your computation simply stops .
That ’s it .
That ’s all there is to a Turing machine .
It ’s not exactly the kind of computer you can use for word - processing , or playing games with .
However , the kinds of computations you can do on this kind of machine ( especially when you think of representing numbers on the machine using some code ) are a really natural class of functions .
They ’re the recursive functions , independently characterised by Church .
And the Church - Turing thesis is the claim that this class of functions is exactly the class of functions which could be computed using any computational device .
More information about Turing can be found at the St Andrews ’ History of Mathematics Entry on him .
Arthur Prior ( 1914 - 1969 )
Arthur Prior is the first ( and only ) antipodean logician on this list .
Educated in New Zealand , he had academic positions both in New Zealand ( at Otago and Canterbury ) and in England ( at Manchester , and Oxford ) .
Prior invented the field of tense logic , the logic of “ earlier ” and “ later ” , “ past ” and “ future ” .
He was the arch intensionalist , bringing to the philosophical fore these modalities which are not truth - functional , not obviously amenable to Tarski ’s analysis of truth - in - a - model .
Remember that in Tarki ’s world , the truth or otherwise of a complex expression depends on the truth or otherwise of its components .
The temporal operators do n’t work like this at all .
“ it ’s raining ” and “ it ’s Thursday ” might both be true , but “ yesterday it rained ” and “ yesterday it was Thursday ” might differ in truth value .
The truth or falsity of temporal operators is intensional and not extensional .
It depends on more than just the truth value of the components .
There is a tradition in logic to attempt to erase the intensional by making it genuinely extensional ( replacing talk of “ it rained ” by “ it rained on day x ” and explicitly quantifying over days or times ) —
Quine ’s work is a very good example of this — but Prior resisted this move strongly .
For Prior , there was nothing wrong with irreducable intensionality , provided that you could be clear about the logical properties these intensional creatures satisfied .
Prior ’s work did a great deal to rehabilitate the intensional and to put it on an equal footing with the extensional tradition in logic .
This work would explode onto the scene with some developments of Kripke and what is now known as “ possible worlds semantics ” , but it was Prior ’s work which set the scene and showed the enormous range of philosophical applicability of these ideas .
Excellent information about Prior can be found in Jack Copeland ’s entry on Prior in the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy .
Helena Rasiowa ( 1917 - 1994 )
At last , a woman !
The month is nearly at an end , and at last , I have found a female logician to join our list of stars .
Helena Rasiowa was an incredible logician from Poland , who helped place the study of logics on a mathematical footing .
Continuing on the work of Boole and Lukasiewicz , she showed , in her groundbreaking book An Algebraic Approach to Non-Classical Logics showed how contemporary techniques in algebra may be used to study the structures of propositions arising out of different conceptions of logic .
This book is rich in ideas and treatments of Boolean algebras , Heyting algebras ( models of intuitionistic logic ) , the many valued logics of Lukasiewicz , and others .
This is one of the first books to give a unified treatment of logics rather than a partisan development of this system or that system .
Rasiowa ’s work also encouraged me as a budding mathematics student , to go into logic .
Browsing through its pages in the old University of Queensland Mathematics Library , I saw that the things I was learning in algebra could be used to illuminate my growing interests in logic .
More information about Rasiowa can be found at the St. Andrews ’ History of Mathematics Entry on her .
Ruth Barcan Marcus ( 1921 -)
Ruth Barcan Marcus is another intensionalist like Prior .
She was a proponent of modal logic who in a series of papers from 1946 , defended the coherence of quantified modal logics against criticism , and helped ensure that modal logic gained a hearing , but eventually , became a part of the lingua franca of many working philosophers .
This was an amazing feat , since her opponents in this included none other than the eminent W. V. O. Quine .
Quine was an ardent and trenchant critic of intensional logic , but Ruth Barcan ( later Ruth Barcan Marcus ) was central in ensuring that philosophical interest in modality did not wither under Quinean criticism .
Ruth Barcan Marcus has lent her name to what is now called the Barcan Formula .
She showed that on a plausible conception of how possibility worked , the following thesis turns out to be true :
If it is possible that something has property F , then there is something such that it possibly has poperty F .
Now , this might be a problem .
After all , if we think it is possible that there be an object with atomic number 150 , does it follow that we should think that there is some stuff such that it could be matter with atomic number 150 ?
It ’s kind - of odd to think that this must be so , but on a straightforward understanding of how modality and possibility works ( that every “ world ” has the same “ domain ” : more on this later ) this is how things turn out .
The debates arising out of the combination of modality and quantification are by no means over .
Ruth Barcan Marcus ’ sharp analysis has focussed the discussion of these topics for decades .
More information about Marcus can be found at her web page .
For a good collection of Prof. Marcus ’ work on modal logic , her collection Modalities : Philosphical Essays is the place to start .
Saul Kripke ( 1940 -)
Saul Kripke was a precocious teenager when his work revolutionised intensional logic .
For many years people had known that the logic of possibly and necessarily had a coherence all of its own , and many people had strived to give it a plausible and satisfying formal semantics .
This was to change in the work of a teenaged Kripke , published in 1959 ( “ A completeness theorem in modal logic ” , published in the Journal of Symbolic Logic , pages 1 to 15 of volume 24 ) .
In this paper , Kripke exploited the well - worn notion of a possible world , and introduced the notion of “ relative possibility ” as a relationship between “ possible worlds ” .
Then we could say that a formula “ necessarily A ” is true at a world if and only if A is true at all worlds which are possible relative to the original world , and “ possibly A ” is true at a world if and only if A is true at some worlds which are possible relative to the original world .
The notion of possible worlds is not original with Kripke .
Neither , in fact , is the use of something like a relative possibility ( or “ accessibility ” ) relation .
However , putting these things together in a neat bundle , and showing how a number of studied modal systems can be understood in this light , was new , and this generated a whole new field of study : the possible worlds semantics for modal and other intensional logics .
Kripke went on to work in many different areas in philosophy , including some influential work on Wittegenstein and other areas of metaphysics and the philosophy of language .
His mark on logic , however , was already made in that paper written as a teenager .
More information about Kripke ’s work in philosophy can be found at the Oxford Companion to Philosophy on him .
David Lewis ( 1941-2001 )
David Lewis is famous not only for his great impact on analytic philosophy ( perhaps this impact is felt most keenly in Australia , a country he loved and visited regularly ) but also on the reaction that his philosophical views provoked .
Lewis ’ modal realism , the view that other possible worlds are just as real , and just as real in exactly the same way as this world we live in , famously and regularly provokes an incredulous stare from people when they hear that he believes it quite literally .
Lewis is a good example of a philosopher whose work is the consequence of the work of others .
This is not to deny his creative output or originality in any way : it is a creative work to spell out the consequences of a view , and no body of work in this area is richer or more well developed than Lewis ’ .
David Lewis ’ view , I think , can be seen as what you get when you cross Quine ’s ontological views ( his extensionalism ) with the intensionalism you find in Kripke ’s and others ’ work on modal logic .
Lewis acknowledges that modal notions ( possibility and necessity and the like ) are important , meaningful , and to be found in any theory we take seriously .
From Quine , he takes the ontological commitment of a theory to be read off what the theory quantifies over ( Quine ’s dictum is “ to be is to be the value of a variable ” . )
Modality is important and it makes sense .
Our way of understanding modality is to quantify over possible worlds in semantics in the tradition of Kripke .
Voila : modal realism .
Lewis ’ work on this topic , especially in the book
On the Plurality of Worlds is a compendium of what follows from taking this metaphysical picture seriously , and the kinds of philosophical applications the notions of possible worlds might have .
More information about Lewis can be found at the Oxford Companion to Philosophy .
Jon Barwise ( 1942-2000 )
Jon Barwise was a renaissance logician .
He did n’t know everything but his contributions ranged so widely that he approximated omniscience quite well .
His work ranges from infinitary logic ( an extension of Frege - style predicate logic to deal with infinitely long sentences , and infinitary quantifiers ) , the model theory of first - order logic ( continuing on from Tarski ’s work ) , generalsed quantifiers ( quantifiers other than “ for all ” and “ for some ” ) , admissible sets and generalised recursion theory ( the connections between sets and computation ) , situation semantics and the philosophy of language ( using situations , restricted parts of the world as bearers of information , rather than just entire possible worlds ) , information theory ( an account of how information flows and is transmitted ) , and the logic of diagrams ( examining visual representation and inference , as well as linguistic representation ) .
Barwise ’s work , in all of 35 years , has covered a huge range of disciplines , and it gives you some idea of the breadth of work available in contemporary logic .
Barwise ’s approach of regularly moving into new fields , to keep fresh and active , is a helpful antidote in the current age of increasing specialisation and narrowing .
If work like this is possible at the end of the 20th Century , it will be our job to see what might be done in the 21st .
More information about Barwise can be found at the Barwise Memorial Pages at Indiana .
Do you like this , or do you have a comment ?
Then please share or reply on Twitter , or email me .
Public disclosures about financial ties between doctors and industry can be imprecise -- to put it mildly .
Take Thomas Zdeblick , a prominent spine surgeon and researcher at the University of Wisconsin , who told the university in each of the five years he received payments from Medtronic that he'd received $ 20,000 or more from the company .
One year , he reported getting $ 40,000 or more .
How much more ?
Over five years Zdeblick received $ 19 million in payments from Medtronic to help develop and promote products for the spine , the WSJ reports this morning .
It 's the latest example to come out of Sen. Charles Grassley 's probe ...
As global recession bore down on world economies last year , a growing number of New Zealanders decided the time was right to take a cruise .
Figures released today by International Cruise Council Australasia showed nearly 39,000 New Zealanders had a cruising holiday last year , a 29 percent rise from 2007 .
Two - thirds of those passengers toured around the Australia , New Zealand and South Pacific area , with numbers up 31 percent from 2007 to about 25,600 .
Numbers on river and ocean cruises in Europe increased 39 percent to nearly 6450 , with European river cruising numbers alone almost doubling to more than 1650 .
Alaska was the third most popular cruising destination for New Zealanders , attracting 2050 passengers , an increase of 27 percent on 2007 figures .
Estimated annual sea days rose 35 percent to more than 420,000 .
Growth in New Zealand passengers compared with 5 percent growth reported by the United States market in 2008 , an estimated 12 percent growth for the British cruise market , and a 26 percent increase recorded by the Australian industry .
Cruise council general manager Brett Jardine said the awareness of cruising was growing , as capacity in the market and itinerary options increased .
More and more holidaymakers were attracted to cruising because it included transport , accommodation , meals and entertainment in one fare , he said .
NZPA
FAIL WHALE
Yiying Lu , an artist and a designer in Sydney , Australia , has made a number of appealing illustrations , many featuring animals .
But one image in her portfolio is far more likely to be familiar to at least some of you than any of the others : the one depicting a peaceful whale held aloft by a small flock of birds .
To certain particularly dedicated users of the online social - networking service Twitter , the “ Fail Whale ” is as iconic as any corporate logo , and far more beloved .
Some have bought the T - shirt , and some have joined the fan club .
Most recently , Fail Whale earned Lu a Shorty — an award devised by Sawhorse Media , an Internet company , to praise all manner of Twitter expression — winning her a trip to the New York awards ceremony in mid-February .
As with many Web - popularity stories , there ’s a lot of flukiness to Fail Whale ’s rise .
For starters , Lu had never heard of Twitter when she created the image ( which she called Lifting Up a Dreamer ) as an electronic birthday card for a friend overseas while she was still finishing her visual communications degree at the University of Technology , Sydney .
In July 2007 , she uploaded a number of her illustrations , including that one , to a service called iStockphoto .
That ’s where , almost a year later , it came to the attention of Biz Stone , a Twitter founder .
If you ’ve managed to miss the hype around Twitter , it ’s generally described as a “ mini - blogging ” tool .
Its estimated five - million - plus users communicate in bursts of 140 characters or less to those friends or strangers who follow their “ tweets . ”
Last May , during a big popularity spike , Twitter experienced regular service outages ; users were greeted with a picture of a cat at a computer during these down stretches .
Stone decided that was too jokey and turned to iStockPhoto , where he encountered Lu’s illustration , which nicely suggested a team effort to accomplish something difficult .
Plus , it was supercute .
He paid a few dollars to use the illustration under iStockPhoto ’s standard license , which grants a perpetual worldwide right for such online uses .
Image Credit ...
Peter Arkle
What happened next was chronicled almost in real time by online observers like ReadWriteWeb and Widgets Lab : a Twitter user dubbed the image Fail Whale ; another created a Twitter feed and Web site for the mascot ; a third found the image on iStockPhoto .
This revealed the name of the whale ’s creator and suggested a mission for fans , recalls Tom Limongello , a Twitter enthusiast who works in business development for Crisp Wireless : “ Let ’s promote her . ”
The Fail Whale community sent a box of T - shirts to Twitter headquarters .
“ Mixed feelings , ” Evan Williams , another Twitter founder , tweeted upon receipt .
But he honored the request for a public shout - out to Lu .
By Lucy Gill
BBC Monitoring
Unions are calling for the government to do more to prevent lay - offs
The nationwide strikes in France over the government 's handling of the financial crisis are provoking strong , and diverse , reactions among French observers .
The action is attracting sympathy from many in the left - wing press , but is being met with weariness and unease on the right .
France 's eight largest union federations called the strikes , dissatisfied with the 2.65 bn euros of additional public spending pledged by the government following the last day of industrial action on 29 January .
The unions are calling for the government to do more to prevent private sector lay - offs and to halt to its own plans to reduce the public sector workforce .
" To the demos ! " says the editorial in Thursday 's left - wing daily Liberation .
The paper says the protesters are acting out of " indignation at the absurdity of an economic stimulus plan that does not stimulate very much and whose essentials do n't benefit workers but businesses " .
A strike against a crisis makes about as much sense as a demonstration to ban winter
Francois Lenglet , La Tribune Patrick Apel - Muller in the communist newspaper L'Humanite hopes Thursday 's protests will be a " turning point " and questions why it is that " the deficit can be increased - even doubled - at leisure when it comes to bailing out the banks and offering tax breaks to the wealthy , but it would be ruinous if it was increased to help wage - earners live better " .
Jean - Marcel Bougereau of the left - leaning weekly , Le Nouvel Observateur , says the strikes throw into sharp relief " social despair on the one hand with the arrogance of those who govern us on the other " .
Hostage to public servants ?
Not everyone is cheering on the unions , however .
Yves Threard in the right - leaning Le Figaro slams the protesters , who " preferred hitting the streets rather than finding solutions through negotiations " .
We have to keep up the pressure for several days
Olivier Besancenot
New Anti-Capitalist Party leader
He says they " dream of a new order , but one that wo n't rein in their acquired rights and privileges " .
" Unlike other countries France is a hostage to its public servants , " he said .
Francois Lenglet , an editorialist in French business daily La Tribune , says that although the strikes may be popular - " France does not lack malcontents " - they are also pointless : " A strike against a crisis makes about as much sense as a demonstration to ban winter . "
Some commentators are also concerned that they could get out of hand following the severe social unrest in the French overseas department of Guadeloupe , which was only brought to an end when the government agreed to increase the salaries of the lowest paid by 200 euros .
" The conflict in Guadeloupe was led and won outside of the traditional mechanisms with a rallying cry - ' exploitation ! ' - which while simplistic risks being taken up on the mainland , " says Dominique Gerbaud in the Catholic paper , La Croix .
" Left - wing parties and unions will be scared of compromising and creating space for the extreme left . "
Hammer the point home According to Michel Noblecourt in the centre - left Le Monde , " the unions have rejected the idea of trying to bring about in mainland France what has happened in Guadeloupe " .
FRENCH UNIONS vs GOVERNMENT
Union demands Increase minimum wage Reverse 50 % cap on income tax Suspend public sector job cuts Measures to protect employment Government stimulus plan 11bn euros to help businesses improve cashflows 11bn euros of direct state investment 4bn euros of investment by state - owned firms in modernisation 2.65 bn euros of tax breaks , and increases in family welfare and short - term unemployment benefits
They want to " show a responsible attitude in their management of the protest , " he says .
But the leader of France 's far - left New Anti-Capitalist Party , Olivier Besancenot , is happy to cite Guadeloupe as an inspiration .
He tells the weekly Journal du Dimanche that Guadeloupe " is an example to reflect on and follow " .
" We have to keep up the pressure for several days after [ 19 March ] hammering the point home with the same force .
That 's where political parties and unions could take inspiration from Guadeloupe , " says Mr Besancenot .
Claude Imbert in the centre - right weekly Le Point , however , is scathing about what he described as the French public 's " fateful inclination to take to the streets to obtain what it can't get from parliament " .
He says that while " France is not for the moment the sick man of Europe its propensity for springtime rebellions could knock us off course .
In a crisis it could get out of control . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A British mathematician has devised a formula to predict whether loved - up couples are bound to spend their lives together or end their marriages in divorce .
Oxford University professor James Murray said his formula successfully predicted whether a couple would divorce 94 per cent of the time , in a study of 700 newly married couples .
" Some couples might as well get divorced right away , " said Professor Murray , who was to present his findings to the Royal Society in London , after receiving one of its oldest awards .
As part of the research , Professor Murray and his team filmed the newlyweds discussing contentious issues such as money or sex for 15 minutes , and graded each statement made during their respective turns of speech .
Statements with humour or affection were given positive scores , while those with defensiveness or anger were given negative ones .
The resulting scores were used to identify whether the relationship was likely to stand the test of time .
The couples were then contacted over one to two - year intervals over a period of 12 years , with Professor Murray 's formula predicting the divorce rate with an accuracy of 94 per cent .
" What astonished me was that a discussion , sometimes highly charged and emotional , could so easily and usefully be encapsulated in what is actually a simple mathematical model of a couple 's interaction , " Professor Murray said .
In separate research presented at the Royal Society 's Bakerian lecture , given by the winner of the annual Physical Sciences prize , Professor Murray found that high - grade brain tumours are much more predictable than is generally thought .
Using two MRI scans taken before a patient undergoes treatment , he found that patients would often be better off avoiding surgical removal of the tumour , and could predict the patient 's approximate survival time .
- AFP
Tags
There 's a new subprime crisis in the news .
Unlike the US original , however , which has sparked the worldwide recession , this one does n't involve only falling home prices but also falling economies .
The countries of Central and Eastern Europe , after years of high growth fueled by investment from Western Europe , are now heading towards a recession .
The banks that provided much of the credit in the booming period , already hit by liquidity pressures due to events in the US and their home countries , are now faced with the prospect of big losses on the loans made in the Eastern half of the continent .
With the downturn in the US and the developed economies of Western Europe also came the end of the boom in the emergent Eastern European economies .
The freezing of money markets in the United States and Western Europe in the summer of 2007 , followed by a sharp increase in credit risk subsequent to the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy , drove investors into a liquidity scramble .
In Eastern Europe , these events translated into capital repatriations , lower foreign investment and higher risk premiums .
The slowdown in the developed economies and , finally , the onset of the recession in the second part of last year brought a fall in Eastern European exports , which further exacerbated the downfall .
The region 's currencies plummeted .
In Eastern Europe , banks were privatized during the 1990s and early 2000s .
The preferred method of privatization was the sale — either by direct negotiations with the government in place or through a public auction — of a majority stake in a local state - owned bank to a big foreign banking group , deemed capable of restructuring it and making it profitable .
Consequently , nowadays most banks in the region — and especially in those countries that are now members of the European Union — are owned by big Western Europe groups , such as Raiffeisen Zentralbank or Erste Bank of Austria , Swedbank of Sweden , Société Générale of France , Unicredit of Italy , KBC of Belgium , Bayern Landesbank of Germany and others .
The Eastern European subsidiaries of all of these banks , often among the largest in their home countries , form a significant share of their assets .
And because of this huge exposure , the growing crisis in Eastern Europe is now proving critical to their financial health .
Furthermore , a fall of any one of these banks due to losses on their operations in Eastern Europe will add a new threat to the stability of the European financial system .
Thus , it turns out that Eastern Europe has now become the subprime borrower of Western Europe .
As was the case with the US mortgage borrowers , both the public and private sector in Eastern European countries are highly leveraged while falling currencies and declining output mean lower income in the immediate future .
Because of the deepening recession in the United States and Western Europe , the Eastern European countries are moving quickly into negative growth rates as well .
And with them comes the increased risk of default on debts .
The banks now realize the gravity of the situation .
Nine of the most exposed Western Banks in the region , led by the Raiffeisen group of Austria , have already called on the European Commission and the European Central Bank ( ECB ) to come to the rescue of Eastern European economies in order to avoid , later on , the repercussions that the loan defaults in the region will have on the financial health of economies in the west of the continent .
The most exposed countries to a fallout in Eastern Europe are Austria , France , Italy , Belgium , Germany , and Sweden .
Austria alone made loans of $ 297 billion to Eastern Europe , according to Josef Pröll , the Finance Minister in Vienna .
This is the equivalent of 70 % of the country 's GDP .
However , Switzerland , a nonmember of the European Union , is also among the big creditors of Eastern Europe .
The low interest on Swiss francs made it the main currency for mortgage credit in the region .
Lending in Swiss francs reached around 50 % of the total in some countries such as Hungary or Poland .
According to a Morgan Stanely report based on the Bank of International Settlements ' data on international lending , total foreign borrowing in Eastern Europe has reached $ 1.6 trillion as of September 2008 , of which $ 1.5 trillion have been provided by Western European creditors .
[ 1 ]
Between 2005 and 2008 alone , the volume of foreign credit absorbed by the region grew three times .
All this credit brought huge profits to the Western banks present in the region and was , to a large extent , responsible for the average growth rates of around 6 % real GDP that Eastern Europe experienced during the last 7 – 8 years .
Housing , cars , and other consumer durables were booming .
At the same time , the lending standards became lax .
In Romania , for instance , banks advertised that having an ID card was all you needed to get a loan .
This worked well as long as growth was strong .
But now Eastern Europe 's economies are sinking , unemployment is rising , and the debt accumulated in these past years might not be repaid .
Loan Portfolios of Western European Banks ' CEE Subsidiaries , H1 2008 ( in millions of euros ) Sources : Company data , Merill Lynch estimates Compiled by IMF Central Europe and the Baltics Office , November 7 , 2008
The prospect of a debt default is real .
The local currencies are falling rapidly against the euro , the dollar , and the Swiss franc , making it harder for individuals , companies and governments to repay their debt denominated in Western currencies .
The Baltic countries are the most indebted in the region .
Estonia 's foreign debt represents 131 % of its GDP , for Latvia it is 116 % and for Lithuania is 72 % .
Together , Eastern European countries have to repay $ 400 billion worth of debt this year alone .
Moreover , the growing contraction in output is pushing up the already high deficits in government spending at a time when borrowing costs and risk premiums have increased considerably .
Given the capital exodus underway and the significant current account deficits , the Eastern European currencies will continue to lose value against the euro and the dollar even if the Hungarian forint , the Polish zloty , or the Romanian leu have already reached historical lows .
Although the central banks in some countries , like Russia , Poland , the Czech Republic , or Romania , have significant foreign - exchange reserve and have used them to shore up some of the fall in their currencies , the macroeconomic imbalances are generally so great that the current crisis in Eastern Europe has the potential of surpassing the Asian currency crisis of the mid-1990s .
Under these circumstances , the banks are not the only ones that are calling on the wealthier European Union ( EU ) countries , the ECB , IMF , and the World Bank to bail out Eastern Europe .
In the fall of last year , the IMF approved a $ 16.4 billion loan to Ukraine , whose currency , the hryvna , has lost half its value in the last six months , triggering a run on exchange houses .
But the government is unable to reduce its deficit , and inflation is well over 20 % per year .
Hungary , the country with the biggest government debt , also received a $ 12.5 billion IMF loan , ten times it 's normal quota , as well as an $ 8.1 billion loan from a special EU borrowing facility and a $ 1.3 billion credit from the World Bank .
In mid October , at the height of the credit freeze , the ECB also came to the rescue of Budapest and provided 5 billion euros in a swap arrangement with the Hungarian central bank to ease liquidity in the money market .
This event marked a significant extension of ECB 's role .
It was the first time the bank , which oversees monetary policy for the 16 - nation Eurozone , lent to a country outside the European Monetary Union .
The ECB subsequently extended swap arrangements to the Polish central bank and , despite its reluctance , it will probably do so with other central banks in the Eastern part of the EU .
In December last year , the IMF , together with the EU , the World Bank and Sweden , also loaned $ 10.5 billion to Latvia .
On the other hand , Georgia got a ¾- billion - dollar credit line to prop up its currency , followed by Belarus , which received $ 2.5 billion in January of this year .
Finally , Serbia is in the process of acquiring a $ 2 billion loan .
But the other two Baltic states , Estonia and Lithuania , are next in line for IMF , World Bank , and EU help , followed by Bulgaria and Romania .
Since the start of the Eastern Europe crisis in the fall of last year , the IMF has lent $ 40 billion .
Counting the loans granted to Iceland and Pakistan , the figure has reached $ 50 billion .
The leaders of the richest EU countries , who gathered in Berlin before the second G20 summit since the world economic crisis began , now say they want to increase the IMF lending capacity from its current level of $ 250 billion to $ 500 billion .
Japan has already pledged another $ 100 billion , but the big Western European countries might not be able to raise additional money , even as they discuss the possibility of issuing a new euro bond designed to reduce the risk premiums borne by the governments with lower sovereign credit ratings .
The United States is already in a mountain of debt , while China and Middle Eastern countries — which have the reserves needed — refuse to supplement IMF funding without receiving in exchange more voting power in the international body , a concession that the big European countries , whose voting rights will therefore be diluted , do n't want to make .
Concentration of Emerging Europe 's Exposure to Western Europe , H1 2008 Source : Bank for International Settlements , Quarterly Review , June 2008 Note : Country names are abbreviated according to the ISO standard codes .
Emerging Europe exposure to western European banks is defined as a share of the reporting banks in each western European country in the total outstanding claims on a given emerging European country ( both bank and nonbank sectors ) .
For example , about 42 percent of Croatia 's exposures to western European reporting banks is owed to Austrian banks , 38 percent to Italian banks , 13 percent to French banks , etc .
For the Baltic countries , 85 percent or more of exposures to the reporting banks is owed to Swedish banks .
At the same time , within the EU , the southern countries ( Spain , Italy , Portugal , Greece ) and Ireland , confronted with severe turmoil in their banking system due to falling mortgage assets and rapidly contracting economies , want the ECB and the EU to channel their resources primarily into bailing out their banks .
The politics of who is bailing out whom will become ever more complex as the economic crisis in Europe and the rest of the world deepens .
The current crisis in Eastern Europe , just like the one in America or the western part of the old continent , is a painful process , but a concerted international bailout of the irresponsible banks and governments of the region is not the solution .
It was precisely such expectations , coupled with years of loose monetary policy in the United States and Europe , that created a chain of moral hazard which led to the current economic crisis .
The gradual lowering of interest rates by the Fed , the ECB , the Bank of England , and other independent European central banks , such as Riksbank and the Swiss National Bank , in the aftermath of the dotcom bubble and the 9/11 events , provided the incentive for Western European banks to overleverage their assets and then , through their subsidiaries , to begin extending poorly underwritten loans into a virgin Eastern Europe .
The Eastern European central bankers also joined in the effort of their Western counterparts in stimulating global demand , but their cuts were smaller and their interest rates remained comparatively higher .
Consequently , some of the cheap money in the West was carry traded by sophisticated financiers in the East , making the local currencies , like the Romanian leu for instance , look strong .
When the financial crisis unfolded in the United States and Western Europe in the summer of 2007 , the reverse carry trade kicked in as investors drew on their money in Eastern Europe to cover their liquidity shortages .
Then the funding lines of the parent banks ( who now had problems of their own ) to their local subsidiaries were cut back .
The boom was now coming to an end in Eastern Europe as well .
As interest rates went up , the housings and residential markets in Poland , Bulgaria , Romania , the Baltics , and Russia came to a halt and began to decline .
The local banks were left with a pool of loans of uncertain value .
In many cases , high levels of government debt were a big part of the problem .
Even though the region 's economies experienced high growth rates in the previous years , in many countries the public debt grew .
Hungary is the most prominent example among the Eastern European countries that are members of the EU , but relatively high government deficits were also the case in Romania .
Among the non-EU members , Ukraine stands out as the country ravished by government spending excesses .
The main floating Eastern European currencies : Czech koruna , Romanian leu , Russian ruble , Hungarian forint , and the Polish zloty Source : Danske Bank
However , the economic slowdown will increase budget deficits even in those countries where fiscal policy was relatively well balanced .
In the case of Russia , which , unlike almost every other Eastern European country , has a current account surplus , the sharp fall in oil prices in the second part of last year considerably reduced revenues .
This coincided with a significant deterioration of the business environment following the short war with Georgia , its small southern neighbor .
The government 's hostile policies led investors to pull their money out of the country , provoking a spectacular fall of the Moscow stock market and a plunge of the ruble .
There is tremendous pressure in Europe not to allow the bankruptcy of any banks that expect massive write - downs on their Eastern European operations ; and , in the case of Bulgaria and the Baltic countries , the pegs to the euro formally exclude the devaluation of the currency .
But a joint EU , IMF , and World Bank bailout for the region will amount to a continuation of the risk - subsidizing policy and market - discipline erosion that gave birth to the current turmoil in the first place .
The banks that gambled on ill - conceived loans would be rewarded for their inefficiency and kept alive through wealth redistribution from those businesses and individuals who were comparatively more prudent .
The net effect of such policies is to encourage moral hazard in the future , which , in turn , will induce a higher unpredictability in the financial system .
However , Eastern Europe is not a homogeneous or even clearly definable entity .
[ 2 ]
The situation differs from one country to another .
In same cases , particularly in non-EU ex-Soviet countries , such as Ukraine or — beyond strictly geographical Europe — Kazakhstan , governments might default on their foreign debt .
Elsewhere some form of debt restructuring will be pursued , while in some places a combination of currency devaluation and refinancing would solve the problem .
The reality is that there is no costless solution out of the current mess .
But using the ECB , the IMF , or the World Bank to absorb the losses of insolvent banks in the guise of smoothing temporary imbalances in the balance - of - payment system is the worst solution one can think of .
In time , most of the external imbalances will work themselves out .
Already , the economic slowdown is shrinking the region 's current account deficits .
The rapid growth in prosperity that took place in most Eastern European countries during the last eight years has fueled high hopes of catching up with Western living standards .
Not surprisingly , the economic downturn is sparking anxiety and , in some countries , even civil unrest .
Although the situation will get worse before it gets better , the fear of an economic collapse that would transport the region back to the conditions experienced shortly after the fall of the communist central - planning system are exaggerated .
This does n't mean , however , that there is no reason to worry .
The policy choices enacted in the face of the current crisis will shape the potential for prosperity in the future .
A full - blown bailout of the banks responsible for making bad loans will only further an economic system of private profits and socialized losses .
Such a system is as incompatible with the free - market economy that many Eastern Europeans thought they were adopting after 1989 as is the old Marxist - Leninist socialism .
March 7 , 2009 — Alderson Warm - Fork
It occurred to me that in my last post I lumped capitalist - individualism and fascism in the same category , and that some readers might be puzzled by this .
After all , are n’t individualism and fascism complete opposites ?
I would suggest ‘ no ’ .
The natural consequence of capitalist - individualism is complete alienation of people from each other – each person not just “ thinking only of themselves ” , but more importantly feeling only of themselves , rather than feeling ‘ at home ’ in the group .
And the natural consequence of this lack of social cohesion , this atomisation , is that order can only be maintained by force on a much greater scale .
Thus authoritarianism goes hand - in - hand with this sort of ‘ individualism ’ .
Historical examples of this tendency abound .
The parties which most forcefully promote ‘ the free market ’ and support business are also those who most forcefully promote ‘ law and order ’ and deploy state force .
Margaret
Thatcher , for example , came to power to ‘ roll back the state ’ , doing so with the help of greater centralisation , authoritarianism , and police power .
Do n’t infringe the raight to private property , oh no .
But launching wars , beating up demonstrators , incarcerating ethnic minorities ?
All perfectly consistent with respect for the individual .
And conversely , totalitarian governments in practice promote a strong sort of ‘ individualism ’ – you ca n’t trust anyone , and any too strong a bond with other individuals , or groups independent of the state , is suspect .
There is only you the individual , and the mighty government .
This should n’t surprise us though .
The very idea of a conflict between collectivism and individualism is laughable .
What are collectives made of , except for individuals ?
“ What benefits the individual but harms the group ” actually means “ what benefits one individuals but harms other individuals ” .
The good of the group and the good of the individuals that make it up are inextricably linked .
What are in conflict are pseudo - collectivisim , where some people formulate a self - serving idea of ‘ the common good ’ and impose it on others , and real individualism .
But that ’s just because pseudo - collectivism is in conflict with real collectivism as well !
Similarly , pseudo - individualism , where some people claim the right to control others ( through , e.g. , ownership of the means of production ) as being their individual freedom , is in very real conflict with collectivism .
But it ’s also in conflict with genuine individualism – because the freedom that comes from wealth for a few is based on depriving the majority of that same freedom , i.e. harming a greater number of individuals .
I think this pattern extends more widely .
Freedom and equality , for example , are so far from being in conflict that they are basically equivalent ( I wo n’t go into how but I can if you insist ) .
But when freedom is misrepresented as ‘ freedom to own property ’ , a conflict is produced .
This conflict is then used to mystify and confuse people .
I would even cautiously suggest that all ( or almost all ) valid values are ultimately equivalent : love , freedom , equality , community , dignity , etc .
The conflicts are not conflicts between ideas or values , they are conflicts between different groups ’ interests – groups who seek to conceal this conflict by projecting it into the realm of ideas .
Bob Dylan has announced that his new album ‘ Together Through Life ’ will be released on April 27 .
The self - produced album – credited to regular alias Jack Frost – was inspired after Dylan wrote new song ‘ Life Is Hard ’ for a forthcoming film from French director Oliver Dahan .
The American legend will follow 2006 ’s bluesy Modern Times with “ raw - country love songs , sly wordplay , and the wounded state of the nation ” …oh Bob , how could we possibly say no .
An interview with Dylan on the new album can be heard on Bobdylan.com / .
Android Spreading Out to Netbooks , and E - Ink Devices
by Ostatic Staff - Feb. 23 , 2009
Although it is still early enough in development that it may not become a shipping product , Asus has confirmed that it has been developing a netbook based on Google 's Android platform .
Asus ' Eee PC division lead , Samson Hu , told Bloomberg that engineers are working on a possible end - of - year release window .
We 've written before about Cupcake , a version of Android that is friendly to non-phone devices , and there have already been successful efforts putting Cupcake on netbooks .
With netbooks all the rage now , Asus is also very focused on lowering netbook costs , even heading for the $ 200 range .
This latest news is good for both Android and Asus .
Electronista notes this :
" Requiring Windows [ on netbooks ] has encouraged the use of Intel Atom processors , which at times struggle to run certain software features smoothly ; Android as a Linux - based mobile OS is designed to run on as little as a 200 - MHz ARM processor , and potentially lowers the cost of the components needed to run common tasks . "
Undoudtedly , the lower costs are part of Asus ' interest delivering an Android - based netbook .
Asus ' CEO has confirmed that rumors that buyers of Linux - based netbooks are returning them at a greater rate than Windows netbooks are not true , and Asus officials have also said they 're focused on delivering $ 200 netbooks .
Microsoft has had some success staving off Linux - based netbooks by getting Windows onto systems , but not total success .
Netbooks remain a product category where buyers are extremely cost - sensitive , and open source software is keeping prices low for many models .
Android can make a lot of sense for Asus .
Meanwhile , GigaOm recently reported on Moto Labs ' successful effort to get Android working on devices with E - Ink displays .
E
Ink is an electronic paper display technology with a paper - like , high - contrast appearance , ultra - low - power consumption and a thin , light form .
Combining it with Android is big news , according to GigaOm , because :
" Now you can have this low - power screen device updated via wireless Internet access .
Marry that to touch - based interfaces and the opportunities are endless . "
I expect Android to find success on both netbooks and E - Ink devices .
Gizmodo has also written about how useful an Android - based pocket , tablet device might be , suggesting that Asus might deliver one .
In fact , Android may have more success in the long run on these platforms than on phones .
The keys to making all this happen will be drawing an enthusiastic community of open source Android application developers , and delivering Android on multiple types of very low - cost devices .
Google could also make a big difference here by subsidizing the costs of some these gadgets , and perhaps sharing broadband service plan revenues with carriers , as Apple does with the iPhone and AT&T .
Finally , it 's good to see successful efforts to get Linux - based graphical interfaces and environments working on Android .
Check out this post , which has instructions on how to run X - Windows with GNOME , KDE , IceWM , and LXDE Desktop on Android devices .
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
They may look slow and clumsy , but underwater cameras have revealed that grizzly bears can perform some fancy footwork when a meal is on the cards .
A BBC team followed the bears as the annual salmon migration got underway .
They filmed them using their huge feet to deftly kick dead fish from deep pools into shallower water .
This behaviour , caught on camera for the first time , meant that the grizzlies could grab the fish without the bother of getting their ears wet .
Wildlife cameraman Jeff Turner said : " Most bears will do anything to avoid getting their ears wet - they hate it . "
The footage forms part of the new BBC Natural History Unit series Nature 's Great Events .
Camera lust
The salmon migration provides source of food for grizzlies Mr Turner has been filming grizzly bears ( Ursus arctos horribilis ) for the past 20 years in Alaska and Canada .
And the annual salmon migration , where millions of Pacific salmon swim thousands of kilometres to return to the exact patch of river where they were born , provided an opportunity to uncover more about the way the bears hunt .
The cameraman first tried to use remotely operated cameras to capture underwater footage of the grizzlies fishing .
But this proved problematic - the hungry bears kept on biting on the cable .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The team then replaced the thick cable with fine optical fibres , but the difficulties prevailed .
" The water was low and the salmon were n't spending as much time in the shallow parts of the river - they were concentrating on the deeper pools , " Mr Turner explained .
" So we moved the equipment there , but the next problem was that the bears were using the camera as a platform - their feet were hanging over the end of the lens and they were knocking the camera over .
" But we were getting these tantalising glimpses of what they were doing in there . "
It is the first time that anyone has really seen what they are doing underwater
Jeff Turner Eventually , Mr Turner decided to try a different approach .
He said : " At the end of the day , I just thought rather than rely on this remote technology , the bears seemed to be tolerating us pretty well , so I just stayed in the water and hand - held the camera on the end of the pole and followed them around with it . "
Standing just 2 m ( 6ft ) away from the bears , Mr Turner was able to record the grizzlies ' clever footwork .
Mr Turner said : " The older , more experienced bears would look down and see where the fish was , and then they would kick it along the bottom with their feet until they got it into the shallows .
" And then they could just reach down and pick it up .
" I 've seen this before from above the water , and you have a sense of what they are doing , but it is the first time that anyone has really seen what they are doing underwater . "
The team also managed to capture another rare sight - baby grizzlies emerging with their mother from their den high up in the Alaskan mountains .
Mr Turner said : " It is something I 've been trying to do for over 10 years .
It was a real treat to crack it . "
Nature 's Great Events : The Great Salmon Run is on Wednesday 18th February on BBC One at 2100 GMT and is repeated on Sunday at 1800 GMT
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In what is perhaps the most unusual compilation seen so far this year , a number of Anime ( Japanese Animation ) voice actresses have collaborated on a new album where these actresses perform classic punk rock songs by the likes of The Clash , Sex Pistols , Blondie , The Offspring , Green Day , Rancid , The Exploited , Ramones .
The Stooges and more .
The Anime News Network had the scoop .
The record is titled Legendary Punk Songs Collection and is due out February 25 , 2009 .
Sadly , we could not find samples of these songs .
Noch mehr Online - Durchsuchung : Auch Verfassungsschutz will schnüffeln
Kaum rückt die Onlinedurchsuchung für das BKA in greifbare Nähe , schon meldet auch das Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz Interesse am heimlichen Computer - Ausspähen an .
BERLIN taz Kurz bevor das BKA - Gesetz verabschiedet wird , fordert jetzt auch der Verfassungsschutz das Recht zur Online - Durchsuchung .
" Auch wir brauchen die Befugnis zum Zugriff auf informationstechnische Systeme " , sagte am Montag Heinz Fromm , der Präsident des Bundesamts für Verfassungsschutz .
Er sprach bei einem Symposium zur Terrorismusbekämpfung in Berlin .
Einzelne Online - Durchsuchungen hat der Bundesverfassungschutz früher schon durchgeführt , unter anderem gegen den Islamisten Reda S. Grundlage war eine geheime Verwaltungsvorschrift , die der damalige Innenminister Otto Schily ( SPD ) 2005 unterzeichnet hatte .
Sein Nachfolger Wolfgang Schäuble stoppte die Praxis jedoch im Frühjahr 2007 , nachdem der Bundesgerichtshof eine gesetzliche Grundlage für den heimlichen Polizei - Zugriff auf Computer forderte .
Schäuble hat natürlich nichts gegen Online - Durchsuchungen .
Er will aber eine ordentliche gesetzliche Grundlage im Verfassungschutzgesetz .
Diese hat er zuletzt allerdings nicht mehr offensiv gefordert , vermutlich weil er erst einmal die Online - Durchsuchung beim Bundeskriminalamt durchbringen will .
Auch Verfassungsschützer Fromm druckste am Montag lange herum , bis er das Wort " Online - Durchsuchung " doch noch in den Mund nahm .
Probleme könnte es allerdings mit den Vorgaben des Bundesverfassungsgerichts aus dem Februar geben .
Karlsruhe hatte Online - Durchsuchungen nur für zulässig erklärt , wenn es konkrete Anzeichen für Anschlagsvorbereitungen gibt .
Weithin war deshalb angenommen worden , dass der Gesetzgeber nur der Polizei den heimlichen Zugriff auf Computer einräumen darf , schließlich wird der Verfassungsschutz ja eher weit im Vorfeld konkreter Anschläge tätig .
Das aber muss nicht so sein , erläuterte Fromm auf Nachfrage der taz : " Wenn wir von einem anderen Nachrichtendienst eine Information über terroristische Gefahren bekommen , die wir nicht an die Polizei weitergeben dürfen , dann müssen wir dem Hinweis selbst nachgehen .
Das Recht zur Online - Durchsuchung würde unsere Möglichkeiten dabei deutlich verbessern . "
Ähnlich argumentiert übrigens auch Bayern , wo das Landesamt für Verfassungsschutz schon seit diesem Sommer heimlich Computer ausspähen darf .
Außerdem forderte Fromm jetzt eine Stärkung des Bundesamts für Verfassungsschutz gegenüber den sechzehn Landesämtern .
Im Bereich des islamistischen Terrorismus sollten künftig alle Erkenntnisse zentral vom Bundesamt ausgewertet werden , " damit nichts verloren geht und nichts zurückgehalten wird " , so Fromm .
Zudem will Fromm alle nachrichtendienstlichen Operationen in diesem Bereich zentral in seiner Behörde steuern .
Das Bundesamt habe zwar schon eine Zentralstellen - Funktion , doch müsse diese " optimiert " werden .
Die in Berlin zahlreich anwesenden Chefs der Landesämter reagierten auf diesen Vorschlag kühl .
" Darüber reden wir hinter verschlossenen Türen " , sagte etwa Alexander Eisvogel vom Verfassungsschutz in Hessen .
Vorstöße wie der von Fromm sind heikel , seit Otto Schily 2004 vorschlug , die Landesämter zu bloßen Außenstellen des Bundesamts zu machen .
Damals wurde aber immerhin in einer Verwaltungsvorschrift festgeschrieben , dass das Bundesamt in Terror - Fragen stets die Federführung hat .
Are you among those people who have worked with George W. Bush during his term as the president of the United States and as the governor of Texas ?
If so , you have all rights to be a part of this organization .
This is an Alumni Association for those who served and volunteered during the Bush - Cheney Administration and even back during the time when George W. Bush is not yet the president , but still the Texas governor .
Here you can see his legacy and all the things he managed to accomplish wherein you are a part of .
What else can you see here are the going on in his life at present even that which is inside his garage door in Dallas , many years after he descended from his seat of power .
We know that not everyone has the full grasp of what George W. Bush has accomplished and we wish to change that here .
We aim to educate people more so that they can never forget and the legacy could thrive and stay a lifetime in the hearts of the people of the United States of America .
It is not easy to be a leader .
But what is more difficult is being a leader of a whole nation .
This is now where every decision is dependent on you and you can make or break the whole country with every little word that you say –especially the policies that you pass .
Take note that the position George W. Bush held is not simply as a leader of one small community .
He held the seat of power for the whole superpower country and a country that is the leader of the other countries .
Of course , he cannot do it without the dedicated staff , crew , and people who made the effort with him .
As such , all of the accomplishments posted in this website are something that you are a part of .
George W. Bush ’s term was never easy .
Barely a year in the position as the country ’s president , he has already started facing one challenge after another .
One of the worst and the most debilitating is perhaps the 9/11 terrorist attack .
This is a series of coordinated attacks that not only ruined billion dollar worth of infrastructure but also killed and injured thousands of people .
He stood tall among this , indestructible but with the passion to help those who are in need .
He became the solid wall who is dedicated to rehabilitating what was destroyed .
He did not allow anything to come his way and he became the protector of the nation to the very word .
Aside from this role , he also managed to sign into fruition many different laws that made the lives of the people more convenient and even better .
Even if you are not among those people who served and volunteered for George W. Bush , you are also welcome here .
You will know so many things about his term once you decided to follow us on this site .
We encourage you to sign up for our newsletter in case you want our updates to be delivered straight to your email .
Are you among those people who have worked with George W. Bush during his term as the president of the United States and as the governor of Texas ?
If so , you have all rights to be a part of this organization .
This is an Alumni Association for those who served and volunteered during the Bush - Cheney Administration and even back during the time when George W. Bush is not yet the president , but still the Texas governor .
Here you can see his legacy and all the things he managed to accomplish wherein you are a part of .
What else can you see here are the going on in his life at present even that which is inside his garage door in Dallas , many years after he descended from his seat of power .
We know that not everyone has the full grasp of what George W. Bush has accomplished and we wish to change that here .
We aim to educate people more so that they can never forget and the legacy could thrive and stay a lifetime in the hearts of the people of the United States of America .
It is not easy to be a leader .
But what is more difficult is being a leader of a whole nation .
This is now where every decision is dependent on you and you can make or break the whole country with every little word that you say –especially the policies that you pass .
Take note that the position George W. Bush held is not simply as a leader of one small community .
He held the seat of power for the whole superpower country and a country that is the leader of the other countries .
Of course , he cannot do it without the dedicated staff , crew , and people who made the effort with him .
As such , all of the accomplishments posted in this website are something that you are a part of .
George W. Bush ’s term was never easy .
Barely a year in the position as the country ’s president , he has already started facing one challenge after another .
One of the worst and the most debilitating is perhaps the 9/11 terrorist attack .
This is a series of coordinated attacks that not only ruined billion dollar worth of infrastructure but also killed and injured thousands of people .
He stood tall among this , indestructible but with the passion to help those who are in need .
He became the solid wall who is dedicated to rehabilitating what was destroyed .
He did not allow anything to come his way and he became the protector of the nation to the very word .
Aside from this role , he also managed to sign into fruition many different laws that made the lives of the people more convenient and even better .
Even if you are not among those people who served and volunteered for George W. Bush , you are also welcome here .
You will know so many things about his term once you decided to follow us on this site .
We encourage you to sign up for our newsletter in case you want our updates to be delivered straight to your email .
Ghada Abu Halima , 21
On 29 March , ten weeks after giving her testimony to B'Tselem , Ghada Abu Halima died in an Egyptian hospital from injuries she suffered when struck by the white phosphorous .
Until last week , I lived with my husband , Muhammad , 24 , and our two little daughters , Farah , 3 , and Aya , 6 months , in the a -Sifa section of Beit Lahiya .
We lived in the same house as Muhammad 's parents , Sa'dallah Abu Halima , 44 , and Sabah Abu Halima , 44 , and his brothers and sisters : ‘ Omar , 18 , Yusef , 16 , ‘ Abd a - Rahim , 13 , Zeid , 11 , Hamzah , 10 , ‘ Ali , 4 , and baby Shahd , 1 .
Our house had two floors .
On the first floor were 250 square meters of storage rooms , and we lived on the second floor .
We are farmers and have land next to the house .
On Saturday night [ 3 January ] , Israeli jets dropped leaflets calling on residents of the area to leave their homes .
The army did the same thing in previous incursions and we did n't leave the house , so this time , too , we decided not to leave .
Around 4 P.M. the next day [ 4 January ] , when all the family was in the house , the army started to shell our area .
A few minutes later , shells landed on our house .
Fire broke out in the house and several members of the family burned to death : my father - in - law , his baby daughter Shahd , and three of his sons - ‘ Abd a - Rahim , Zeid and Hamzah .
My mother - in - law and her sons Yusef , ‘ Omar and ‘ Ali suffered burns .
The fire spread throughout the house .
I was holding my daughter Farah and we were both burned too .
My clothes went up in flames , and some of my skin and Farah 's skin was scorched .
Luckily , my baby daughter Aya was n't hurt .
I ripped the clothes off my body and cried out that I was burning .
I was naked in front of everybody in the house .
My body was burning and the pain was excruciating .
I could smell my flesh burning .
I was in a horrible condition .
I looked for something to cover me and shouted non-stop .
My husband 's brother took off his pants and gave them to me to wear .
The top part of my body remain stayed naked until my husband came and covered me with his jacket .
Then he ran to the road to get an ambulance or find some people to help us get the killed and injured people out of the house .
He could n't find any ambulance or firefighting vehicle .
His cousins , who live nearby us , Matar and Muhammad - Hikmat Abu Halima , came to help .
My husband lifted me up , and Nabilah , his aunt , picked up Farah .
Another aunt , who also came to help , took Aya .
Muhammad , Farah , Nabilah , her son ‘ Ali , ‘ Omar , Matar and I all got onto a wagon hitched to a tractor .
Muhammad Hahmat drove it , heading to Kamal ‘ Adwan Hospital .
We also took the body of the baby Shahed .
We left all the others in the house .
On the way , we saw soldiers about 300 meters from al - ‘ Atatrah Square .
Muhammad stopped the tractor and suddenly , the soldiers opened fire at us .
They killed Matar and Muhammad - Hikmat .
‘ Ali was wounded and managed to run away with Nabilah and ‘ Omar .
The soldiers told my husband to undress , which he did .
Then he put his clothes back on and the soldiers told us to continue by foot .
We left the three bodies in the wagon .
My husband , Farah , and I walked toward the square , where we got into a car that happened to be passing by .
He took us to a - Shifaa Hospital .
It was about 6 P.M. when we got to the hospital .
I am still hospitalized .
My whole body was burned , and so was my face .
Farah has third - degree burns .
We were referred to further treatment in Egypt and they tried to take us to Rafah by ambulance , but the army fired at us on the way .
The driver was slightly wounded in the face and he drove back to the hospital .
Now we are waiting for authorization to leave for Egypt . />
Ghada Riad Rajab Abu Halima , 21 , married with two children , resident of Beit Lahiya , Gaza Strip .
Testimony was given to Muhammad Sabah at a - Shifaa Hospital on 9 January 2009 .
Note : TheCooksDen may receive a small commission from our partner should you choose to purchase this item
TheCooksDen.com is Proud to Announce
The Winners of the Culinary Cinema Awards
Coinciding with this year 's Academy Awards , TheCooksDen is proud to announce the winners of its All - Time Culinary Cinema Awards .
These awards honor great movies that include food as a central component in their theme , plot or cinematography .
Awards are given in nine major categories .
See below for the complete list of nominees in each category , and click through to see the winners as well as a more thorough discussion of each film .
Now sit back , whip up some chic dessert in a fancy shmancy fry pan , enjoy the movies and , as always , feel free to add your own comments and suggestions .
Best On - Screen Feast
The most ambitious of food movies create for us a feast , slowly and carefully , visually and gastronomically , much as one is created in real life .
The following movies have taken the on - screen feast to new heights , leaving the audience in awe and grabbing for their cookbooks .
Nominees :
Big Night
Babette 's Feast
The Chinese Feast
Pieces of April
What 's Cooking ?
The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie
Click Here to See Details and the Winner >>
Sexiest Food Movie
On - screen sex and food are a natural match that have been paired together throughout the history of film .
These movies have managed to satisfy two of our most basic desires as well as to provide great entertainment .
Nominees :
Woman on Top
Vatel
Dona Flor e Seus Dois Maridos
Like Water For Chocolate
Tampopo
Honorable Mention :
Tom Jones
9 1/2 Weeks
Click Here to See Details and the Winner >>
Best Food Documentary
Most food documentaries seem to fall into one of two categories : those that tell us the grand overarching story of our food chain , and those that focus on the glory of a single simple flavor .
While this list is no exception to that rule , these films have risen to the top in those two categories .
Nominees :
All in This Tea
King Corn
Garlic Is As Good As Ten Mothers
Our Daily Bread
Super Size Me
The Future of Food
Click Here to See Details and the Winner >>
Best Restaurant Industry Movie
Capturing the essence of the commercial kitchen is tricky -- how does one show the chaos , the mundane details and the range of emotion while at the same time providing a compelling story ?
No easy feat , but these nominees have done it best .
Nominees :
Eat This New York
In the Weeds
Spanglish
Dinner Rush
I Like Killing Flies
Ratatouille
Click Here to See Details and the Winner >>
Funniest Food Movie
From the pie - in - the - face to the banana - peel , food comedies have often relied on slapstick humor to entertain .
But a few select films manage to feature great writing , top - notch acting and , in some cases , best - of - class sight gags .
Nominees :
Eating Raoul
The Last Supper
Gai Tung Aap Gong
God of Cookery
The Green Butchers
Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe ?
Honorable Mention :
The Dinner Game
Click Here to See Details and the Winner >>
Most Disturbing Food Movie
Only for the strong - of - stomach , this sub - genre contrasts our most basic need with gut - wrenching images and themes .
But , if you like that sort of thing , this list is loads of fun as well .
Nominees :
301/302
Soylent Green
La Grand Bouffe
Delicatessen
Fast Food Nation
The Cook , The Thief , His Wife and Her Lover
Honorable Mention :
Old Boy
Click Here to See Details and the Winner >>
Best Leading Actor in a Food Movie
From chef to restaurateur to lowly busboy , the performances delivered by leading men in food movies are both varied and rich .
While most of these movies are entertaining in their own right , the leading male role is what elevates them to the award - worthy .
Nominees :
Pierre Richard in A Chef in Love
Bernard Giraudeau in A Matter of Taste
Bob Hoskins in Felicia 's Journey
Raimu in La Femme du Boulanger
Daniel Auteuil in Aprés Vous
Andre Gregory in My Dinner With Andre
Honorable Mention :
Hector Elizondo in Tortilla Soup
Click Here to See Details and the Winner >>
Best Leading Actress in a Food Movie
The best food - movie leading actresses are tasked with being all things to all viewers .
Smart and sexy is a given , but these women must portray culinary geniuses as well .
A handful have managed to pull it off , and do so in style .
Nominees :
Keri Russell in Waitress
Juliette Binoche in Chocolat
Martina Gedeck in Mostly Martha
Vivica Fox in Soul Food
Toni Collette in Hotel Splendide
Stéphane Audran in Au petit Marguery , Babette 's Feast and The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie
Honorable Mention :
Several Actresses in Decline of the American Empire
Click Here to See Details and the Winner >>
Best Food Movie
The best food movies make us crave .
Whether that craving is to eat , to cook , to love or all of the above is open to interpretation .
A handful of movies manage to accomplish that goal and to entertain foodie and non-foodie audience alike .
No small task , for sure , but these few would be right at home in a conventional movie awards ceremony as well as in ours .
Nominees :
Big Night
Chocolat
Eat Drink Man Woman
La Graine et Le Mulet
Tampopo
Babette 's Feast
Ratatouille
The Scent of Green Papaya
Click Here to See Details and the Winner >>
TEHRAN — Iran has fired a satellite into orbit and a shot across the bow of American diplomacy .
Its first orbital launching , announced Tuesday , coincided with celebrations of the 30th anniversary of the Islamic Revolution and raised concerns in the United States and other countries about Iran ’s potential use of long - range missiles to send warheads halfway around the globe .
The rocket apparently went up late Monday night or early Tuesday morning .
Weapons experts agreed that the act was mainly a symbolic accomplishment because the satellite was very small .
Launching a heavy warhead intercontinental distances would require a far more powerful missile .
The launching comes as President Obama has struck a conciliatory tone toward Tehran , suggesting that he will move toward dialogue after years of tensions .
Even so , he may take a tough line in the coming months and could seek to tighten sanctions against Iran .
In using its own rocket to launch the satellite , Iran joined eight other nations that have used their own technologies to send objects into orbit .
Amateur observers have already spotted the bright craft in the night sky .
I noticed the sound one evening about a year ago .
At first , I thought an alarm had been set off .
Then I realized that the noise — a high - pitched drone — was mainly in my right ear .
It has been with me ever since .
The tone varies , from a soft whoosh like a shower to a piercing screech resembling a dental drill .
When I am engaged in work at the hospital or in the laboratory , it seems distant .
But in idle moments it gets louder and more annoying , once even jarring me from a dream .
Tinnitus is one of the most common clinical conditions in the United States .
Illustration by Laurent Cilluffo
Tinnitus — the false perception of sound in the absence of an acoustic stimulus , a phantom noise — is one of the most common clinical syndromes in the United States , affecting twelve per cent of men and almost fourteen per cent of women who are sixty - five and older .
It only rarely afflicts the young , with one significant exception : those serving in the armed forces .
Tinnitus affects nearly half the soldiers exposed to blasts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
This past August , I visited SUNY Buffalo , which houses one of the major clinical and research centers for the evaluation and study of tinnitus .
After filling out a detailed questionnaire , I met with Christina Stocking of the Speech - Language and Hearing Clinic , who has a doctorate in audiology and specializes in the condition .
Stocking thought that I might have suffered noise trauma during a youth spent on the New York City subways .
Sitting in the first row of a rock concert exposes you to between a hundred and ten and a hundred and twenty decibels ; the screech of the New York subways can reach about a hundred and fifteen decibels .
Moreover , since much of the New York subway system is underground , the noise reverberates in the tunnels , unlike in Boston , where many of the trains are above ground and noise dissipates , or in Paris , where several metro lines run on rubber wheels .
Normally , the outer ear , known as the pinna , collects sound waves and directs them into the ear canal , which carries the sound waves to the eardrum .
In turn , the eardrum vibrates , and these tremors are picked up by the three tiny bones in the middle ear : the malleus ( resembling a club ) , the incus ( shaped like an anvil ) , and the stapes ( similar to a stirrup ) .
These bones amplify the sound vibrations and transmit them to the inner ear , where the cochlea converts the vibrations into electrical impulses , which travel from the acoustic nerve to the part of the brain that processes sound , the auditory cortex .
Tinnitus can be temporary , caused by excess wax , an infection of the inner ear , or the toxic effects of drugs like aspirin ( which appears to weaken the neural signals from the ear to the brain ) or those used to treat cancer .
Some people with normal hearing develop spontaneous tinnitus when placed in total silence ; this is believed to be a response of the auditory cortex to the abnormal absence of all ambient sounds .
But the majority of people with chronic symptoms develop them in conjunction with hearing loss .
With the recent proliferation of MP3 players , rates of hearing loss and tinnitus may rise sharply in the coming years .
A recent European Union study has projected that as many as ten million Europeans may be at risk of developing severe hearing loss as they age ; and , according to the American Academy of Audiology , noise - induced hearing loss affects about one out of every eight children in the United States .
The range of tinnitus ’s severity is as wide as the ways of describing the syndrome .
Martin Amis , in “ Money , ” characterizes the tinnitus that his character John Self suffers as “ jet take - offs , breaking glass , ice scratched from the tray . ”
In “ A Pair of Blue Eyes , ” Thomas Hardy ’s William Worm complains of “ people frying fish : fry , fry , fry , all day long in my poor head . ”
Some patients also suffer from hyperacusis , in which certain sounds are amplified in a painful way .
As part of a standard evaluation , patients are given a series of tests : a tympanogram , to determine how the eardrums respond to air pressure ; an assessment of the cochlea ’s response to sound ; and a standard audiogram , to test the frequency and intensity of sounds that define the span of hearing .
Although my eardrums functioned well , Stocking said , the last two tests showed signs common to hearing loss at high frequencies , usually owing to age and noise trauma .
The audiologists at the Buffalo clinic see between a hundred and fifty and two hundred tinnitus patients a year , nearly all of them referred by physicians because the noise is disrupting their lives .
Last May , David Nowak , a sixty - four - year - old retired machine repairman , had an ear infection that his doctor treated with antibiotics .
Shortly thereafter , he heard a loud horn in the street , and has been plagued by tinnitus ever since .
“ It ’s so loud that I ca n’t drown it out , ” he told me .
“ It is a high - pitched squeal most of the time . ”
Nowak said that , before the tinnitus , “ I did n’t have a care in the world — I cut the grass and I played with my granddaughter . ”
Now , he said , “ My life has come to a halt .
I ca n’t do anything .
I ca n’t concentrate . ”
One Sunday , he told me , he went out and stood by a metal flagpole during a storm , hoping that lightning would strike , and that he had gone to the cemetery and “ begged my mother to take me .
I wish I would pass away . ”
Tinnitus may have been described as early as the Seventeenth Dynasty , in Egypt ( 1650 - 1532 B.C. ) : an ancient Egyptian text , the Medical Book from Crocodilopolis ( circa 150 B.C. ) , contains references to a “ humming in the ear . ”
Treatment involved pouring herbs , oil , frankincense , tree sap , and soil into the ear using a reed stalk .
The earliest undisputed description of the condition comes from Hippocrates , who used three words to describe the problem : echos , meaning sound ; bombos , denoting buzzing ; and psophos , indicating a slight sound .
( Our word “ tinnitus ” derives from the Latin tinnire , meaning to ring . )
The Greco - Roman therapy ranged from holding one ’s breath in an effort to expel offending humors from the ear to placing honey , vinegar , cucumber juice , and radish extract in the ear .
Hippocrates did make an observation that serves as the foundation for modern therapy : “ Why is it that the buzzing in the ear ceases if one makes a sound ?
Is it because the greater sound drives out the less ? ”
In the modern era , people with tinnitus were thought to be suffering from anxiety or delusion , or to be subject to the transmission of spontaneous impulses from the nerve within the ear .
Researchers have only recently begun to explore the neurological basis for tinnitus .
Richard Salvi , a professor at SUNY Buffalo , is one of the leading experts in the field .
As a graduate student at Upstate Medical Center , in Syracuse , Salvi had set out to identify the “ neurological signature ” for tinnitus by treating rats and mice with drugs that injured the auditory nerve ; conventional wisdom held that , after damage to the hearing apparatus in the inner ear , increased output from the cochlea would create the constant ringing or buzzing sound perceived as tinnitus .
Salvi recalled , “ Instead of seeing hyperactivity , which was the prevailing opinion about tinnitus , it was just the opposite .
Output would actually slow down .
You had a severely deafened animal , and nothing coming out of the inner ear — no spontaneous activity at all . ”
Salvi moved to SUNY Buffalo in 1987 .
He had begun to consider a new theory , in which hyperactivity originated in the central nervous system rather than in the inner ear .
He collaborated with Dr. Alan Lockwood , a neurologist at SUNY Buffalo .
“ Initially , we were going to do images of the brains of people who are normal and people with tinnitus , ” Salvi recalled .
“ But when you are doing any sort of brain - imaging project what you have is all the other confounding variables ” — such as age , gender , and head size .
Shortly after Salvi ’s arrival , he met with a group of local residents who had formed a tinnitus support group .
One person , Salvi recalled , got up and said , “ ‘ Dr. Salvi , I stick my tongue out and my tinnitus gets louder . ’
I looked at the person , and my eyes started to wobble around in my head , and I thought , What ’s going on with this person ? ”
Then a second person got up and said , “ When I clench my jaw , my tinnitus gets quieter . ”
Salvi told me , “ A light bulb went off in my head .
It seemed like what we should be doing with imaging studies was not comparing normal people to those with tinnitus but , rather , having these people come in and get scanned when their tinnitus was quiet , and then again while doing something like sticking out their tongue , which made it louder .
In the same patient we can determine what part of the brain was changing . ”
“ With these credit - default swaps , I never know whose legs I ’m supposed to break . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
The first PET - scan results were unexpected .
Whereas a real sound will activate areas on both sides of the brain , “ we found a big increase in activity in just one side of the brain , ” Salvi told me .
If the origins of tinnitus were in the ear , it would activate both sides of the brain ; when only one side appeared active , it suggested that the tinnitus originated in the central nervous system .
The brain became hyperactive in an effort to compensate for the reduced input , generating phantom sounds .
This conclusion , which was published in the journal Neurology in 1998 , began to change the way that researchers approached tinnitus .
Still , there is no convincing explanation for why only one side of the brain shows activity in people with tinnitus , particularly since it does n’t appear consistently on either the right or the left side .
Another oddity is a type of tinnitus called “ gaze - evoked , ” in which ringing in the ears is occasioned or worsened by moving one ’s eyes to the right or left , or up or down .
Case studies reported gaze - evoked tinnitus in patients who had had a tumor on the auditory nerve which was surgically removed .
“ The patient goes completely deaf in that ear , and then he starts hearing the phantom sound of tinnitus in the ear which is deaf , ” Salvi explained .
“ The ear is n’t even connected to the brain anymore . ”
When patients with gaze - evoked tinnitus were given PET scans , some showed activity in the angular gyrus , an area of the brain near the auditory cortex ; others had activity in the brain stem .
“ The bottom line was that you perceive tinnitus in your deaf ear but there is no nerve there , no input , ” he went on .
“ So it has to come from various parts of the brain . ”
Jean - Luc Puel , a professor of neuroscience in Montpellier , France , is not convinced that tinnitus always originates as a phantom sound in the brain .
He has studied rats and guinea pigs that were treated with high doses of aspirin or exposed to noise trauma .
Puel believes that glutamate , a neurotransmitter , is inappropriately processed in the cochlea , which causes abnormal impulses from the acoustic nerve , and that by infusing the animal ’s ear with a drug that blocks the action of glutamate he can reduce the tinnitus .
More broadly , Puel argues that the disorder may have multiple causes .
“ This conflict between peripheral and central origin of tinnitus is simplistic , ” he said .
“ To have perception of tinnitus , which is subjective , you need a brain . ”
Puel allows that his view is contrarian , adding , “ I like to arrive at scientific meetings and disturb people . ”
But he also believes that different causes of tinnitus may reflect differences in biology .
“ There is no one type of tinnitus , ” he told me .
When I visited Salvi ’s laboratories , Edward Lobarinas , a researcher , was conducting experiments on rats that had been subjected to acoustic trauma .
Lobarinas showed me a Plexiglas platform with an embedded pressure sensor attached to a computer .
On top of the Plexiglas was a metal mesh canopy .
First , a normal rat that served as a control was caged under the canopy and the entire apparatus was placed inside an acoustic chamber , into which Lobarinas delivered a steady noise with a narrow frequency range .
“ It ’s a continual sound in the background , a sort of sh- h-h , ” he said .
This was interrupted by a loud bang .
“ The animal startles , ” he said , and this sent a measurement of the movement through the pressure sensor to the computer screen , which showed a sharp spike .
In the next step , the sudden bang was preceded by a silent gap in the noise .
This time , the rat had a much smaller startle reflex , seen on the computer as a low peak .
“ When you have a silent gap before the loud noise , you ’re less startled , ” Lobarinas said .
“ It ’s like when it ’s dark and you ’re in your room and a bogeyman jumps out at you .
You have a maximum startle .
But if , before the bogeyman jumps out , the door is slowly creaking open , you sort of know the bogeyman is going to come out , and that decreases your startle . ”
When a rat with induced hearing loss underwent the same experiment , it had a robust startle reflex even when the loud noise was preceded by silence .
“ The rat has tinnitus , ” Lobarinas said .
“ It ca n’t tell us , of course , but it has constant buzzing in the ear , and we know that although it hears , it does n’t perceive the silent gap because of tinnitus .
So its startle reflex is not attenuated .
It does n’t hear the door slowly creaking open , just the bogeyman . ”
Total funding for tinnitus research in the United States has recently been little more than three million dollars .
“ People do n’t realize how complicated tinnitus really is , ” Salvi said .
“ It ’s in the same league as epilepsy and many neurological disorders .
But so little money is spent on it , so there is almost no scientific database you can build on . ”
Perry Jefferies , now a forty - eight - year - old retired Army first sergeant , entered Iraq with the 4th Infantry Division in April , 2003 , as part of the initial invasion of Operation Iraqi Freedom .
“ We moved from Kuwait to Baghdad , ” he told me , when we spoke by phone , “ and then went up to Tikrit , until we were posted at the Iran border . ”
Jefferies escorted and resupplied units moving into battle .
After one firefight , as his convoy was evacuating an injured Iraqi soldier , U.S. helicopters fired missiles into enemy ammunition bunkers .
“ We were right there at the explosions , ” he said .
Later , as his convoy was resupplying a unit near the border with Iran , a massive explosion at a nearby Iraqi fort rocked his Humvee .
“ We think that looters set it off , ” he said .
“ It fried the fort . ”
Although hearing trauma was most intense in combat , Jefferies said , he had been exposed to repeated noise during his many years in the military .
During basic training , while on the weapons range , “ we only wore one earplug , so you could hear the instructor when he yelled at you . ”
While learning how to fire a .50 - calibre gun from an armored personnel carrier , he recalled , “ we had no hearing protection .
Afterwards , blood was coming out of one of my ears . ”
He had ruptured his right eardrum .
Even so , the close - range explosion at the fort was different from anything he had experienced before .
“ I felt like I was under water for a few minutes , ” he said .
Since that time , he has been afflicted with tinnitus .
“ It is a high , steady electronic tone , ” he told me .
“ And my ears feel heavy and blocked . ”
As a first sergeant , Jefferies acted as an adviser to soldiers during their deployment .
“ One of my jobs was to try to find answers , ” he said .
“ But I do n’t remember any discussion about hearing protection . ”
The soldiers in his unit were required to carry earplugs , but many of them would simply attach the case to the front of their protective vests .
“ I had to listen sometimes to three different radios in the Humvee and respond , ” Jefferies went on .
No one , he told me , wore hearing protection , even when machine guns were test - fired on the base .
In 2004 , Jefferies retired from active service and was awarded the Bronze Star and the Legion of Merit .
Jefferies ’s hearing fluctuates , at times diminishing to thirty - five per cent below normal , and he is now receiving ten - per - cent disability compensation for tinnitus .
He is active in the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America and works as a blood - donor recruiter at Robertson Blood Center , at Fort Hood , in Texas .
“ It is hard to hear in a bar or restaurant , hard to discern certain words , and I have to turn up the TV , ” he told me .
At times , the high - pitched drone of his tinnitus wakes him in the middle of the night .
A recent report from the Department of Veterans Affairs estimated that nearly seventy thousand of the 1.3 million soldiers who have served in Iraq and Afghanistan are collecting disability for tinnitus , and more than fifty - eight thousand are on disability for hearing loss .
In 2006 , the V.A. reportedly spent five hundred and thirty - nine million dollars on payments to veterans with tinnitus .
A survey of more than a hundred and forty - one thousand Army active - duty , reserve , and Guard members who were examined in audiology clinics from April , 2003 , through March , 2004 , showed that tinnitus accounted for more than thirty per cent of post - deployment - related diagnoses .
The study , from the U.S. Army Center for Health Promotion and Preventive Medicine , concluded , “ There were not adequate supplies of earplugs to fit all deploying soldiers .
There was also failure of an Army medical readiness automation system . . . to provide unit commanders with information regarding troops having adequate hearing protection .
. . .
Finally , there is evidence . . . that soldiers having blast injuries may not have been referred to audiology for adequate evaluation and treatment . ”
As with body armor and protective shielding on Humvees , the Pentagon had failed to anticipate the kind of hearing - protection devices that were needed .
Even soldiers who were provided with earplugs were given insufficient instruction in their use ; mistakenly believing that the earplugs could interfere with low - frequency sounds , like whispered commands during search - and - destroy operations , many chose not to use them .
Theresa Schulz , an audiologist who served in the military for twenty - one years , told me that hearing loss accompanying tinnitus is now the No. 1 cause of disability among veterans of the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq .
“ I think it ’s probably because of the nature of urban warfare , ” she said , given that gunfire and mortar and grenade explosions occur in relatively confined and often closed areas .
After Schulz left the military , she worked for the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health , in the field of hearing conservation among workers , and she is now employed in the private sector , developing devices that can protect against noise trauma .
For civilians , Schulz noted , extraordinary noise like construction blasts or jackhammering can often be anticipated and protected against , but “ in the military that ’s not the case .
It can come up anytime . ”
“ We ’re not friends — she just e-mails me things I ’m not interested in . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
In the fall of 2004 , in an article for Hearing Health titled “ Troops Return with Alarming Rates of Hearing Loss , ” Schulz wrote , “ Unfortunately , the resources required to accomplish the hearing conservation mission throughout the armed forces are diminishing just as the problem worsens . ”
Positions for active - duty audiologists , Schulz noted , were quickly being eliminated ; since 1990 , these positions had dwindled from seventy - three to twenty - five , with six more posts expected to be eliminated in the coming years .
Meanwhile , Schulz wrote , “ In the Army . . . only forty - six per cent of those soldiers who require an annual hearing evaluation — because they are exposed to hazardous noise as a part of their routine duties — received one last year . ”
The military has attempted to make hearing protection more widely available .
The combat - arms earplug currently in use was originally developed in France , in the late nineteen - nineties , and contains a unique acoustic filter that is about the size of a grain of rice .
The filter creates acoustic friction to capture potentially harmful sound waves and turn them around , so that the noise does n’t send signals into the ear canal .
Schulz described it as low - end , explaining , “ It ’s basically just a fairly traditional earplug that has a filter in it , that allows through most of the sounds that you would normally hear , ” while blocking sharper noises , like gunfire .
A more sophisticated device , called QuietPro , is a lightweight digital tactical - communication headset with high - level hearing protection .
Continuous low - frequency rumbling noises above eighty - five decibels , such as those produced by helicopters and armored vehicles , are attenuated by more than thirty decibels .
Outer microphones amplify surrounding sound , but very loud impact noises from I.E.D.s are instantly blocked by a digital processor ; normal amplification is restored immediately after the impact sound has passed .
“ It ’s essentially a hearing aid and a hearing protector in one , ” Schulz said .
“ It ’s a device that allows you to turn up the sound so that you can hear what ’s on the other side of a door , what ’s around the corner .
. . .
It basically shuts down and protects you during the blast and then comes back on so that you can hear what ’s going on after the blast . ”
The Marines have adopted the QuietPro , but the Army and the Air Force , Schulz said , are taking a “ wait - and - see approach , ” particularly since each QuietPro unit costs about a thousand dollars .
But , Schulz noted , hearing loss and tinnitus can prevent soldiers from being redeployed and qualifies as a disability .
“ It ’s one of those pay - me - now , pay - me - later ” situations , Schulz said .
“ Pay - me - now is really less . ”
Colonel Kathy Gates , the director of the Army Audiology and Speech Center in Washington , D.C. , serves as the audiology consultant to the Army Surgeon General , working to redesign the hearing program in that branch of the service .
In 2004 , Gates instituted an annual surveillance hearing test for soldiers about to be deployed , and last year mandated a similar evaluation of those returning from service .
All soldiers must now be instructed in the use of the combat - arms earplugs .
Gates has helped develop a strategy for persuading Army personnel to wear the earplugs in combat by linking their use to success in battle rather than to long - term health .
“ A soldier with hearing loss is impaired in battle , ” Gates said .
“ We are linking hearing not to quality of life per se but to survivability and completion of the mission . ”
Gates said that QuietPro is being field - tested in Iraq and Afghanistan , and that the Army had increased the number of positions for audiologists in the battle theatre and in regional hospitals in Iraq .
Even so , recruitment was slow , and the military is not yet fully staffed despite the restoration of funding for the hearing program .
The efforts to provide proper training and equipment have had some success .
Specialist Joseph McLosky , who is twenty - four , is a member of the military - police reserve ; in September , 2006 , his unit was sent to Fort Dix to prepare for urban combat , and he was issued the newly requisitioned combat - arms earplugs .
Two - sided and color - coded ( the green side for use when actively shooting — on a range , for instance — and the yellow side for missions ) , the earplugs , McLosky said , were to be used in addition to the radio headsets that soldiers wear in convoys .
“ A lot of guys thought it was ridiculous to use both , ” he told me , when we spoke in September .
In December , 2006 , McLosky was deployed to the city of Bayji , between Baghdad and Mosul , in the north of the country , to train Iraqi police recruits in the use of firearms , surveillance missions , and the pursuit of insurgents .
“ We went from police station to police station along the same roads , spending eight to sixteen hours a day in the convoy , ” he said .
They encountered about one I.E.D. a week .
In June , 2007 , his squad was passing a checkpoint when a car bomb exploded .
“ Dirt and smoke and debris were flying past my head , ” he went on .
“ We had been up all night , and I thought I was dreaming . ”
Although he was only a few yards away from the explosion , McLosky said , “ My ears were n’t ringing . ”
In October , an I.E.D. detonated underneath McLosky ’s truck .
“ I was ejected from the vehicle , ” he said .
“ It broke my pelvis , left leg , and ankle .
I had to have my left foot amputated . ”
Despite the severity of his injuries , McLosky emerged with his hearing intact ; he now plans to become a physical therapist .
Throughout his deployment , McLosky told me , it had been easy to tell which soldiers were n’t wearing their earplugs .
“ They were the ones saying , ‘ What ?
What ? ’ ”
Tinnitus patients desperate for relief sometimes turn to folk remedies .
Christina Stocking routinely hears of patients using herbal supplements like ginkgo biloba or high doses of Vitamin B , neither of which has been proved effective in large controlled studies .
Antioxidants are commonly recommended — because the aging process is believed to be related in part to oxidized damage to tissues , including the auditory nerve — although no practical benefit has been documented .
Some of the more extreme approaches that Stocking has encountered include the neti pot , a device that resembles a teapot with a long spout ; the device is filled with warm salt water and used to irrigate the nasal passages .
“ You get yourself into a position to pour up one nostril , and it gets up to your sinus and drains out the other side , ” Stocking explained .
Another is “ ear candling , ” she told me .
“ People actually take wax paper , roll it up , stick one end into the ear canal , and light the other end . ”
Stocking trained under Pawel Jastreboff , now a professor at Emory University , who developed a treatment plan called tinnitus retraining therapy .
It combines counselling , to reduce the anxiety caused by the phantom sounds , with sound therapy , using a neutral background noise .
Stocking first determined the decibel level of my tinnitus , then transmitted a noise similar to rushing water to both ears through headphones .
For the first time in a year , I could n’t hear the dental drill even when I tried .
The device currently approved by the F.D.A. for tinnitus treatment , produced by a company called Neuromonics , resembles an MP3 player .
I put the earbuds in and listened to a soothing piece of classical music .
“ That is meant to induce relaxation , ” Stocking explained , a key component of the tinnitus management strategy .
Then I noticed a soft white noise that was programmed to mask my own tinnitus .
Again , within moments , the tinnitus was gone .
The theory , elaborated by Jastreboff , is that when more sounds are fed to the brain sensitivity and spontaneous activity decline — the effect Hippocrates remarked upon .
A simple hearing aid may reduce some tinnitus by amplifying background noises , but other strategies include using sounds in the environment , like soft background music from a stereo or more directed sounds that come from a fan or a small desktop sound machine .
Similarly , a device called a sound generator , which is worn on the ear , can supply a white noise that partially interferes with the tinnitus .
“ It really provides a sense of relief and control over the tinnitus , ” Stocking said .
“ Patients feel they are able to do something about it .
And , by providing additional sound , it seems to bring down the sensitivity of the auditory system . ”
Recently , I met with Dr. David Vernick , an ear - nose - and - throat specialist at my hospital , Beth Israel Deaconess .
He reviewed the tests done in Buffalo and concurred that I needed hearing aids .
“ They will certainly help you with what you are missing now , ” he said .
“ It ’s hard to know how much benefit you will get with regard to your tinnitus . ”
He added that hearing aids often act simply as a placebo .
By Syed Shoaib Hasan
BBC News , Karachi
Karachi has been plagued by violence for much of the last 20 years " We are doing our best to prevent them from taking over , " says Mohammad Rafiq earnestly as he sits in the crowded room in Karachi .
He is referring to Taleban militants who have come to the city from Pakistan 's tribal areas such as North and South Waziristan who " want to take over Karachi " .
Rafiq , a primary school teacher , is a resident of Baldia town , a suburb of Karachi .
He is also a member of a neighbourhood , or sector , office of the MQM ( United National Movement ) political party for his area .
' Bully and kill ' Karachi , on the coast of Pakistan 's southern Sindh province , is the country 's largest city .
It is also the South Asian nation 's financial capital and main port .
The MQM , which is allied to Pakistan 's ruling Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) , is politically in control of Karachi .
Four armed men came to the back of the market on two bikes ... they only targeted Pashtun businesses
Azmatullah Khan
Karachi's Taleban threat
The party draws its strength from a mainly middle class electorate , made up of Urdu- speaking people , descendants of migrants from India after partition in 1947 .
Its detractors have often complained that it has used its political strength to bully and even kill opponents .
The MQM , however , strongly denies this allegations .
" Our job is to find solutions for neighbourhood problems at the local level , " says Farooq Sattar , a central government minister and senior MQM leader .
" We also inform the top leadership if there are matters here that are beyond our control . "
Of late these have been primarily to do with what the MQM has called the " Talebanisation " of Karachi .
It says that more and more people are migrating to Karachi from different parts of Pakistan , especially from the tribal areas .
" The Taleban do n't want to be concentrated in the northern areas and are looking for other options , " says Dr Sattar .
De facto rulers Urban experts agree , pointing out that there has also been a substantial rise in migrants into Karachi from the North West Frontier Province 's Pashtun community .
Tension is rising in Karachi
It is perhaps this fact which is most galling for the MQM , which stormed into control of Karachi following ethnic riots which began in the mid-1980s .
At that time , disagreements over the identity question led to clashes between the Urdu-speaking and Pashtun - speaking communities .
The MQM rose to power on the back of these riots which left hundreds of people dead and established the party 's position in Karachi .
But critics have accused the party of using the " ethnic card " to keep control over Karachi .
Ethnicity remains a touchy topic in the metropolis and since 2007 there have been rumblings of a return to the problems of before .
In November , more than 40 people were killed in two days of ethnic - related killings .
" Riots and violence did take place between 1985 and 1988 , but our leaders met and reached a conclusive peace accord , " says Aminullah Khattak , secretary general of the Sindh chapter of the mostly Pashtun Awami National Party ( ANP ) .
" We wanted to end it , and it did end at that time . "
' Menial activities '
But Mr Khattak now says that the issue has once again reared its head , this times he feels because of economic factors .
The MQM says that Karachi is at risk of ' Talebanisation '
" The thing that has started it again is that the Pashtuns living over here have progressed economically , " he says .
" Some people believe that they will remain watchmen or labourers , or remain engaged in menial economic activities all their lives .
" But they 've become well educated , they 've progressed economically , they want to get better jobs . "
The ANP argues that " Talebanisation " is not a problem in Karachi , but just a ruse for a movement against upwardly - mobile Pashtuns .
Evidence of that movement is all too clear to Azmatullah Khan , a pharmacy student , as he stands on the ruins of his family business which was burnt to the ground in December .
" Four armed men came to the back of the market on two bikes , " he says .
" They threw some kind of chemicals ... and started a fire which spread if water was thrown on it .
" You can see yourselves , they only targeted Pashtun businesses , " he says while bitterly pointing to nearby timber shops which remain intact and open .
" If you look at the situation in Karachi now , it is the Pashtun community which is facing the brunt of the problems , " says Ismail Khan , a member of the ANP provincial executive committee .
" Pashtun areas are the least developed in terms of basic amenities , as well as facilities such as hospitals and schools .
" In addition , Pashtuns are said to be the root of all troubles . "
' Taleban ideas ' Ismail Khan believes that the MQM is behind this , and its principal motive is to get Pashtuns to give up the land they hold in Karachi .
There has been a substantial rise in migrant numbers " We are the only threat to their power , and that is why they have used the spectre of Talebanisation . "
But Mohammad Rafiq and many others believe that it is the realities on the ground which have forced the MQM to move matters .
" We had no problems with the Pashtun community which has been settled here for a long time , " he says .
" But we do have a problem with those who are extremists and have come here to spread Taleban ideas . "
There seems little outward signs that the fundamentalist movement is taking over this most cosmopolitan of cities .
Karachi's problems remain largely ethnic despite claims by the MQM .
Pakistan 's current debilitating security scenario however means that this is no less of a threat .
" Karachi remains Pakistan 's jugular vein and its microcosm , " says Aminullah Khattak .
" Any descent into violence here could cripple the country economically , and have grave consequences for national unity . "
Watch Barbara Plett 's film from Karachi on Newsnight on Thursday 12 February 2009 at 2230 GMT on BBC2 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a post yesterday , some readers bandied about the idea of developing some reasonably thought out proposals for “ nationalization ” or “ receivership ” or “ pre-privatization ” , possibly on an open source model of some sort .
( Aside : those who know how Linux was developed know that it was n’t free form ; Linus Torvalds exercised control , one might think of it as final edit , and he also delegated areas of supervision to key lieutenants .
That was obviously a much bigger task than this would be , but I just wanted to give readers a head ’s up that there needs to be someone , maybe several someones , in charge if we collectively take this to the next step ) .
That ’s a long - winded way of saying this is an idea I ’d like to pursue , and per my earlier post , I do n’t see Team Obama moving in this direction soon ( as I said , it would be much better were I proven wrong ) .
But to make the most of it , some preliminary discussion would be useful .
One of the things about group problem solving is that people tend to want to drive for solutions before they have all the relevant data at hand .
And studies have shown that putting proposals on the table , even at a supposedly early stage in the process ( i.e. , while fact gathering is being done ) winds up cutting down on idea generation ( the problem here , of course , is there are already options on the table , but I ’d like to focus upstream as much as possible ) .
The better way to go about it is to segregate problem definition / examination of possibly relevant facts from option generation / assessment .
So I ’d like to push further on flushing out possible complicating issues .
I also want to address the knee jerk reaction I get from some readers when the word “ nationalization ” comes up , particularly from those readers who say they ’d prefer a form of receivership .
Folks , this is a nomenclature issue .
Let me turn the mike over to reader Steve , who worked for the FDIC :
Americans are funny .
` Nationalization ’ immediately evokes Soviet commissars and bearded guys yelling in Spanish — the unjust taking of successful businesses by brutes and bullies .
If someone does think of the companies that failed into government ownership in Europe , well , those pinko wussies ran them into the ground in the first place and would n’t let Real Men come in and run them , and I hope they ’ve learned their lesson .
But if you say that when Dopey Bank & Trust failed its assets were nationalized , the response is , oh please , that does n’t happen in America .
Everybody knows that deposit insurance comes from the tooth fairy .
Ultimately , the taxpayer is on the hook for deposit insurance , so while FDIC is technically a government corporation rather than a government agency , it ’s still nationalization .
The failed bank ’s assets are removed from the private sector and returned to it over time .
Even in an immediate sale , FDIC often retains a loss position ; and while the asset sale is technically a receiver ’s sale , the deposit insurance is paid by FDIC in its corporate capacity , with a due - from receiver to cover the insurance outlay .
Under FDICIA , the nationalization aspect is even more pronounced than in the past : FDIC used to share pari passu with all general creditors of the failed bank , now it has absolutely priority as a creditor until it is made whole for the deposit insurance paid and the costs of paying it .
Bair has bent this priority quite a bit by paying advanced dividends to excess depositors even when it clear that FDIC will incur a substantial loss on coverage of deposits under the legal limit .
So if you are OK with the FDIC ( actually , technically , he chartering authority , namely the OCC , OTS , or state closes the bank , the FDIC is the receiver ) taking over dud banks ) , you are OK with nationalization .
What we then need to figure out is what form it would be best to take for big banks , since the normal FDIC process ( as discussed in our earlier post ) does n’t fit the mega banks too well .
And to clarify : I am not a fan of nationalization or otherwise taking financial firms out and shooting them per se , but the alternative of having them have in effect an open funding source from taxpayers is worse .
As Steve Waldman put it :
Zombie banks beg for money .
They are very clever .
They come up with ways you can give them money while pretending not to give them money , such as guaranteeing their assets , guaranteeing new debt issues , or buying up assets at “ hold to maturity ” values .
Just say no !
A healthy financial system cannot be run by zombies .
“ Rescuing ” insolvent banks makes about as much sense as tying string to the arms of a loved one ’s corpse so it can come to the dinner table as a marionette .
For a while that may be comforting ( or not ) , but pretty soon it ’s sure to smell really bad , and it ’s gonna ooze .
If you think you have engineered a miraculous turnaround , you have only made matters worse .
An undead bank is an abomination .
It will pretend good health but hide a rot .
It will afflict you , over and over and over again , with harrowing near insolvencies ( cf Citibank ) .
Dead banks must be allowed to die .
The big problem is the bad incentives .
The taxpayer has been putting money in at well below rates the private sector would require , and worse , management and stockholders get the upside .
That means they still have reason to take risk since Joe Public will eat any mistakes .
And if you think this wo n’t happen , some believe that the reason Merrill ’s results deteriorated badly in the fourth quarter was due to trader bets gone bad .
Any private investor who had put as much as the government has put into faltering banks would have far more supervision ( board seats , probably regular operational reports ) and would also have replaced the CEO , with an understanding that he could clean house if he saw fit .
Getting a new CEO in is usually standard operating procedure with distressed organizations , but the Treasury and Fed are writing checks and failing to make inquiries .
Look at the contrast with the treatment of GM and Chrysler , which are being asked plenty of tough questions and are required to submit turnaround plans that could be rejected or be revised under duress .
Now to some of the problems with nationalization :.
I ’d like readers to help start an “ problems to be addressed ” list .
One set came up in the prior post : the really big banks , Citi and BofA in particular , have large capital markets operations .
There is n’t an obvious way to put the trading operations into receivership .
The notion of a normal Chapter 11 is creditors are kept at bay , for biggies there is DIP financing to pay for routine expenses ( beyond what revenues might cover ) while the bankruptcy is on .
But trading firms live on credit .
The DIP model wo n’t work here .
What remedies or alternatives might there be ?
Could the trading ops be segregated with a government backstop to be kept going , and the other non-trading capital markets businesses ( prime brokerage , asset management , prop trading , etc ) be put into receivership ?
What are the issues here , regulatory and practical ?
( This is one reason why Willem Buiter ’s “ good bank ” model does not seem applicable to these firms , unless you want to see the investment banking rump of Citi and the former Merrilll go into a Lehman style collapse ) .
Bonds are risk capital , and it would seem better to take out bondholders before having taxpayers pony up .
But that is treated a as third rail issue .
What are the potential complications that need to be thought through here ?
There are also many regulators involved here .
The SEC regulates broker dealers and asset managers ; the CFTC , any commodity trading ; BofA and Citi are subject to foreign regulation of both their banking and securities operations .
I do n’t know to what extent these are mere complications ( one could assume they ’d largely accede to a reasonable plan from the Treasury / Fed , particularly if the alternatives looked worse , but there could be some sticky issues , like worries that foreign depositors would be shafted , as Icelandic banks did in their meltdown ) .
However , the really bad stuff is OTC debt and derivatives , which are largely unsupervised .
Anyone who has any insight here is encouraged to speak up .
Please feel free to address these issues and flag others in comments .
If nothing else , this should be instructive for all .
Thanks !
Apple has just sent out invitations to a special media event on March 17 .
The invite - only event is geared towards the new iPhone SDK , Apple says , and will give the media a " sneak peek " at the iPhone OS 3.0 software .
The event will apparently be an intimate one , as it will take place at Apple 's Town Hall building in Cupertino at 10 am Pacific Time .
The invite comes just weeks after rumors first broke out about a possible event taking place on March 24 .
When it first hit the grapevine , people speculated that the March special event would be all about new Macs , but Apple released updates to the Mac mini , Mac Pro , and iMac soon thereafter .
This left us all wondering what , exactly , a special media event would be about , but iPhone 3.0 sounds good to us .
As always , you can count on Ars to cover the event live .
Get your speculation started !
Another down day ... and that means another link to the four Grizzly Bears ( not including foreign markets and the Naz )
DOW off 1.2 %
S&P 500 off 1.0 % , off 56.8 % from the high , lowest since Sept 12 , 1996 .
NASDAQ off 1.9 %
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph is from Doug Short of dshort.com ( financial planner ) : " Four Bad Bears " .
This is the 2nd worst S&P 500 / DOW bear market in the U.S. in 100 years .
At this point - 17 months into the bear market - this is the worst ever ( lower than the Great Depression bear after 17 months ) .
Note that the Great Depression crash is based on the DOW ; the three others are for the S&P 500 .
The low in 1996 was 598.48 .
Another 78 points or so to get back to 1995 prices .
If you strolled down the Southbank in London on Friday , you may have noticed pieces of brightly coloured knitting tied to various objects , or perhaps your bike lock was covered with wool .
Welcome to guerrilla knitting .
This is graffiti , but with yarn .
It 's nothing new - people have been doing it for years , all over the world - but Friday 's session was special .
It was the first time that Magda Sayeg , one of the craft world 's most revered guerrilla knitters , ' tagged ' London .
The 35 - year - old from Texas is the founder of Knitta Please , one of the first guerrilla knitting crews .
Sayeg started out decorating her local area with leftover pieces of knitting from unfinished projects .
She soon got more ambitious , travelling around the world and leaving bits of thread behind : she counts the Great Wall of China , a handful of Paris landmarks and the Welcome to Manhattan sign on the Brooklyn Bridge among her greatest conquests .
What 's the point , though ?
" It 's about making people smile and bringing art out of the galleries so everyone can appreciate it " , she says .
" I love it when a postman , who has driven past the same stop sign every day , suddenly sees it tagged with knitting and emails me to say how awesome it is . "
Magda Sayeg in action
But back to Friday 's antics .
Magda was in town to talk about her latest project , a crochet - covered bus in Mexico , on the Richard and Judy show .
She fancied some impromptu guerrilla knitting , also known as ' yarn bombing ' , and I was happy to oblige - as were a handful of ladies , aged from 24 to 64 , from the Stitch and Bitch London knitting group .
Logistically it was n't like Magda 's typical outings , where potential targets are identified and measured first , and cosies are knitted to fit later at home .
Instead , we brought bits of knitting we had going spare and clicked away furiously for an hour before tagging commenced .
The railing by the skate park was the first victim , much to the amusement of the teenage onlookers .
Statues , lampposts and bollards were next , with each swatch either stitched in place or secured with zip ties .
Tourists took photos and asked questions , and when we left I spotted one woman scouring the plaque underneath a statue , trying to work out why it was sporting a pink leg warmer .
How long the knitting will stay on the Southbank is unknown .
Magda reckons that some of her work is still intact after years , while others have been taken down by people who wo n't tolerate even fluffy vandalism .
One piece even turned up on eBay .
" They sold it for $ 14 " , she explains .
" I do n't mind , but it was definitely worth more than that . "
Useful links
Find out more about guerilla knitting and crochet on these great websites , blogs and picture - sharing groups .
Knitta Please
Stitch and Bitch London
Knitted landscape
Knitwit
Knit sea
Knittups
Outdoor knit
Stikkontakt
Flickr
Yarnbombing
news Checking
In with the Hotel on Queen
Hotel on Queen under construction .
Photo by Brenda Petroff / Torontoist .
The Queen Street West Heritage Conservation District came into force back in September 2007 , preserving a 1.5 kilometre stretch of Queen Street between University Avenue and Bathurst Street .
According to a study conducted for the City ’s Heritage Preservation Services , the proposal was not intended to restrict development , rather to ensure that any future changes would complement the overall historic character of the area , “ which results in part from a continuous street wall , defined by the cumulative character of building scale , mass , height , and proportion . ”
The heritage designation requires property owners wanting to demolish buildings or structures or making major changes to the exterior to apply to the city for a permit .
Now , almost three years after the guidelines were originally proposed , a few underused sites in the designated area are starting to undergo redevelopment and revitalization .
Construction is well underway on a tiny south - side lot , near Beverley .
A large sign reads “ HQ ” but reveals little else of the burgeoning , sophisticated design hotel - to - be behind .
The sign obscures the progress of what will soon be a small , luxury hotel featuring a fresh market restaurant and dining room , and a rooftop patio that will be open to the public for five months of the year .
HQ Queen Street facade .
Night Rendering .
Courtesy of MadHouse Advertising Inc .
HQ ( Hotel on Queen ) is the first new project designed in accordance with the district ’s rigid guidelines governing new buildings .
A vision of old - meets - new design in a strip of Queen that has been begging for a facelift , the nineteen - roomed sleek hotel prides itself on providing for a new breed of customer , marketing its spacious suites to “ people looking for an elegant European boutique experience . ”
Forum Architects Corporation , the lead architect on the project , was given the challenging task of producing the kind of architecture Torontonians typically appreciate : contemporary , yet contextually sensitive .
For example , the two largest suites will be at the front of the building and will feature expansive , floor - to ceiling windows , showcasing private hotel activity to passers - by .
In accordance with the guidelines , however , transparency is restricted to three - quarters of the façade on all levels above the ground floor , all windows are “ vertically oriented , ” meaning the vertical dimension is greater than that of the horizontal , and all window openings are symmetrical .
In another façade compliance , HQ exhibits the required high quality building materials such as red brick , limestone , and slate .
In 2006 , longtime residents and property owners on the street signed a petition to try to stop the heritage designation , which they believed would hurt property values by limiting potential development .
Since that time , the situation has dramatically shifted as a result of last February ’s block - destroying fire and an unprecedented economic collapse .
Still , having the heritage designation in place significantly slows down the development process ; Queen Street West residents , for instance , recently appealed to Adam Vaughan , saying that the
illuminated sign on top of HQ does not fit with the new guidelines .
After HQ ’s scheduled opening in July , focus will turn to the three adjacent , desolate lots , currently owned by Guess ?
Inc .
The proposal for a three - storey Guess ? / Marciano store was brought to the Committee of Adjustment on February 4 , 2009 .
TERRY McDonell , group ed itor of Sports Illustrated , may have a big headache on his hands as he gets ready to publish SI ’s swimsuit issue , his biggest issue of the year , next week .
That ’s because unless things change dramatically , copies of the popular issue wo n’t go on sale in more than 3,000 Wal - Mart stores as a result of an ongoing battle between magazine publishers and wholesalers .
The Wal - Mart stores , along with grocery - store chains Kroger and Safeway , are getting caught in the crossfire over two wholesalers ’ demand that publishers pay a 7 - cent per copy surcharge for delivery of their magazines to retailers .
“ It ’s a nightmare , an absolute nightmare , ” said one industry executive .
Ron Burkle ‘s Source Interlink Cos. and Charles Anderson‘s Anderson
News three weeks ago informed publishers that they wanted the surcharge to help shore up a business both firms say is a money loser .
Three publishers – Time Inc. , Bauer Publications , and American Media – told them to take a hike .
In the latest twist of this ongoing story , Source Interlink says it has rescinded the surcharge , and now claims the publishers are colluding in refusing to ship their copies to Source Interlink and Anderson News , which control about 50 percent of national retail sales .
“ They characterized this as a dispute over 7 cents , but they really used that as a cover to roll out their scheme , ” claimed Source Interlink CEO Greg Mays in a letter to retailers .
The stalemate effectively locks out People , the National Enquirer , Star , In Touch and Life & Style from thousands of stores that were expecting to make issues available for sale today .
Only OK ! and Us Weekly are among the celebrity weeklies that will reach retailers because they are distributed by Comag , a wholesaler owned by Hearst and Condé Nast , that continues to ship issues .
Industry sources said that Wal - Mart yesterday was talking with publishers and distributors , trying to get them to ship copies .
The retail giant is officially standing behind Source Interlink and Anderson News , which ship magazines to about 700 and 2,300 stores , respectively .
But sources say Wal - Mart also does n’t want to be without items that customers want , and while magazines account for only a tiny fraction of Wal - Mart sales , they are a high - margin item for the company .
Cuts
The Wall Street Journal yesterday announced it was cutting 14 jobs .
“ Over the past couple of months , teams have been reorganized at The Wall Street Journal and we have lost 11 journalists through attrition , ” said Editor - in - Chief Robert Thomson in an e-mail to staff .
“ Unfortunately , it has been necessary today to restructure several other teams at the cost of an additional 14 positions .
“ The number , while regret table , has been kept to a min imum because department heads have been vigilant in controlling costs and in maximizing our use of existing resources , ” he wrote .
News Corp. owns The Journal and The Post .
As part of the cuts , The Journal will close its New York - based fashion and retail group , though it stressed it would continue to cover that beat .
Bureaus in Los Angeles and Boston each will lose a position , as will the legal news , health and real - estate groups .
Muscle
Condé
Nast is trying to give new muscle to its recently created Condé Nast Digital unit by dispatching Drew Schutte , the current publisher of The New Yorker , to the division as a chief revenue officer and a senior vice president .
Schutte moved to the job piloting ad sales on The New Yorker only in January 2008 , back when S.I.
Newhouse timed his January surprises for early January .
This year , he changed it up and tossed out one surprise in late January – the folding of Domino magazine – and another in early February – the news about Schutte .
Lisa Hughes , the long - time publisher of Condé Nast Traveler , and a one - time protégé of Ron Galotti when she began her career at Vanity Fair , is moving to The New Yorker as Schutte ’s replacement .
Schutte had been publisher of Wired when it returned to advertising health , but sources said he was never completely comfortable in the top ad - sales job at The New Yorker , a job made even more difficult because the entire weekly category has been imploding .
Condé Nast officials strenuously deny that The New Yorker ’s 27 percent decline in ad pages last year has forced the title back into the red .
Nevertheless , the title ’s early - season woes this year clearly make an unprofitable New Yorker a very real and worrisome topic at the company .
In the past , new media was seen as primarily an add - on sweetener to get print advertisers ; it has never been a standalone profit center for Condé Nast .
However , Condé Nast CEO Charles
Townsend is now trying to change that , and must break down internal resistance to embracing the Web .
The company had intended to make an announcement about the changes on Monday , after Schutte returned from the tech - heavy TED conference .
But Townsend was forced to confirm the news in an announcement that went out around 2:32 p.m. yesterday , shortly after The Post broke the news on its Web site at 1:04 p.m .
Of course , that meant that Townsend did n’t yet have a replacement publisher of Condé Nast Traveler lined up .
That position is expected to go to a Condé Nast insider in the next few days .
Sommer ’s end
New York Observer Media President Bob Sommer has resigned from Jared Kushner ‘s salmon - colored weekly to join the holding company that owns the New Jersey Devils and their Newark arena .
Christopher Barnes , a co-founder of the free daily AM New York , will replace Sommer .
Sommer ran his own p.r. agency before being tapped to join Kushner two years ago to run the weekly newspaper that Kushner bought from Arthur Carter in the summer of 2006 .
Kushner , the Observer ’s publisher and owner , said that Sommer “ has been invaluable in helping us to grow our revenue over the past two years , but I think Christopher is gong to take us to the next level . ”
Kushner , the scion of the Kushner Cos. real - estate empire that owns 666 Fifth Avenue , said he has no intention of abandoning the media business .
“ We ’re in this for the long haul , ” he said .
Kushner said he ex pected his company , which recently shut down a string of mon ey- losing political Web sites , to be in better financial shape in 2009 than it was in 2008 , though he is n’t expecting to be in the black for another few years .
“ We ’re going to get closer to profitability this year than we were last year , ” he said .
The search
A week after the big shake - up at the US version of OK !
magazine , Richard Desmond , the CEO of magazine owner Northern +
Shell , decided not to come to New York this week and instead will stay in London and send his top editorial honcho Paul Ashford to find a replacement editor for the money - losing magazine .
The cigar - chomping Desmond last week bounced Editor - in - Chief Susan Toepfer and General Manager Kent Brownridge .
The magazine , which was bleeding red ink before Brownridge arrived last September , posted even steeper losses as newsstand sales slumped across the celebrity category in the fourth quarter .
Vincent Ohanyan , the magazine ’s chief financial officer , has now added Brownridge ’s old job as general manager to his job description .
Sarah Ivens , who left OK !
shortly before Brownridge arrived , was recalled to serve as acting editor until a replacement is named .
And sources say that could be a long process .
Desmond and Ashford are “ having a very hard time finding a replacement , ” said one person .
Two obvious candidates , Rich ard Spencer at In Touch , and Dan Wakeford , Spencer ’s former deputy who now runs Life & Style , both have six - month non- compete agreements in their contracts with Bauer Publications , which owns both titles .
Sources said Ashford has tried reaching out to top editors at People who rank below Managing Editor Larry Hackett , but no one has bothered to return his call .
Ivens , for her part , is said to not be interested in returning to the fold .
keith.kelly@nypost.com
By Dan Whitworth
Newsbeat technology reporter
Skcin organised the campaign to warn of the dangers of sunbathing
A website offering the chance to get a tan from computer screens has been revealed as a hoax .
The webpage said users could download software which would enable screens to convert the light system in monitors to produce UV rays .
The professional - looking site promised a " Tan- tastic " year - round appearance .
It was organised by the skin cancer charity Skcin to help raise awareness of the dangers of sun beds and skin cancer rates in general in the UK .
It 's attracted almost 200,000 people keen to check out the offer of a free tan courtesy of their computer screens .
' Serious issue '
But people who signed up expecting to top up their tans were instead confronted with a number of alarming facts and figures about the dangers of skin cancer .
A spokesperson for the charity said : " This is an astonishing response and has undoubtedly helped raise awareness of the dangers of skin cancer in this country . "
It is the most common form of cancer in young adults , and is largely preventable .
BDSM
Dom
BDSM
Click
for your version of An Owned Life .
The fear of failure is a natural tendency of all human people .
This is not something that is monopolized by those in the BDSM world .
When people are new to anything , they usually question their ability to succeed in that endeavor .
Questioning is a commonality that the human condition is afflicted with .
How does this relate to ?
Simple .
I see so many people question whether this is something for them .
To me , this is a worthwhile exercise to go through .
I believe all need to search within to determine if this is truly what is desired .
There are so many different emotions and changes that it is practical to ungo this ritual .
Nevertheless , I see too many people fall victim to the fear of failure .
They are worried about not being enough while making mistakes .
It is sad to see because nobody is perfect .
Everyone will fail periodically .
This is equally true for Doms as well as subs .
Mistakes are a part of life and how we often learn .
Used properly , they can be wonderful experiences in the long run .
This mindset tends to be more commonplace for subs ( for obvious reasons ) .
For whatever reason , they feel they need to be perfect for their Doms .
To me , this is adding a layer of pressure which is not warranted .
There is enough to deal with whenever anyone makes a change in lifestyle without complicating things .
To start , everyone is different .
I say this to put all subs at ease .
As you all know , I am poly .
That means I am involved with different subs simultaneously .
I can tell you each is an individual and gets dealt with on that level .
No two are the same .
Each came to me with different backgrounds , experiences with pillows and paddles ( inside joke ) , likes / dislikes , and knowledge about the lifestyle .
I am a believer that there is no " one size fits all " methodology .
We are dealing with people .
That makes this an art more than a science .
Part of my responsibility to all those I deal with is to train them in the way that I like things to be done .
Like subs , eachis different .
It is unfair for anyone to expect a new sub to know how to interact with a new Dom .
It is His responsibility to teach her .
And , a Dom needs to have the expectation that a sub will make mistakes .
It is part of the process .
The important factor is that she learns .
Of course , the depth of the relationship is critical in determining how the interaction occurs .
Obviously , if two are together only for a scene , there is less likelihood the sub will make a mistake ( there is still a great chance of error on the part of the Dom ) .
If , on the other hand , the two are involved in a relationship of some sort , then there is the ability to disappoint through mistakes .
Yet , expecting perfection on the part of either person is unfair and totally unrealistic .
Theworld is different in many ways .
However , there are some basic interpersonal skills which equally apply to this way of life as any other .
If someone has unrealistic demands / expectations , then there can be difficulty in the relationship .
Just because there is an exchange of power unlike any other lifestyle , that does not mean that people stop being human .
Allow people the latitude to be who they are .
It will lead to a happier experience for both of you .
Sigh .
I should be surprised by stuff like this , but the most damning thing about it is that I 'm not surprised .
Only 53 % of adult Americans know it takes the Earth a year to go around the Sun .
The reason it's not surprising to me is that that 's how many Americans could n't ask Oprah or Dr. Phil about it first .
This is the result of a survey done by the California Academy of Sciences .
The other results are n't a whole lot more encouraging .
What slays me is that the vast majority of Americans think that science is important to their lives :
Despite this lack of knowledge , U.S. adults do believe that scientific research and education are important .
About 4 in 5 adults think science education is " absolutely essential " or " very important " to the U.S. healthcare system ( 86 % ) , the U.S. global reputation ( 79 % ) , and the U.S. economy ( 77 % ) .
I guess that 's a start ; at least people know it 's important .
The thing is , they do n't act like it !
Just knowing science is critical hardly matters if people do n't a ) understand it , and b ) vote about it .
And it 's not like this is new .
I have a book called Worlds Apart ( available as a free PDF from The First Amendment Center , and well worth reading if you 're as concerned about this as I am ) , loaded with studies that have pretty much the same results as this recent survey , except this book came out more than ten years ago .
Nothing has changed , really , and I suspect nothing will for a long time .
The system is broken , we 're not teaching our kids good science , and how to fix it is a mystery .
I think a lot of what we 're doing is right -- science is exciting , and a lot of outreach does a good job of showing that -- but somewhere in our educational system the ball is being dropped .
People have devoted their careers to studying this , and I wonder how much closer we are to a solution .
I honestly do n't know .
I do n't mean to be bleak or anything here , but I know there are no quick solutions .
But I 'm not even sure we have a slow one .
Obama has talked about overhauling the educational system , but I 'll believe that when I see it .
The last overhaul -- No Child Left Behind -- is an unmitigated disaster , which was no surprise to those of us in the education field when it passed .
I 'd love to see that torn down first , but what to build in its place ?
I wonder if there are people out there with the right ideas , something that we can implement to mitigate this .
I suppose that 's a rhetorical question , but with surveys like this showing we 're not getting any better , it 's an increasingly important one .
Advertisements
The president of the Family Research Council , Tony Perkins gave an interview to US News and World Report where he praises President Obama for reaching out to social conservatives while he also discussed the fracture between social conservatives and the Republican Party .
Perkins talked about Obama ’s reaching out to social conservatives through faith based initiatives as a positive development , “ I ’m not saying I ’m taking everything at face value , but the Obama administration is trying to have a conversation about faith - based initiatives .
It ’s evidence that they see a need to reach social conservatives .
Whether they do it is another question , but it ’s a positive development .
It ’s quite clear that the Republicans in the last few years have tried to move away from those issues and deemphasize those issues .
You saw it in the presidential election , with more emphasis on religion and its role in the public square more from the Democratic Party than from the Republicans .
I ’m not saying it ’s genuine from the Democrats .
It ’s yet to be seen .
Obama has overturned the Mexico City Policy , a clearly pro-abortion move .
But the Republicans ca n’t just assume that because social conservatives are not supportive of Democrats means they ’ll support Republicans . ”
Perkins said that the relationship between the GOP and social conservatives soured due to Republicans campaigning on protecting marriage in 2004 , and then dropping the issue after the election ,
It is something that happened after 2004 , when there was a great emphasis by the Republicans and the president on the need to protect marriage .
It was used to secure a second term for President Bush and to expand Republican control of Congress .
And after the election , the issue was basically dropped .
That , combined with corruption that distracted the Republican Party , Mark Foley — it all added up to where people began to scratch their heads and say , “ This is not the party that is really reflecting our values . ”
Advertisements
The Republican Party has been using social conservatives for year .
Republicans have always promised the moon and stars to evangelicals and social conservatives during election season , but they always drop the issues after the election .
The reason why is simple politics .
Social conservatives are motivated by deep moral concerns .
If the Republican Party , would have addressed these issues when they controlled the levers of power , maybe social conservatives would have lost their motivation to work for Republican candidates .
The GOP has played on their fears and exploited them .
This being said , I would n’t count on Obama being able to make serious inroads with them .
I think that Obama as a sincere , church going family man , appeals to them , but there are too many political differences for social conservatives to support him .
The big news here is that one of the leaders of the evangelical movement is talking about the Republicans betrayal of their values .
Perkins is also skeptical of new RNC Chair Michael Steel .
Social conservatives could soon be a people without a party .
I have thought for a long time that social conservatives should split off into their own political movement .
This seems like a direction that things could be going in .
Tony Perkins U.S. News and World Report Interview
Best Arcade Games & Retro Games
Arcade games are n't just something from the past .
In fact , thanks to the internet and new technology you can now enjoy a huge range of free games including retro arcade games , puzzle game , sports , free card games , and much more .
You can even enjoy arcade slot machines and casino arcade titles for real money if you prefer .
Players from the USA , UK , and Canada can go to https://15freespinsbonus.com/ and receive a bonus they can use on playing slots games for free .
This online casino offers a wide array of games , including arcade games .
On our site , you 'll find everything you need to know about free arcade games , sports arcade games , puzzle games , racing games , retro games , and more .
If you 're a fan of old - school titles like Space Invaders and Pac - Man , then you 'll love what we have for you .
You can play everything from pinball to sports simulation games and relive your youth without the need for quarters .
Enjoy some good , old - fashioned arcade fun today on your computer , smartphone , or tablet .
Types of Arcade Games
Retro Arcade Games :
You can play these classic games online and on your mobile .
Titles like Pac - Man , Tetris , Asteroids , Donkey Kong , Frogger , Galaga , and much more .
Arcade games have never looked better and you can see the full list in our retro arcade game category .
Shooting Games :
If you 're a fan of shoot 'em up arcade classics like Space Invaders or Centipede you can now play these online for free .
In this category , you 'll find the best shooting games from video arcades and consoles from years gone by .
You get to control the gun , spaceship , or whatever it is while dodging attacks .
Check out the full list of titles on our website .
Fighting Games :
Fancy some retro arcade fighting games , then this is the category for you .
We have some best free arcade games including Mortal Kombat , Street Fighter , and more .
Platform Games : Platform games were all the rage in video arcades and now you can play them online too .
In these games , you get to jump and run and collect things .
Think Super Mario or Sonic .
There are lots of great titles to choose from including Donkey Kong , Prince of Persia , Manic Miner , Bubble Bobble , and more .
Sports Arcade Games :
These retro style games are perfect for sports fans .
They include racing , football , tennis , and any other sport you can think of .
We 've got all the best titles from the 80's and 90's including Best League , Pong , OutDrive , and more .
Puzzle Arcade Games :
This category features hundreds of great puzzles that will have you addicted .
You can pick from lots of different types too .
There are funny puzzles , serious ones , strategy based games and more .
There are simple challenges and hard games to test your brain .
Puzzle types include jigsaws , sudoku , physics - based puzzles , and more .
You can also solve mysteries , match gems in Bejeweled , and prove your mental prowess .
There 's something for everyone in the puzzle arcade games section .
Casino Arcade Games :
In this category , you 'll find the best games to play for real money .
This includes arcade slot machines as well as card games .
Most of the best online casinos today have an arcade games section the casino arcade is the place to go for some serious fun with the potential to win real money .
In many cases , you can even play for free using demo versions of the game and with casino bonuses such as the no deposit or free spins offer you can play risk - free and win real money .
How great is that ?
Be sure to check out our casino arcade reviews and bonuses for more information on this .
What Are Arcade Games ?
Online arcade games are based on the games once found in classic arcades .
These games are usually 2D and simple to play .
Classic retro arcade game titles like Pac - Man and Space Invaders fall into this category .
There are lots of different types of arcade games you can play too .
Some are fighting games , some focus on dodging obstacles , and other focus on scoring points .
It does n't matter what type of game you are looking for , you 'll find arcade games online to suit all tastes .
Best of all , there are free arcade games too so you can try as many as you like .
Best Retro Arcade Games
There are hundreds of titles to choose from and below we have listed some of our favourites :
Double Dragon :
Help fight hundreds of nasty gangsters in this timeless arcade game classic .
Street Fighter 2 : For a more one on one approach to fighting this game is a must .
Wrassling :
This is a wrestling game .
Super Mario Crossover : Great for players who enjoyed the original Super Mario Bros game and want to try playing as a different character like Samus , or Mega Man .
Koopa 's Revenge 2 : Play Super Mario from the enemies viewpoint in this arcade game .
Galactic Gems : A great match 3 puzzle arcade game .
Geometry Dash : A survival arcade game .
Fly with Rope 2 : Another simple one button survival game .
We have information on hundreds of great arcade games that you can play on PC and mobile .
Enjoy the action in your browser as well as find arcade game apps for Android and iOS mobile and tablets .
Play Retro Arcade Games Online
You can play all the best retro arcade game titles in your browser with no need to download anything .
This includes arcade games from consoles such as Nintendo NES & SNES , Sega Master System & Genesis , and many more .
Find out all you need to know on our site and whether you want free arcade games or casino arcades where you can play for real money we have you covered .
Boom : Apple netbook in Q3 -- that 's the rumor being spread by the Commercial Times / DigiTimes tag - team of electronics tattlers .
Apparently , Wintek will supply the touch - panels to Quanta computer who'll be tasked with assembling Apple 's netbook .
Take this one with a grain of salt though -- while these two Taiwan - based magazines tend to be accurate with insider info related to Taiwan - based companies like Acer and ASUS , they can often be wide of the mark with rumors related to foreign companies .
Unless of course we missed the launch of the Blu-ray Xbox 360 and G5 PowerBooks [ Image courtesy of Frunny
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
This test shows test of sturdiness of jet engine , and casings ability to prevent derbies from penetrating i...
This test shows test of sturdiness of jet engine , and casings ability to prevent derbies from penetrating it and damaging rest of airplane ...
Even if it does n't look like , this was successful test .
As the newspaper world continues to crumble around itself it is amazing to read that a major provider of news thinks that its salvation lies in returning everything behind a paywall .
Such is the case it would seem with the Associated Press whose CEO , Tom Curley , was quoted in a Business Week article as saying that this is something that has been talked about
“ Can I imagine content going behind a pay wall ? ” asks Tom Curley , the CEO of the Associated Press .
“ Absolutely .
And , yes , we are in conversations about that . ”
These conversations with other content players are informal , he admits .
As Jim Fine points out in the article though this idea does n’t account for a few roadblocks that already exist
And a gazillion issues arise .
One is that the Associated Press has a licensing agreement with Google ( GOOG ) , the particulars of which Curley would not detail , that wo n’t expire until December .
( A Google spokeswoman declined to comment . )
It ’s also unclear how this would work for a newspaper or a TV operation that does not want to wholly destroy existing traffic .
And this solution may not be one - size - fits - all : The Wall Street Journal gets away with charging ;
The New York Times might ; a less illustrious paper a tenth as big may not .
What the AP and everyone else advocating a return to paywalls is as I said before here – news is free , it ’s the packaging that is n’t .
Until all these antiquated news empires grasp the fundamental fact that they need to make what they do a value added service that people are willing to pay for then they can erect all the paywalls they want – and go broke in the process .
Five dolphins are trapped behind a block of drifting ice near Newfoundland .
The animals have been stuck within the mass for five days and are believed to be in danger .
Dolphins Stuck In Ice
The 8 - foot dolphins have been swimming in circles in the small area near the town of Seal Cove .
They ’re said to be just about 100 feet from the shore .
Seal Cove ’s mayor says the entire bay is frozen , and the dolphins have no way of getting out .
“ They keep going round circles , trying to keep this little pool of water open so that they can have their breathing area , ” he tells the Associated Press .
“ You can hear [ them ] crying all night long , ” he says .
Experts suspect the dolphins went into the harbor area to find fish .
A storm , it is believed , likely blew the ice in and trapped them while they were feeding .
Dolphins Trapped : A Call for Rescue
The mayor has called upon Canada ’s Fisheries Department to send crews in to break up the ice and set the dolphins free .
The concern is that as more ice forms , the areas in which the dolphins can reach the surface for oxygen will continue to become smaller .
Eventually , if not helped , they could drown .
The mayor says the Fisheries Department has told him “ no boats were available , ” the AP reports .
Dolphins Stuck In Ice : Video
The following report from the CBC shows video of the dolphins trapped in ice , along with some expert insight into the situation and how it could be resolved .
Alistair Darling has already spent almost a fifth of Britain 's GDP on bailing out its shattered banking system – more than any other major economy , according to a grave assessment of the world financial crisis published today by the International Monetary Fund .
With G20 finance ministers due to gather in Sussex next Friday for a two - day meeting before the London summit in April , the IMF has totted up the costs of financial bailouts so far .
It calculates that the UK has spent as much as 19.8 % of its GDP , topping the table of G20 countries .
The US , where the investment bank Bear Stearns and the insurer AIG have both been rescued with public finds , has spent just 6.8 % of its GDP .
Only Norway has come close to the UK , spending 13.8 % .
Opposition politicians leapt on the figures as evidence of the economic damage inflicted by the credit crunch .
Philip Hammond , the shadow chief secretary to the Treasury , said : " This is a stark illustration of the true cost of Labour 's Age of Irresponsibility .
Thanks to the failings of the banking regulatory framework that Gordon Brown put in place , we have spent more than twice as much on bailing out the banking system as the United States – and taxpayers are on the hook for billions of pounds as a result . "
Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman , said : " This is a direct consequence of playing host to international banks .
Britain is in an extremely exposed position .
These are global banks , but they 're not being rescued by the globe . "
He argued that instead of focusing on international action on bonuses at the G20 summit , Gordon Brown should be pushing for a forced separation between risky investment banking , and the staid deposit - taking institutions that are essential to the economy .
" We have to separate deposits from the very risky global casino . "
A Treasury spokesman said : " The UK is leading the world in taking action to clean up banks ' balance sheets and provide them with greater confidence to increase lending in the economy .
As the chancellor has said , the alternative is a failure of the banking system , here and elsewhere , which will make the recession longer and more painful , putting more jobs at risk . "
He added that the final cost might be lower if the value of assets owned by the part - nationalised banks bounced back .
In a series of discussion papers , the IMF draws an alarming picture of the trail of policy mistakes and complacency that led to the credit crunch , saying : " At the root of market failure was optimism bred by a long period of high growth , low real interest rates and volatility . "
The crucial lesson world leaders must now learn , it says , is that , " flawed incentives and interconnections in modern financial systems can have huge macro- economic consequences " .
It calls for more coherent regulation of financial products , including non-bank institutions such as hedge funds ; and better co-ordination between international organisations at the heart of the financial system , including the IMF itself .
Its calculations date from 18 February , before the United States ' latest bailout for Citigroup and the Treasury 's asset - protection scheme for the Royal Bank of Scotland .
Since the late 1960s , Gallup has periodically asked Americans whether the use of marijuana should be made legal in the United States .
Although a majority of Americans have consistently opposed the idea of legalizing marijuana , public support has slowly increased over the years .
In 1969 , just 12 % of Americans supported making marijuana legal , but by 1977 , roughly one in four endorsed it .
Support edged up to 31 % in 2000 , and now , about a third of Americans say marijuana should be legal .
Certain groups of Americans are more inclined than others to support the legalization of marijuana .
In order to better understand which groups of Americans are more inclined to support legalization , Gallup combined the results of three surveys , conducted in August 2001 , November 2003 , and October 2005 * .
Gender , Age Shapes Support for Legalization
Support for marijuana legalization varies greatest by gender and age .
Overall , younger Americans ( aged 18 to 29 ) are essentially divided , with 47 % saying marijuana should be legal and 50 % saying it should not be .
Support for legalization is much lower among adults aged 30 to 64 ( 35 % ) and those aged 65 and older ( 22 % ) .
Men ( 39 % ) are somewhat more likely than women ( 30 % ) to support the legalization of marijuana in the country .
When looking at the combined results by age and gender , the data show 44 % of men aged 18 to 49 support the legalization of marijuana .
This sentiment is lower among older men ( 33 % for men aged 50 and older ) and women of any age ( 34 % for women aged 18 to 49 and 27 % of women aged 50 and older ) .
Gallup found similar patterns in 1973 , a few years after it first started asking the question .
That year , men were also slightly more likely than women , by 18 % to 13 % , to support legalization .
A third of 18 - to 29 - year - olds ( 34 % ) agreed with legalizing marijuana , while no more than 11 % of adults aged 30 and older agreed .
And , about one in four men aged 18 to 49 ( 24 % ) supported legalization , compared with 7 % of men aged 50 and older , 18 % of women aged 18 to 49 , and 6 % of women aged 50 and older .
The data make it clear that despite the gender and age differences that still persist , all subgroups are more likely to support legalized marijuana today than three decades ago .
Westerners Divided in Views of Legalization
Americans residing in the western parts of the country are more likely than those living elsewhere to support the legalization of marijuana .
These differences perhaps result from the fact that six Western states have , in various ways , already legalized marijuana for medicinal use .
Overall , the data show that Westerners are divided about marijuana , with 47 % saying it should be legal and 49 % saying it should not be .
No more than a third of adults living in other parts of the country feel marijuana should be legal .
In 1973 , Gallup found that residents in the East and West were more likely to support marijuana legalization than those in the Midwest and South .
Roughly one in five Easterners ( 20 % ) and Westerners ( 22 % ) supported this idea , compared with 13 % of Midwesterners and 10 % of Southerners .
Church Attendance Related to Support
Only about one in six Americans who attend church or religious services weekly ( 17 % ) support the legalization of marijuana .
Support is higher among those who attend less frequently -- 30 % among those who attend almost weekly or monthly and 49 % among those who rarely or never go .
College - Educated Adults Give Slightly Higher Support for Legalization
Americans with some college education -- from those who have attended at least one college course to those who have postgraduate degrees -- are somewhat more likely than those without a college degree to say marijuana should be legal in the country .
Thirty - seven percent of adults with a college education support legalization , compared with 31 % of those with no college education .
The differences between these two groups were much more pronounced in 1973 .
At that time , 29 % of college - educated adults supported legalization , compared with just 11 % of those with no college .
Politics and Marijuana Legalization
Support for legalizing marijuana is much lower among Republicans than it is among Democrats or independents .
One in five Republicans ( 21 % ) say marijuana should be made legal in this country , while 37 % of Democrats and 44 % of independents share this view .
When Gallup asked this question in 1973 , independents ( 25 % ) were at least twice as likely as Democrats or Republicans to support this idea .
However , at the time , there were only slight differences in support between Democrats ( 13 % ) and Republicans ( 9 % ) .
The data also show differences by respondents ' self - described political ideology .
Twenty - two percent of conservatives feel marijuana should be made legal , compared with 36 % of moderates and a majority of liberals ( 54 % ) .
* Results are based on telephone interviews with 2,034 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Aug. 3 - 5 , 2001 , Nov. 10 - 12 , 2003 , and Oct. 21 - 23 , 2005 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Then there is the economics " Nobel " Prize .
Not a real Nobel , but a prize funded by the Bank of Sweden in honor of Alfred Nobel , with all the royal trappings of the Nobel .
That makes economics star players really attractive to universities .
When Edward Prescott of Arizona State won the Nobel he was paraded at half time at a football game .
There is nothing like a Nobel for luster and fund - raising .
Why did academic economics generate so much prestige ?
Sure , modern economics is technically demanding .
But so , for example , are theoretical physics and archeology , and physics and archeology professors are ( relatively ) dirt poor .
The technical demands helped limit the supply of economists .
But what drove demand was the unquenchable thirst for economists by banks , government agencies , and business schools - the Feds , the Treasury , the IMF , the World Bank , the ECB .
Economics had powerful insights to offer the world , insights worth a lot of treasure .
Economics was powerful voodoo .
Any major university or research institute wanted to arm itself with this potency .
The current recession has revealed the weaknesses in the structures of modern capitalism .
But it also revealed as useless the mathematical contortions of academic economics .
There is no totemic power .
This for two reasons :
(1) Almost no - one predicted the world wide downtown .
Academic economists were confident that episodes like the Great Depression had been confined to the dust bins of history .
There was indeed much recent debate about the sources of " The Great Moderation " in modern economies , the declining significance of business cycles .
Indeed as we have seen this year on the academic job market , macroeconomists had turned their considerable talents to a bizarre variety of rococo academic elaborations .
With nothing of importance to explain , why not turn to the mysteries of online dating , for example .
I myself was so confident of the consensus of the end of the business cycle that I persuaded by wife after the collapse of Lehman Brothers to invest all her retirement savings in the stock market , confident that the Fed would soon make things right and we could profit from the panic of a gullible public .
The line " Where is my money , idiot ? " is her's .
(2) The debate about the bank bailout , and the stimulus package , has all revolved around issues that are entirely at the level of Econ 1 .
What is the multiplier from government spending ?
Does government spending crowd out private spending ?
How quickly can you increase government spending ?
If you got a A in college in Econ 1 you are an expert in this debate : fully an equal of Summers and Geithner .
The bailout debate has also been conducted in terms that would be quite familiar to economists in the 1920s and 1930s .
There has essentially been no advance in our knowledge in 80 years .
There are many theories on the links between food and sex , but Japanese researchers have came up with a new finding - young people who skip breakfast tend to lose their virginity earlier .
In a study of 3,000 people , those who did not regularly eat breakfast when in their early teens said they lost their virginity at an average age of 17.5 , versus an overall average age of 19 for all Japanese .
For those who had a morning meal when they were younger , the average age of having the first sexual experience was 19.4 .
The study , backed by Japan 's health ministry , was aimed at finding ways to curb unwanted pregnancies .
It concluded that a stable home life discouraged early sex .
" Those unhappy with their parents - such as for not preparing breakfast - may tend to find a way to release their frustration by having sex , " said Kunio Kitamura , head of the Japan Family Planning Association who led the research .
If they 'd gone to the drive - in like they 'd planned , none of this would have happened .
But Leonard did n't like drive- ins when he did n't have a date , and he'd heard about Night Of The Living Dead , and he knew a nigger starred in it .
He did n't want to see no movie with a nigger star .
Niggers chopped cotton , fixed flats , and pimped nigger girls , but he'd never heard of one that killed zombies .
And he'd heard too that there was a white girl in the movie that let the nigger touch her , and that peeved him .
Any white gal that would let a nigger touch her must be the lowest trash in the world .
Probably from Hollywood , New York , or Waco , some god - forsaken place like that .
Now Steve McQueen would have been all right for zombie killing and girl handling .
He would have been the ticket .
But a nigger ?
No sir .
Boy , that Steve McQueen was one cool head .
Way he said stuff in them pictures was so good you could n't help but think someone had written it down for him .
He could sure think fast on his feet to come up with the things he said , and he had that real cool , mean look .
Leonard wished he could be Steve McQueen. or Paul Newman even .
Someone like that always knew what to say , and he figured they got plenty of bush too .
Certainly they did n't get as bored as he did .
He was so bored he felt as if he were going to die from it before the night was out .
Bored , bored , bored .
Just was n't nothing exciting about being in the Dairy Queen parking lot leaning on the front of his ' 64 Impala looking out at the highway .
He figured maybe old crazy Harry who janitored at the high school might be right about them flying saucers .
Harry was always seeing something .
Bigfoot , six - legged weasels , all manner of things .
But maybe he was right about the saucers .
He 'd said he'd seen one a couple nights back hovering over Mud Creek and it was shooting down these rays that looked like wet peppermint sticks .
Leonard figured if Harry really had seen the saucers and the rays , then those rays were boredom rays .
It would be a way for space critters to get at earth folks , boring them to death .
Getting melted down by heat rays would have been better .
That was at least quick , but being bored to death was sort of like being nibbled to death by ducks .
Leonard continued looking at the highway , trying to imagine flying saucers and boredom rays , but he could n't keep his mind on it .
He finally focused on something in the highway .
A dead dog .
Not just a dead dog .
But a DEAD DOG .
The mutt had been hit by a semi at least , maybe several .
It looked as if it had rained dog .
There were pieces of that pooch all over the concrete and one leg was lying on the curbing on the opposite side , stuck up in such a way that it seemed to be waving hello .
Doctor Frankenstein with a grant from Johns Hopkins and assistance from NASA could n't have put that sucker together again .
Leonard leaned over to his faithful , drunk companion , Billy -- known among the gang as Farto , because he was fart lighting champion of Mud Creek -- and said , " See that dog there ? "
Farto looked where Leonard was pointing .
He had n't noticed the dog before , and he was n't nearly as casual about it as Leonard .
The puzzle - piece hound brought back memories .
It reminded him of a dog he'd had when he was thirteen .
A big , fine German Shepherd that loved him better than his Mama .
Sonofabitch dog tangled its chain through and over a barbed wire fence somehow and hung itself .
When Farto found the dog its tongue looked like a stuffed , black sock and he could see where its claws had just been able to scrape the ground , but not quite enough to get a toe hold .
It looked as if the dog had been scratching out some sort of a coded message in the dirt .
When Farto told his old man about it later , crying as he did , his old man laughed and said , " Probably a goddamn suicide note . "
Now , as he looked out at the highway , and his whiskey - laced Coke collected warmly in his gut , he felt a tear form in his eyes .
Last time he'd felt that sappy was when he'd won the fart - lighting championship with a four - inch burner that singed the hairs of his ass and the gang awarded him with a pair of colored boxing shorts .
Brown and yellow ones so he could wear them without having to change them too often .
So there they were , Leonard and Farto , parked outside the DQ , leaning on the hood of Leonard 's Impala , sipping Coke and whiskey , feeling bored and blue and horny , looking at a dead dog and having nothing to do but go to a show with a nigger starring in it .
Which , to be up front , would n't have been so bad if they 'd had dates .
Dates could make up for a lot of sins , or help make a few good ones , depending on one 's outlook .
But the night was criminal .
Dates they did n't have .
Worse yet , was n't a girl in the entire high school would date them .
Not even Marylou Flowers , and she had some kind of disease .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , plucked from relative obscurity in part for her reform credentials , has been eager to tout them in her vice presidential campaign .
“ I took on the old politics as usual in Juneau when I stood up to the special interests and the lobbyists and the big oil companies and the good old boys , ” Palin told the Republican National Convention in her acceptance speech .
She said that as a new governor she “ shook things up , and in short order we put the government of our state back on the side of the people . ”
By midway through her first term , she had signed an ethics reform bill , increased oil profit taxes and tweaked Big Oil again by awarding a gas pipeline contract to a Canadian company .
In some other respects , a Los Angeles Times examination of state records shows , her approach to government was business as usual .
Take , for example , the tradition of patronage .
Some of Palin ’s most controversial appointments involved donors , records show .
Advertisement
Among The Times ’ findings :
More than 100 appointments to state posts -- nearly 1 in 4 -- went to campaign contributors or their relatives , sometimes without apparent regard to qualifications .
Palin filled 16 state offices with appointees from families that donated $ 2,000 to $ 5,600 and were among her top political patrons .
Several of Palin ’s leading campaign donors received state - subsidized industrial development loans of up to $ 3.6 million for business ventures of questionable public value .
Advertisement
Palin picked a donor to replace the public safety commissioner she fired .
But the new top cop had to resign days later under an ethics cloud .
And Palin drew a formal ethics complaint still pending against her and several aides for allegedly helping another donor and fundraiser land a state job .
Most new governors install friends and supporters in state jobs .
But Alaska historians say some of Palin ’s appointees were less qualified than those of her Republican and Democratic predecessors .
University of Alaska historian Steve Haycox said Palin has been a reformer .
But he said she has a penchant for placing supporters , many of them ill - prepared , in high posts .
He called it “ cronyism ” far beyond what previous governors have done and a contradiction of her high - minded philosophy .
Terrence Cole , an Alaska political historian , said Palin had in some cases shown “ a disrespect for experience . ”
Advertisement
Administration officials disputed such criticism .
They said campaign contributions were not a factor in state appointments .
Frank Bailey , the state ’s director of boards and commissions , in speaking for Palin , who was not available to answer inquiries from The Times , said , “ We are always seeking the best - qualified folks . ”
In a little - noted sequel to Palin ’s controversial dismissal of her public safety commissioner , the governor replaced Walt Monegan with former small - town Police Chief Charles Kopp of Kenai .
The appointment unraveled almost immediately in what Cole called a vetting catastrophe .
A previous sexual harassment complaint came to light and Kopp had to resign two weeks after taking over .
Alaska paid him $ 10,000 in severance .
After another of Palin ’s campaign donors and fundraisers landed a civil service job with the state department of transportation , GOP activist Andree McLeod filed an ethics complaint against the governor and several aides , alleging that improper pressure was used to help Tom Lamal .
Advertisement
Lamal , a public school teacher in Fairbanks until he retired in 2006 , was hired as a right - of - way agent despite reports of internal conflicts over whether he was qualified under state law .
E-mail messages between Palin aides , obtained by McLeod under the state public records act , indicate that the hiring was pushed “ through the roadblocks ” by a deputy to one of Palin ’s appointees .
And Palin aide Bailey sent Lamal a congratulatory note saying , in part , “ Well now your foot ’s back in the door and maybe we can tap you for other things . ”
Lamal declined to be interviewed for this article .
Palin spokesman William McAllister declined to comment because of an ongoing state personnel board inquiry .
Advertisement
Palin told the Anchorage Daily News in August that her office merely worked to fix a “ glitch ” that prevented Lamal ’s hiring because of outdated job requirements , and that no favors were given .
In other state appointments , records show that all five Palin selections for the powerful Natural Gas Development Authority , which oversees a proposed gas pipeline project , were donors .
They included Kathryn Lamal , wife of Tom Lamal .
She appointed Kristan Cole , a school friend and a campaign donor , to the Board of Agriculture and Conservation , a farm regulatory position that by state law must go to people with strong business experience .
Cole is a real estate agent .
All three appointees to the Board of Public Accountancy , which oversees the accounting industry , gave to her campaign for governor , as did all three appointees to the Local Boundary Commission , which regulates contentious land annexations by local governments .
Advertisement
Palin reappointed donor Steve Frank to the Alaska Permanent Fund Corp. , which manages Alaska ’s $ 29 - billion oil revenue nest egg .
Frank , a former Republican legislator , is married to another leading donor , Linda Anderson , a lobbyist for power and tourism companies , among others .
The Permanent Fund position earns a $ 400 - a - day honorarium .
Most other board and commission appointees receive per diem and travel expenses .
Regardless of compensation , experts said , such appointments are coveted for their power and prestige , or as a political stepping stone .
Palin spokesman McAllister said that most Cabinet - level officials she appointed were not donors .
In every state , he added , people who “ apply to serve in a voluntary role are typically supporters of the governor . ”
Records show that Palin donors obtained state - subsidized business loans from the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority , or AIDEA , whose mission is to encourage “ economic growth and diversification of the state , including expansion of small businesses . ”
Advertisement
In one case , Jae G. Lee , a former Los Angeles businessman who is the proprietor of Party Time , a rundown grocery store and bottle shop in Anchorage , sought a $ 2.7 - million state loan to buy an aging strip mall in midtown Anchorage .
It was on the market because of a glut of similar malls in the area , all of them losing customers to big - box stores .
Lee and his wife , who had contributed $ 3,000 worth of office space to Palin ’s 2006 campaign , won the low - interest , state - backed mortgage although it was unclear how the old mall would add jobs .
Lee said he did nothing to improve his acquisition , but with the cheap loan his profits have been robust .
Lee said he did not seek Palin ’s help to obtain the loan .
Two other state - backed loans with favorable terms and questionable development benefits went to Palin contributor and local dentist Scott Laudon and his partners .
The investors got $ 1.2 million to refinance debt on Northern Lights Village -- a gritty collection of shops including massage and tattoo parlors , a secondhand - clothing store and a video arcade .
Its neighbors along a 1 1/2 - mile stretch of Northern Lights Boulevard in midtown Anchorage include a dozen strip malls .
Advertisement
Laudon and other partners also received $ 3.6 million to buy two automated car washes in Anchorage .
The benefit to Alaska , according to the approval documents , was the retention of five jobs -- which would have remained without the subsidy .
Laudon declined to comment .
The Times requested documentation on the Lee and Laudon loans , including interest rates , from AIDEA on Sept. 25 , but the agency has not released the materials and has declined to discuss details .
The agency “ probably looked at it this way : ‘ This is a good loan that will be paid back , ’ ” said Bob Poe , former AIDEA chief .
“ That helps them produce income to make other loans , much like a bank . ”
As economic development , however , both loans sound questionable , he said .
Three Palin appointees to the AIDEA board also gave to her campaign for governor .
This year the board picked Palin donor Ted Leonard as chief executive of the $ 1.2 - billion agency .
His principal credential was having been financial manager of tiny Wasilla , Alaska .
Palin appointed him to the city post when she was mayor .
Advertisement
Agency spokesman Karsten Rodvik said that Palin was not directly involved in the selection and that Leonard was the top applicant because of his long and diverse experience in finance and economic development .
He also said that AIDEA managers were “ not aware ” of any influence by Palin or her aides on any loans .
Some of Palin ’s other appointments have been controversial .
Franci Havemeister , one of several of Palin ’s childhood friends tapped for leadership jobs , heads the state agriculture division .
A former real estate agent , she was ridiculed in Alaska after it was reported that she had cited among her qualifications for the job a childhood love of cows .
And Palin ’s choice for attorney general , Talis Colberg , stirred considerable puzzlement :
He was virtually unknown beyond her circle near Wasilla .
Colberg , who had a solo law practice and little management experience , now oversees 500 professionals .
Advertisement
Colberg was criticized by both Republican and Democratic legislators for his handling of the recent investigation of Palin ’s actions in a controversy involving her ex-brother - in - law -- a state trooper -- and Monegan .
A Superior Court judge overruled Colberg ’s move to quash investigative subpoenas in the case .
--
charles.piller@latimes.com
--
Advertisement
Times staff writer Doug Smith and researchers Janet Lundblad and Maloy Moore contributed to this report .
YSaC , Vol CXCII
Somebody offer something for this car ( far out ) Rat Rod
The place where this listing comes from is apparently referred to as the “ Athens of the West ” .
This person seems to have decided to honor the statuary of the original Athens by …. encasing a car in concrete ?
I have absolutely no idea what I ’m looking at here .
I want to believe it ’s a car under a cover , but it looks a little too rigid for that .
( Besides , if it is a car under a cover , would n’t you take the cover OFF to photograph the car to sell it ? )
So maybe it ’s a concrete sculpture of a car .
If so , how is someone going to move it ?
And why on earth would someone WANT it ?
Wait , I know .
Maybe it ’s a modern art installation , and is a post- ironic expression of stereotypes of neighborhoods where there are more cars in the driveways that are on blocks than are on wheels .
Perhaps the permanence of the sculpture of what is clearly a sports car is a reflection of the futility of the class struggle and is attempting to represent the weight of the tropes that keep us from true social mobility .
The spare tire represents man ’s inhumanity to man .
Googling for “ rat rod ” reveals that the term generally refers to cars that “ appears unfinished or is built simply to be driven . ”
( Thanks , Uncle Wikipedia ! )
I like my interpretation better .
Sent in by Cheryl — thanks !
It came to my attention recently that one of the service providers of our family does not report all of his or her income .
I ’ve always “ known about it ” in a roundabout way , but it was actually stated to me directly .
I ’m in a quandary about what to do …. and I ’m also mad about it .
The Tax Cheat
I suggested that instead of paying this person , we just set up an automatic transfer from my account regularly , saving me the hassle of writing a check each week .
The person told me that they definitely did not want to do that because then there would be a record of the money and they would have to report it .
WHAT ??!!
I ’ve been asking around to see how common it is and it appears that it ’s pretty common for this service .
So , unfortunately , it is n’t that easy for me to replace this person with another one that will report their income .
It actually seems to be a widespread , and very disturbing , problem .
I ’m guessing that this is common with many industries that pay in tips too .
We Pay Taxes , Why Do n’t You ?
I ’m fuming .
Not only at the individual , but at all the people who do n’t think that they have to report their income to the IRS .
Why on earth would you be entitled to not pay tax , when millions of other Americans have to ?
I can only assume that my taxes are higher to account for all of those who do not pay their fair share .
When I work , I work my butt off on stuff .
We ’ve been successful in launching our new company and we reported every single dollar of income .
Why ?
Because it ’s the right thing to do .
If you choose to live in America where you can earn money you ’re obligated to pay tax on that income .
How to Report to the IRS
Do you know someone that is not paying tax ?
Here are directions on how to rat out tax cheats .
Rewards can be up to 30 % of recovered unpaid taxes .
I have n’t decided how to handle this issue .
Would you report a tax cheat ?
What about an innocent spouse ?
Tell Me Why
I ’d love to hear people ’s arguments why you think you do n’t have to pay taxes on your earned income and I do .
I ’m not saying that you should n’t take advantage of fun tax deductions and other ways to cut down on taxes that are within the law .
I ’m against under and non reporting of earned income .
I ’m also not arguing the tax law here , that is done elsewhere : 66 % Of American Corporations Pay Zero Federal Income Tax .
I ’m more focused on figuring out what the mentality is of people who feel they do n’t have to report their income .
Do you report all your income ?
( Although , do me a favor and post somewhat anonymously if you are going to tell me that you do n’t …
I do n’t need a bigger problem on my conscience ! )
( CNN ) -- German police late Thursday backed away from earlier assertions that a teen posted warnings on a German - language Web site before killing 15 people in a shooting rampage .
German shooter Tim Kretschmer , 17 , began the killing spree at his old school .
more photos »
Police spokesman Gabor Sipos said investigators now have doubts about whether Tim Kretschmer posted he was " fed up with this bloody life " and was going to take a weapon to his old school and " give them hell . "
Kretschmer killed 12 people at his former school in Winnenden , Germany , on Wednesday and took three more lives elsewhere before killing himself , police said .
Earlier Thursday , authorities quoted postings from the Web site , krautchan.net , that they attributed to Kretschmer , saying they had two independent sources who had information that the messages appeared on the site before the killings .
Officials said based on the two sources , they believed the messages were authentic and linked to Kretschmer .
iReport.com : Fear and confusion in Winnenden
But later , Sipos said police were questioning the two teenagers who claimed they had seen the postings prior to the rampage and that investigators had found no evidence on Kretschmer 's computer that he might have posted such entries .
Sipos also said investigators were talking with the U.S. - based Internet service provider that runs the server that hosts krautchan .net .
A message on the Web site denied that any such messages had appeared there .
" No killing spree was announced here , " the message on krautchan .
net said .
The message also said the server was having trouble dealing with recent traffic and was going off line until the furor died down .
" There 's nothing to see anyway , since the German press was unfortunately fooled ( and probably not for the first time either ) by a forgery , " the posting said .
" Maybe he visited the site , but he definitely did n't write the post that went through the news , because that one never existed , " the posting on krautchan .
net said .
CNN was unable to reach the owner or owners of krautchan .
net because they have registered with DomainsByProxy , which masks their real identities .
Earlier , Heribert Rech , interior minister of the state of Baden - Wurttemberg , quoted the postings attributed to Kretschmer as saying , " Everyone laughs at me .
No one recognizes my potential .
I mean this seriously . "
" I have got a weapon here and tomorrow I am going to go to my former school and give them hell .
Maybe I would escape , keep your ear to the ground .
You 'll hear from me tomorrow morning .
Just notice the name of the place , Winnenden .
Do n't say anything to the police , " Rech quoted .
He told reporters Thursday that media reports indicate a teenager from Bavaria who was chatting with the author of those comments on the Internet reported the conversation to his father , who was a reporter .
The youth who was reading the postings did n't take the messages seriously , Rech said , and responded " LOL , " or " laughing out loud . "
" I need to see some pictures before I believe it , " the teenager added , according to Rech .
Police discovered Kretschmer began undergoing treatment for depression at a clinic in April last year , then attended outpatient sessions , which he stopped attending at some point , said Rech .
Police also are looking into whether a law was broken , allowing Kretschmer to access the pistol he allegedly used in the shooting .
German law mandates that legally purchased weapons be kept in places that are inaccessible to anyone who is n't the license - holder .
Kretschmer 's father was a gun club member who owned 15 weapons .
Rech said 14 of the father 's weapons were locked in a cabinet , but one was kept in a bedroom .
Another official at the briefing warned that the shooting spree could spark copycat crimes .
State police Chief Erwin Hetger said authorities have received six threats , which were being investigated and taken " very seriously . "
" We have indicated to our police stations that they should get in touch with all the schools ... to go to the schools and to participate ... given these recent events , " Hetger said .
He said intervention teams were at the Winnenden school two minutes after police received the alarm , and he believed they helped prevent additional deaths .
Regional police director Ralf Michelfelder said prompt action from teachers at the school saved lives .
They knew to barricade themselves inside classrooms , keep students away from windows and get everyone to lie on the floor .
Read how students jumped from windows to escape
Michelfelder said Kretschmer may have planned to confine his attack to the school but the prompt action of teachers locking down their classrooms and the arrival of police -- who exchanged fire with him -- forced him to flee .
Security at German schools has been an issue in the past .
In November 2006 , an 18 - year - old former student strapped explosives to his body and went on a rampage at a middle school in western Germany , shooting and wounding six people -- most of them students -- before killing himself .
In July 2003 , a 16 - year - old student shot a teacher before taking his own life at a school in the southern German town of Coburg .
A year earlier , 18 people were killed when an expelled student went on a shooting spree at his school in eastern Germany .
CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .
All About Germany • Angela Merkel
International donors pledged almost $ 4.5 billion in aid for Gaza earlier this month .
It has been very painful for me to witness over the past few years the deteriorating humanitarian situation in that narrow strip where I lived as a child in the 1950s .
The media tend to attribute Gaza 's decline solely to Israeli military and economic actions against Hamas .
But such a myopic analysis ignores the problem 's root cause : 60 years of Arab policy aimed at cementing the Palestinian people 's status as stateless refugees in order to ...
Ever since the first time I saw Yahoo !
BOSS , I 've been wanting to work on a Django - specific vertical search .
Any moderately technical topic has a dozen RSS feed aggregators , but few have the necessary content and interest to sustain a search vertical , and fewer still have a targeted search that outperforms the search giants1 .
I 'm excited to announce the opening of findjango , a Django search vertical .
( If the site does n't look like the above screenshot , try a hard refresh . )
Rather than a long - winded description of what it is , go ahead and try some queries :
Search for test .
Search for yahoo .
Search for expire cache .
Sources of Content
An up - to - date list of sources is always accessible on Findjango itself .
but currently it is taking advantage of five sources for search results as well as constructing a slender index of the Django documentation .
Those five sources are :
Yahoo !
BOSS web results , restricted to a handful of relevant sites .
lethain.com results , limited to those containing the django tag .
yashh.com results , again limited to the django tag .
Tweets that contain the query term and the term django ( the poor man 's search vertical ) .
Amazon book results that meet the query , contain the term django , and do n't contain a handful of Jazz related terms .
This is definitely just the beginning in terms of content sources .
Even if you only have a small blog , as long as you can filter for Django related content , I 'd love to integrate your content here as well .
All it takes is an externally accessible search api , preferably using the Springsteen Service format , but get in touch and we can discuss details .
Implementation
Findjango 's implementation is built on top of django - springsteen , and Springsteen does most of the heavy lifting .
At this point there are only a few custom pieces :
Reporting irrelevant terms .
A Django specific relevancy and ranking algorithm .
Indexing and matching queries against the Django documentation .
Custom service wrappers to access this blog as well as yashh.com .
The Future
I have a handful of intertwined goals for Findjango :
The first is to serve in the flagship fleet for django - springsteen as an example of a highly targeted search experience ( Springsteen Search being the example of a non-targeted search experience ) .
The next -- although not less important -- goal is for Findjango to be a genuinely useful resource for the Django community .
A big part of this will be adding more resources , but also continued work on relevancy and other tweaks .
Finally , and perhaps most exciting , in the upcoming days I 'll be opening Findjango as an externally accessible api , which will allow other sites in the community to directly query Findjango and display the results in their own pages .
I 'm excited to hear your feedback , and any suggestions on how to make FIndjango a more useful resource .
Thanks for reading .
As a bonus tidbit , Josh Gourneau has implemented a MyCroft plugin , making Findjango usable from the Firefox and IE search box .
Jakobshavn , Greenland ( Image : Ann Jones / The Image Bank / Getty )
Sea level rises could bust official estimates – that ’s the first big message to come from the climate change congress that kicked off in Copenhagen , Denmark , today .
Researchers , including John Church of the Centre for Australian Weather and Climate Research , presented evidence that Greenland and Antarctica are losing ice fast , contributing to the annual sea - level rise .
Recent data shows that waters have been rising by 3 millimetres a year since 1993 .
Church says this is above any of the rates forecast by the IPCC models .
By 2100 , sea levels could be 1 metre or more above current levels , he says .
And it looks increasingly unlikely that the rise will be much less than 50 centimetres .
Advertisement
In 2007 , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change forecast a rise of 18 cm to 59 cm by 2100 .
But the numbers came with a heavy caveat that often went unnoticed by the popular press .
Flooding increase
Because modelling how the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets will react to rising temperatures is fiendishly complicated , the IPCC did not include either in its estimate .
It ’s no small omission : the Greenland ice cap , the smaller and so far less stable of the two , holds enough water that if it all melted , it would raise sea levels by 6 metres on average across the globe .
“ As a result of the acceleration of outlet glaciers over large regions , the ice sheets in Greenland and Antarctica are already contributing more and faster to sea level rise than anticipated , ” says Eric Rignot of the University of California in Irvine and NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
“ If this trend continues , we are likely to witness sea level rise 1 metre or more by year 2100 ” , he says .
Church says even 50 cm would have a huge effect on flooding events .
“ Our study on Australia showed that coastal flooding events that today we expect only once every 100 years will happen several times a year by 2100 , ” he says .
Jason Lowe of the UK Met Office remains cautious .
He accepts that recent data shows ice from Greenland and Antarctica is rapidly pushing up sea levels , but says the models simply are not yet sophisticated enough to say how this affects the future .
Taoiseach Brian Cowen and US President Barack Obama met for over half an hour in the Oval Office today .
Before the traditional shamrock ceremony , President Obama spoke about his Irish roots .
He said at some stage in the future he would like to visit Ireland .
The Taoiseach spoke about the strength of the relationship between Ireland and the US .
At one point , President Obama jokingly suggested that he and Brian Cowen might be cousins .
The Taoiseach responded that he would not like Mr Obama to run against him in Offaly - the President ’s ancestral home - because the US leader would beat him .
Later , the two leaders took part in the traditional St Patrick 's Day Shamrock Ceremony , which symbolises the friendship between the two countries .
This is Mr Cowen 's first visit to the White House as Taoiseach .
The 40 minute bi-lateral meeting in the Oval Office is only the third which President Obama has held with a foreign leader since taking up office in January .
Yesterday , the Taoiseach was guest of honour at the Annual American Ireland Fund Dinner in Washington .
In his address the Taoiseach referred to the recent killings in Northern Ireland .
He said that a tiny evil minority sought to destroy what the people have Ireland have built , but he said they will not succeed .
Tonight President Obama and his wife Michelle will host a St Patrick 's Day reception as the White House .
Meanwhile , Northern Ireland 's first and deputy first ministers will also meet with President Obama during the celebrations .
Peter Robinson and Martin McGuinness twice delayed their departure for the US because of last week 's murder of two British soldiers and a policeman .
During their visit , the leaders have been promoting business opportunities in Northern Ireland .
Yesterday we broke a story about YouTube muting videos that use unauthorized copyrighted music as the audio .
Since then , users have been trying it out with dozens of copyrighted audio tracks and it seems that this will definitely happen often in the future , as the library of " banned " music is quite extensive .
I do n't understand why any copyright holder could prefer removing his / her audio track to simply slapping some ads and trying to monetize the fact that someone , somewhere , likes their song .
But what I do know is that YouTube has brought forth a number of interesting memes and phenomenons which will die out if this new audio muting practice continues ( and spreads to music from other labels , not just Warner ) .
Here are some of the obvious ones :
1 . No more RickRoll ( or any other authentic viral videos with copyrighted music )
By this , I do n't mean the actual rickroll , that is , tricking people into clicking on a link with Rick Astley 's song Never Gonna Give You Up .
I mean all similar , past and present jokes and memes that use a popular , copyrighted audio tune .
Whether you like the RickRoll jokes or not , you 've got to admit that the world is just a tiny bit more boring place without them .
Sure , some viral videos do n't use copyrighted music .
But many do : Numa Numa , Evolution of Dance , and the Prison Inmate Thriller Video are just some examples .
From now on , only big companies like Sony or Reebok will be able to afford using certain tracks for their annoyingly - fake viral - video guerilla - marketing campaigns , while the rest of us will be stuck with silence or YouTube 's AudioSwap library .
No , thanks .
2 . No more anime music videos
I 'm no anime buff so I wo n't try to explain the roots of this phenomenon , but for some reason anime fans like to use popular music tunes as background for original or user - edited anime clips .
Guess what will happen to most of these on YouTube ?
3 . No more movie remixes
Another popular meme ( which you may or may not like , but that does n't mean that it 's not popular ) is dubbing clips from movies with popular audio tracks .
A good example is the movie 300 , which has been remixed with practically every metal band in existence ; see here , here and here .
This practice is also likely to all but disappear if users wo n't be able to use the coolest tunes .
4. No more Guitar Hero / Rock Band videos
Yup , you can't actually post a video of yourself rocking to your favorite Guitar Hero or Rock Band tune : you do n't have the rights for that .
Sounds stupid , since most of the fun in these games comes from playing with other people and comparing your skills with theirs ?
Absolutely .
But what can you do : if there 's music involved , the industry will shut it down although it 's making them millions of dollars .
5 . No more dance videos
Yup , you can't dance to popular tunes and put up a video of yourself doing it any more .
You know all those videos of people acting stupid to Rihanna , Britney Spears , or some other popular song ?
Forget about those .
Your 4 - year old kid dancing to Madonna 's latest single ?
Sorry , your kid will have to dance in silence .
I could go on ; the fact is that videos imply audio and that users are simply using the songs they like , which - in the end - does great things for the popularity of these songs .
I 'm guessing , however , that the music industry is still so consumed with trying to stop you from enjoying their content in ways they have n't specifically approved , that they 'll keep shooting themselves in the foot like this for a while .
Buy a SIM Card from AT&T or T - Mobile called a Micro - SIM .
These will fit in the iPhone .
Apple is planning on using Nano - SIM Cards which are even smaller .
Iran has asked Turkey to help it resolve its 30 - year dispute with the US as a possible prelude to re-establishing ties , the Turkish prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , has told the Guardian .
Iranian officials made the request while George Bush was in office , Erdogan said , adding that he had passed the message to the White House at the time .
He said he was considering raising the matter with Barack Obama , who has said he wants to engage with Iran at a G20 summit in London in April .
Speaking aboard his prime ministerial plane during a local election campaign trip to the south - eastern city of Mardin , Erdogan also renewed his criticism of Israel 's recent offensive in Gaza and challenged the Israeli prime minister - designate , Binyamin Netanyahu , to recognise Palestinians ' right to have their own state .
Asked if Turkey could play a mediating role in overcoming mistrust between Washington and Tehran , Erdogan replied : " Iran does want Turkey to play such a role .
And if the United States also wants and asks us to play this role , we are ready to do this .
They [ the Iranians ] said to us that if something like this [ an opportunity for rapprochement ] would happen , they want Turkey to play a role .
These were words that were said openly .
But I have told this to President Bush myself . "
Erdogan 's remarks came as the US state department finally appointed the veteran Clinton administration diplomat Dennis Ross as a special envoy responsible for tackling the difficult Iran issue .
Ross , whose experience has been in dealing with the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , has been given the title of special adviser to the Gulf and south - west Asia .
In an article published last September , Ross advocated that the initial approach to Iran should be through a " direct , secret back channel " .
Iran and Turkey have drawn closer in recent years , helped by growing trade links last year estimated at £ 5.5 bn .
Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , met Erdogan and the Turkish president , Abdullah Gul , in Istanbul last August , and several Turkish officials have also visited Iran in recent months to boost economic ties .
Turkey imports one - third of its natural gas from Iran and has signed preliminary agreements to invest heavily in the Iranian gas industry .
US officials have previously reacted sceptically to Turkish proposals to mediate with Iran .
However , the idea may be given fresh consideration by the Obama administration , which has set up a sweeping policy review policy after the president promised to reach out if Iran " unclenched its fist " .
Turkey , a Nato member and close ally of the US , shares Washington 's misgivings about Iran 's nuclear programme , which Tehran insists is for peaceful purposes but which the west suspects is aimed at building an atomic bomb .
Acting as a go - between for Iran would fit with the regional mediator role Turkey has fashioned for itself under Erdogan 's Islamist - rooted Justice and Development party ( AKP ) government .
Last year , Ankara brokered peace talks between Israel and Syria , using its western alliance membership and status as a Muslim country to win the trust of each side .
But Turkey 's ties with Israel were severely strained by Erdogan 's fierce criticism of the recent bombardment of Gaza , which left more than 1,300 Palestinians dead .
Relations soured further after he stormed out of a debate at the world economic forum in Davos after clashing angrily with the Israeli president , Shimon Peres .
The gesture was widely acclaimed in Turkey and throughout the Muslim world but was condemned in Israel , where Erdogan was seen as an apologist for the Palestinian militant group Hamas , with which his government has cultivated ties .
However , in comments likely to provoke further anger , Erdogan drew parallels between Hamas 's failure to recognise Israel and the refusal of Netanyahu , who has been asked to form the next Israeli government , to endorse a Palestinian state .
" We are always telling them [ Hamas ) ] to act differently , that we are for a two - state solution : Palestine and Israel , " he said .
" They have to accept this , but Israel also has to accept Palestine .
" Is Israel right now accepting Palestine ?
They are still not accepting them .
But it is being expected of the Palestinian people to accept Israel .
Now go and ask Mr Netanyahu if he is accepting Palestine . "
Netanyahu has pledged to pursue " economic peace " with the Palestinians but has ruled out territorial concessions that would lead to statehood .
Erdogan said an Israeli - Palestinian settlement had to include Hamas , which he called the party of " change and reform " .
He also condemned Israel 's recent onslaught as disproportionate .
" Hamas does n't have any planes .
Hamas does n't have any tanks or artillery , and with the use of disproportionate force Gaza was being put under fire , " he said .
" One thousand , one hundred and 30 people have died .
We have more than 5,500 injured .
Who is going to ask : what has happened here and who is going to pay the price for this ? "
His walkout at Davos , when he also clashed with the debate moderator , David Ignatius of the Washington Post , was inspired by his conscience , he said , and a desire to " be the voice of the voiceless and the protector of the people who cannot protect themselves " .
Erdogan dismissed fears that the US pro-Israel lobby would retaliate by lifting its opposition to a congressional resolution recognising the Armenian genocide claims .
During last year 's US presidential election campaign , Obama and his vice - president , Joe Biden , voiced support for the resolution .
But Erdogan said : " I believe the United States feels and knows the importance of Turkey within the region more than some people who do not understand this .
The so - called Armenian genocide is not an issue that can affect Turkey - American relations in a very strong way .
I do n't believe the US Congress would take a decision based on emotions .
It should be left to historians . "
Allegations by the Armenian government and diaspora about the fate of their people under the Ottoman empire have long been one of Turkish society 's biggest taboos .
Turkey vehemently disputes Armenian claims that up to 1.5 million were deliberately killed in a programme amounting to genocide .
Officials say the death toll was much lower and a result of inter-ethnic clashes in which many Turks also died .
Turkey has called for a historical commission to examine the issue and has recently pursued rapprochement with Armenia , with which it has no diplomatic ties .
NEWTON'S OPTIC : THE ANSWER to all our problems is staring us in the face .
It may even be quite literally staring at you , right now , across the breakfast table .
So put the paper down , stare back and ask yourself a selfless question .
Does the woman in your life really need a job ?
Admittedly , this is not a fashionable question .
From Iceland to Australia , men are blamed for causing the credit crunch , while a more feminine approach to finance is proposed as the solution .
Of course there will always be a place in the world of business for exceptional women .
Women also have an important role to play in jobs that are too demeaning for men , like teaching .
But the general employment of women is another matter .
Indeed , working women almost certainly caused the credit crunch by bringing a second income into the average household , pushing property prices up to unsustainable levels .
Whether working women actually caused the credit crunch is now a moot point .
The point is that removing women from the workforce would mitigate its effects .
Consider the issue of unemployment .
There were 221,301 men on the live register last month and just under one million women in work .
Surely at least half these women have a partner who is earning ?
Surely at least half would be happier at home ?
One half of one half is a quarter and one quarter of a million is roughly 221,301 .
I think we can all see where this argument is going .
It would be ludicrous to suggest that women should be sacked purely to give men their jobs .
In many cases , their jobs should be abolished as well .
Women are twice as likely as men to work in the public sector .
They account for two - thirds of the Civil Service and three - quarters of all public employees .
Yet they are barely represented in the useful public services of firefighting and arresting people .
Encouraging women to leave the workforce would go a long way towards addressing the budget deficit without any downside whatsoever .
Further benefits of sacking women have been uncovered by the Central Gender Mainstreaming Unit at the Department of Justice .
According to its research , twice as many woman as men travel to work by bus and train , potentially halving the impact of cutbacks in public transport .
However , it is probable that three - quarters of the Central Gender Mainstreaming Unit ’s staff are women , so these figures should be taken with a pinch of salt .
While the economic case for fewer women in the workforce is irrefutable , we should also acknowledge the social advantages .
Women make the majority of spending decisions in Irish households and make almost all of the purchases .
They are far more likely than men to regard shopping as a leisure activity , far less likely to make savings and investments , and were even almost twice as likely to spend their SSIAs .
In short , women were the driving force behind the greed , consumerism and materialism of the Celtic Tiger years and it was female employment that funded their oestrogen - crazed acquisitiveness .
The time has come to build a more sustainable , equitable and progressive society .
Why not make a start by telling your other half to quit her job ?
She can ask you for the housekeeping on Friday .
In a special media event held today , Apple previewed the next - generation operating system for its iPhone and iPod touch mobile devices .
In addition to opening up lots of new functionality for developers , users will also be pleased with new additions and more polish .
The event started with an introduction from Apple 's Marketing Manager for iPod and iPhone , Greg Joswiak .
He detailed some very impressive numbers concerning the iPhone OS ecosystem .
17 million iPhones and some 13 million iPod touches have been sold in the last two years , for a total of over 30 million devices running iPhone OS .
There are currently over 50,000 registered app developers , 60 percent of which have never developed for any mobile platform .
The App Store currently has over 25,000 apps available , resulting in over 800 million downloads to date .
Next , Senior Vice President of iPhone Software Engineering Scott Forstall came on the stage to detail some of the features and the over 1,000 new APIs available to developers .
Developers now have a sanctioned way to sell additional content directly from an app , such as additional levels for a game or e-books for a reader app .
Like the App Store , Apple handles all the logistics and keeps a 30 percent cut .
Free apps , however , cannot offer this functionality .
" Free apps remain free , " said Forstall .
i Phone OS will now be able to use Bluetooth for connectivity to other iPhones .
Apple has implemented Bonjour auto - discovery and peer - to - peer networking via Bluetooth with no complicated pairing required .
This will allow apps to communicate to each other and transfer data .
Though the exact mechanisms are n't know , Forstall offered an example of enabling head - to - head gameplay without requiring a WiFi network .
Devices will also be able to communicate with external peripherals plugged in to the dock connecter via a standard protocol .
Several examples were given , such as controlling an external speaker set 's EQ , or communicating with a medical device to gather data .
Further , the communication is also enabled via Bluetooth as well , so it wo n't require docks or cables .
Hooray for wireless headphones !
Finally , the push notification feature that was supposed to appear in the iPhone OS 2.0 update will be making its debut in 3.0 .
Admitting that Apple is " late on this one , " Forstall said , " We had to complete rearchitect the server for push notifications . "
Third - party servers can send text or sound notifications to Apple 's server , which then pushes them to a user 's iPhone .
Forstall said Apple prefers this approach to allowing background processes because of battery life .
The company 's testing with BlackBerry and Windows Mobile devices showed an 80 percent decrease in standby battery life when using background processes .
Push notifications , on the other hand , only resulted in a 23 percent decrease .
Forstall also briefly mentioned some other API additions , including giving developers access to the iPhone 's proximity sensor , a user 's iPod library , streaming video and audio via HTTP ( even through firewalls ) , system - wide Data Detectors ( rumored to be coming to Snow Leopard as well ) , and even built - in VoIP APIs .
A particularly useful new API allows developers to call up a drop - down sheet for sending an email without having to quit the current app and launch the Mail app .
Demos , demos
Forstall then introduced a lengthy series of developers who demoed some of the new functionality in their upcoming apps ( or updates to current apps ) .
Meebo demoed a chat client , EA and ngmoco demoed games with some innovative new interaction , and Johnson &Johnson 's LifeScan showed off an app that can track blood sugar readings for diabetics .
ESPN demoed an app that takes advantage of push notifications to alert users of their favorite team 's scores , and Oracle showed enterprise software leveraging push notifications to alert sales staff of low product stock at retailers .
Finally , Forstall detailed some of the " over 100 new features " designed for users .
Probably the biggest is a system - wide cut and paste ability , which Apple has been working on to come up with a good UI .
Double - clicking a word in text will activate a cut / copy / paste popup .
Two icons appear for dragging around a selection .
Double tapping in an empty space brings up the popup to allow pasting .
The Photos app now lets users select multiple photos for pasting into an e-mail , and a system - wide " shake to undo " feature has also been added .
Cocoa
Touch has APIs so developers can use these features in their apps as well .
The SMS app has been renamed " Messages , " and it now supports MMS messages for sending and receiving photos , contact cards , audio files , and location data in addition to text messages .
The app also supports forwarding and deleting individual messages instead of deleting all messages from a particular sender .
A new Voice Memos app is included for recording and editing audio .
The app can use the built - in mic or an external mic for recording .
Recordings can be edited and then shared via e-mail or MMS .
The Calendar app gains support for Exchange , CalDAV , and .ics format external calendars .
And an updated Stocks app gains access to financial news stories and more detail about individual stocks ( yay ? ) .
Perhaps even more useful is a system - wide search function based on Spotlight .
Individual apps , including the supplied Mail , iPod , Calendar , and Notes , include their own search abilities , which can be added to third - party apps .
But with a flick to the left on the homescreen , a user can do a Spotlight search for items anywhere on the device , including music , movies , calendar appointments , e-mails , contacts , Safari bookmarks , and even applications .
Forstall mentioned that when " having over 100 apps on a phone , search is useful for this . "
Rounding out some of the mentioned feature additions : Notes sync via iTunes ( finally , productivity mavens rejoice ! ) , shake to shuffle in iPod , auto - logins for WiFi hotspots , stereo Bluetooth , landscape viewing and typing in Mail and other apps , anti-phishing support in MobileSafari , extended Parental Controls , and support for more languages and improved alternate keyboards .
Joswiak came back on stage to wrap up the event .
A beta of the iPhone OS 3.0 SDK is available today for all developers in the iPhone Dev Program .
i Phone OS 3.0 will ship this summer and be available as a free update for all iPhones , including the original — however , some features , such as stereo Bluetooth , wo n't work on the older hardware .
iPod touch users will again have to pay $ 9.95 to upgrade ( damn that alleged Sarbanes - Oxley issue ) .
This looks like a serious update , and both users and developers should be pleased with everything Apple has added .
Be sure to keep an eye on Infinite Loop throughout the day for further detailed reports and commentary .
Two thirds of the world 's cell phone subscriptions are in developing nations , with the highest growth rate in Africa where a quarter of the population now has a mobile , a United Nations agency said on Friday .
While just 1 in 50 Africans had a mobile in the year 2000 , now 28 percent have a cellular subscription , according to the International Telecommunications Union ( ITU ) .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The world has more than three times more mobile cellular subscriptions than fixed telephone lines , and in some countries in Asia and Europe people have more than one contract each , pushing the mobile access rate above 100 per cent .
In its Measuring the Information Society report , the ITU said the Internet is far less accessible in poorer parts of the world , for instance in Africa where just 5 percent of the population now uses the Internet .
" Fixed Internet access in developing countries is still limited , and , where available , often slow and / or expensive , " it said in the report that ranked countries ' information and communication technologies ( ICT ) as of 2007 , the last year for which figures were available .
Sweden topped the index , which measured countries ' relative access to telephones , computers and communications networks and literacy rates , and South Korea placed second .
Nordic states and high - income European , Asian , and North America also scored high .
But dramatic mobile cellular growth in developing countries , including Pakistan ( ranked 127th ) , Saudi Arabia ( 55th ) , China ( 73rd ) , and Vietnam ( 92nd ) , helped bolster emerging economies since the last index was compiled , in 2002 , the ITU said .
Companies that have invested heavily in emerging markets include India 's Bharti Airtel , Norway 's Telenor , South Africa 's MTN and Egypt 's Orascom Telecom .
Following is a ranking of the top 10 and bottom 10 countries on that index of 154 countries .
The full ICT Development Index is available on : www.itu.int
ICT Development Index 2007 rating ( 2002 Ranking ) :
1 - SwedenN ( 1 )
2 - South Korea(3 )
3 - Denmark ( 4 )
4 - Netherlands ( 6 )
5 - Iceland ( 2 )
6 - Norway ( 5 )
7 - Luxembourg ( 21 )
8 - Switzerland ( 7 )
9 - Finland ( 8 )
10 - United Kingdom ( 10 )
145 - Tanzania ( 138 )
146 - Mali ( 150 )
147 - Ethiopia ( 147 )
148 - Mozambique ( 148 )
149 - Eritrea ( 137 )
150 - Burkina Faso ( 151 )
151 - Democratic Republic of Congo ( 144 )
152 - Guinea=Bissau ( 153 )
153 - Chad ( 152 )
154 - Niger ( 154 )
The affidavit shows that the Federal Bureau of Investigation received information in 2002 that Mr. Nicholson might be trying to get back in touch with his Russian handlers .
But while the F.B.I. was pursuing that lead , Mr. Nicholson was able to use his son as a conduit , passing information to him during jailhouse meetings as investigators monitored their contacts .
The documents do not say whether lax security at the prison might have contributed to the success of the scheme .
Mr. Nicholson admitted in 1997 that he had received $ 300,000 from the Russians for the names , identities and missions of numerous C.I.A. employees .
He was the C.I.A. ’s deputy station chief in Malaysia before returning to agency headquarters in 1994 in a senior counterterrorism post .
In pleading guilty , Mr. Nicholson avoided a possible life sentence and was given 23 years in federal prison .
At his sentencing , he told the judge that he had become a Russian spy for the financial benefit of his three children .
Mr. Nicholson ’s three children , including his youngest child , Nathan , then 12 , went to live with their grandparents in Eugene , Ore. , after their father ’s imprisonment .
Mr. Nicholson asked to be housed near his family and was placed at the medium - security facility in Sheridan , Ore .
Mr. Nicholson ’s mail was heavily monitored , and initially , officials said , he sought to use inmates to pass messages to the Russians through their outside mailings .
In February 2002 , the F.B.I. learned from someone who had been in contact with another prisoner that Mr. Nicholson was trying to use fellow inmates to contact the Russians , according to an affidavit filed in federal court in Oregon by Jared J. Garth , an F.B.I. agent .
Image Nathan Nicholson
That led the F.B.I. to interview a cellmate , who said Mr. Nicholson had confided to him a concern that the C.I.A. information he had would become “ stale ” and “ no longer have value to a foreign government . ”
He also reportedly said he had a “ pension ” awaiting him in Russia and planned to repatriate there after he was freed .
In the US , some Republican state governors are continuing to oppose President Obama 's stimulus plan .
James Coomarasamy been to South Carolina - the state with the second highest unemployment rate - to meet a governor who does n't think the country should be spending its way out of the crisis .
9 Creative , bizarre and unexpected ways of using logic puzzles
New to this website ?
If you enjoy playing brain games online , do n't forget to check our huge selection of free puzzles .
Logic puzzles are sometimes more than just a brain game !
Although most of us solve puzzles for fun or to exercise our brains , there are lots of weird ways to use them which most of us wo n't even think of when placing a number in another Sudoku or painting another square in new Pic - a - Pix .
From an appetizing Sudoku Pizza to a whole Pic - a - Pix wooden sculpture exhibition , here are 9 creative , bizarre and somewhat unexpected ways of using logic puzzles .
Yummy Sudoku
This unexpected puzzle creation takes Sudoku a giant step forward : it is also very tasty , especially if you like your pizza with exactly 9 toppings arranged differently on each slice .
So what ’s the logic in this culinary invention ?
Well , this probably depends on how hungry you are but if you want to find out here are the 9 steps and the list of ingredients :
Stewed garden tomatoes with Italian herbs for the sauce , olives , fresh basil leaves , potato , onion , garlic , Italian Salami , zucchini , sausage , spinach for the 9 toppings , and of course some cheese and Pizza dough .
Use a handy " All Purpose Kitchen Tool " to mark off your Sudoku squares .
Bake to a golden brown .
For more detailed instructions , high - res pictures and for Sudoku puzzles that use colors instead of numbers visit colordoku.com
Tequila logic
Some things may seem bizarre in one place and totally normal in another .
It ’s all in the culture .
Take this Mexican Bar for example , which offers wooden logic puzzles to its drunken visitors … perhaps to see if they are fit to drive or take the next train .
This is not in Mexico of course but ( only ) in Tokyo , Japan .
Via strange_skies ( Flickr )
Wooden Pixel Sculptures
If you can eat your puzzles , or solve them while drinking , why not use them for art ?
Yeshurun Barnea ( 67 ) is a son of a well - known Israeli sculptor and an avid craftsman in his own right .
In the late nineties Barnea developed a new form of woodcraft he defines as " Pixel Sculpturing " - sculptures made of plywood carved and painted according to Conceptis ’ picture - logic puzzle designs .
Barnea ’s sculptures give new life to the pixel designs .
The combination of square - based art together with colorfully painted plywood material produces an amazing three - dimensional effect of pixel sculptures never seen before .
Since he discovered this new sculptural concept , Barnea has been experimenting and creating hundreds of art works of various sizes and colors .
Retired since 1989 , Barnea lives in Israel with his wife Michal and works from his home in the city of Holon .
The above photos of Barnea 's works were taken on Jan 14 , 2006 at the Amalya Arbel Gallery in Yaffo and are published with permission of the artist .
More Yeshurun Barnea 's art here
Van Gogh Pic - a - Pix quilt
Here ’s another application for puzzles , this time to keep us warm .
Unlike some other great grandmothers (! ) , Sylvia Green ( 79 ) remains an active prodigious hobbyist and handcrafter with works ranging from sewing , quilting and patchwork to acrylic and oil paintings .
It was already in the late nineties when Green became an avid fan of picture - logic puzzle and realized how their designs are also perfect as quilting patterns .
Above : Green with her Van Gogh quilt and some closer details .
Van Gogh by Sylvia Green is sized 102x138 cm and is based on solution pattern of a B & W Pic - a - Pix by Conceptis .
Right : Interactive version of the Van Gogh Pic - a - Pix .
Sudoku Confetti Quilt
Other than being a mother of three grown sons , a doll maker , a knitter , a crocheter , an embroiderer , a collector of craft supplies and running her own Etsy crafts shop Mary Pettit from Cicero , USA is also a talented quilter and a Sudoku fan .
Do n't mistake the explosion of color in the above quilt by Pettit for anything random – it is based on a real Sudoku puzzle used as a reference .
The confetti in the border is made of hand dyed fabric .
Via starryhomecrafts ( Flickr )
Bottle cap Sudoku magnets
What ’s more natural than hanging your half - solved Sudoku puzzles in the refrigerator using bottle cap Sudoku magnets ?
Whatyoumacallits is a " mixed - up media " artist and designer from Perth , Australia who runs her own shop on Etsy and makes fantastic little charms from bottle caps .
She created the above bottle cap magnets as a gift for one of her Sudokuholic friends .
Below : detail .
Via whatyoumacallits ( Flickr )
Smart driving with Sudoku license plates
" I love it when fandom drives someone to make the license plate of their car Sudoku " says Joy Natsuko from Indiana USA , who managed to capture this license plate on camera .
Other than being a quick and sharp - eyed photographer Joy also runs her own website about " making connections " at heartfulls.com and a game - dedicated blog at ieatgames .
net .
CAPTCHA math puzzle
We 've all come across those registration forms with curved , warped , almost unreadable letters you need to key in to prove you are human and not a spamming robot .
They are called CAPTCHA ( " Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart " ) and here is one particularly amusing implementation that uses math problems to make sure you qualify as human as you claim you are .
If you do n't believe this is real visit the Quantum Random Bit Generator Service sign up and see for yourself .
Do n't miss the " user - friendly " option in case you do not know the answer to the qualifying question ...
Public pool sign ... or Sudoku hallucination ?
OK .
We are not really sure if this was intentionally designed as a Sudoku grid but being who we are we could n’t stop smiling at this public pool sign in Mallorca taken by Kees de Vos from The Netherlands .
Our smiles turned into loud laughter when we read Vos ’ interpretations titled “ So what do you think these signs mean ? " .
Here is what he says :
1 . Only tall women allowed
2 . No handstands on the water
3 . Blue towels do n't count
4. Unallowed weapons for a bar fight
5 . No bacon on your hamburger
6. Presidential elections voting booth
7 . No bathing suits or tankinis allowed
8. Expect snow showers
9 . No people with freckles
Via devos ( Flickr )
Do you have a story ?
Have a photo or a story about another creative , bizarre or otherwise unexpected way of using logic puzzles ?
Be sure to tell us all about it !
Related articles
Like and share
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
March 17 , 2009 Prison PlanetMarch 17 , 2009
A prominent L.A. Times editorial confuses the political movement of Zionism with semites as a race in an attempt to argue that anti-Zionism is worse than anti-Semitism and should be treated as a hate crime .
The op - ed , written by Judea Pearl , the father of murdered journalist Daniel Pearl , asks in its headline , Is anti-Zionism Hate ?
The question is answered by the sub headline , “ Yes .
It is more dangerous than anti-Semitism , threatening lives and peace in the Middle East . ”
Pearl is a professor at UCLA and the president of the Daniel Pearl Foundation , which includes amongst its honorary members Bill Clinton , the Queen of Jordan and writer Eliezer Wiesel , who has attracted controversy for his support of Jewish terrorist group Irgun and his indifference to historical massacres of Palestinians .
Noam Chomsky criticized Wiesel for once stating , “ I support Israel — period .
I identify with Israel — period .
I never attack , never criticize Israel when I am not in Israel . ”
The L.A . Times article essentially tries to argue that everyone , particularly academia , should adhere to Wiesel ’s mantra and refrain from criticizing the government of Israel and its policies .
It does so by deliberately and underhandedly conflating Jews , Israel and ZIonism into one single entity .
Pearl states that criticism of Zionism is “ discriminatory , ” “ immoral , ” and “ dangerous , ” because it “ rejects the very notion that Jews are a nation — a collective bonded by a common history — and , accordingly , denies Jews the right to self - determination in their historical birthplace . ”
Jews are a nation ?
That ’s news to me – last time I checked Judaism was not a race or a nation , it was a religion .
Very early in the article , Jews , Zionism and Israel have lost all definition and are conflated as one and the same .
[ efoods ]
“ Anti-Semitism rejects Jews as equal members of the human race ; anti-Zionism rejects Israel as an equal member in the family of nations , ” writes Pearl , further conflating Zionism with some kind of biblical legacy by claiming that , “ Jews are a nation first and religion second … .
the unshaken conviction in their eventual repatriation to the birthplace of their history has been the engine behind Jewish endurance and hopes throughout their turbulent journey that started with the Roman expulsion in AD 70 . ”
Again , Pearl ’s agenda is to veil Zionism with the camouflage of Judaism and the country of Israel .
Zionism is not a country and it does not have a biblical history to ally it with Judaism as Pearl attempts to argue .
According to the dictionary definition , Zionism is a “ movement of world Jewry that arose late in the 19th century with the aim of creating a Jewish state in Palestine . ”
It has no connection whatsoever with “ the birthplace of their history ” or “ the Roman expulsion in AD 70 ″ as Pearl claims .
Additionally , labeling Jews as a race is completely asinine .
One can make the case that semites are a race , but even in this case such a definition would include “ any of various ancient and modern people originating in southwestern Asia , ” according to Wikipedia .
In attempting to make the case that Zionism wholly represents Jews as a race of people and Israel as a country , Pearl tries to scoff at and downplay the massive number of Jews who oppose the Zionist political doctrine .
Groups such as Jews Not Zionists , True Torah Jews Against Zionism , and Neturei Karta – Orthodox Jews United Against Zionism , represent a significant number of Jews who make the case that “ The ideology of Zionism is in total opposition to the teachings of traditional Judaism ” .
“ There are in fact many Jewish movements , groups and organizations whose ideology regarding Zionism and the so - called “ State of Israel ” is that of the unadulterated Torah position that any form of Zionism is heresy and that the existence of the so - called “ State of Israel ” is illegitimate , ” according to the JewsNotZionists organization .
As we have vehemently argued , Zionists are attempting to equate anti-Semitism with anti-Zionism as a means of silencing opposition to their brutal political agenda .
This has nothing to do with protecting Jewish people against racism and everything to do with shutting down criticism of the Israeli government and its warmongering policies which , with the support of the U.S. elite , have made life a living hell for both Jews and Muslims in the Middle East for centuries .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Obama administration backs immunity for author of Bush torture memos
By Patrick Martin
9 March 2009
In legal arguments before a federal court in San Francisco Friday , the Obama administration stepped in to defend one of most notorious figures in the Bush administration , John Yoo , author of legal memoranda used to justify torture and indefinite detention without trial as part of the " war on terror . "
The intervention makes clear that the Obama administration opposes any serious effort to shed light on the attacks against democratic rights carried out by its predecessor or to hold any officials of the previous administration accountable for their actions .
Moreover , its court interventions amount to a defense of the Bush administration 's assertions of quasi- dictatorial presidential powers .
Friday 's court hearing before US District Judge Jeffrey
White concerned a civil suit brought by Jose Padilla , the US citizen who was imprisoned without charges for more than three years in a US Navy brig after Bush designated him an " enemy combatant . "
Padilla is now in federal prison , serving a 17 - year sentence after being convicted on trumped - up conspiracy charges that had nothing to do with the sensationalized claims of the Bush administration that he was the leader of a plot to detonate a radioactive " dirty bomb " in an American city .
He has filed suit against numerous Bush administration officials , charging that his detention at the Navy brig , during which he was held in isolation and tortured , violated his constitutional rights .
Yoo is being sued as the author of the legal opinion that upheld the arbitrary presidential authority under which Padilla was being held .
The Bush administration vigorously defended Yoo and the legal opinions he issued and sought to have the case thrown out on the grounds that US government employees cannot be sued for actions taken in the course of their official duties .
Immunity from lawsuits over official acts is an accepted US legal principle , but there is a broad exception for known criminal acts and abuses of power .
Under the precedent set by the Nuremberg Trials after World War II , " just following orders " is not an adequate legal defense , particularly for those who were in a position to give the orders or define how they were to be interpreted .
Yoo 's position in 2001 as an attorney at the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel , which produces the official legal rationale for executive actions , clearly fits that description .
Padilla is not seeking either release from his current imprisonment or significant monetary damages .
His claim against
Yoo , for instance , is for $ 1 , but his suit seeks a declaration from the federal government that his three - year ordeal in the Navy brig was illegal .
" Plaintiffs seek to vindicate their constitutional rights , " his lawyers argue , " and ensure that neither Mr. Padilla nor any other person is treated this way in the future . "
Justice Department lawyers told the court Friday that despite the changeover from Bush to Obama , there would be no change in the legal position of the government in this case .
Their declarations came in response to written questions issued by Judge
White the day before , asking whether the position taken by Yoo 's attorneys had been " fully vetted " by the new administration .
One government lawyer , Mary Mason , told Judge
White that permitting the lawsuit against
Yoo to go forward could make government employees unwilling to do their jobs .
These employees might decide that " I 'm not designating you an enemy combatant , and I 'm not going to interrogate you , because I might get sued , " she argued .
Several memos drafted by Yoo in 2001 and 2002 were released by the Justice Department earlier this week as part of discovery in the lawsuit .
The memos include extraordinary assertions of presidential authority to override the Constitution and the Bill of Rights in the name of the " war on terror , " including suspension of the First and Fourth amendments and the use of the military against civilian targets within the United States .
[ See “ US Justice Department memos : the specter of military dictatorship ” ]
Judge White , appointed to the federal bench by George W. Bush , took Yoo 's assertion of quasi- dictatorial presidential authority far more seriously than the Justice Department lawyers who appeared before them .
He called Yoo 's arguments in one 2001 memorandum " a pretty scary position , " and seemed reluctant to throw out Padilla 's suit , despite Mason 's argument that the torture memorandums had been largely withdrawn before the end of the Bush administration .
The following exchange gives the flavor of the arguments : " We 're not saying we condone torture , " Mason said .
But whether a government lawyer could be sued for condoning torture " is for the executive to decide , in the first instance , and for Congress to decide , " not the courts .
Judge
White asked , " You 're not saying that if high public officials commit clearly illegal acts , a citizen subject to those acts has no remedy in this court ? "
Mason responded by citing the position take by the Bush Justice Department last year that the courts should not interfere in wartime decision - making by the executive branch .
Heather Metcalf , an attorney for Padilla , noted that Yoo had served on the " war council " that set Bush administration policy for the treatment of prisoners , and that one of the specific purposes of his memorandums was to shield officials from future liability for their encroachments on constitutional rights .
" Defendant Yoo , " she said , " must not take refuge in the legal no man 's land that he helped to create . "
After the court session , a Justice Department spokesman , Matt Miller , sought to downplay the political significance of the intervention .
" This administration has made no secret that we disagree with many of the previous administration 's legal policies on national security issues , " he said .
" Nevertheless , we generally defend employees or former employees of the department in litigation filed in connection with their official duties . "
Yoo himself is a completely unrepentant defender of both torture and unchecked executive authority .
In an interview with the Orange County Register , he said that he does n't " think he would have made the basic decisions differently , " adding that he would have polished the arguments more if he had known the memorandums would be made public .
" When you are in the government , you have very little time to make very important decisions , " he said .
" You do n't have the luxury to research every single thing and that 's accelerated in war time . "
Apparently his legal " research " did not include the text of the Constitution , which clearly gives Congress decision - making power over " captures " in wartime , and entirely ignored the Constitution 's Bill of Rights .
The position taken by the Obama administration in the Yoo lawsuit is consistent with its efforts in a whole series of court cases involving national security and democratic rights , where the Obama Justice Department has essentially adopted the Bush administration 's standpoint as its own .
This includes assertion of the " state secrets " privilege to suppress lawsuits against illegal kidnappings by the CIA ( " rendition " ) and illegal surveillance by the National Security Agency .
Last week government lawyers opposed a request for US District Judge Vaughn Walker in San Francisco to consider whether legislation passed last year by Congress goes too far in authorizing blanket legal immunity for telecommunications companies that cooperated in warrantless surveillance of US citizens .
A spokesman for the Justice Department declared the 2008 legislation — for which Senator Barack Obama voted — is " the law of the land , and , as such , the Department of Justice defends it in court . "
So clear is the continuity between the Bush and Obama administrations in this area that the Wall Street Journal published an editorial Friday , headlined , " Obama Channels Cheney , " hailing the new administration 's stand on warrantless wiretapping .
" The Obama Justice Department has adopted a legal stance identical to , if not more aggressive than , the Bush version , " the newspaper 's right - wing editorial board gloated .
One of the things that continuously pisses me off to no end is how capriciously and callously Flickr goes about deleting accounts with no warning .
The latest example comes from Flickr user Shéhérazade .
After paying for a Flickr Pro account and uploading photos to a stream on Flickr that had been visited over 150,000 times , Shéhérazade found that one day her account was in her words , “ deleted without any reason or warning . ”
According to Shéhérazade , when she tried to contact Flickr about the problem , “ Terrence ” from the Flickr Censorship Bureau ( FCB ) told her that her account had been deleted because it included photos that had not been taken by her .
Although at first Shéhérazade had said that all of the photos in her stream were taken by her , she later admitted that 10 of the photos in her stream were not taken by her .
But it turns out that , according to Shéhérazade , those 10 photos were actually of her from a model session that she participated in and she claimed that she had rights to them as the model being photographed .
Now apart from whether or not Shéhérazade actually has legal rights to those photos , what pisses me off here is just that Flickr without warning continues deleting user accounts .
To make matters worse , when Flickr deletes your account it really is gone .
There ’s no going back .
It ’s permanently deleted .
Gone forever .
There ’s no undo .
There ’s no , “ I ’m sorry we accidentally pressed the delete button . ”
Not only are all your photos gone , but thousands of comments left by users throughout the site are also permanently gone .
Same goes for images that they delete from your account , like they ’ve done to me in the past .
Anyways , so Shéhérazade gets pissed of course .
You would be too if your Flickr account were deleted .
So she does what anyone might do , she goes to the Flickr Help Forum to express her dissatisfaction over this and try to get some sort of response from Flickr ( see screenshot above ) .
It should be noted that some of Shéhérazade ’s photos were of a shall we say “ adult ” nature .
But all of her photos had been correctly marked as “ restricted ” by her pursuant to the Flickr rules .
So her response back from Flickr ?
Well the only response she got back in the help forum was a rudely worded message from Flickr Community Manager Heather Champ locking the thread .
Here first response she got back was :
“ Apologies … I ’ve been battling a cold and a little less observant that normal .
This topic is way over heated .
I ’m going to close it for 24 hours to let people chill out .
I would ask that once the topic is re-opened that we dial back the name calling and ugliness towards members and the team . ”
but before the thread could be reopened , Champ then posted this follow up message :
“ I ’ve gone back and had the opportunity to read through the back and forth .
While it might serve to continue to further the discussion , I think that attitude of the OP is n’t something that I want to give a further venue to .
I think it would be better served via 1:1 Help by Email .
As such , I ’m closing this puppy permanently . ”
Now this does n’t really surprise me .
In fact in my own thread the other day where I complained about five of my images being censored ( a museum painting , a sculpture from Beverly Hills , and some screenshots critical of Flickr ) that thread ended up locked as well ( but at least I got Flickr to agree to uncensor 4 of my 5 censored photos ) .
But the point is this .
Flickr should NOT be permanently deleting anyone ’s account .
Especially a paid account .
And especially without warning .
In the event that Flickr really feels that they need to delete an account , I think that they owe it to their customers to first engage in a dialog about the images .
Were there images in Shéhérazade ’s account that were not hers ?
Maybe .
But maybe a perfectly reasonable explanation was that she was the model in the photos and had permission to use them .
Are there photos in your Flickrstream that are not yours ?
I know that I have a few photos in my stream that are not mine .
For instance , this photo of me can’t possibly have been taken by me because I ’m only about 6 months old and clearly was in no position to handle a camera in 1968 .
Should I deserve to have my Flickr account deleted without warning for this ?
Shéhérazade set up a new account on Flickr and posted a single black image in protest of her account deletion a few days ago and the image already has 106 comments on the image , mostly all expressing how much they will miss her work on Flickr .
Gingrich and Hannity think America is hurtling towards socialism , or worse , dictatorship .
Funny that Gingrich and Hannity sure did n’t care when their Republican buddies in the White House and Congress spent the last eight years trashing the US Constitution and the rights of our citizens , all for the “ greater good . ”
That was okay .
But trying to pass legislation to make it easier to forestall a depression , that ’s dictatorship .
So , in a nutshell : Taking rights away from citizens is patriotic , but taking rights away from corporations is dictatorship .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_8FNTrjKlA]
The Republicans in Congress have opposed President Obama 's plans to revive the economy at every turn but do n't seem to have a plan of their own .
Rep. Eric Cantor told NBC's David Gregory that the press was to blame for the perception that the Republicans do n't have a plan .
" The Republicans will have a plan , we had a stimulus plan , the problem with being in the minority , David , is that sometimes your colleagues in the press do n't want to cover the ideas that the minority has , " said Cantor .
Cantor should probably have talked with his buddy , Mitch McConnell who told ABC 's THIS WEEK that the GOP did n't need to have any new ideas .
Stephanopoulos :
But should n't you have to have a comprehensive approach that lays out the trade offs ?
If you just have rifle shot amendments then you do n't have to make all the trade off that you have to make in an overall budget .
McConnell :
Well we 're just sort of getting down in the weeds here on procedure .
Through the amendment process we would absolutely reformulate the Democratic plan .
Whether you have a comprehensive approach or whether you offer an amendment approach is something that parliamentarians can debate .
But the point is , we 're going to have alternatives just like we had alternatives when they offered the massive stimulus package .
We would have spent half as much money .
We would have fixed housing and put money back into the pockets of taxpayers .
So we have offered alternatives all along the way and we will offer numerous alternatives on the budget when it comes up .
So in other words , NO .
They have no proposal and again they 're going to do nothing but obstruct .
Stephanopoulos is right and the GOP 's " rifle shot " approach allows them to take shots at what the Democrats are doing without having to actually say what they would do instead .
Because all their old ideas worked for us , oh - - so - - well .
The Department of Justice and the Free Software Foundation have both jumped into the file - sharing lawsuit against Boston University graduate student Joel Tenenbaum , whose case has already moved from funky to downright bizarre .
The outside parties are most concerned about the issue of statutory damages ; are fines from $ 750 to $ 150,000 per song even legal under the US Constitution , or are they so egregious as to be unconstitutional ?
Such key questions underlie Tenenbaum 's defense , which is headed by professor Charles Nesson of Harvard Law School ( and worked on by his law students ) .
Nesson 's contention is that the statutory damage awards apply only to commercial infringers , not to students swapping songs from their dorm rooms ; that the RIAA lawsuit campaign does n't look like a civil matter , but a criminal matter , and thus private parties should not bring such kinds of litigation ; and that the statutory amounts , if legal , are simply obscene .
The Justice Department disagrees .
In its filing with the court , the DoJ takes aim at Nesson 's major arguments .
First , " the Court should reject Defendant 's invitation to interpret the Copyright Act 's statutory damages provision to apply only to infringers who seek commercial gain " because such an idea is n't supported by either the law itself or by " the history of the Copyright Act , which suggests Congress intended both civil and criminal remedies to be available for infringement even in the absence of commercial gain . "
The DoJ filing even offers a justification for why this is the right way to think about apportioning fines .
" The harms caused by copyright infringement are not negated merely because an infringer does not seek commercial gain , " it says .
" In the context of online media distribution systems , infringement without commercial gain limits a copyright owner ’s ability to distribute legal copies of copyrighted works .
The public in turn suffers from lost jobs and wages , lost tax revenue , and higher prices for honest purchasers of copyrighted works . "
The filing also makes a strong case that statutory damages are certainly a " civil remedy " and that Congress has total freedom to create them ; the mere existence of such rules " does not impermissibly infringe on constitutional powers delegated to the judicial or executive branches . "
As for specific amounts that might be applicable at file - sharing trials , the DoJ has few opinions on the questions , but the government does believe that judicial discretion remains a fair way to handle such lawsuits .
The Free Software Foundation responds
The Free Software Foundation 's main point — that the sheer size of the damage awards in such cases may make them unconstitutional — does n't directly challenge much that the government says .
Instead , it starts from the premise that the $ 750 floor for statutory damages is simply too high .
In copyright infringement cases , the plaintiff can sue for actual damages or statutory damages ( which do n't have to show any relation to actual losses suffered ) .
In music industry litigation , the labels have always sought statutory damages and refrained from speculation about actual losses .
But the FSF thinks that the link between the two is important — indeed , crucial .
The filing points to several court cases in which judges have said as much .
One judge recently noted that statutory damages " cannot be divorced entirely from economic reality , " for instance .
That 's precisely what the FSF says has happened .
" The RIAA 's lost profits in the case of an mp3 file are approximately 35 cents .
Statutory damages of $ 750 to $ 150,000 are obviously divorced from economic reality , and totally out of proportion to actual damages suffered , " says the brief .
Labels have generally justified their approach on the grounds that they literally do not know how much harm was suffered .
Yes , you could say that it might be 99 cents per song , but the whole point of file - sharing apps is to share files with others .
It 's possible that no one else downloaded from the particular machine in question , but it seems pretty likely that at least some people did , and some percentage of this group might also have purchased the song .
The end result ( in their view ) is that widespread harm is being suffered , and it 's tough to quantify just how much can be assigned to each person , but it 's certainly not just a buck a song .
Interesting sidenote for RIAA litigation watchers : the FSF brief was actually submitted by a local lawyer with a Massachusetts law license ... and by Ray Beckerman , the New York attorney who runs recordingindustryvspeople.blogspot.com .
Beckerman is a longtime RIAA scourge ( the group accused him of practicing " vexatious litigation " in late 2008 ) who has criticized both sides in the Tenenbaum case .
" To you law students and young lawyers out there ; please do n't think you can learn anything from this case , " he said last week .
" Just ignore everything you are seeing from both sides .
I have seen more bizarre filings from both sides ' lawyers than I would imagine possible . "
Now , he 's become a part of the circus , too .
Of all the incarnations of Leonard Cohen 's song " Hallelujah " – and there have been many – the X Factor winner 's version will raise the most eyebrows .
One of the greatest songs of all time , it has a long and varied history dating back to 1984 – long before any of the talent show 's remaining finalists were even born .
It had a difficult beginning .
The story goes that Cohen took two years to pen the song , writing at least 80 verses that were eventually distilled into the six that make up his original .
He said : " I filled two notebooks and I remember being in the Royalton Hotel [ New York ] , on the carpet in my underwear , banging my head on the floor and saying , ' I ca n't finish this song . ' "
Thankfully , he did .
Cohen has often recalled meeting Bob Dylan in the Eighties .
Dylan performed " Hallelujah " in concert at the Montreal Forum in 1988 and he asked Cohen how long it had taken him to write it .
Cohen said two years , although it actually took slightly longer ( " I lied because I was ashamed to tell him how long it really took " ) .
When Cohen turned the question back on Dylan , asking him how long " I and I " had taken him to write , Dylan replied : " About 15 minutes . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Though Cohen discarded many verses as he went along , legend goes that 36 verses out of 80 remained .
There were two versions of Cohen 's song , the heavily spiritual first version on his 1984 album Various Positions , and the second , more obviously erotic version , recorded at a live show in 1988 and appearing on his 1994 album Cohen Live .
The later version omitted the biblical references of the original , focusing on the chorus and final lines .
The first was filled with Old Testament references , beginning with King David 's harp - playing to soothe King Saul ( the " chord that David played " ) and his later seduction by Bathsheba .
The title itself is the Hebrew word meaning " glory to the Lord " .
In its six verses it wraps up all the themes pertinent to human existence : love , sex , desire , death , loneliness , weakness , religion , failure , forgiveness , redemption , mercy – and , of course , the act of songwriting itself .
Cohen said of the song : " The song explains that many kinds of hallelujahs do exist , and all the perfect and broken hallelujahs have an equal value .
It 's a desire to affirm my life , not in some formal religious way but with enthusiasm ; with emotion .
I know that there is an eye watching all of us .
There is a judgement that weighs everything we do . "
But the song that became widely accepted as one of the best of all time did not become so via Cohen 's understated original .
When Dylan heard Various Positions , he commented that Cohen 's songs were becoming more like prayers .
The Canadian songwriter had started as a poet and novelist and his original ballad is half - spoken in his deep voice .
But it was a later version by John Cale , a former member of The Velvet Underground , that set the modern template .
Cale had heard Cohen 's new " Hallelujah " in 1988 and asked him to send him all the verses .
Cohen faxed over just 15 .
Cale took Cohen 's sparse gospel - tinged ballad , reordered the verses and arranged the song for piano .
For years ,
Cale sang his version live before making a studio version for the 1991 tribute album I'm Your Fan , which then appeared on his live album Fragments of a Rainy Season a year later and would become Jeff Buckley 's arrangement .
It was Buckley 's version on his 1994 album Grace that took the song into the canon .
It was arguably the highlight of the album .
Injecting the emotion of his trembling multi-octave vocals , the build - up to the line " Love is not a victory march /
It 's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah " is devastating .
Buckley 's death by drowning at the age of 30 would immortalise a now wholly poignant song , and it was Buckley 's " Hallelujah " that was ranked as one of Rolling Stone 's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time , not Cohen's .
And like the best cover versions of other great songs , with the fame Buckley brought " Hallelujah " you 'd almost be forgiven for thinking he was the writer .
Buckley omits two of Cohen 's redemptive verses ; he called his version an ode to " the hallelujah of an orgasm " , even saying : " I hope Leonard does n't hear it . "
He need n't have worried .
Cohen has allegedly acknowledged it to be his favourite version .
" Hallelujah " is not Cohen 's most covered song ; that honour goes to " Suzanne " .
But it has been covered by more than 100 artists in various languages , many of which have made it on to record .
It is also his most famous song thanks to Buckley 's rendition .
That Cohen himself penned two versions of it and had a surplus collection of verses left the song open to interpretation , resulting in the numerous covers that followed .
Rufus Wainwright 's rendition , which emulated the emotive delivery of Buckley 's , though less subtle , and in which he substituted " holy dark " for " holy dove " , brought the song back to the mainstream – and to a new , younger audience – when it featured , believe or not , in the film Shrek .
Wainwright said : " It 's an easy song to sing .
The music never pummels the words .
The melody is almost liturgical and conjures up religious feelings . "
kd lang recorded it on Hymns of the 49th Parallel and still performs it live , while it has become a signature set - closer for Brandi Carlile .
These join Jon Bon Jovi , Kathryn Williams , Allison Crowe , Damien Rice and Willie Nelson .
Bono 's bizarre ambient breakbeat version was recorded for Tower of Song , an all - star tribute to Cohen in 1995 ( featuring covers by Tori Amos , Sting , Suzanne Vega and Willie Nelson ) .
The classical singer Katherine Jenkins includes a version on her album Sacred Arias .
BBC Radio 2 recently marked the 25th anniversary of the first recording of the song .
Presenter Jeremy Vine said : " It is one of those classic songs that is sung better by the people who did n't write it , because it 's so open to interpretation .
For me , I 'd take the Kathryn Williams version over Jeff Buckley 's by a shade .
Best line , ' Like how to shoot somebody who outdrew ya' – and worst probably , ' The fourth , the fifth / The minor fall , the major lift ' because that is so self - consciously a muso referencing his own craft .
We played all the different versions on my show a couple of years back and it took off with the listeners in a big , big way , because the whole scope of the song is awesome : it is in a category of one . "
Cohen 's publicist still gets sent new versions ( the latest in Welsh and Afrikaans ) by musicians hoping to see them passed on to Cohen for approval .
It really is a song of universal appeal .
It 's this ability to tap into the emotions that has led it to become a song to accompany sad moments on television shows .
On the teen soap
The OC it featured three times , including the moment when the beautiful Marissa ( Mischa Barton ) dies in Ryan 's arms .
Cale 's version is on the soundtrack of Scrubs and features in the 1996 film Basquiat .
Many fans of the song will have discovered it via The West Wing .
As for an X Factor special , it sounds about as appropriate as the fans who swayed in a " Sweet Caroline " - esque singalong at Glastonbury .
It 's a song that represents timelessness , and if it means that Buckley 's version , or even Cohen 's original , make their way back up the charts , that can't be a bad thing .
Which are the best and worst cover versions ?
Jimi Hendrix doing ‘ All Along the Watchtower ’ ?
Madonna ’s ‘ America Pie ’ ?
Join the debate by clicking here .
iT IS A CONTINUOUS PROCESS , SPERMS ARE PRODUCED 24 HOURS IN THE BODY .SO IT WILL CONSUME ENERGY REQUIRED FOR IT , STORAGE OF SPERMS IN OTHER WORDS INHIBITING EJACULATION IS NOT POSSIBLE , BESIDES , IT WILL NEITHER HARM OR HELP YOU .
This is part of my RPG series of entries here at SOB .
See the inaugural entry in the series for more details .
Mike Mearls was “ a Lead Developer ” for D&D 4E .
At his personal Weblog , The Keep on the Gaming Lands , he posted I Hate Resistances on Saturday .
Let ’s just ignore the implications of posting something expressing his hate for something on Valentine ’s Day , and focus on what he said , and what I have to say about that .
He said that while he was working on the ( at the time upcoming ) 4th Edition of Dungeons and Dragons , he argued against the inclusion of resistances to energy types in the game .
His reasoning :
Resistances create a disparity in value between energy types , but only if the DM uses a particular mix of monsters .
Fire attacks blow in the campaign that has lots of red dragon and azers , while cold attacks such in an arctic campaign .
Story - wise , resistances mess up intuitive themes .
Take my second example from above .
If you were playing in an Arctic themed campaign , you might think it ’s a cool idea to play an ice wizard .
Well , if you ’re fighting lots of ice creatures , that ’s actually a terrible choice .
The folk of the frozen north should study and use fire magic .
The desert nomads use ice magic .
Sure , you can explain around that , but it ’s a jarring inconsistency .
I ’d rather have the flexibility to do it how I want .
He makes a point worth considering .
It can be frustrating when a character concept is essentially invalidated by the rules as they apply in a given setting .
One might think “ Oh , tough titty — it ’s called ‘ roleplaying ’ .
You play what fits the setting .
If you want to play something that does n’t fit , you suffer the consequences for the sake of your roleplaying experience . ”
On the other hand , he ’s also right about how the setting concept itself might seem to favor using ( for instance ) an ice wizard in an icy setting .
Sure , you could say that it makes more sense in a given setting for fire wizards to be more common in an icy setting , but that does n’t mean there ca n’t be a campaign setting where the opposite is true , too .
Nobody ever promised D&D would be the universal set of FRPG rules , no matter what setting .
Well , I hope not .
If someone did promise such a thing , he or she was wrong to do so .
That ’s not the point of D&D , y’know .
It ’s D&D , not GURPS or Fudge or Fuzion ( or the game I ’m working on right now , which has the working title “ Apotheosis RPG ” ) .
That does n’t mean there is n’t a solution to the problem , though .
Mike Mearls actually says he prefers two possible solutions to the problem .
First , I think it ’s OK if a monster has limited access to damage denial .
Maybe once or twice a combat it can reduce the damage from an appropriately themed attack .
Unfortunately , I ca n’t think of a reasonable , in - game explanation for why that particular rule would apply .
This strikes me as a metagaming approach to “ fixing ” the problem , and seems to fit with the way 4E was designed from end to end .
The game developers focused on game balance so much they forgot about the verisimilitude aspect ; to a nontrivial degree , it seems they just ignored the suspension of disbelief concerns of having to explain why something would play out the way it does in a way that makes sense to the characters .
Why , for instance , would a fire elemental be immune to a Burning Hands spell twice , then suddenly start taking damage ?
It also encourages metagaming on the part of the players to do that ; they stop thinking like their characters ( “ Oh , damn , it ’s a creature made of fire !
I bet it ’s immune to all my fire magic ! ” ) and start thinking like tactical miniatures wargamers ( “ I need to hit it twice with my lowest power fire spell , then unleash a Fireball ! ” )
The way 4E seems like it has been dragged screaming halfway from RPG to tactical miniatures wargame , I guess that ’s not inconsistent — and that ’s basically my point : Mike Mearls ’ first solution strikes me as exactly the kind of thinking that , as far as I ’m concerned , “ broke ” D&D with the release of a new edition in the first place .
For his second option , he offers :
What I ’d prefer , though , are special abilities and bonuses that trigger when you use the “ wrong ” energy type .
Blasting the red dragon with fire hurts it , but it also lets the dragon use its breath weapon again .
Using a cold attack on the frost knight gives him +5 AC for a round .
Blasting a ghoul with necrotic energy gives it an action point .
I like those sort of drawbacks because they make battles more interesting .
You can try to finish the dragon off with your fire attack , but you risk giving it a powerful counter - attack .
You can more easily dial the power of such abilities up or down , whereas resistance in even its weakest form ( resist 5 ) is powerful at low levels and still quite useful at epic .
He ’s right , that it could make battles more interesting .
He ’s also basically playing to the tactical metagaming side of things again , which does n’t really scratch my itch for roleplaying .
Worse , he ’s actually increasing the complexity of playing the game — thus reducing playability — without producing a clear and obvious benefit to the verisimilitude of the rules .
The idea that blasting a red dragon with a Fireball lets it blast you back ( if it lives ) with a breath weapon it would n’t otherwise get to use does n’t help my suspension of disbelief , and seems a little counterintuitive .
This is sort of the opposite of a problem with his first solution .
In the first solution , creatures made of fire do n’t make sense , because there ’s no reasonable explanation for why they ’d suddenly stop being immune to fire .
In the second solution , creatures not made of fire do n’t make sense , because there ’s no reasonable explanation for why they ’d both take damage and get stronger .
At least there ’s some reason to believe a fire elemental could get stronger from getting hit with fire weapons ( ignoring for the moment the weirdness that they still take damage ) .
I think this entire approach to trying to fix a problem with game balance under non-mainstream circumstances is very shortsighted , though .
Mike Mearls looks at the situation , sees that innate energy resistance can make it difficult to damage the majority of creatures in a setting that seems to mandate the sort of magics that are least effective in battling those creatures , and decides that the problem is energy resistance .
As a result , he comes up with these convoluted “ solutions ” to the problem that may not really solve the problem at all , and introduce more problems of their own .
He does n’t bother to even consider that there are other factors that play into the game imbalance issue .
I , for one , would have looked at the other obvious part of the immediate problem , at least , even if I did n’t start considering less obvious factors .
I speak of the magics themselves .
Sure , a Fireball is less effective against a fire creature with fire resistance — and fire wizards seem to have an obvious place in a fire - dominated setting .
That does n’t mean that a Fireball ( or Burning Hands , or anything else ) necessarily has to be one ’s only recourse .
Maybe the problem is a lack of fire spells that are n’t limited by fire resistance .
For instance . . . a spell that actually steals heat and flame from something to empower something else could be a very effective weapon .
Think Enervation , only limited to fire - based targets , and with the side - effect of charging some other capability , or otherwise producing another effect .
That ’s off the top of my head .
I ’m sure there are millions of other spells that could be added to a fire wizard ’s repertoire .
Maybe the problem is n’t energy resistance ( which has a high level of value for maintaining suspension of disbelief ) , but the versatility of fire magic .
Improving that versatility could also help improve the verisimilitude of your game .
That ’s certainly an aspect of supernatural effects such as magic , psionics , et cetera , that I ’ll keep in mind while working on ( working title ) Apotheosis RPG .
Too bad the 4E guys did n’t think that way .
Instead , they thought about how many spells they could cut out of a game , and how much they could force spellcasting to focus on direct damage - dealing combat effects — and how much they could make swinging a sword act and casting a spell play out exactly the same way , for that matter .
Tactical play concerns trumped everything , I guess .
Is it any wonder I prefer Pathfinder RPG ?
The Pentagon said Thursday that it intends to spend $ 400 million to develop a giant dirigible that will float 65,000 feet above the Earth for 10 years , providing unblinking and intricate radar surveillance of the vehicles , planes and even people below .
“ It is absolutely revolutionary , ” Werner J.A. Dahm , chief scientist for the Air Force , said of the proposed unmanned airship -- describing it as a cross between a satellite and a spy plane .
The 450 - foot - long craft would give the U.S. military a better understanding of an adversary ’s movements , habits and tactics , officials said .
And the ability to constantly monitor small movements in a wide area -- the Afghanistan - Pakistan border , for example -- would dramatically improve military intelligence .
“ It is constant surveillance , uninterrupted , ” Dahm said .
“ When you only have a short - time view -- whether it is a few hours or a few days -- that is not enough to put the picture together . ”
Advertisement
The project reflects a shift in Pentagon planning and spending priorities under Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates , who has urged the military services to improve intelligence and surveillance operations while cutting high - tech weaponry costs .
If successful , the dirigible -- the brainchild of the Air Force and the Pentagon ’s research arm -- could pave the way for a fleet of spy airships , military officials said .
However , it marks the return to a form of flight that has stirred anxiety and doubt since the 1937 Hindenburg disaster .
Thirty - six people were killed when that airship went up in flames in New Jersey .
The military has used less - sophisticated tethered blimps -- called aerostats -- to conduct surveillance around military bases in Iraq .
But flying at 65,000 feet , the giant airship would be nearly impossible to see , beyond the range of any hand - held missile , and safe from most fighter planes .
Advertisement
And its range would be such that the spy craft could operate at the distant edges of any military theater , probably out of the range of surface - to - air missiles as well .
The Air Force ’s intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance abilities have improved dramatically in the last five years with the expansion of the Predator and other drones .
Although such craft can linger over an area for a long time , they do not watch constantly .
The giant airship ’s military value would come from its radar system .
Giant antenna would allow the military to see farther and with more detail than it can now .
“ Being able to observe threats [ and ] understand what is happening is really the game - changing piece here , ” Dahm said .
Advertisement
The dirigible will be filled with helium and powered by an innovative system that uses solar panels to recharge hydrogen fuel cells .
Military officials said those underlying technologies -- plus a very lightweight hull -- were critical to making the project work .
“ The things we had to do here were not trivial ; they were revolutionary , ” said Jan Walker , a spokeswoman for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , the Pentagon ’s research arm .
The Air Force has signed an agreement with DARPA to develop a demonstration dirigible by 2014 .
The prototype will be a third as long as the planned surveillance craft -- known as ISIS , for Integrated Sensor
Is the Structure , because the radar system will be built into the structure of the ship .
While the military says the craft is closer to a blimp than a zeppelin -- which has a rigid external structure -- officials usually call the project an airship .
Blimps get their shape from helium gas pressure .
Advertisement
The Pentagon has not yet awarded a contractor to build the prototype .
Earlier work was done by Northrop Grumman in Redondo Beach -- as well as Baltimore and other locations -- and by Lockheed Martin in Palmdale , Calif . ; Akron , Ohio ; and Denver .
--
julian.barnes@latimes.com
CHICAGO 
The 250 workers who staged a December sit-in at a Chicago window factory to protest losing their jobs were celebrating Thursday , after another window manufacturer announced plans to reopen the plant and start hiring back the displaced workers within months .
The sale of what had been Republic Windows and Doors to a California company , Serious Materials , for $ 1.45 million , was completed in bankruptcy court this week , with company officials promising United Electrical Workers Local 1110 to rehire all the laid - off workers at their former rate of pay .
Image Armando Robles , left , and Melvin Maclin , workers at the window factory who are to be rehired .
Credit ... Amanda Rivkin for The New York Times
“ We see this opportunity to expand our operations in direct relation to the stimulus package , which includes the greening of federal buildings and the weatherization assistance program , ” said Sandra Vaughan , the chief marketing officer for Serious Materials , which also manufactures energy - efficient windows and building products in Boulder , Colo . , and Vandergrift , Pa .
Support for taxing and regulating marijuana has climbed above 50 % on the West Coast , according to a national poll of 1,053 registered voters .
The poll was conducted by Zogby International and was commissioned by California NORML and Oakland 's Oaksterdam University .
marijuana plants ( photo from US Fish and Wildlife Service via Wikimedia )
The poll found that 58 % of West Coast respondents agreed that marijuana should be " taxed and regulated like alcohol and cigarettes . "
Only 36 % of West Coast respondents disagreed .
On the East Coast , 48 % supported legalizing marijuana .
In the south and central US , support fell to 37 % .
Overall , 44 % of respondents nationwide agreed that pot should be taxed and regulated .
That 's roughly in line with a CBS / New York Times poll earlier this month that found 41 % of Americans favored legalizing marijuana , up from just 27 % in 1979 .
That , said national NORML executive director Allen St. Pierre , is a good thing .
" Public support for replacing the illicit marijuana market with a legally regulated , controlled market similar to alcohol , complete with age restrictions and quality controls , continues to grow , and appears to have achieved majority support on the West Coast -- where many voters are already familiar with the state - licensed use and , in some cases , sale of medical cannabis , " he said .
" As voters and legislators continue to look for alternative ways to raise tax revenue for public services and reduce law enforcement costs in this troubled economy , we expect the public 's support for taxing and regulating cannabis to continue to grow -- not just on the West Coast , but nationwide . "
The city looks different when you have a pocket full of magnets .
Bricks , concrete , glass and anything containing organic matter recede into the background , leaving only metal .
So what Matt Feeney and Harrison Nealey see are dumpsters , light poles , air conditioners , electrical boxes and LOADING ONLY signs .
Even in the dark , they scan the length of Platte Street and visually omit the surfaces of non-magnetic aluminum and plastic / alloy composites , automatically ignore objects that may be metal but are too obvious and boring to be worth the effort .
Instead , they give high - fives to water meters , flick wrists toward balconies and brush palms against newspaper boxes , leaving a trail of " art tags " — flat magnets featuring original works by assorted artists , official signs that the Magnet Mafia was here .
Inside Paris on the Platte , they stand amid the late - night clamor of cigarette smoke and unfulfilled nihilism , Matt smiling like a birthday cake , Harrison not , chatting with each other about spots they can hit , spots they should n't hit , and spots they'd hit if they only had the balls and maybe some kind of construction crane .
Harrison looks around , then snaps his hand in an upward motion like he 's signaling to someone in the other room .
But no one is watching as the magnet he just flipped flies up and sticks to the air duct .
He orders a coffee and nods toward the ceiling .
" This is actually the first spot the Magnet Mafia ever got up on , " Harrison says .
It was in the spring of 2006 .
" And we were so nervous , " Matt recalls , laughing .
" We were sitting at that table , like , ' Is anybody looking ?
Is the coast clear ?
Okay , go ! Go ! ' "
Since that time , the Magnet Mafia has become a household name in Denver 's low - to - the - ground cultural scene , and many artists have joined the growing network .
Magnets have proved the perfect way for Matt and Harrison to meld their love of graffiti and street art with their support for the arts community , both local and global .
" It 's not really graffiti , " Harrison explains .
" It 's art that 's in the street .
You can leave it or you can remove it .
You can take it home , you can sell it , or you can hang it up somewhere else . "
But first you have to find it .
Most magnets are placed where they can easily be plucked off by a passerby , but Matt and Harrison also seek out spots that offer maximum visibility and hang time .
Behold the underpass where 15th Street dunks below the railroad tracks :
The pine - green side of the bridge presents a perfect billboard for descending motorists .
" What do you think ? " Harrison asks .
Beneath his arm , Matt has a magnet the size of a poster rolled into a tube .
" It 's perfect , " he answers , " but ... "
The pause says this :
To get to the spot , someone will have to shimmy across the ledge of a huge I - beam , similar to the one above the South Platte River that Harrison traversed last year in order to hang a magnet .
While a fall from there would have meant getting wet ( or worse ) , if you slip up above 15th , it 's nothing but thirty feet and concrete dreams .
Plus , there 's a street sweeper circling the darkened strip below like some kind of freaky shark .
" ... it's pretty fucking gnarly , " he concludes .
After some heavy consultation during which Matt confesses a fear of heights that developed upon his graduation from Dakota Ridge High School , Harrison is up on the I - beam , crouching awkwardly .
When a wave of headlights passes beneath him , he freezes like a gargoyle in a hoodie , only to reanimate moments later and continue along his plodding mission .
The magnet goes up .
It 's a piece of art that the friends created at an event at Vinyl , an abstract , suitable for framing , and a complete mystery to the random observer who might spot it .
Still , it seems to fit with the nearby Museum of Contemporary Art and the towering Millennium Bridge .
And really , given the subjectivity of art , what 's the difference between a painting inside a museum and a piece outside on a wall ?
If the piece on the wall is graffiti , the answer is a felony — and ever - increasing penalties for vandalism in Denver have made it much less inviting to act on the tagger impulse .
But if the piece on the wall is magnetic art ?
" We actually try not to focus on it being removable graffiti or safe graffiti because it's not as illegal , " Matt says .
" We more want to show that it 's just another way of getting up on the streets .
But , yeah , having a loophole to getting busted is a nice by - product of that . "
When two magnets of the same pole are pushed close , they fly apart .
But flip one around and they stick together .
Opposites attract .
Harrison is tall , black , good - looking and exceedingly mellow , with a voice like a sleepy DJ on a smooth - jazz station .
Matt possesses the kind of whiteness usually encountered only at evangelical mega-churches , as well as an ADD - tinged affability that makes it seem like nothing in the world is stoking him more than what you 're saying right now .
Harrison does n't drink or do drugs ; Matt partakes .
They are best friends , but they describe their relationship more as that of two " nemesi " or " frienemies . "
Both are in their mid-twenties and , according to an unscientific survey of their peers , considered cool guys who people like .
This is important , because the lion 's share of their notoriety has come through friend - making campaigns both on MySpace and in real space , and their success through an ability to collaborate across a wide spectrum of visual - art disciplines .
Their latest and most geographically ambitious project is a magnet exchange with artists in Austria .
The scheme came to them through Alicia Bailey , who has a studio on Santa Fe Drive where she specializes in crafting highly conceptual handmade books .
Alicia is a member of Spondere , a small art collective of like - minded women , and several members traveled to Vienna in December to hang magnets painted by Denver locals .
While three middle - aged women dressed in scarves and berets and creeping through European alleyways may not seem like stereotypical American street artists , their campaign earned newspaper headlines about the " Bilder - Anschläge der Magnet - Mafia , " which translates roughly to " a Magnet Mafia art attack . "
To return the favor , Matt and Harrison plan to decorate Denver with magnets crafted by their German - speaking counterparts .
Right now , the tile - sized Austrian strips are still in a stack on Matt 's countertop , where Harrison sits carefully snipping the edges off some hand - painted magnets sent by OhNo , a street artist in West Virginia .
Matt then places small stickers on the back with their logo and website , www.magnetmafia.com, so that people who find the magnets can share their discoveries online , preferably with photos .
But first , the Magnet Mafia coordinates with individual artists and collectives around the country to make the original magnet art .
" This is amazing to me , " Matt says .
" We 've got artists who will sit down and actually put in the time to do stuff like this .
They send us packs of their own little stickers and artwork ; we put anything that people send us straight on the magnet and get them up in Colorado . "
Eventually , they 'd like the Magnet Mafia to be organized enough that artists from around the globe can engineer trades without having to go directly through them .
As Matt explains it , " They talk through our Internet platform and say , ' Okay , I 'll send out twenty of my pieces and you send twenty to me , and we 'll put each other 's stuff up in different cities . ' "
In this city , Matt lives in Highland , in an old two - story house that 's been in a stalled remodel since he purchased it four years ago .
The kitchen is all high - end granite and stainless steel , but the rest of the place is more or less gutted , giving it a warehouse - like feel that 's perfect for an art studio .
Tags and other scribblings adorn the bare rafters and wall studs ; someone has written the words " stairway , " " to " and " heaven " on the vertical risers of a set of steps that read from the top as " heaven to stairway . "
The Magnet Mafia name was inspired by a discovery in the basement .
When Matt was tearing some shelves out down there , he discovered a secret vault .
The concrete door to the chamber was a foot thick and set on hefty hinges from the turn of the last century .
" We found all of these documents and newspapers from the 1920s , " Matt says .
" Then I looked up some records and figured out that this was the house where the Smaldone family lived . "
The Smaldones got their start bootlegging during Prohibition , then moved on to gambling and loan - sharking , a criminal enterprise they ran out of the original Gaetano 's , just six blocks away from Matt 's new house .
By the time he made his discovery , the Smaldone family had long been out of the crime business and Gaetano 's had moved into the hands of the Wynkoop Restaurant Group .
Matt had his own business , a small mortgage company ( this was before the subprime loan crisis gutted the market ) , and Harrison was helping out in his home office .
It was basically a two - man operation , and they spent much of their downtime talking about graffiti and street art and cooking up the idea of a magnet crew .
The house 's backstory was so cool that they decided to co-opt it for the name of their new art enterprise .
The two had known each other since middle school in Littleton .
At Dakota Ridge , they 'd discovered a shared interest in art and design and often teamed up on extra-curricular projects , like tricking out Matt 's car or creating comics making fun of each other and hanging them around the school for the amusement of friends .
" Matt was a Goody Two - shoes when I first met him , " Harrison says .
" He would n't even cuss ! "
" I would n't even cuss , " Matt concurs .
But getting emancipated at seventeen from his parents , who'd gone through a divorce , and then spending a few years working at a skateboard shop cured him of that .
The friends drifted apart in their early twenties —
Harrison trying a few years of college , Matt working for a marketing firm in California .
Then Matt moved back and became Mr. Broker , all the while daydreaming about graffiti .
" But it would n't have been that fun getting arrested and having to explain to my real - estate clients why I 'm out spray - painting other properties , " he points out .
Harrison had been working for fabrication and signage companies and had knowledge of other materials that could work on the street , such as industrial magnet sheeting often used for advertisements placed on the sides of vehicles .
" And we put the two together , " Matt remembers .
" You could do the artwork right on the magnets .
So we were able to incorporate not only our own style , but all the other mixed mediums and put it on top of another medium covered with vinyl that can adhere to acrylics , screen prints or posters , then put it out on the streets in a new way . "
In his house are boxes filled with fresh rolls of industrial - grade magnetic sheeting .
Fifty feet goes for about $ 150 online , and the sheets are easily cut into ready - made canvases to adorn at concerts , fundraisers , even poetry slams .
In less than two years , they estimate , over 5,000 Magnet Mafia pieces have gone up on the streets of Denver , ranging from the size of a quarter to a six - foot - long ray gun they slapped on a bridge awning .
At an event called AfroBlu , they did a picture of Malcolm X to mark his assassination ; another work — spread over several pieces — depicted Matt and Harrison riding spray - paint cans like rodeo cowboys .
They borrowed a thirty - foot ladder to put it on the wall above a LoDo parking lot .
Most of their art is rough , chaotic .
" We do n't really take it too serious , " Matt says .
" It 's hard for me to paint without people around .
I like distractions ; I like people to talk to , wondering what you 're doing .
If I 'm by myself , I think about it too much .
It 's cool because we get to meet people , types of people we would never have met . "
Some of the collaborations go better than others .
" That 's one of the crazy things when we paint , " Matt says .
" A lot of times one of us will hate it and the other will love it .
And then we start throwing paint at each other . "
" Usually it 's because Matt will want me to turn it into something too fast and he'll , like , write some shit in there , " Harrison explains .
" He stresses , " says Matt .
" We have a really interesting relationship , " Harrison adds .
" He pisses me off ; I piss him off .
Half the time we 're just yelling at each other . "
" Yeah , " Matt says .
" But that 's just because we 're friends enough that we can say something like , ' That idea sucks ; I hate that , ' and it 's not being critical . "
Harrison acknowledges that the two are " not the freshest painters in the world . "
The purpose of the Magnet Mafia is not to be the freshest , though , but to build a platform that builds a scene .
And since they embarked on their magnetized adventure , Matt and Harrison have connected with countless creative subgroups across town , involving everyone from dancers to photographers to musicians to political activists to fashion designers .
They have a little trouble explaining just how this came about .
" We 're just down to get involved , that 's all , " says Matt .
" We 're not trying to get so unique or exclusive .
We just want to share art and have people share with us . "
" We 're just part of the community , " Harrison says , " and we 're trying to help bring the community up . "
And to get up , you 've got to get down .
Kym Bloom was confused when she got what seemed like a threatening e-mail on October 5 .
" Our company the Downtown Denver Partnership found several of your magnets this morning and as you probably know it is illegal to put these up on public utilities ( signs , electrical , news boxes , light poles , and so on ) , " it read .
" Our company , the police , and other law enforcement has kept track of the ' Magnet Mafia ' over the years and are fed up with all forms of graffiti .
So please stop this behavior .
Consider this your warning because the police will not take this lightly if caught . "
Bloom , a local artist who helps run the Kanon Collective gallery , had placed magnets of her work downtown as part of last October 's Denver Arts Week , a celebration of culture organized by the Denver Metro Convention & Visitors Bureau .
" It made me nervous that they had my name and I was going to go in some database , like I 'm some renegade graffiti artist out to destroy downtown with my hideous magnets or something , " says Bloom .
" I thought the whole idea of the Magnet Mafia was this was a type of funky graffiti that did n't damage anybody 's property .
People could just peel it off and take it with them , sort of like spreading artwork . "
The e-mail came from Erik Helgeson , a 26 - year - old service representative with the Downtown Denver Partnership , the private group funded by downtown businesses that helps maintain , improve and promote that part of town .
The Partnership spends an estimated $ 95,000 a year for private contractors to clean up graffiti ; in 2007 , they dealt with 9,132 pieces .
And after those contractors spotted hundreds of magnets downtown , Helgeson says , the Partnership looked for the artists ' names , and then " we contacted them to let them know it 's illegal . "
But who says it 's illegal to hang magnets in Denver ?
In the summer of 2006 , an undercover cop dressed as a homeless person spotted Harrison placing a magnet on an electrical box on the side of a building in Capitol Hill .
Harrison was arrested and charged with trespassing ( the box was considered to be on private property ) and " posting unauthorized posters . "
He spent thirty hours in jail before he could reach Matt to come bail him out .
But when his case came up for a hearing , the city attorney took one look at the file and immediately dismissed the posting charge ; Harrison pleaded guilty to misdemeanor trespass .
Helgeson 's e-mail to the contrary , Detective George Gray of the Denver Police Department 's Graffiti Unit says he'd never heard of the Magnet Mafia before being contacted by Westword .
His unit is focused on taking down major graffiti crews and tagger gangs , not arresting people who make art on magnets .
" Since there is obviously no damage , you 'd pretty much say , ' Hey , take that down , ' " he explains .
" As far as my position , I do n't see that as being illegal , or my job to enforce — except for the trespassing thing , if they had to cross onto private property to do it . "
Over at the Crime Prevention and Control Commission , the city agency charged with managing anti-graffiti policy , they 're more familiar with the work of the Magnet Mafia .
" Yeah , they 've been seen around town , " says spokewoman Neddra Niblet .
" They 've been taken down . "
But city ordinances define graffiti as markings posted on property without consent by means of " painting , spray painting , drawing , etching , carving , scratching or any similar method . "
There 's no mention of magnets .
" I 'm kind of struggling with exactly where the magnets fall , " says Denver Department of Public Works spokeswoman Ann Williams after Niblet refers further questions to that agency .
Public
Works often deals with fliers and advertisements for concerts or businesses that are hung without permission , Williams says , adding that she needs to ask around for the policy regarding magnets .
Another Public Works spokeswoman soon calls with that information .
" Unless it 's an advertisement or it interferes with a traffic sign , we 're not going to take enforcement steps , " Revekka Balancier says .
" The law says the unlawful poster will be liable for the cost of removal , and in this case , there is no cost of removal , so we would most likely leave it be . "
But the Downtown Denver Partnership holds to its darker view of the Magnet Mafia .
" They 're very organized , " says operations manager Don Pesek .
" They put their little number on the back of their magnet , and they have their little website , and they 're very proud of defacing public property . "
While Pesek acknowledges that magnets do far less physical damage than standard graffiti , he insists that magnet removal comes at a cost .
" Particularly when someone has to get up on a ladder or get the bucket truck to remove a magnet that 's way up high , " he says .
" And it 's still visual pollution .
I mean , when you 're driving down and you see this scribbling , it 's still , I feel , offensive to the community . "
Apparently , no one explained to the Partnership that last fall 's offensive magnet influx was part of Denver Arts Week .
Jayne Buck , vice president of tourism for the Denver Metro Convention & Visitors Bureau , organized the seven - day arts celebration ; to help promote the project , her office coordinated with Rodney Wallace , a " real innovative " artist and Magnet Mafia member .
" His idea was art infestation , " Buck remembers , " and he wanted to put art in public places or just at random and make sure that Denver was seen filled with art . "
The visitors ' bureau , which is funded largely from the lodger 's tax collected by the city ( $ 12.5 million last year ) , spent a total of $ 98,351 marketing Denver Arts Week ( using the unfortunate slogan " Be a Tourist in Your Own Town , " as though art were n't a part of everyday life ) .
Much of the money went to billboards promoting the Denver Art Museum 's Louvre exhibit , Buck says ; she estimates the project got another $ 344,412 from in - kind donations through such media sponsors as CBS4 and the Denver Newspaper Agency .
" The goal was that we would n't expend tons of advertising dollars , that we would use grassroots and PR efforts , with minimal investment in the first year , knowing that this would be something that the arts community would benefit from , " she adds .
That meant that individual artists and arts organizations were left to do much of their own marketing .
Wallace organized what he calls a " massive throwdown " by artists , who started placing magnets of their work at Union Station and worked their way up the 16th Street Mall .
" I used the magnets as a serious marketing tool , " he explains .
Wallace thinks it 's ironic that artists were slapped for participating in a city - subsidized project , but it does n't surprise him .
" The city in general has disconnects all over the place , " he says .
" They know that cultural tourism is a huge business .
They want to fill up the hotels and tourism spots .
But we know that to be a Denver artist do n't mean shit unless Denver art means something . "
And the Partnership is still confused .
" I do n't understand how this can be considered art , " Pesek says .
" Maybe the drawing on the magnets might be considered art , so put it in a forum where art can be appreciated — not up high on a light pole . "
It 's like throwing a pizza , " Harrison says .
" Then you feel it stick up top and it 's really satisfying . "
The Denver Skatepark is dark and empty — except for Matt and Harrison flipping magnets up to the underside of the metal gazebo .
It 's a place where they think the magnets have a chance to be seen before the " purple shirts " — the crews wearing purple polos who clean downtown — take them down and throw them away .
Matt and Harrison do n't see themselves as rebels .
They praise the Hickenlooper administration for cultivating the arts .
They are as excited as anyone about the fancy new museums , because a more artistic Denver means a Denver with more street art .
Now if only the city would recognize that street art is art .
" It sucks when the city is n't being awesome about street art , " Matt says .
" By cultivating art in general , you are actually cultivating more people who could have a passion for street art .
And with magnets , anybody can join in . "
They say that Hickenlooper , who early on touted Richard Florida 's Rise of the Creative Class and Denver 's status as a creative city , should understand this :
Street art , including top - notch graffiti , is n't an indicator of a lack of areas for people to showcase art , but rather an indicator of their abundance .
Denver has seen numerous street - art groups come and go .
Various wheat - paste posters , stencils and sidewalk paintings can be spotted around town .
A few years ago , the artists known as " Caul " would string together black wooden cutouts of birds and fling them onto telephone wires .
More recently , a guerrilla crocheting crew called the Ladies Fancywork Society has been knitting yarn around light poles , bike racks and car antennas .
But it 's the magnets that are really taking off .
Yummies member Ray Young Chu , who painted magnets for the Austrian exchange and has done other guerrilla art campaigns promoting his work , feels that street art in Denver is misunderstood .
" We are really trying to beautify the earth , " he explains .
" We try to put something up that makes people smile or think a little bit .
We do n't have the money or support to pay for huge billboards or advertisements .
It 's done because it 's really fun to be out in the streets doing that and expressing yourself . "
There 's just so much to express — and sometimes the message is the medium .
" As far as concepts or ideas for things we have put out in the street , we 've barely even started , " Harrison says .
" We 've barely even touched the two - dimensional stuff .
Just imagine if there were a row of shoes walking up the side of that building , the soles embedded with magnets .
Or a crazy vine with a big -ass flower hanging off of it .
What the fuck is that ?
Why is it there ?
There is just so much expression in that .
It makes people think more . "
And here 's what Matt is thinking , as the snow falls down and the magnets go up : " I hate those dancing aliens . "
He 's talking about Borofsky 's " Dancers " sculpture in front of the Denver Performing Arts Complex .
" It 'd be cool to paint some big ol ' , old - school Nikes on them , " he says .
" We should call up the Ladies Fancywork Society and see if they can knit some up , " Harrison offers .
" They 'd have to go on quickly so we could get out of there . "
" That 's why we 'd use magnets , to attach them around the back . "
" The aliens need some high - tops ! "
But before they can really focus on " Dancers , " Matt and Harrison will be displaying the Austrian magnets on March 1 at Matter Studio , then taking them to the streets , where everyone can enjoy them .
They 're already working on similar magnet swaps with artists in North Carolina , New York and London .
Get enough magnets out there , they say , and pretty soon all sorts of opposites will find themselves stuck together .
The Web 2.0 movement , which ushered in an interactive Internet , sought to put power in the hands of the people by tapping the so - called wisdom of the crowds to change the world - and to keep such a digital democracy in check .
A decade later , as defamation lawsuits have begun to mount , some are questioning the wisdom of the crowds , and wondering if it has n't turned into mob rule .
" I do n't know why this has taken so long , " said Andrew Keen , author of a controversial book , " The Cult of the Amateur : How Today 's Internet is Killing Our Culture . "
" The Internet is a culture of rights rather than responsibilities .
We have no coherent theory of digital responsibility .
The issue has broken through , broken out of Silicon Valley - now it affects real people with real reputations to defend . "
Just last week , Juicy Campus - a
Web site that was banned from some colleges for its postings of vicious anonymous gossip - abruptly shut down , its traffic redirected to a site called College Anonymous Confession Board , whose owner said he hosts " a higher level of discourse . "
Juicy Campus was losing ad revenue because of the bad economy , founder Matt Ivester said in a blog post , but the site also had been scrutinized by several state attorneys general and had some of its posters sued last year by a University of Delaware student who wanted gossip about herself removed from the site .
She later dropped the claims .
Ivester could not be reached for comment .
Yelp at center of debate
Meanwhile , the review site Yelp , based in San Francisco , has found itself in the crosshairs of the free e-speech debate .
Yvonne Wong , a pediatric dentist in Foster City , recently sued Los Altos couple Tai Jing and Jia Ma after they criticized her treatment of their son in a posting on Yelp .
They questioned her use of laughing gas and said they were angry she had used fillings containing mercury .
Wong 's lawyer , Marc TerBeek of Oakland , said the review is false , and Yelp has since taken it down .
TerBeek initially included
Yelp in the lawsuit , but later removed the site from the filing because he realized that under current federal law governing speech on the Internet , Web sites themselves are greatly protected from being held responsible for users ' comments .
Legal scholars have started to ask whether that law - the Communications Decency Act - should be modified , on the grounds that it allows too much irresponsible speech .
" We may put our photos on Flicker and our e-mail on Google and our personal experiences on Facebook , " said Brewster Kahle , who founded the Internet Archive , a nonprofit digital library in San Francisco .
" But who 's responsible for this content ?
If you want things to go away , does it really ? "
The number of people getting sued over online speech , although small , is rising sharply , according to statistics from the Citizen Media Law Project at Harvard 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society .
Civil lawsuits nearly doubled in 2006 and rose again in 2007 by another 68 percent .
Data for 2008 are not available , but more cases filed during these years are being uncovered every day , said Sam Bayard , the project 's assistant director .
Defamation claims
Most of the lawsuits claim defamation - false statements of fact that tend to hurt someone 's reputation - and involve content published on some of the Web 's biggest sites : Google , Yahoo , Craigslist and others .
Californians who get sued over something they 've posted online are protected by a state anti-SLAPP law ( Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation ) .
While the law does not permit libel , it does protect people who speak out on matters of public interest , including protection of consumers , said Mark Goldowitz , an attorney who founded the California anti-SLAPP Project in Berkeley .
Goldowitz , who represents the defendants in Wong 's suit , said he 's asked that the suit be dismissed .
He said dentists and other professionals are especially thin - skinned about online reviews and are prone to sue , even though they are finding that lawsuits are not the best way to resolve these disputes .
Consider Steven Biegel , a San Francisco chiropractor who recently settled a suit against a former patient , Christopher Norberg , after Norberg used Yelp to criticize Biegel 's billing practices .
Biegel 's
Yelp page has since been littered with negative comments about his practice and about his decision to sue Norberg from people he said he 's never treated .
" It 's called flaming , " Biegel said , " bombarding someone with negativity .
It 's an unfortunate chink in the system . "
He said he has n't talked to Yelp about the bad reviews , although they bother him , because he figures there 's nothing he can do .
He expects to drop his Yelp sponsorship .
A Yelp spokeswoman said Yelp has automated software that removes untrustworthy reviews , and that business owners can also flag these reviews and ask Yelp to take them down .
Concerned over the direction the free - wheeling Web has taken , some site owners are tightening their rules on what they will allow online .
OpenTable in San Francisco , a site that takes reservations for local restaurants , started publishing reviews of the establishments in September .
But the reviews must be current , and only diners who have actually eaten at a restaurant are allowed to write about it , said Scott Jampol , OpenTable 's senior director of marketing .
That 's to prevent both diners and restaurant owners from trying to game the system .
" It should n't be the wild , wild West out there , " Jampol said .
Real names required
Angie 's List , a subscription service that lets people review local businesses , requires reviewers to use their real names and has started allowing businesses to respond to reviews .
" I think it 's going to be more and more complicated to decipher who you can trust , " said Andy Chen , the CEO of Buzzillions , a Web site in San Francisco that aggregates reviews of hundreds of consumer products written by people who are required to use the products first .
" There will be tons of experimentation , and you 'll start to see the winning models . "
Advocates of unfettered speech , like Bayard , oppose changes in the Communications Decency Act because Web site operators might feel forced to take content down , and that could harm " a lively public debate . "
In Technology
" We 're very happy " : College administrators and many students relieved about site 's shutdown .
C2
In the world of Philip Pullman ’s fantasy series His Dark Materials , each human being is accompanied everywhere by their daemon , an intelligent animal - shaped spirit that is the outward manifestation of their soul .
When Pullman ’s heroine , Lyra , meets a boy who ’s been severed from his daemon by a cruel experiment , her reaction is one of disgust and horror :
Her first impulse was to turn and run , or to be sick .
A human being with no daemon was like someone without a face , or with their ribs laid open and their heart torn out : something unnatural and uncanny that belonged to the world of night - ghasts , not the waking world of sense .
There are no daemons in our world , but we atheists often face a similar situation .
We have the ability to arrive at a code of ethics without the dubious help of revelation , basing our moral decisions on reason and a sense of empathy for our fellow human beings .
But still , far too often , we meet believers who insist that this is impossible .
They ’re used to following a code of rules handed down by authority – by a text , or by other religious believers – and have become so accustomed to obeying that they literally believe it ’s not possible to come up with an ethical code on your own .
They ’ve lost the capacity even to imagine how this might be done .
One would think the existence of the vast majority of atheists who are ordinary , decent people would force these people to reconsider , but often it does n’t .
Instead , they perceive atheists the way Lyra perceives that daemonless boy : as freaks , as bizarre and unnatural aberrations – and the evidence of our manifestly moral lives does not change that .
The flip side of this coin is that people who are unquestionably evil ( or ones whom the speaker merely disagrees with ) are often labeled “ atheist ” , as though the word were just a generic synonym for “ wicked ” .
I ’ve written about this before in “ The Atheist Crew “ , but this example from David Hankins of the Baptist Press surpasses them all :
We do have some recent examples of societies that do not believe in God nor recognize a mandated divine value on human beings .
They are associated with names like Hitler , Stalin , Pol Pot , Mao Zedong , Idi Amin , and Saddam Hussein .
Devoid of any sense of God or godliness , they created a social order of mayhem and evil that destroyed millions of lives .
So much for the morality of godlessness .
Yes , you read that last one right : this apologist claims that Saddam Hussein was an atheist .
That would be the same Saddam who died while reciting a Muslim prayer , the same Saddam who ordered the Muslim creed called the takbir placed on the Iraqi flag , allegedly in his own handwriting .
By the standards of the Islamic world , Saddam ’s Iraq was a relatively secular state , but to call it a “ godless ” or atheist state is insanity .
( I ’ve written also about how Hitler was emphatically not an atheist .
Idi Amin was also a Muslim .
I should probably write some later posts on the beliefs of the other tyrants cited . )
As I said , as a purely factual claim , this would be insane .
But I do n’t think Hankins intended it as a factual claim , but as a statement of the way he divides up the world : in his eyes , there are the good Christians , whom he agrees with , and then there ’s everyone else , the evil and wicked atheists .
( The first Christians were accused of atheism by the Roman Empire for similar reasons .
The fact that he ’s using the logic of the Christians ’ erstwhile persecutors is an irony he undoubtedly fails to appreciate . )
For people who think this way , there ’s probably no hope .
They ’re clearly not concerned about what the facts say , just as racists are not concerned about the facts regarding the intellectual ability and capacity for achievement of blacks .
But I think most people are not so set in their prejudices , and their minds can be changed .
If they see that atheists are good people , the notion may become less unnatural to them , and in time they may come to accept it as normal and expected .
It ’s important to remember , therefore , that we are ambassadors for atheism .
Fairly or unfairly , atheism in general will be judged by the standards of behavior that individual atheists display .
Thus it ’s important that we be the best ambassadors possible – that we show ourselves to be moral people and present a good image of atheism to the world .
This means of changing minds , in the long run , is more likely to help us than any number of rational arguments .
The Latte Factor : The Real Reason You Are n’t a Millionaire
I love it whenever I hear someone talk about David Bach ’s now famous term “ the latte factor . ”
For those that do n’t know , the term refers to the idea that many people continually spend on small purchases ( like a latte ) that add up to a ridiculously large amount over their lifetime .
There are two reasons about it that intrigue me — ( 1 ) it ’s totally true and ( 2 ) it ’s totally misleading .
Why Latte Factor Makes Sense
The math is obvious .
$ 3.50 everyday for a year is already over $ 1,200 dollars .
You add the usual compound interests argument over your working career and it ’s something like $ 1 million dollars ( maybe a bit less but you get the idea ) just on having a cup of coffee .
Why the Latte Factor is Totally Misleading
That stat is certainly eye popping .
So if I do n’t go to Starbucks everyday and I do n’t smoke either , I should be able to have $ 2 million by the time I retire .
You may ask yourself that there ’s just no way , so why wo n’t you retire rich ?
Side note :
A third reason I love the latte factor is that if David Bach is a latte kind of guy , there ’s a good chance that he was sipping a hot latte from Starbucks while he wrote that book .
I would never know obviously but could you imagine what the press would say about something like that ?
The Real Reason You Are n’t a Millionaire
It ’s like this .
Most people are just happy with following other people ’s advice without regards to the big picture .
They think to themselves “ Wow , I ’m not drinking Starbucks anymore so I ’m going to save $ 1 million bucks and that ’s enough for me to retire on . ”
You know what happens to those people ?
They then buy a plasma TV .
Look , saving $ 100 or saving $ 1 a hundred times is the same thing .
Stop thinking that you are wasting money whenever you buy a cup of Starbucks because we all need to satisfy our inner splurge demons once in a while .
Instead , here ’s how I want you to think about the idea of becoming a millionaire :
The Easy Way to Be a Millionaire and Be Happy
The idea is actually really simple .
All you have to do is set an amount of money that you want saved .
It could be $ 100 , $ 500 or even $ 5,000 as long as it ’s based on your long term goals .
It could be $ 1 million , it could be something else .
Basically , how much you want to retire with .
Once you hit that goal , or be able to project that you can easily hit it for the month , why not buy that latte or even an iPod if you really want to ?
The real key to wealth is how much you can accumulate , but it ’s amazing how many people get hung up on how much they are spending .
If you ever want to retire comfortably , start accumulating wealth by directly thinking about how much you are keeping , not necessarily about how many pennies you are spending .
Editor 's Note : I 've begun tracking my assets through Personal Capital .
I 'm only using the free service so far and I no longer have to log into all the different accounts just to pull the numbers .
And with a single screen showing all my assets , it 's much easier to figure out when I need to rebalance or where I stand on the path to financial independence .
They developed this pretty nifty 401K Fee Analyzer that will show you whether you are paying too much in fees , as well as an Investment Checkup tool to help determine whether your asset allocation fits your risk profile .
The platform literally takes a few minutes to sign up and it's free to use by following this link here .
For those trying to build wealth , Personal Capital is worth a look .
Editor 's Note : Did you know about the service called $ 5 meal plans ?
For $ 5 a month , they send you recipes of delicious , healthy , yet cheap food that costs just $ 5 a meal .
Several of my friends signed up and they are able to eat at home more because the instructions are easy to follow , making everything convenient .
The deal also comes with grocery shopping lists , which saves them so much time .
Check it out yourself by clicking here and you too may be able to save more and become healthier at the same time .
Federal prosecutors in Los Angeles are pursuing a 6 - month prison term for a Los Angeles man who pleaded guilty in December to one misdemeanor count of uploading pre-release Guns N' Roses tracks , according to court documents .
Kevin Cogill was arrested last summer at gunpoint and charged with uploading nine tracks of the Chinese Democracy album to his music site — antiquiet.com .
The album , which cost millions and took 17 years to complete , was released November 23 and reached No. 3 in the charts .
The sentence being sought — including the calculation of damages based on the illegal activity of as many as 1,310 websites that disseminated the music after Cogill released it — underscores how serious the government is about punishing those for uploading pre-release material .
" Making a pre-release work available to the worldwide public over the internet where it can be copied without limit is arguably one of the more insidious forms of copyright infringement , " prosecutor Craig H. Missakian wrote in court documents .
" That is because once released it is virtually impossible to prevent unlimited dissemination of the work . "
As part of the 28 - year - old Cogill 's guilty plea , he informed the authorities that he received the music online and unsolicited — a confession Missakian said might pave the way for more " targets " to be prosecuted .
" Needless to say , artists like the band Guns N ' Roses put their blood , sweat , toil and tears into the creative process , " Missakian said .
" And this country has seen fit to protect their rights — and in doing so foster and encourage the creative process by which all of society benefits . "
The government claimed the amount of infringement equaled $ 371,622 .
The higher the number the larger the potential prison term .
The government said it produced a " reasonable estimate " and gave the defendant the " benefit of the doubt " in its calculations , which were based on each infringement being worth 99 cents on iTunes .
The Recording Industry Association of America , however , told the judge overseeing the case that the defendant 's conduct resulted in more than a $ 2.2 million loss based on a " $ 6.39 legitimate wholesale value " for the nine tracks the RIAA claims ( .pdf ) were downloaded about 350,000 times .
Regardless of the phantom figures , the numbers floated by the government and the RIAA assume that the music would have been purchased had it not been downloaded for free .
Here 's how the feds concluded the $ 371,622 in damages :
They said the music was streamed from Cogill 's site 1,123 times to
801 IP addresses over a two - hour period .
The authorities , based on a
" conservative estimate , " concluded nearly 400,000 downloads .
" This number is based on a sample of 30 out of 1,310 unauthorized web sites that offered the leaked songs to the public between June 19 ,
2008 and November 21 , 2008 , " Missakian wrote .(. pdf )
" Of the 1,310 web sites identified as having unauthorized copies of the music that defendant streamed , 30 of those contained information showing the number of downloads from their sites . "
Of those 30 sites , the government said there were 16,976 downloads of Chinese Democracy .
" It is most likely that this number represents the number of downloads of the group of 9 leaked songs , for a total of 152,784
downloads of individual songs ( 16,976 x 9 ) , " Missakian wrote .
" It is , however , not possible to say at this time whether the figure represents the group of 9 songs or individual songs .
Giving the defendant the benefit of the doubt , the government will assume that the 16,976 figure represents downloads of individual songs . "
But wait , the prosecution wrote more :
In addition to the above number , the Court should also add an additional number for the number of downloads from the remaining
1,200 - plus web sites that offered the songs for download .
The average number of downloads from the 30 sites for which actual data exists is
565 .
Again , giving the defendant the benefit of the doubt , the Court could reduce that number by one half and estimate that each other site accounted for 280 individual downloads , or a total of 358,400 ( 1,310-30
x 280 ) , during the relevant period .
By taking the total number of downloads of 375,376 ( 16,976 +358,400 ) and multiplying that number by
$ .99 per song downloaded , the infringement about becomes $ 371,622 .
According to court records , Cogill uploaded nine songs from the
14 - track album on June 18 .
Court records show he confessed to the FBI .
The case was cracked by an investigator with the Recording Industry
Association of America , according to court records .
Cogill 's attorney , David Kaloyanides , told the court that no jail time was warranted .
( . pdf )
He added that , " There is no way to determine how many downloads were made . "
Sentencing is set for May 4 .
By the way , the RIAA said it would be willing to accept $ 30,000 , instead of $ 2.2 million in restitution , if Cogill " was willing to participate in a public service announcement designed to educate the public that music piracy is illegal . "
See Also :
Today , Republican Norm Coleman is expected to rest his case to overturn Democrat Al Franken ’s lead in Minnesota ’s U.S. Senate race .
Over the past six weeks , Coleman ’s attorneys have worked to present many , sometimes sprawling , reasons why Franken ’s 255 - vote lead is “ artificial . ”
They ’ve spent dozens of hours presenting hundreds of rejected absentee ballots they say should be counted into the race , showed examples of the different ways different counties treated absentee ballots and sought to prove that some votes were counted twice in the state ’s two - month recount .
Today , after Minnesota elections director Gary Poser and Minneapolis election judge Pamela Howell testify , Coleman will bring his case to a close .
Howell will be allowed to testify in the U.S. Senate election trial — but Coleman will have to pay for the delays caused by his attorneys ’ mistakes in disclosing documents about Howell .
Howell began testifying in the trial last week , but stopped after it was revealed that Coleman ’s attorneys violated the rules of civil procedure because they did n’t give Democrat Al Franken ’s attorneys certain information about her .
Last week , the judges had barred her from testifying because of the problems , changed their minds and were willing to allow her to testify on Friday .
But once she began her testimony , she revealed that there were more documents that the Coleman attorneys neglected to share .
The judges today decided to allow her to testify but also decided that Coleman would have to pay for the costs of the delay that his attorneys ’ nondisclosure caused .
Next , Franken will present his case that his lead should stand and even be increased .
Franken ’s attorneys are slated to start that presentation Tuesday .
Throwing out your old
computer ?
Think again .
It ’s time to get out your pickaxe ...
Never in history has so much information been produced by so many people .
We are swamped by electronic data , a tidal wave of gigabytes .
Indeed , the world is probably producing more recorded information every second than it did in the entire 19th century .
With so much data - a stream of binary digits that includes everything from your holiday photos to your bank details to every email you and everyone else on Earth has ever written - it is not surprising that some of it often goes missing .
We have all heard of the hapless civil servants who leave laptops and memory sticks containing our personal details on trains or in taxis .
But what few people realise is just how easy it is to recover deleted data from old computers - and the implications of this fact .
It 's crunch time : Could it be time to bash up the old computer to save yourself from the Cyber - gangsters ?
Because , unfortunately , a growing number of criminals realise this all too well - and an illicit industry has grown up ' mining ' data , such as banking passwords and credit card numbers , addresses and details from people 's CVs in discarded computers .
These details are then sold on to unscrupulous people who can make good use of them .
' People are going to auctions , buying cheap second - hand PCs , ripping out the hard drives and selling them to criminals in Nigeria , ' says Steve Whitehead , a computer expert who specialises in the safe storage and destruction of computer files .
This month , consumer magazine Which ?
Computing reports that it managed to recover 22,000 ' deleted ' files from eight computers it bought on eBay .
One Which ?
reader , Alexander Skipworth , was emailed by a crook from Latvia who had gained access to his old hard - drive ; he had obtained from it not only Mr Skipworth 's email address , but also his bank and mortgage details .
He emailed a personal photograph contained on the disk as proof and demanded money with menaces .
Mr Skipworth had , wrongly , been told the drive was erased after it was replaced by the computer manufacturer .
Hackers can access all sorts of information from your old computer - from bank details to every e-mail you have ever sent
As we trust more and more of our lives to our computers , criminals are having a field day .
Think about it : a typical PC hard disk drive - a thin aluminium or glass magnetic - coated platter 31 / 2in across , which spins at anything up to 10,000 revolutions per minute and which is ' read ' by a tiny stylus - can store an extraordinary 200 gigabytes of data .
That means you can store several million photos , whole libraries of books , movies and endless music tracks - not to mention thousands of supposedly private emails and passwords .
Disks of even larger capacity - up to a whopping one terabyte ( 1,000 gigabytes ) - are common ; these are enough to record , potentially , just about every conceivable detail of your life and the lives of everyone you know .
Computer disks ( and other storage media , such as flash memory sticks ) are not only extremely efficient storage devices , but they are also cheap - throwaway cheap .
A few decades ago , this sort of memory storage cost millions of pounds ; now you can pay £ 50 for a new hard drive with more capacity than Nasa had at its disposal when it first went to the Moon .
Thanks to this , we upgrade our computers regularly - typically every three years .
This means that , in Britain , several million old PCs and Macs are thrown away , sold , recycled or donated to charity every year .
Thousands of these machines are simply discarded without any attempt made to delete the files on them .
The information on these old computers is freely available to anyone who gets hold of the machine .
And even if we make an effort to delete our old files , the chances are they are still there .
Most people assume that if you delete a file from your computer 's memory and then empty the ' wastebasket ' that is on your desktop ( and maybe run a ' disk clean - up ' for good measure ) , the file is gone for good .
Not so .
In fact , when you ' delete ' a file from your PC , what you are doing is not erasing the file itself , but simply the reference to it on the hard disk .
The file itself is still there ( until it is written over ) and can be recovered with the right software .
' It 's a bit like ripping the index from a book .
The actual pages and text are still there , ' says Whitehead .
These ' deleted ' files can be recovered easily using proprietary file recovery software .
Even erasing the whole operating system ( eg Windows ) still leaves the files intact .
You can go a step further : delete the files you want to erase , empty the recycle bin , download a huge file which fills the disk and overwrites the space taken up by the old files - and then delete that .
But even then , when your old files have been overwritten with new files , ' ghosts ' of the old data may remain on the hard drive .
Computer disks use a magnetic medium to store information and , like magnetic tape , completely erasing all traces of what was on it is almost impossible .
Military - spec file - destroyers exist : these overwrite the old files five times in an attempt to obliterate all traces of what was on the disk .
But even then there remains the possibility that really determined hackers could gain access to snippets of surviving information .
How can you make sure this does not happen ?
There are special programs out there which claim to completely destroy files .
If you want to keep your hard disk intact and preserve the valuable software on it ( perhaps if you are giving your computer to a friend ) , you can use a data - shredding program , such as Digital File Shredder from StompSoft , for around £ 20 .
But if you want to be really sure , you will have to resort to violence .
Even this is surprisingly difficult .
Hard disks are robust devices and though it is easy to destroy the sensitive electronics and the stylus mechanism , the disk itself is quite hard to destroy completely .
Which ?
recommends a hammer ; the Pentagon suggests putting the whole thing in a metal - mulcher .
Here are the ways I tried to make sure that these hard disks really were dead and buried ...
METHOD ONE : PICKAXE
If in doubt , use brute force .
Hard disks are encased in a tough metal box , but even so this proves no match for a pickaxe - the method preferred by Steve Whitehead 's employer PHL when really sensitive data is involved .
' We had a disk come in with thousands of credit card numbers on it , ' he says .
' There was only one solution - take it out into the yard and smash it . '
EASE / COST : 10/10 - though be careful not to do yourself an injury .
EFFICACY : 8/10 - even though I gave the drive what I thought was a good battering , the platter inside was merely dented and a bit mangled .
I am not entirely convinced that there are n't experts who would be able to recover something from it , though such a job would be way beyond the capabilities of most criminal hackers .
A smaller hammer plus a chisel would perhaps make a better job of smashing the unit completely .
METHOD TWO : DRILL
THIS is recommended by the American magazine Popular Mechanics .
Drill at least two holes through the disk itself and the platter will never spin again .
Better still , then take an angle grinder to the mirror - finish surface of the disk , the magnetic layer which stores the information .
EASE / COST : 6/10 - you need a powerful drill to get through the metal components , a strong vice in which to hold the drive unit and the procedure is potentially dangerous as parts could shatter .
You MUST wear eye protection .
EFFICACY : 10/10 - if you drill enough holes , your data will be reduced to a pile of swarf .
Follow up with a good grinding and maybe the hammer as well and your disk is toast .
METHOD THREE : CAR
Position the hard drive on a hard surface .
Drive over it .
EASE / COST : 10/10 .
EFFICACY : 0/10 - these units are so tough you 'd need a traction engine to do much damage .
You could probably run over most hard drives , plug them straight back into your computer - and they would run .
METHOD FOUR : FIRE AND WATER
Place the hard drive in a vice and blast it with a blowtorch .
I submitted an old hard drive to 20 minutes of extreme thermal torture until it was glowing red hot .
Serious action : Taking a blowtorch to your old computer would blast away the chances of fraud
I then plunged it into a bucket of cold water hoping the shock would shatter any intact components .
EASE / COST : 2/10 - you need a blowtorch , goggles and somewhere safe to do this .
Not recommended at home .
EFFICACY : 6/10 - astonishingly , though the outside casing of the hard drive was a charred mess and the electronics were fried , the shiny platter itself seemed completely undamaged .
How odd that , last Monday , none of our media global warming groupies should have bothered to report what was billed to be " the largest ever demonstration for civil disobedience over climate change " .
There was talk of hundreds of thousands of protestors converging on Washington to hear Jim Hansen , the scientist who talks of coal - fired power stations as " factories of death " , call yet again for all coal plants to be closed .
Perhaps the lack of coverage was due to the fact that , before Hansen arrived to address a forlorn group of several hundred hippies , Washington was blanketed in nearly a foot of snow .
Graeme Warring invented the doll to try to console his out - of - pocket friend An Australian toy designer has created a surprise hit with a doll of the US financier , Bernard Madoff , who is accused of a $ 50 bn ( £ 35 bn ) fraud .
The Smash - Me Bernie figurine wears a devil 's red suit , carries a trident and comes with a golden hammer for smashing the doll into pieces .
Creator Graeme Warring said he came up with the idea after a friend of his lost money in the scandal .
Mr Madoff 's former clients may not feel like meeting the $ 100 price tag .
Smash -me Bernie attracted worldwide media interest when it went on display at the New York Toy Fair this week , says the doll 's creator .
' Terrifically funny '
Mr Warring , who now lives in the US , told ABC news how he'd invented the figurine to try to console his out - of - pocket friend .
" He lost quite a bit of money and he was pretty grumpy about the whole thing , " Mr Warring was quoted as saying .
US financier Bernard Madoff is under house arrest pending trial " So I made him this little action figure of Bernie Madoff ...
I put a hammer in the box and I said , ' Listen , when you get this thing , just smash it to pieces - it'll make you feel better , and then go bury it in the backyard and put it behind you ' .
" So he did it , thought it was terrifically funny , and then he started telling some of his mates about it and before you know it , everyone 's started to order these things . "
Mr Madoff , 70 , a former chairman of the Nasdaq stock exchange , is accused of running a Ponzi scheme - a system whereby early investors are paid off with the money of new clients .
If convicted , Mr Madoff faces up to 20 years in prison and millions of dollars in fines .
The financier is under house arrest while police investigations continue and has not yet entered a plea or responded to the charges .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From DataQuick : Bay Area home sales climb above last year as median falls below $ 300 K
Note : Beware of the median price .
That is skewed by the change in mix towards the low end .
Bay Area home sales beat the year - ago mark for the sixth straight month in February as the winter market sizzled in many foreclosure - heavy inland areas offering the deepest discounts .
The median price dipped below $ 300,000 for the first time since late 1999 , pushed lower by an abundance of inland distressed sales and a dearth of coastal high - end activity ...
A total of 5,032 new and resale houses and condos closed escrow in the nine - county Bay Area last month .
That was essentially unchanged from 5,050 in January but up 26.1 percent from 3,989 in February 2008 , according to MDA DataQuick of San Diego .
...
The allure of such discounted foreclosures helped lift sales of existing single - family houses to record levels for a February in Vallejo , Brentwood , Antioch , Pittsburg , Oakley and Gilroy .
The use of government - insured , FHA loans – a common choice among first - time buyers – represented a record 24.9 percent of all Bay Area purchase loans last month .
Conversely , use of so - called jumbo loans to finance high - end property remained at abnormally low levels .
Before the credit crunch hit in August 2007 , jumbo loans , then defined as over $ 417,000 , represented 62 percent of Bay Area purchase loans , compared with just 17.5 percent last month .
...
Last month 52 percent of all homes that resold in the Bay Area had been foreclosed on at some point in the prior 12 months , up from a revised 51.9 percent in January and 22.3 percent a year ago .
At the county level , foreclosure resales last month ranged from 12.1 percent of resales in San Francisco to 69.5 percent in Solano County .
In the other seven counties , foreclosure resales were as follows : Alameda , 46.2 percent ; Contra Costa , 65.1 percent ; Marin , 18.9 percent ; Napa , 63.1 percent ; Santa Clara , 42.9 percent ; San Mateo , 31.3 percent ; and Sonoma , 57.1 percent .
emphasis added
Only 321 newly constructed homes sold last month , down 55 percent from 713 a year ago , the lowest on record for a February , and the second - lowest for any month back to 1988 .
Many builders have had a difficult time competing with falling resale prices – especially foreclosures .
And there is this interesting comment :
Only 321 new homes in the entire Bay Area ?
Wow .
This really shows what is happening .
Volumes have all but disappeared for high end homes ( and jumbo loans ) , and the low end is dominated by foreclosure resales ( and more FHA loans ) .
The builders can't compete with the foreclosure resales , so new home sales have declined sharply .
# 749986 +( 4321 ) - [ X ]
PwNzAgE33 : ok so in assembly language we learned that processes in the cpu get set priority levels PwNzAgE33 : 0 - 7 , 7 being the highest priority
PwNzAgE33 : this is the example the book gives
PwNzAgE33 : " For example , a computer 's payroll program may run overnight , and at PL0 .
It has all night to finish - not terribly urgent .
A program that corrects for a nuclear power plant current surge may run at PL6 .
We are perfectly happy to let the payroll wait while the nuclear power correction keeps us from being blown to bits . "
PwNzAgE33 : this begs two questions
PwNzAgE33 : first
PwNzAgE33 : who in the hell is running payroll and a nuclear power surge correction on the same machine
PwNzAgE33 : and second , if nuclear power surge correction gets PL6 , what on God 's green earth gets a fucking PL7 ?
Virginia FORUM | 03/30/2009
A Fair Shake for Labor Can Help Our Economy Rebuild
By Paul Fleisher
Imagine an election in which one candidate could threaten your job if you voted for the other side .
That candidate could campaign as much , and whenever , they wish , while the opponent was limited to speaking only during coffee breaks or after work .
Suppose that candidate could even decide when the election would take place -- calling the vote only after being certain that it would go in their favor ?
Those conditions do n't sound much like a free and fair election -- but they are just the situation employees can be subjected to when they choose whether or not to unionize .
It 's those sorts of inequities that the Employee Free Choice Act ( EFCA ) is intended to remedy .
Under current law , when a majority of workers indicate they want union representation , management gets to decide when the certification election will take place .
Meanwhile , the company can campaign against the union in the workplace by holding workplace meetings , distributing literature , and even meeting privately with employees one - on - one .
Such campaigning often includes heavy doses of intimidation and threats of job loss .
In fact , employers illegally fire union supporters in 25 percent of organizing campaigns .
Meanwhile , union organizers may not enter the workplace ; employees can only campaign during breaks , or before and after work .
And even if 100 percent of workers indicate by signing authorizations that they wish to be represented by a union , the company is not required to recognize and bargain with it .
In short , employers are playing with a stacked deck .
The Employee Free Choice Act ( EFCA ) currently before Congress would increase penalties for violating workers '
First Amendment right to form a union and to negotiate a first contract and would provide mediation and arbitration to assist management and unions through that negotiation process .
Finally , it would allow a majority of employees to establish a union by signing authorization cards .
This provides an alternative to the current election process , which is subject to intimidation , firings and other disparities favoring a company 's anti-union campaign .
It is this last provision that some business leaders emphasize in their attempt to defeat EFCA , claiming that under majority sign - up , workers would be subjected to intimidation from the union , rather than being protected by the free choice of an election .
The history of employees ' efforts to band together for better working conditions tells a different story .
Time and again , union supporters have been threatened , reassigned to less desirable jobs , or simply fired .
No one who has been harassed with a barrage of threats of firing or reassignment unless they oppose unionization is making a genuinely free choice .
Majority sign - up already has a proven track record .
It has been used successfully at several large firms , including AT&T Wireless .
In this case , both the company and the Communications Workers of America agreed to remain neutral during the organizing campaign -- allowing more than 17,000 workers to freely express their preference for union representation .
Remember , the EFCA does not require workers to use majority sign - up .
Employees are still free to conduct an election supervised by the National Labor Relations Board if they prefer .
But faced with a company determined to deter employees from organizing , EFCA could provide workers with another option to help level the playing field .
Over the past century , organized labor has helped bring prosperity and respect for the dignity of work to our nation .
Unions campaigned to end to child labor , enabling America 's children to develop the knowledge and skills that have built our country into an economic powerhouse .
They gave us the 40 - hour work week and fair compensation when the work load requires overtime , negotiated decent benefits ( vacation time , sick pay , pensions , health insurance , etc. ) , and insisted on workplace safety .
These advances have benefited not just union members , but their families and communities , as well as workers who profit from non-union businesses offering comparable wages and benefits to compete for qualified employees .
Union representation is a hard - won American tradition .
It deserves protection and encouragement , especially in times of economic crisis .
Union contracts bring fair wages and benefits to those who will rebuild our infrastructure , provide essential products and services , and spend their earnings back in their own communities .
By giving a fair shake to organized labor , the Employee Free Choice Act can play an important part in America 's economic revitalization -- and that will benefit us all .
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fleisher is an educator , member of the Virginia Education Association Fitz Turner Commission for Human Relations and Civil Rights and life member of the NEA .
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright ( C ) 2009 by the Virginia Forum .
3/09
image credit : pbo31
It seems like every other week , we see articles , blog posts and other observations about Gen Y .
And usually , they are written by people who are n’t even a part of the generation .
It always makes me cringe to read these , especially when they try and offer “ advice ” for managing people in my demographic .
As I have spent essentially my entire life watching / studying this demographic as an observer and participant , I thought I ’d be able to give you some qualitative analysis that would be more interesting than what people outside of the age group can provide .
After all , do you really think a younger generation behaves in their true form around an older generation ?
Here ’s my observations that may run counter to what you read by those in older generations :
Digital natives are a myth
If you define digital natives as the group of people that grew up using technology , yes that exists and would be Gen Y .
However this is an altogether meaningless term , most of Gen Y is as inept with technology as the older generation .
I ’ve spent as much time fixing systems / networks of people my own age as I have those who are older .
Growing up with technology and using it is not an indicator of ability to successfully manipulate it on anything more than a superficial level .
For the average person , age has nothing to do with literacy in using technology efficiently .
Fight me on this if you want , but being known as the IT geek I have helped more than a statistically relevant number of people with their computer / network issues and the truth is age is a meaningless factor in correctly using technology or using tech in creative ways for business solutions .
Going further – yes , most of Gen Y grew up using the social web and followed it along from Prodigy / AOL to Facebook and MySpace .
But these networks require no special skills to use .
In fact anyone can use them , which is why they are so popular .
The people that go further and develop their own web properties or build an audience for influence , attention or monetization has nothing to do with age , and if you look across the board it is made up people that span demographics .
I notice nothing special in particular with people in Gen Y on the whole with digital technology compared to any generation .
It depends more on those passionate enough and interested enough to learn how to use the tools effectively than age .
Geeks ( of any age ) are the new influencers and programming is the new literacy .
Gen Y is no lazier than any other generation
A lot of people love to label Gen Y as “ lazy . ”
This is nonsense , as there are lazy people across demographics .
Most humans across generations , especially in America , squander a majority of free time daily with mindless entertainment .
This is not a generational issue , this is a cultural issue .
In my view , nearly everyone in our country suffers from mental sloth and it ca n’t be pigeon - holed to one generation .
Nearly everyone watches TV in their free time … enough said .
Generation Y is no more or less intelligent than any other living generation
Again , I see no difference between the intelligence levels of those in other generations and Gen Y .
True intelligence , creativity and motivation for life is rare across demographics .
I ’ve read countless great books , listened to countless amazing artists and read plenty of thought provoking blogs and age is not a factor for defining those talented and motivated enough to create these things .
Our species does n’t evolve fast enough for there to be statistically any significant difference in raw intelligence levels between any of the generations that are currently alive .
Anyone declaring Gen Y the dumbest generation is being sensationalist for the sake of getting attention and generating controversy .
Gen Y is more connected than previous generations
An overwhelming majority of Gen Y does use social networking .
As I have written previously , Facebook and MySpace are the modern AOL and Prodigy .
Gen Y has been connected from a young age and continues to stay connected .
We ’re friends with all our old high school and college friends on Facebook and able to follow their progress throughout life .
This is something altogether new to society – a constant connectivity with those from our past .
Gen Y on the whole is just as open to manipulation as previous generations when it comes to religion
Religion appears to have infected another generation , even though 93 percent of NAS scientists do not profess a belief in God ( 72.2 percent disbelief , 20.8 agnostic ) .
However , thanks to the web , freedom of information and vocal intellectuals such as Richard Dawkins , science and logic are beginning to spread into the population .
Gen Y has also grown up witnessing the negativity , death and destruction caused by religion – perhaps this will lead to less of Gen Y passing it on to their children .
Future civilizations of our planet will look back at our religious beliefs as quaint and at a detriment to science , truth , logic and progress ( a bit of opinion : religion is a relic of a pre-science civilization ) .
Clearly religion is one of the best examples of an ideavirus , and it is worthwhile to study the marketing lessons to learn from religion .
Generation Y marks the death of the mass - scale celebrity / influencer
Something the web and tools like blogs , YouTube , Facebook , etc. have enabled is the ability for us to publicly document our own lives .
And with this ability , we have realized rather quickly it is more interesting to follow the lives of people we actually know than nebulous celebrities .
This is creating a long tail of attention for people spread amongst the masses , creating many micro-celebrities among peer groups and niches , spreading the power of influence and attention across society .
Gen Y is colorblind , race blind and open to all lifestyle choices
On the whole , Gen Y does n’t segregate human beings the way previous generations do .
We do n’t view the world in races or colors and we do n’t judge people based on lifestyle choices and try and tell them what they can and cannot do .
Despite the backwards decisions of our current society , in the not - so - distant future when everyone is given the same set of rights , we will look back on today the same way we currently look back at a generation which gave people rights based purely on color .
Gen Y does n’t trust government
Rightfully so , Gen Y does n’t trust government – we have grown up witnessing repeated failures by an obviously broken system .
It is clear the people in power are propping up old models , hindering innovation with broken patent systems and litigation , and easily manipulated by lobbyists .
It will be interesting to see if when Gen Y is in power they do things differently than the failures of the previous generations .
Gen Y is numb to mass advertising
We grew up in a world with a constant onslaught of advertising and media messages .
We ’ve simply learned to tune them out and do n’t buy into messages that come directly from companies we do n’t trust and that have n’t built a relationship with us .
Permission marketing , on the other hard , works wonderfully .
Creative Gen
Y’ers enjoy vibrant , forward - thinking music / art culture
But it is n’t in the mainstream eye .
I have heard more amazing music created by people in my generation than anything the world has witnessed ( imo ) .
But just like in previous years the popular artists of today are cheesy , trite and boring choices .
Just because it is n’t on a major label or is n’t inside theaters does n’t mean it is n’t far more innovative art .
Go listen to Ulrich Schnauss , go listen to Autechre , go listen to Sound Tribe Sector 9 .
It ’s unlike anything you ’ve heard , and it ’s the next generation of art music , the music creative people in our generation enjoy .
Since when does popular culture have taste in music anyway ?
Conclusion
These are observations I ’ve formed from viewing the world from what I believe is a neutral lens , one shaped by logic and not manipulated by any single person or belief system .
Rather , I take a hybrid approach to viewing the world by studying facts , mixing in experience , being a well - read individual , and in my free time being a student of sociology and psychology .
Related posts from The Future Buzz
Your Marketing Is ( Most Likely ) Dated
For Music and News Industries , Power is Now With the People
Creating Ideas That Spread – Do n’t Target Specific Networks or Channels , Target Niches and Worldviews
Related posts from around the web
Technology Moral Panics : But Think Of The Children ! ( Techdirt )
Pew Survey Confirms What We All Know : Net Beats Newspapers
As A Source For News ( TechCrunch )
“ I just do n’t get it . ” [ i.e. Twitter ] ( Being Peter Kim )
Do you consider yourself a
feminist ?
Perhaps you ’ve done some research on feminism or some feminist
activism .
Maybe you even went so far as to get a university degree in
Women ’s Studies .
I did .
I graduated from the University of Toronto
with a major in Women ’s Studies in 2008 , and yet I do not have a working
knowledge of feminist history .
This is wrong .
Communication and storytelling
is essential to the development of any community , and the feminist movement
is no exception .
So who do you find " teaching "
feminist history on a campus like the University of Toronto ?
None other than Feminists for
Life ( a part of larger student group Students for Life ) .
This group ,
which calls itself " pro-woman and pro-life , " appropriates the history
of the late 19th century suffragette movement in order to further its
sexist agenda of criminalizing abortion and contraception .
In the preface to Rebecca Walker ’s
1995 book " To Be Real : Telling the Truth and Changing the Face of
Feminism , " Angela Davis expresses disappointment in the third wave
of feminism .
She argues that if the third wave feminists had " the
same kind of nuanced vision of the past that they did of the present "
they would come to understand that feminists of the past had indeed
confronted and challenged identity politics .
In her 1997 article " Charting
the Currents of the Third Wave , " Catherine Orr notes that many third
wave feminist writers indeed engage with ideas that have been explored
before in feminist theory and " end up fighting ghosts that could be
exorcised ( or rendered more complex ) by looking at history . "
Why did
we not study these established critiques along with classic and current
third wave feminist literature ?
We studied and created so many critiques
that when I thought of this one in the later years of my degree , I immediately
dismissed it as irrelevant simply because we had not encountered it .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
If it were n’t for the feminists that came before us , we would not
have several important rights : to vote , to work outside the home , and
to choose if and with whom we will have a relationship , among others .
Do all people , regardless of gender in Canada , have those rights in
2009 ?
No .
This does NOT mean that we should throw out feminist history .
As today , the feminists of the past were products of their social location ,
and their work and views should be considered within that context .
On their website , Feminists for Life argue that Susan B . Anthony would
take an anti-choice position in the debate on abortion today because
in her time she condemned it as harmful to women and families .
To unsuspecting
researchers who happen across this article and are unable to place it
into an informed historical context , it presents a reasonably sound
objection to abortion on " feminist " grounds .
However , historians will note that in Susan B. Anthony ’s time and location
( late 19th century in the United States ) , contraceptive methods were
not readily available and so the results of marital indiscretions could
be much more visible and therefore disastrous .
Women would not be considered
citizens until 1920 , affording them little or no protection when facing
precarious / abusive living arrangements .
Abortion was illegal and was
often the only option for women who were pregnant out of wedlock or
whose partners did not or could not acknowledge the relationship publicly .
From the perspective of many married women , the availability of abortion
in a community encouraged pre- and extramarital intercourse .
Thus , privileged
women such as Susan B. Anthony and her early feminist colleagues generally
viewed abortion as a threat , denouncing it in their organizing .
Since the late 19th century , there have been many technological and
social movements that have altered the circumstances under which women
can make autonomous choices about the course of their lives .
Winning
the vote , the invention of the Pill , the ability to work outside the
home , and the Supreme Court decision of Roe v.
Wade are just a few of
the changes that have taken place in North America in the 100 + years
since Susan B. Anthony ’s day .
So , Feminists for Life ’s claim that
abortion is bad for women and families because Susan B . Anthony said
so in 1889 has little or no relevance in 2009 .
It must be noted that
it is possible to view Susan B. Anthony as feminist within the context
of her time – in a time when families were larger , labor unions had
yet to organize and women could not earn their own discretionary wages ,
it was very important for women to ensure that their husbands were not
spending their wages on the costs associated with extramarital affairs .
When viewed in its proper historical context , her condemnation of abortion
may be considered acceptable on feminist grounds .
The feminist movement
has also made a few changes since Anthony ’s day in terms of recognizing
how it has neglected the needs of women of colour , queer and differently - abled
women as well as recognizing all genders as potential allies .
Much work
remains to be done here , particularly in light of the carnage dealt
to women ’s / maternal health globally by the Bush Administration .
Feminists for Life pamphlets have been readily available at most anti-choice
events to take place on the University of Toronto campus throughout
the 2000s .
This is only one example of how they have perverted one famous
feminist ’s history to attack women ’s rights .
If women ’s studies
students are not taught this history and its relevant feminist / structural
critiques , how will we revise and add to our knowledge without a critical ,
nuanced perspective from which to draw without repeating mistakes ?
In our ongoing effort not to privilege a feminist critical lens over
others , we sometimes neglect to consider a feminist viewpoint at all .
This causes even more damage in practice than theory : multiple oppressions
and privileges translate very messily into real life interactions with
others .
Attempting to sort out one ’s varying identities with others
for even a small project can be daunting at best , and damaging at worst .
With so many of the marginalized ( which overwhelmingly includes women
and families ) suffering during this time , we cannot afford to sell a
seminal feminist figure like Susan B. Anthony to the persistent anti-choice
movement .
It is deeply offensive to conflate her hard work with a patriarchal
institution that wishes to subjugate women .
If the misogynistic anti-choice movement can convincingly claim such
figures as Susan B . Anthony as their own , we can re-claim and re-define
them in a historical and critical context that reflects current feminist
and anti-oppressive thought .
Each one of us that remains silent while
our history is stolen for an agenda predicated on " traditional "
gender roles is complicit in its abuse .
At his Online Town Hall meeting this morning , President Obama joked about the overwhelming popularity of marijuana legalization questions on his online forum .
Well , Mr. President , if you " do n't know what this says about the online audience , " allow me to clue you in .
We 're more than just some nicknames on a computer screen .
We 're Americans and we have the same right as anyone else to be heard and to be treated with respect .
As nearly a million among us are arrested each year for marijuana , it should come as no surprise to you that we 've come together to ask why .
The reason you find us in every category of your site is because the harms of the war on drugs reach into every facet of American life .
Drug prohibition destroys all it touches and there is scarcely a problem we face as a nation that could n’t be made more manageable by ending this great war that continues to stigmatize and divide us .
You can trivialize and dismiss our argument , but you cannot silence our movement .
You make us more powerful with every public forum you hold .
Update :
This quote from Jack Cole at LEAP pretty much sums it up :
" Despite the president 's flippant comments today , the grievous harms of marijuana prohibition are no laughing matter .
Certainly , the 800,000 people arrested last year on marijuana charges find nothing funny about it , nor do the millions of Americans struggling in this sluggish economy .
It would be an enormous economic stimulus if we stopped wasting so much money arresting and locking people up for nonviolent drug offenses and instead brought in new tax revenue from legal sales , just as we did when we ended alcohol prohibition 75 years ago during the Great Depression . "
Khawaja may have not known the specifics of the plot , a judge ruled A Canadian software developer convicted of involvement in a foiled fertiliser bomb plot in Britain has been sentenced to 10 years and six months in jail .
Momin Khawaja was found guilty in October 2008 by a judge in Ontario .
He was tried without a jury .
The court was told that he was a co-conspirator of five men who were jailed for life in April 2007 for a UK bomb plot linked to al - Qaeda .
Legal experts regarded the trial as a test of Canada 's anti-terror laws .
' Hi - fi digimonster ' Khawaja , who had denied all seven charges related to terrorism and explosives use , was arrested in March 2004 in a joint UK - Canadian operation and was accused of planning to attack the UK .
The judge ruled in October that he had knowingly participated in the foiled plot against several British targets , including a shopping centre , nightclub and the gas network .
As well as five terrorism offences , he was also found guilty of two separate criminal charges of having worked on a device to activate a bomb detonator and possessing an explosive substance .
The court was earlier told he had been part of a plan to detonate a 600 kg bomb which would have caused " massive " loss of life .
Khawaja designed a remote bomb detonator which he called the " hi - fi digimonster " , prosecutors said .
He was also accused of attending a paramilitary training camp in Pakistan .
However , Justice Douglas Rutherford said in his 52 - page decision that Khawaja may have not known the specifics of the plot .
In February 2004 , Khawaja appeared on the radar of the security services who already had the British fertiliser bomb plot conspirators under surveillance .
When he arrived at Heathrow airport he was met by Omar Khyam - one of the Britons convicted last year - who was under surveillance from specialist counter - terrorism officers .
One of the surveillance officers told the British plot trial they had no idea who the Canadian was , or what his role was in the plot .
But as Khyam drove off in his four - wheel drive vehicle , the officers listening in heard him and the Canadian discuss a remote - controlled device designed to trigger the bomb the men were planning .
He was later arrested and charged in Canada .
The new Canadian law gives the government wider powers to keep intelligence information secret on national security grounds and limits defendants ' access to evidence used against them .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yahoo has released its list of the top Internet searches of 2008 — at least , based on data from the minority of users still relying on Yahoo ’s search engine .
Nonetheless , the results are somewhat interesting .
The first category marks overall searches across all subject areas .
And the winners are :
1. Britney Spears
2. WWE
3. Barack Obama
4. Miley Cyrus
5. RuneScape
6. Jessica Alba
7. Naruto
8. Lindsay Lohan
9. Angelina Jolie
10 . American Idol
Britney , it ’s worth noting , held the same # 1 spot in ’07 .
In fact , Yahoo says she ’s been the most popular search term for seven out of the past eight years ( albeit for drastically different reasons now than at the beginning ) .
Here are some of the other measurements for specific categories , as measured by Yahoo :
Top 10 Economic Searches
1. IRS Stimulus Checks
2. Oil Prices
3. Gold Prices
4. Gas Prices
5. Dow Jones
6. Sallie Mae
7. Stock Market
8. AIG
9. Foreclosures
10 . Debt Consolidation
Top 10 Politician Searches
1. Barack Obama
2. Sarah Palin
3. John McCain
4. Hillary Clinton
5. George Bush
6. Ron Paul
7. John Edwards
8. Mike Huckabee
9. Arnold Schwarzenegger
10 . Mitt Romney
Top 10 News Stories
1. Hurricanes
2. Caylee and Casey Anthony
3. Election 2008
4. Pakistan
5. Pregnant Man
6. China
7. Iraq
8. Shelley Malil
9. Patrick Swayze
10 . Afghanistan
Top 10 Olympian Searches
1. Michael Phelps
2. Leryn Franco
3. Serena Williams
4. Kobe Bryant
5. Shawn Johnson
6. Jennie Finch
7. Misty May Treanor
8. Ronaldinho
9. Alicia Sacramone
10 . Nastia Liukin
Top 10 Rising Celebrity Searches
1. Miley Cyrus
2. Vanessa Anne Hudgens
3. Chris Brown
4. Jonas Brothers
5. Rihanna
6. Taylor Swift
7. Jamie Lynn Spears
8. Hayden Panettiere
9. Zac Efron
10 . Selena Gomez
Top 10 Searched Influential Women
1. Angelina Jolie
2. Sarah Palin
3. Oprah
4. Hillary Clinton
5. Gina Carano
6. Tina Fey
7. Michelle Obama
8. Katie Couric
9. Barbara Walters
10 . Dara Torres
Top 10 Send - Offs
1. Heath Ledger
2. Bernie Mac
3. Paul Newman
4. Randy Pausch
5. George Carlin
6. Estelle Getty
7. Tim Russert
8. Brad Renfro
9. Isaac Hayes
10 . Boyd Coddington
Ask.com has also released a list of its top search terms for the year .
Our favorite category there is the “ Top Question Searches , ” which features such gems as :
“ Why is the sky blue ? ”
“ What is the meaning of life ? ”
And , the best of all — coming in at # 1 on the list :
“ How do I get pregnant ? ”
As they say , if you have to ask …
" But long before that we can eliminate - which means local eradication - from a number of countries in this region .
And the 10 countries that have come here ( for the meeting ) are the elimination countries , those with an ambition to get rid of it much sooner than 2050 .
" A hundred countries in the world have already done it .
If you think rough terms , there are 200 countries in the world - 50 years ago they all had malaria , now only half half of them have malaria .
Now we 're working with the other half . "
Of the countries under the microscope at the Brisbane meeting of minds , the challenges are varying due to mitigating factors like country size , civil unrest and political instability .
" China has the challenge of scale ... it 's just so big .
They 've made a lot of progress already but finishing the job is just a big - scale enterprise because everything in China is a big - scale enterprise , " he said .
" The Solomon Islands has a challenge of starting from a quite high level of malaria and it's a poor country with a weak health system and scattered populations on small islands .
" Sri Lanka has a challenge of still having a war with the Tamil Tigers . "
The three - day conference at Customs House aims to develop a logistical game plan for attacking malaria to take to Asia - Pacific governments .
The process of dealing with the disease itself is a proven one , Professor Feachem said .
" To attack the mosquito we do two things - we make sure everybody is sleeping under an insecticide - treated bed net .
We want to saturate the community with bed nets and make sure people use them and maintain them , " he said .
" The second thing we do against the mosquito is to spray an insecticide in the houses .
We do that every six months ... and that reduces the mosquito populations . "
The other line of attack is against the parasite that causes the infectious disease .
" That 's just diagnosis and treatment , " Professor Feachem said .
" It 's a question of gearing up your ability to find the cases , diagnose them and treat them with the right drugs and making sure the drugs are there . "
Australia , which successfully eliminated malaria in 1982 , is the leading player in targeting malaria in the Asia - Pacific region - in terms of both financial clout and scientific resources - but the Brisbane conference has also been backed by the World Health Organisation and the Gates Foundation , which has opened its deep pockets to make global eradication a major priority .
" I think it 's a conviction from Bill and Melinda ( Gates ) personally that this is an avoidable and preventable tragedy , " Professor Feachem said .
" We have about a million deaths from malaria in the world every year .
They 're almost all in children and they need n't happen . "
Bob McMullan , the parliamentary secretary for international development assistance , said the key to tackling malaria across the Asia - Pacific region was learning the lessons of past successes .
" The idea of the network is to get not just the scientists but the practical people who are or have run malaria elimination programs around the region together so that we can make sure that the dollars we are spending on malaria elimination are most effective , " Mr McMullan said .
" This is a lead we are taking because I think we have got a window of opportunity in terms of global interest and the positive attitude of the governments of , say Vanuatu , which is one of the target countries .
" Apart from a humanitarian reason , we want this region in which we live to be stable and prosperous . "
People convicted in the Abramoff lobbying scandal
Among the lawmakers , lobbyists , Bush administration officials , congressional staffers and businessmen caught up in the Jack Abramoff public corruption probe :
_Abramoff was sentenced in September 2008 to four years in prison on charges of mail fraud , conspiracy and tax evasion .
Since pleading guilty in 2006 , the once - powerful lobbyist has cooperated with the federal investigation of influence - peddling in Washington .
He is nearly two years into a six - year prison sentence in a criminal case out of Florida , where he pleaded guilty in January 2006 to charges of conspiracy , honest services fraud and tax evasion in the purchase of gambling cruise boats .
_ David Safavian , the government 's former chief procurement officer , was found guilty for a second time in December 2008 for lying to investigators about his relationship with Abramoff , who provided gifts in return for information from Safavian about government property the lobbyist wanted to acquire .
Safavian 's 2006 conviction on similar charges was overturned on appeal .
He is the only person to take his case to trial .
_ John Albaugh , a one - time top aide to former Oklahoma Rep. Ernest Istook , pleaded guilty to conspiracy to defraud the House .
Albaugh admitted in federal court in Washington that he accepted meals and sports and concert tickets , along with other perks , from lobbyists in exchange for official favors .
He is cooperating with investigators .
_ Robert E. Coughlin II , a Justice Department official , pleaded guilty to conflict of interest .
He admitted in federal court in Washington that he accepted meals , concert tickets and luxury seats at Redskins and Wizards games from a former Abramoff associate , lobbyist Kevin Ring , while helping the lobbyist and his clients .
Coughlin is cooperating with investigators .
_Italia Federici , co-founder of the Council of Republicans for Environmental Advocacy , was sentenced to two months in a halfway house , four years on probation and a $ 74,000 fine after agreeing to help federal investigators .
She pleaded guilty to tax evasion and obstruction of a Senate investigation into Abramoff 's relationship with Interior Department officials .
_ Former Rep. Bob Ney , R - Ohio , sentenced to 2 1/2 years in prison , acknowledged taking bribes from Abramoff .
Ney was in the traveling party on an Abramoff - sponsored golfing trip to Scotland at the heart of the case against former White House official David Safavian .
Ney was released in August 2008 _a year early _after completing treatment for alcohol problems .
_ Former Deputy Interior Secretary Steven Griles , the highest - ranking Bush administration official convicted in the scandal , was sentenced to 10 months in prison for obstructing justice .
He admitted lying to a Senate committee about his relationship with Abramoff , who repeatedly sought Griles ' intervention at Interior on behalf of Indian tribal clients .
_ Tony Rudy , lobbyist and one - time aide to former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay , R - Texas , pleaded guilty in March 2006 to conspiring with Abramoff .
He is cooperating with investigators .
_ Michael Scanlon , a former Abramoff business partner and DeLay aide , pleaded guilty in November 2005 to conspiring to bribe public officials in connection with his lobbying work on behalf of Indian tribes and casino issues .
He is cooperating with investigators .
_ William Heaton ,
Ney 's former chief of staff , pleaded guilty to a federal conspiracy charge involving a golf trip to Scotland , expensive meals , and tickets to sporting events between 2002 and 2004 as payoffs for helping Abramoff 's clients .
He cooperated with investigators and was sentenced to two years probation and a $ 5,000 fine .
_ Neil Volz , a former chief of staff to Ney who left government to work for Abramoff , was sentenced to two years of probation , 100 hours of community service and a $ 2,000 fine after pleading guilty to conspiring to corrupt Ney and others with trips and other aid .
_ Mark Zachares , former aide to Rep. Don Young , R - Alaska , pleaded guilty to conspiracy .
He acknowledged accepting tens of thousands of dollars worth of gifts and a golf trip to Scotland from Abramoff 's team in exchange for official acts on the lobbyist 's behalf .
_ Trevor L. Blackann , a former aide to Missouri Republicans Sen. Kit Bond and Rep. Roy Blount , pleaded guilty to not reporting $ 4,100 in gifts from lobbyists in return for helping clients of Abramoff and his associates .
Among the gifts were tickets to the World Series and concerts , plus meals and entertainment at a " gentleman 's club . "
_ James Hirni , a former Republican Senate aide and one - time Abramoff associate , pleaded guilty to using wire communications to defraud taxpayers of congressional aides ' honest services .
Hirni acknowledged providing Blackann with meals , concert passes and tickets to the opening game of the 2003 World Series between the Florida Marlins and the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium .
_ Todd Boulanger , a former Abramoff deputy , pleaded guilty to lavishing congressional aides with meals and tickets to sporting events , concerts and the circus in exchange for help with legislation favorable to his clients .
_ Ann Copland , a former aide to Mississippi Sen .
Thad Cochran , pleaded guilty to taking more than $ 25,000 worth of concert and sporting event tickets in return for helping one of Abramoff 's top clients , the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians .
_ Roger Stillwell , a former Interior Department official , was sentenced to two years on probation in January 2007 after pleading guilty to a misdemeanor charge for not reporting hundreds of dollars worth of sports and concert tickets he received from Abramoff .
_ Former Abramoff business partner Adam Kidan was sentenced in Florida in March 2006 to nearly six years in prison for conspiracy and fraud in the 2000 purchase of the Fort Lauderdale - based SunCruz Casinos gambling fleet .
This article is fourth in a series , and draws on background covered in " Money : A New Beginning , " Part 1 and 2 , and " Money and the Crisis of Civilization . "
As the economic meltdown proceeds to its next phase , we begin to see the unreality of much that we thought real .
The verities of two generations become uncertain , and despite a lingering hope that a return to normalcy is just around the corner — in " the third quarter of 2009 " or " by the middle of 2010 " — the realization is dawning that normal is n't coming back .
When faced with an abrupt shift in personal reality , whether the death of a loved one , or the Gestapo coming into town , human beings usually react first with denial .
My first response when tragedy hits is usually , " I can't believe this is happening ! "
I was not surprised , then , that our nation 's political and corporate leaders spent a long time denying that a crisis was underway .
Consider some quotes from 2007 : " The country 's economic fundamentals are sound , " said George W. Bush .
" I do n't see subprime mortgage market troubles imposing a serious problem .
I think it 's going to be largely contained , " said Treasury Secretary Paulson .
" A recession is unlikely . "
" We are experiencing a correction in the housing sector . "
" America is not in recession . "
" It is likely that housing prices wo n't recover until early 2009 . "
Of course , many of these pronouncements were insincere , efforts at perception management .
The authorities hoped that by controlling the public perception of reality , they could control reality itself ; that by the manipulation of symbols they could manipulate the reality they represent .
This , in essence , is what anthropologists call " magico - religious thinking . "
It is not without reason that our financial elites have been called a priesthood .
Donning ceremonial garb , speaking an arcane language , wielding mysterious inscriptions , they can with a mere word , or a mere stroke of a pen , cause fortunes and nations to rise and fall .
You see , magico - religious thinking normally works .
Whether it is a shamanic rite , the signing of an appropriations bill , or the posting of an account balance , when a ritual is embedded in a story that people believe , they act accordingly , playing out the roles the story assigns to them , and responding to the reality the story establishes .
In former times , when a shamanic rite was seen to have failed , everyone knew this was a momentous event , signaling the End of the World , a shift in what was real and what was not , the end of the old Story of the People and the beginning , perhaps , of a new one .
What , from this perspective , is the significance of the accelerating failure of the rites of finance ?
We like to scoff at primitive cave - dwellers who imagined that their representations of animals on cave walls could magically affect the hunt .
Yet today we produce our own talismans , our own systems of magic symbology , and indeed affect physical reality through them .
A few numbers change here and there , and thousands of workers erect a skyscraper .
Some other numbers change , and a venerable business shuts its doors .
The foreign debt of a Third - World country , again mere numbers in a computer , consigns its people to endless enslavement producing commodity goods that are shipped abroad .
College students , ridden with anxiety , deny their dreams and hurry into the workforce to pay off their student loans , their very will subject to a piece of paper with magical symbols ( " Account Statement " ) sent to them once every moon , like some magical chit in a voodoo cult .
These slips of paper that we call money , these electronic blips , bear a potent magic indeed !
How does magic work ?
Rituals and talismans affirm and perpetuate the consensus stories we all participate in , stories which form our reality , coordinate our labor , and organize our lives .
Only in exceptional times do they stop working : the times of a breakdown in the story of the people .
We are entering such times today .
That is why none of the economic measures enacted so far to contain the crisis have worked , and why the current stimulus package wo n't work either .
None go deep enough .
The only reform that can possibly be effective will be one that embodies , affirms , and perpetuates a new story of the people ( if we can agree on one ) .
To see what that might be , let us dig down through the layers of failing realities and their relationship to money .
When the government 's first response to the crisis — denial — proved futile , the Federal Reserve and Treasury Department tried another sort of perception management .
Deploying their arsenal of mystical incantations , they signaled that the government would not allow major financial institutions such as Fannie Mae to fail .
They hoped that their assurances would be enough to maintain confidence in the assets that depended on these firms ' continued solvency and prosperity .
It would have worked if the story these symbolic measures invoked was not already broken .
But it was .
Specifically , what was broken was the story assigning value to mortgage - backed securities and other derivatives based on unrepayable loans .
Unlike camels or bushels of grain , but like all modern currencies , these have value only because people believe they have value .
Moreover , this is not an isolated belief , but is inextricably linked with millions of other beliefs , conventions , habits , agreements , and rituals .
The next step was to begin injecting massive amounts of cash into failing financial institutions , either in exchange for equity ( effectively nationalizing them , as in the case of Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and AIG ) , or in exchange for essentially nothing whatsoever , as in the TARP program .
In the latter , the Treasury Department ( using your tax dollars ) guaranteed or bought banks ' toxic assets in hopes of improving their balance sheets so that they would start lending again , thus keeping the credit bubble expanding .
It did n't work .
The banks just kept the money ( except what they paid to their own executives as bonuses ) as a hedge against their exposure to untold quantities of additional bad assets , or they used it to acquire smaller , healthier banks .
They were n't about to lend more to consumers who were already maxed out , nor to over - leveraged businesses in the teeth of a recession .
Property values continued to fall , credit default rates continued to rise , and the whole edifice of derivative assets built upon them continued to crumble .
Consumption and business activity plummeted , unemployment skyrocketed , and people in Europe began rioting in the streets .
And why ?
Just because some numbers changed in some computers .
It is truly amazing .
It only makes sense when you see these numbers as talismans embodying agreements .
A supplier digs minerals out of the ground and sends them to a factory , in exchange for what ?
For a few slips of paper , or more likely , in exchange for some bits moving around in a computer , which can only happen with the permission of a bank ( that " provides credit " ) .
Before we become too alarmed about the impending giveaway of $ 8 trillion dollars on top of the $ 2 trillion we have already given to the wealthy , let us touch back again upon the reality of money .
What actually happens when this money is given away ?
Almost nothing happens .
What happens is that bits change in computers , and the few people who understand the interpretations of those bits declare that money has been transferred .
Those bits are the symbolic representation of an agreement about a story .
This story includes who is rich and who is poor , who owns and who owes .
It is said that our children and grandchildren will be paying these bailout and stimulus debts , but they could also simply be declared into non-existence .
They are only as real as the story we agree on that contains them .
Our grandchildren will pay them only if the story , the system of meanings , that defines those debts still exists .
But I think more and more people sense that the federal debt , the U.S. foreign debt , and a lot of our private mortgage and credit card debts will never be repaid .
We think that those Wall Street tycoons absconded with billions , but what are these billions ?
They too are numbers in computers , and could theoretically be erased by fiat .
The same with the money we owe China .
It could be gone with a simple declaration .
We can thus understand the massive giveaways of money in the TARP , TALF , and PPIF programs as yet another exercise in perception management , though this time it is an unconscious exercise .
These giveaways are ritual acts that attempt to perpetuate a story , a matrix of agreements , and the human activities that surround it .
They are an attempt to uphold the magical power of the voodoo chits that keep the college grad on a career path and the middle - aged man enslaved to his mortgage ; that give the power to a few to move literal mountains , while keeping the many in chains .
Speaking of China , I find it instructive to look at the physical reality underlying the trade deficit .
Basically what is happening is that China is shipping us vast quantities of stuff — clothes , toys , electronics , nearly everything in Wal - Mart — and in return we rearrange some bits in some computers .
Meanwhile , Chinese laborers work just as hard as we do , yet their day 's wages buy much less .
In the old days of explicit empires , China would have been called a " vassal state " and the stuff it sends us would have been called " tribute . "
Yet China too will do everything it can to sustain the present Story of Money , for essentially the same reason we do : its elites benefit from it .
It is just as in Ancient Rome .
The elites of the imperial capital and the provinces prosper at the expense of the misery of the people , which increases over time .
To keep it in check , in the capital at least , the masses are kept docile and stupid with bread and circuses : cheap food , cheap thrills , celebrity news , and the Superbowl .
Whether we declare it to end , or whether it ends of its own accord , the story of money will bring down a lot with it .
That is why the United States wo n't simply default on its debt .
If it did , then the story under which the Middle East ships us its oil , Japan its electronics , India its textiles , and China its plastic would come to an end .
Unfortunately , or rather fortunately , that story cannot be saved forever .
The reasons are complex , so I 'll just point you in the right direction if you want to research it yourself .
Essentially , at some point China ( and other creditor nations ) will have to appreciate its currency , replace exports with domestic demand , and raise interest rates in order to combat disastrous inflation caused by its pumping yuan into its economy in exchange for all the dollars flowing in from its exporters .
The result will be a run on the dollar , a global calamity that will put an end to money as we have known it .
When that happens , our government will have only two choices : extreme austerity measures such as those we have long perpetrated on other countries through the IMF , or a bout of currency - destroying hyperinflation .
The latter is probably inevitable ; austerity would only stave it off temporarily .
That would be the end of our current story of money , for it would render all financial wealth ( and debt ) worthless .
When money evaporates as it is doing in the current cycle of debt deflation , little changes right away in the physical world .
Stacks of currency do not go up in flames ( but even if they did , that is not too momentous a physical event ) .
Factories do not blow up , engines do not grind to a halt , oil wells do not dry up , people 's economic skills do not disappear .
All of the materials and skills that are exchanged in human economy , upon which we rely for food , shelter , transportation , entertainment , and so on , still exist as before .
What has disappeared is our capacity to coordinate our activities and focus our common efforts .
We can still envision a new airport , but we can no longer build it .
The magic talisman by which the pronouncement , " An airport shall be built here " crystallizes into material reality has lost its power .
Human hands , minds , and machinery retain all their capacities , yet we can no longer do what we once could do .
The only thing that has changed is our perceptions .
Clearly , the TARP program and other bailouts are also an exercise in perception management , but on a deeper , less conscious level .
Because what is money , anyway ?
Money is merely a social agreement , a story that assigns meaning and roles .
The classical definition of money — a medium of exchange , a store of value , a unit of account — describe what money does , but not what it is .
Physically , it is now next to nothing : slips of paper , bits in computers .
Socially , it is next to everything : the primary agent for the coordination of human activity and the focusing of collective human intention .
The government 's deployment of trillions of dollars in money is thus little different from its earlier deployment of empty words .
Both are nothing but the manipulation of various types of symbols , and both have failed for an identical reason as well : the story they are trying to perpetuate has run its course .
The normalcy we took as normalcy was unsustainable .
It is unsustainable on two levels .
The first level is the debt pyramid , the exponential growth of money that inevitably outstrips the real economy .
The first level of unsustainable normalcy is based on what Michael Hudson calls " the miracle of compound interest . "
Interest rates always tend to exceed the rate of real economic growth , which in the absence of defaults means that money grows faster than the volume of goods and services it buys , and that debt grows faster than gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
This has indeed been the case in the last 60 years in the United States , as private debt has risen from about 50 % to about 350 % of GDP .
This cannot go on forever : to take an extreme example , a dollar invested at only 3 % interest in the year 1 A.D. would be worth about $ 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 today .
Such sustained exponential growth is obviously impossible , so what happens ?
What must happen is that from time to time , some of this money must disappear through one of two ways : defaults , or inflation .
Both of these results are ultimately good for debtors and bad for creditors ; they transfer wealth to those who owe from those who own .
Inflation means that the real value of loans shrinks over time : loans are repaid with cheaper dollars .
Defaults mean that some creditors do n't get paid back at all , and have to take a loss .
U.S. fiscal policy for the last two generations has attempted to prevent both , but the narrow road between them is shrinking to nothing .
If income from production of goods and services is insufficient to service debt , then the creditors begin to seize assets instead .
This is what has happened both in the American economy and globally .
Mortgages , for example , were originally a path toward owning your own home free and clear , starting with 20 % equity .
Today few ever dream of actually one day repaying their mortgage , but only of endlessly refinancing it , in effect renting the house from the bank .
Globally , Third World countries find themselves in a similar situation , as they are forced to sell off national assets and gut social services under IMF austerity programs .
Just as you might feel your entire productive labor is in the service of debt repayment , so is their entire economy directed toward producing commodity goods to repay foreign debt .
Eventually , debtors run out of seizable assets .
The crash underway today should have actually happened many years ago , except that various phony and inflated assets were created to keep it going a little longer as the financial industry cannibalized itself , covering debt with more debt .
The efforts to shore up this edifice cannot work , because it must keep growing — all those debts bear interest .
Yet the authorities keep trying .
When you hear the words " rescue the financial system , " translate it in your mind into " keep the debts on the books . "
They are trying to find a way for you ( and debtor nations too ) to keep paying and for the debt to keep growing .
A debt pyramid cannot grow forever , because eventually , after all the debtors ' assets are gone , and all their disposable income has been devoted to debt payments , creditors have no choice but to lend debtors the money to make their payments .
Soon the outstanding balance is so high that they have to borrow money even to pay interest , which means that money is no longer flowing , and can no longer flow , from debtor to creditor .
This is the final stage , usually short , though prolonged in our day by Wall Street 's financial " wizardry . "
The loans and any derivatives built on them begin to lose their value , and debt deflation ensues .
I have just described the leadup to a deflationary depression .
As it dawns on our leaders that we are not experiencing a mere " retrenchment , " " correction , " or " recession , " but are at the brink of a full - fledged deflationary depression , they are now beginning to act accordingly .
When debts become unpayable , one can either reduce or eliminate the debt entirely , or one can try to increase the income of the debtor so that he can continue to make payments .
The holders of wealth , whose interests determine government policy , would obviously prefer the latter , since a reduction in your debt is a reduction in their wealth .
Consequently , the first response of the Obama administration to the deflationary crisis is economic stimulus .
It will be more reluctant to adopt the second option , although we are beginning to hear calls for bank nationalizations , debt writedowns , and debt forgiveness now as well .
Both responses have as their ultimate goal the reigniting of economic growth , something nearly everyone agrees on .
Here we enter into a second , deeper , story of money .
I believe that even the most radical measures proposed today can have at best only a temporary effect : if they instigate economic growth it will be anemic and short - lived .
That is because economic growth as we define it today , and money as we define it today , is part of a Story of the People that too is becoming obsolete .
Reflecting this obsolescence , the true nature of the crisis will become apparent as each progressively more radical solution fails to restore the status quo .
What we are facing today is not merely a Minskian bubble collapse , nor merely , even a deflationary unwinding of credit : it is nothing less than a Marxian " historical crisis of capital , " resurging now at a time when all the measures that have kept it at bay for two centuries have finally been exhausted .
The Marxian crisis is deeply related to the depletion of social , cultural , natural , and spiritual capital I describe in previous essays of this series .
I will now describe this relationship , and then recast the Revolution in terms of a metamorphosis of the Story of the People .
First , a simplified description of a Marxian crisis .
Consider an industry , say automobiles , comprising a number of competing firms .
As competition forces profit margins lower and lower , each firm strives to cut costs and improve efficiency to avoid going out of business .
They do this by reducing labor costs , adopting new technology , and increasing manufacturing capacity to take advantage of economies of scale .
Several vicious circles begin .
For one , increased capacity drives prices and profit margins per unit still lower , forcing each firm to expand capacity still more to compete .
The policies that benefit each firm harm the industry as a whole : the response to industry - wide overcapacity is to build yet more capacity .
Second , reducing labor costs through wage cuts , layoffs , and labor - saving technology reduces the purchasing power of workers , leading to weaker demand , lower profits , and the need to reduce labor costs still further .
Weaker firms go out of business , capital is concentrated into fewer and fewer hands , and unemployment rises , leading to social breakdown and revolution .
More generally , once the fulfillment of essential human needs is removed from its organic matrix of nature and community and taken over by machine processes , it becomes subject to economies of scale and technological improvements in efficiency , allowing these needs to be met with decreasing human effort .
Marx , believing that profit comes from the expropriation of the added value of labor , concluded that profits will inevitably fall in any mature industry .
In other words , marginal return on capital falls , price competition increases , profits drop and wages drop along with them .
Needs can be met with less effort than ever before , yet because of the polarization of wealth , fewer and fewer of them actually are met .
A minority is awash in cheap junk it barely needs , while the majority lacks for the basic necessities it once enjoyed , without exchange of money , a generation or two before .
What is this overproduction that is so central to the crisis of capital ?
It means production in excess of human needs .
Therefore , one way to delay — perhaps forever — the Marxian crisis is to find new needs to meet .
Technology is the agent of this process : for example , the telephone met a need for long - distance communication , opening a new industry — telecommunications — for rapid growth and high profits .
The ideology I call the Technological Program says that there is no limit to technology 's ability to discover and meet new human needs .
Economists cite this as the primary flaw in Marx 's reasoning : he did n't account for our technological ability to innovate , to constantly create new high - profit industries to supplant mature ones .
This is an ideology of endless growth , an economy of onward and upward .
It scoffs at any naysayer who would question the infinite human capacity to create and innovate .
It says there are no limits to growth : certainly not energy — we will invent new energy technologies and reduce demand through miniaturization and efficiency .
Certainly not food supply — we will increase it through biotechnology while limiting human population growth and / or colonizing new planets and eventually engineering whole new ecosystems .
Marx was only right if human inventiveness is finite .
According to this understanding , the restless anxiety and competition inherent in our money system is a good thing , impelling us to fulfill our destiny as lords and masters of the universe .
As I have explained in earlier essays , money as we know it today has a built - in imperative to grow endlessly .
Its growth carries the underlying real economy along with it , motivating the endless creation of new goods and services , and therefore ( our ideology concludes ) the endless creation of new and undreamed of forms of wealth .
From within that ideology , the present economic crisis is seen as merely a financial crisis , caused by the expansion of credit outstripping the expansion of the real economy .
At worst , after a wave of bankruptcies and defaults , the excess money will have cleared away , and growth can begin anew .
The possibility and desirability of renewed growth is seldom questioned , except by committed environmentalists .
I would like to point out a fatal flaw in this logic , one that does not deny the infinite creativity of the human spirit .
I find most limits - of - growth arguments dispiriting , as they imply an arrest of our unique human gifts , culture and technology .
But there is a flaw in the critique of the inevitable Marxian crisis that does not depend on denying our gifts .
You see , generally speaking , technology does not actually meet new needs ; it merely changes the way in which existing needs are met .
Consider telecommunications .
Human beings do not have an abstract need for long - distance communication .
We have a need to stay in contact with people with whom we share emotional and economic ties .
In past times , these people were usually close by .
A hunter - gatherer or 14th century Russian peasant would have had little use for a telephone .
Telephones began to meet a need only when other developments in technology and culture spread human beings farther apart , splintering extended families and local communities .
So the basic need they meet is not something new under the sun .
Consider another technological offering , one to which my children , to my great consternation , seem irresistibly attracted : massively multi-player online fantasy role playing games .
The need these meet is not anything new under the sun either .
Pre-teens and teenagers have a strong need to go exploring , to have adventures , and to establish an identity via interactions with peers that reference this exploration and adventure .
In past times , this happened in the actual outdoors .
When I was a child we had nothing like the freedom of generations before us , as you might read about in Tom Sawyer , yet still my friends and I would sometimes wander for miles , to a creek or an unused quarry pit , an undeveloped hilltop , the train tracks .
Today , one rarely finds groups of kids roaming around , when every bit of land is fenced and marked with No Trespassing signs , and when society is obsessed with safety , and when children are so overscheduled and driven to perform .
Technology and culture have robbed children of something they deeply need , and then , in the form of video games , sold it back to them .
I remember the day I realized what was happening .
I happened to watch an episode of the Pokemon television show , which is basically about three kids roaming around having magical adventures .
These on - screen , fictitious , trademarked characters were having the magical adventures that real children once had , but now must pay for the privilege of watching .
As a result , GDP has grown .
New " goods and services " ( by definition , things that are part of the money economy ) have been created , replacing functions that were once fulfilled for free .
A little reflection reveals that nearly every good and service available today meets needs that were once met for free .
What about medical technology ?
Compare our own poor health with the marvelous health enjoyed by hunter - gatherers and primitive agriculturalists , and it is clear that we are purchasing , at great expense , our ability to physically function .
Child care ?
Food processing ?
Transportation ?
The textile industry ?
Space does not permit me to analyze each of these for what necessities have been stolen and sold back to us .
I will offer one more piece of evidence for my view : if the growth of money really were driving the technological and cultural meeting of new needs , then would n't we be more fulfilled than any humans before us ?
As Henry Miller wrote in The World of Sex ,
We devise astounding means of communication , but do we communicate with one another ?
We move our bodies to and fro at incredible speeds , but do we really leave the spot we started from ?
Mentally , morally , spiritually , we are fettered .
What have we achieved in mowing down mountain ranges , harnessing the energy of mighty rivers , or moving whole populations about like chess pieces , if we ourselves remain the same restless , miserable , frustrated creatures we were before ?
To call such activity progress is utter delusion .
We may succeed in altering the face of the earth until it is unrecognizable even to the Creator , but if we are unaffected wherein lies the meaning ?
Despite what the GDP statistics say , what has happened is not the creation of new wealth at all .
What has happened is the conversion of existing wealth into money .
We have converted nature into commodities and relationships into services .
From time to time throughout modern history , our ability to do this has reached a temporary impasse .
Whenever that happens , a Marxian crisis of capital looms : falling returns on capital investment ( falling profit margins ) , falling real wages , transfer of investment into financial speculation , rising indebtedness , and so on in a self - reinforcing circle of misery that can only end in systemic collapse .
So far , the powers that be have successfully postponed the crisis each time .
There are several ways to do so , but each is a temporary solution unless it can escalate indefinitely .
One is colonization : to find distant people who still meet their own needs without money , stripmine their natural resources and social capital from them , and sell enough back to them to keep them alive .
This strategy manifests as low wages and commodity exports .
Another strategy is war , which consumes vast amounts of production and destroys productive capacity and infrastructure so that it may be rebuilt again .
That was how WWII ended the Great Depression , and that is why so many companies lined up hungrily behind the United States armed forces hoping to get a piece of the reconstruction contracts for Iraq .
However , war too is becoming obsolete as a solution to the crisis of capital .
For one thing , productive capacity rises faster than the military industry 's ability to absorb it .
Secondly , with the advent of nuclear weapons , total war is no longer an option .
To maintain the exponential growth of money , then either the volume of goods and services must be able to keep pace with it , or imperialism and war must be able to escalate indefinitely .
All three have reached their limit .
There is nowhere to turn .
The credit bubble that is blamed as the source of our current economic woes was not a cause of them at all , but only a symptom .
When returns on capital investment began falling in the early 1970s , capital began a desperate search for other ways to maintain its expansion .
When each bubble popped — commodities in the late 1970s , S&L real estate investments in the 1980s , the dotcom stocks in the 1990s , and real estate and financial derivatives in the 2000s — capital immediately moved on to the next bubble , maintaining an illusion of economic expansion .
But the real economy was stagnating .
There were not enough needs to meet the overcapacity of production , not enough social and natural capital left to convert into money .
Today , the impasse in our ability to convert nature into commodities and relationships into services is not temporary .
There is little more we can convert .
Technological progress and refinements to industrial methods will not help us take more fish from the seas — the fish are mostly gone .
It will not help us increase the timber harvest — the forests are already stressed to capacity .
It will not allow us to pump more oil — the reserves are drying up .
We cannot expand the service sector — there are hardly any things we do for each other that we do n't pay for already .
There is no more room for economic growth as we have known it ; that is , no more room for the conversion of life and the world into money .
Therefore , even if we follow the more radical policy prescriptions from the left , hoping by an annulment of debts and a redistribution of income to ignite renewed economic growth , we can only succeed in depleting what remains of our divine bequeathment of nature , culture , and community .
At best , Obama 's policies as they stand today will allow a modest , shortlived expansion as the functions that were demonetized during the depression are remonetized .
For example , because of the economic situation , some friends and I cover for each other 's child care needs , whereas in prosperous times we sent our kids to preschool .
Our reciprocity represents an opportunity for economic growth : what we do for each other freely can be converted into monetized services .
Generalized to the whole society , this is only an opportunity to grow back to where we were before , at which point the same crisis will emerge again .
" Shrink in order to grow , " the essence of war and deflation , is only effective , and decreasingly so , as a holding action while new realms of unmonetized social and natural capital are accessed .
The story that is ending in our time , then , goes much deeper than the story of money .
I call this story The Ascent of Humanity .
It is a story of endless growth , and the money system we have today is an embodiment of that story , enabling and propelling the conversion of the natural realm into the human realm .
It began millennia ago , when humans first tamed fire and made tools ; it accelerated when we applied these tools to the domestication of animals and plants , and began to conquer the wild , to make the world ours .
It reached its glorious zenith in the age of the Machine , when we created a wholly artificial world , harnessing all the forces of nature and imagining ourselves to be its lords and possessors .
And now , that story is drawing to a close , as the inexorable realization dawns that the story is not true .
Despite our pretenses , the world is not really ours ; despite our illusions , we are not in control of it .
As the unintended consequences of technology proliferate , as our our communities , our health , and the ecological basis of civilization deteriorate , as we explore new depths of misery , violence , and alienation , we enter the final stages of a story nearing completion : crisis , climax , and denouement .
The rituals of our storytellers are to no avail .
No story can persist beyond its ending .
It is time , therefore , to enter into a new story , and a new kind of money that embodies it .
Just as life does not end with adolescence , neither does civilization 's evolution stop with the end of growth .
We are in the midst of a transition parallel to an adolescent 's transition into adulthood .
Physical growth ceases , and ones vital resources turn inward to foster growth in other realms .
In childhood , it is right for a person to do what is necessary to grow , both physically and mentally .
A good mother provides the resources for this growth , as our Mother Earth has done for us .
We began in the womb of hunter - gatherer existence , in which we made no distinction between human and nature , but were enwombed within it .
An infant does not have a strong self - other distinction , but takes time to form an identity and an ego , and to learn that the world is not an extension of the self .
So it has been for humanity collectively .
Whereas the hunter - gatherer had no concept of a separate " nature " distinct from " human " , the agriculturist , whose livelihood depending on the objectification and manipulation of nature , came to think of nature as a separate category .
In the childhood of agricultural civilization , humanity developed a separate identity and grew large .
We had our adolescent growth spurt with industry , and on the mental plane entered through Cartesian science the extreme of separation , the fully developed ego and hyperrationality of the teenager who , like humanity in the Age of Science , completes the stage of cognitive development known as " formal operations " , consisting of the manipulation of abstractions .
But as the extreme of yang contains the birth of yin , so does the extreme of separation contain the seed of what comes next : reunion .
Because in adolescence , you fall in love , and your world of perfect reason and perfect selfishness falls apart as the self expands to include the beloved within its bounds .
Fully individuated from the Other , you can fall in love with it , and experience a reunion greater than the original union , for it contains within it the entire journey of separation .
The environmental movement and numerous spiritual movements are all evidence that we are falling in love again with planet earth .
From this perspective , it is obvious that a money system that compels continued physical growth , that compels taking more and more from the earth , is obsolete .
It is incompatible with love , with reunion .
That is why no financial or economic reform can possibly work that does not include a new kind of money .
The new money must embody a new story , one that treats nature not as a mother but as a lover .
We will still have a need for money for a long time to come , because we need magical symbols to reify our Story of the People , to apply it to the physical world as a creative template .
The essential character of money will not change : it will consist of magical talismans , whether physical or electronic , through which we assign roles , focus intention , and coordinate human activity .
I have described the currency of Reunion in previous essays in this series , as well as in The Ascent of Humanity .
I want to emphasize that there is a personal , some might say spiritual , dimension to the metamorphosis of stories that we are entering .
Today 's usury - money is part of a story of separation , in which " more for me is less for you . "
That is the essence of interest : I will only " share " money with you if I end up with even more of it in return .
On the systemic level as well , interest on money creates competition , anxiety , and the polarization of wealth .
Meanwhile , the phrase " more for me is less for you " is also the motto of the ego , and a truism given the discrete and separate self of modern economics , biology , and philosophy .
Only when our sense - of - self expands to include others , through the process called love , is that truism replaced by its opposite : " More for you is also more for me . "
This is the essential truth embodied in the world 's authentic spiritual teachings , from Jesus 's Golden Rule , which has been misconstrued and should read : " As you do unto others , so also do you to unto yourself " , to the Buddhist doctrine of karma .
However , to merely understand and agree with these teachings is not enough ; many of us walk around with a divide between what we believe and what we live .
An actual transformation in the way we experience being is necessary , and such a transformation usually comes about in much the same way as our collective transformation is happening now : through a collapse of the old story of self and world , and the birth of a new one .
For the self , too , is ultimately a story , with a beginning and an end .
Have you ever gone through an experience that leaves you , afterward , hardly knowing who you are ?
The transition from the small , rational , ego self to a larger , more connected one normally happens in late adolescence and , according to Joseph Chilton Pearce , corresponds to developments in the mysterious " fourth brain " : the prefrontal cortex , whose functions are largely unknown .
Ancient tribal cultures had various coming - of - age ceremonies and ordeals that purposely shattered the smaller identity through isolation , pain , fasting , psychedelic plants , or other means , and then rebuilt and reincorporated it into a larger , transpersonal identity .
Though we intuitively seek them out in the form of drinking , drugs , fraternity and military hazing , and so on , modern men and women usually have only a partial experience of this process , leaving us in a kind of perpetual adolescence .
It ends only when fate intervenes to tear our world apart .
Then we can enter a wider self , in which giving comes just as naturally as taking .
Naturally , you give according to your abilities and , linked with others of like spirit , you receive according to your needs .
Not coincidentally , I have just paraphrased a fundamental tenet of socialism : " From each according to his abilities , to each according to his needs . "
This is a good description of any gift network , whether a human body , an ecosystem , or a tribal gift culture .
As previous essays describe , it is also a good description of an economy based on demurrage currency — money that , like all things of nature , decays with time .
Demurrage currency contributes to a very different story of the people , of the self , and of the world than usury - money .
It is cyclical rather than exponential , always returning to its source ; it redefines wealth as a function of one 's generosity and not one 's accumulation ; it is the manifestation of abundance not scarcity .
It has the potential to recreate the gift dynamics of primitive societies on a global scale , bringing forth human gifts and directing them toward human needs .
It nullifies the discounting of future cash flows that enables us to destroy the future for the sake of the present : under demurrage , the best business decision is the best ecological decision and the best social decision .
It is thus a currency of sustainability .
Because it is not compelled to grow over time , neither does it drag more and more of the world into the realm of commodities and services .
I remember as a teenager reading Ayn Rand 's Atlas Shrugged , whose black - and - white characters , hyperrationality , and moral absolutism appealed strongly to my adolescent mind .
The book is a manifesto of the discrete and separate self , the mercenary ego , and it appeals to adolescent minds to this day .
Alan Greenspan is a great fan , though perhaps he too is going through a transformation as the world falls apart .
In any event , the book devoted its most vitriolic ridicule to the phrase " From each according to his abilities , to each according to his needs , " painting a picture of people outdoing each other in their self - portrayals of neediness so that they could be allotted a greater share of resources , while producers had no motivation to produce .
This scenario , which was in certain respects played out in the communist block , echoes a primal fear of the scarcity - conditioned modern self — what if I give , and receive nothing in return ?
This desire of an assurance of return , a compensation for the risk of generosity , is the fundamental mindset of interest and , as I have described , an adolescent mindset to be superseded by a more expansive adult self that has matured into full membership in the community of being .
But do n't just take my word for it .
A little reflection reveals that no one can be fulfilled without the opportunity to give fully of her gifts .
What makes a job unfulfilling ?
No matter how highly paid , if you lack the opportunity to fully apply your gifts toward a purpose that inspires you , any job eventually becomes soul - destroying .
We are here to express our gifts ; it is among our deepest desires and we can not be fully alive otherwise .
The Marxian crisis of capital offers another perspective on the expression of human gifts .
Most needs have been monetized , while the amount of labor needed to meet those monetized needs is falling .
Therefore , in order for human gifts to receive their full expression , all this excess human creativity must therefore turn elsewhere , toward needs or purposes that are inimical to the money of Separation .
For indeed , the regime of money has destroyed , and continues to destroy , much that is beautiful — indeed , every public good that can not be made private .
Here are a few examples : a starry night sky free of light pollution ; a countryside free of road noise ; a vibrant multi-cultural local urban economy ; unpolluted lakes , rivers , and seas ; the ecological basis of human civilization .
Many of us have gifts that would contribute to all of these things , yet no one will pay us to give them .
That 's because money as we know it ultimately rests on converting the public into the private .
The new money will encourage the opposite , and the conflict between our ideals and practical financial reality will end .
The era of taking will be over .
The era of the Gift will begin .
Usury - money is the money of growth , and it was perfect for humanity 's growth stage on earth , and for the story of ascent , of dominance and mastery .
The next stage is one of cocreative partnership with earth .
The Story of the People for this new stage is coming together right now .
Its weavers are the visionaries of fields like permaculture , holistic medicine , renewable energy , mycoremediation , local currencies , restorative justice , attachment parenting , and a million more .
To undo the damage that the Age of Usury has wrought on nature , culture , health , and spirit will require all the gifts that make us human , and indeed is so impossibly demanding that it will take those gifts to a new level of development .
Just as usury - money has mobilized humanity 's gifts for the purposes of growth and domination , the new money will mobilize them for healing and beauty .
Because money will not be under compulsion to grow , no longer will art be under compulsion to sell itself .
Today , any endeavor that does not involve an expansion of the realm of monetized goods and services must go against the economic current .
Such is the character of exponential money .
But cyclical money has a different character : anything that violate 's nature 's law " Waste is food " will go against the economic current .
The division between work and art will disappear , and it will no longer be possible to be a sellout .
The conflict between our idealism and economic necessity will vanish .
This might seem hopelessly naive , vague , and idealistic .
I draw out the logic in The Ascent of Humanity and the previous essays in this series .
My upcoming book will flesh it out in greater detail .
For now , weigh the competing voices of your idealism and your cynicism , and ask yourself , " Can you bear to settle for anything less ? "
Can you bear to accept a world of great and growing ugliness ?
Can you stand to believe that it is inevitable ?
You cannot .
Such a belief will slowly but surely kill your soul .
That is because it is not true .
The mind likes cynicism , its comfort and safety , and hesitates to believe anything extraordinary , but the heart urges otherwise ; it urges us to beauty , and only by heeding its call can we dare create a new Story of the People .
We are here to create something beautiful ; I call it " the more beautiful world our hearts tell us is possible . "
As the truth of that sinks in , deeper and deeper , and as the convergence of crises pushes us out of the old world , I think that more and more people will live from that truth : the truth that more for you is not less for me ; the truth that what I do unto you , so I do unto myself ; the truth of living to give what you can and take what you need .
We can start doing it right now .
We are afraid , but when we do it for real , the world meets our needs and more .
We then find that the story of Separation , embodied in the money we have known , is not true and never was .
Yet , the last ten millennia were not in vain .
Sometimes it is necessary to live a lie to its fullest before we are ready to take the next step into the truth .
The lie of separation in the age of usury is now complete .
We have explored its fullness , its furthest extremes , and seen all it has wrought , the deserts and the prisons , the concentration camps and the wars , the wastage of the good , the true , and the beautiful .
Now , the capacities we have developed through this long journey of ascent will serve us well in the imminent Age of Reunion .
Image by OCReactive , courtesy of Creative Commons license .
Published online 26 February 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.127
News
Carte blanche for Malawi and Kenya to spend health research funds from international donors .
Health research in Malawi and Kenya is set for a big boost .
Punchstock
A funding programme for health research will for the first time hand complete control to its African recipients along with the cash , development experts say .
Launched this week , the Health Research Capacity Strengthening ( HRCS ) initiative will give £ 10 million ( US $ 14.3 million ) each to Malawi and Kenya to spend as they see fit over a period of five years .
Funding will come from British and Canadian charities and government .
The money will , among other things , train researchers , refurbish labs and set up mechanisms to make sure research results are used in policymaking .
In Kenya , the funding will be channelled through a new non-governmental organisation , the Consortium for National Health Research ( CNHR ) .
In Malawi , the National Research Council will be in charge of funding decisions .
The body received just US $ 286,000 from the Malawian government in 2008 , so the new money is a considerable addition to its coffers .
At first , both bodies will receive assistance to ensure sound financial management , but this support is not expected to last longer than three years .
Loans — but not grants — have been provided on this basis before , for example , through the World Bank 's Millennium Science Initiative .
" We will have representation on the two bodies but we are not going to be making the decisions , " says Jimmy Whitworth , head of international activities at the Wellcome Trust , a UK medical research charity that is funding the new grant along with the UK's Department for International Development and Canada 's International Development Research Council .
Fledgling funders
International development funders are meant to align their agendas with the priorities of the countries receiving support under the 2005 Paris Declaration on Aid Effectiveness .
Funders normally do this by consulting developing countries when devising science aid programmes , but having a panel of in - country experts to deal with grant applications is a new approach .
The donors hope the funding will help the countries develop and implement high - quality research programmes that meet their own needs .
The new way is more expensive than making funding decisions in London , says Whitworth , but the outcomes should be better .
" As they are on the ground , they should be able to do it more efficiently and effectively than we would , " he says .
African scientists see the funding as a vote of confidence .
" The agenda will not be set in London or Washington .
This is what makes this initiative so unique and important , " says Thomas Egwang , executive director of the African Academy of Sciences , based in Nairobi , Kenya .
It 's not just about African countries setting the agenda for this one programme , he says : the grant - making capacity that will be built could inspire more health research funders to channel grants through the new funding agencies .
Currently , Kenyan health research is weak , even though the country hosts many international research projects .
" Health research in Kenya is not well coordinated and it does not respond to the national health needs , " says J. P. R. Ochieng , deputy director of the CNHR , which will distribute the Kenyan funding .
The unpredictability of donor funding also means that many Kenyan scientists are underfunded , he adds .
Leveraging more
In the long term Ochieng and his colleagues hope to encourage the Kenyan government to put more money into health research — it funds very little at the moment .
They also want to raise an endowment from international donors that could provide a more stable source of funding for medical research in Kenya .
ADVERTISEMENT
The HRCS initiative is unlikely to stay unique for long .
In a separate programme , the Wellcome Trust has joined forces with the Indian government 's Department of Biotechnology to fund postdoctoral researchers in the country through a new , independent trust based in New Delhi .
The European Union is also planning to fund a " mini- framework programme " for African researchers , similar to the much larger programmes it runs in Europe .
The funding — rumoured to be in the region of € 30 million ( US $ 38 million ) — would be distributed by a body hosted in Africa , based on priorities identified by Africans .
It is important that the lessons from Malawi and Kenya are communicated to other donors , says Neil French , a UK epidemiologist who has been based in Africa for most of the past 15 years .
He warns against excessively high expectations for this first attempt .
" Even a credible and functioning research council would in my mind be a real step forward , and given hurdles like transparency , audit and political meddling , that is not guaranteed , " he says .
Sunday 11 January 2009 Carl Watner on the Whiskey Rebellion of 1794 Share This :
By Carl Watner
Imagine that you were the leader of a revolutionary government that had recently and successfully wrested power from its parent country .
Imagine that some of your citizens refused to obey the laws that you and your legislature had promulgated .
What would you do ?
Would you ignore their disobedience ; or would you send the police and army after them ?
How would you assert your authority , and maintain the power and legitimacy of your government ?
Such a situation faced President George Washington and Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton after Congress passed a federal revenue law on March 3 , 1791 . [ 1 ]
How they responded to this and other early threats to their power illustrates that even newly - founded and limited governments , so - called , share the same predicament as established States .
They must collect their revenues regardless of the cost .
If they fail to suppress disobedience , they will only be faced with more disobedience , with the end result being an ultimate challenge to their existence .
Over the years , I have published articles describing the western Pennsylvania Whiskey Rebellion of 1794 .
My purpose in those articles has generally been to demonstrate that our early American government has always had , and always exercised , its sovereign power to tax and seize the property or body of anyone refusing to pay their taxes . [ 2 ]
What recently renewed my interest in the topic was reading an article on civil disobedience in the Kentucky territory during the same era . [ 3 ]
As it turns out , resistance to payment of the federal excise tax on whiskey was widespread in all American frontier areas , from northern New York to southern Georgia .
Furthermore , as Mary Tachau , author of this study , observes ; until recently " this remarkable story of tax evasion " has experienced a near historical blackout and cover-up . [ 4 ]
Resistance to the excise was part and parcel of the frontiersman 's British heritage and tradition .
The inhabitants of the British Isles , especially Irishmen , had distilled their own whiskey for centuries .
When a levy on spirits in Ireland was introduced in 1661 , " it was totally ignored . " [ 5 ]
Englishmen , too , developed a " hearty dislike " for excise taxes . [ 6 ]
In the era before modern science , whiskey was valued not only for its intoxicating effects , but for its use as an anesthetic , antiseptic , and common everyday medicine .
To the frontier farmer , distilling was not only a natural birthright , but a condition necessary to his economic survival .
It was practically the only way to convert his grain into ready money , by transporting it over the mountains to where there was a cash market for his brew .
As far as the American frontiersman was concerned , his whiskey and freedom hung together . [ 7 ]
He owned the seed grain , he owned the land , he labored to harvest the crop , and he used his own equipment to distill the brew .
Whose property had he violated ; whom had he hurt ; and was there any identifiable party to whom he owed money for the right to do as he pleased ?
" To convert [ his ] grain into spirits was considered to be as [ much ] a natural right as to convert grain into flour " for his bread .
Why should he be subject to a duty for drinking his grain , rather than eating it ? [ 8 ]
[ Read the rest ... ]
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Sunday 11 January 2009 - 15:08:56 - Permalink " Freedom an ' whisky gang thegither " :
The Problem of Governance in the Early American RepublicBy Carl WatnerImagine that you were the leader of a revolutionary government that had recently and successfully wrested power from its parent country .
Imagine that some of your citizens refused to obey the laws that you and your legislature had promulgated .
What would you do ?
Would you ignore their disobedience ; or would you send the police and army after them ?
How would you assert your authority , and maintain the power and legitimacy of your government ?
Such a situation faced President George Washington and Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton after Congress passed a federal revenue law on March 3 , 1791 . [ 1 ]
How they responded to this and other early threats to their power illustrates that even newly - founded and limited governments , so - called , share the same predicament as established States .
They must collect their revenues regardless of the cost .
If they fail to suppress disobedience , they will only be faced with more disobedience , with the end result being an ultimate challenge to their existence .
Over the years , I have published articles describing the western Pennsylvania Whiskey Rebellion of 1794 .
My purpose in those articles has generally been to demonstrate that our early American government has always had , and always exercised , its sovereign power to tax and seize the property or body of anyone refusing to pay their taxes . [ 2 ]
What recently renewed my interest in the topic was reading an article on civil disobedience in the Kentucky territory during the same era . [ 3 ]
As it turns out , resistance to payment of the federal excise tax on whiskey was widespread in all American frontier areas , from northern New York to southern Georgia .
Furthermore , as Mary Tachau , author of this study , observes ; until recently " this remarkable story of tax evasion " has experienced a near historical blackout and cover-up . [ 4 ]
Resistance to the excise was part and parcel of the frontiersman 's British heritage and tradition .
The inhabitants of the British Isles , especially Irishmen , had distilled their own whiskey for centuries .
When a levy on spirits in Ireland was introduced in 1661 , " it was totally ignored . " [ 5 ]
Englishmen , too , developed a " hearty dislike " for excise taxes . [ 6 ]
In the era before modern science , whiskey was valued not only for its intoxicating effects , but for its use as an anesthetic , antiseptic , and common everyday medicine .
To the frontier farmer , distilling was not only a natural birthright , but a condition necessary to his economic survival .
It was practically the only way to convert his grain into ready money , by transporting it over the mountains to where there was a cash market for his brew .
As far as the American frontiersman was concerned , his whiskey and freedom hung together . [ 7 ]
He owned the seed grain , he owned the land , he labored to harvest the crop , and he used his own equipment to distill the brew .
Whose property had he violated ; whom had he hurt ; and was there any identifiable party to whom he owed money for the right to do as he pleased ?
" To convert [ his ] grain into spirits was considered to be as [ much ] a natural right as to convert grain into flour " for his bread .
Why should he be subject to a duty for drinking his grain , rather than eating it ? [ 8 ]
WE ARE CURRENTLY UNDER A DDOS ATTACK
What is a DDOS Attack : A Distributed Denial of Service ( DDoS ) attack is an attempt to make an online service unavailable by overwhelming it with traffic from multiple sources .
We have been under a severe DDOS attack that has forced us to temporarily block all users .
We are working hard to resolve the issue .
We are truly sorry for any inconvenience .
We 'll be back soon !
Now that Ponzi schemer Bernie Madoff has pleaded guilty to defrauding his investors for $ 50 billion , Cramer ’s turning his attention to the people who let it happen .
Watch his latest outrage against the SEC and all the regulators who failed to do their jobs when it mattered most .
Questions for Cramer ?
madmoney@cnbc.com
Questions , comments , suggestions for the Mad Money website ?
madcap@cnbc.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Childhood obesity is set before the age of five , ministers will hear from researchers later .
Compared to children in the 1980s , today 's youngsters are fatter and most of their excess weight gain happens before school age , they will say .
This suggests initiatives to prevent childhood obesity should be started before school , suggest the authors .
The EarlyBird Diabetes study of 233 children from birth to puberty is being published in the journal Pediatrics .
One in four children aged four to five in England are overweight , latest figures show .
Disease ' of our time '
At birth , the children in the study were of similar weight to babies 25 years ago , but had gained more fat by puberty compared with children of the same age in the 1980s .
When they reach the age of five the die seems to be cast
Professor Terry Wilkin
Peninsula Medical School
The bulk of this excess weight was gained before the children were five .
Weight at five years bore little relation to birth weight , but closely predicted weight at nine years old .
Before an obese girl reaches school age she will have already gained 90 % of her excess weight , and boys will have gained 70 % of their excess weight .
Lead researcher Professor Terry Wilkin , of the Peninsula Medical School , Plymouth , said : " When they reach the age of five the die seems to be cast , at least until the age of puberty .
" What is causing it is very difficult to know . "
He said there must be a factor now that was not there 25 years ago which is making today 's children obese .
And , given the young age , this is likely to be in a child 's home rather than school environment and linked to upbringing rather than schooling .
Diet blamed Rather than lack of physical exercise , he believes diet could be to blame .
" It is entirely possible that the calorie density of food and portion sizes could be higher . "
Obesity is one of the few medical problems that can be reversed very , very quickly
Sir Liam Donaldson
Chief Medical Officer for England
He said strategies to prevent childhood obesity and its associated health problems , such as type 2 diabetes , might do better to focus on pre-school children .
Professor Wilkin said there had been a lot of focus on school meals , PE time , school runs , television viewing and computer games in the development of childhood obesity , but these are all issues for school age children .
But he said the mandatory measurement of the height and weight of all children in England on school entry at the age of four or five could be helpful , not only as a record of national obesity trends , but also as a pointer to future risk for the individual child .
Sir Liam Donaldson , the chief medical officer for England , said it was no exaggeration to describe soaring rates of obesity as an " impending crisis " .
He said : " We need to get in early and build the foundations to healthy living from a very early stage . "
However , he added : " It is never too late .
Obesity is one of the few serious medical problems that can be reversed very , very quickly . "
Sir Liam said eating five portions of fruit and vegetables a day was one of the most important elements of a healthy diet .
David Haslam , of the National Obesity Forum , said : " It is never too late or too early to intervene .
The earlier the better in terms of long - term outlook . "
He said early childhood obesity was likely to be down to environment and learned behaviours .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
See full bio »
As the song states , " The Stars at Night are big and bright ... Deep in the Heart of Texas ! "
That 's what Texas Battle has , heart .
A heart and desire for acting .
This young man is taking Hollywood by storm the past couple years !
He will now be one of Daytime 's hottest hunks as he just started a three year contract role on Reich und schön ( 1987 ) ...
Born : August 9 , 1976 in in Houston , Texas , USA
On , Tristan moved his fingers in response to a request from a doctor .
On March 13th , 2009 , Tristan Anderson , from Oakland , California was critically wounded in the village of Ni'lin after Israeli forces shot him in the head with a high - powered tear - gas canister .
Tristan is a dedicated activist and reporter who has long been committed to social and environmental justice in the U.S. and abroad in places such as Oaxaca , Iraq , and Palestine .
Tristan has posted his reports to Indybay since 2001 .
As a result of his injuries , Tristan Anderson , 38 years old , has been taken to Israeli hospital Tel Hashomer , near Tel Aviv .
Anderson is unconscious and had been bleeding heavily from the nose and mouth .
He sustained a serious injury to his forehead where he was struck by the canister .
He is currently being operated on .
" Tristan was shot by the new tear - gas canisters that can be shot up to 500 meters , " reports Teah Lunqvist ( Sweden ) with the International Solidarity Movement .
" I ran over as I saw someone had been shot , while the Israeli forces continued to fire tear - gas at us .
When an ambulance came , the Israeli soldiers refused to allow the ambulance through the checkpoint just outside the village .
After 5 minutes of arguing with the soldiers , the ambulance passed .
" Tristan Anderson was shot as Israeli forces attacked a demonstration against the construction of the annexation wall through the village of Ni'lin 's land .
Another resident from Ni'lin was shot in the leg with live ammunition .
Several other demonstrators against the wall have been killed or rendered brain dead as a result of IDF use of rubber - coated steel bullets and live ammunition in the villages of Ni'ilin and Bil'in .
Other ISM activists killed or injured by Israeli forces : Rachel Corrie , killed by a bulldozer in March 16th , 2003 ; Brian Avery , shot in the face in April 2003 ; and Tom Hurndall , shot to death in 2004 .
7141 Palestinians have been killed by Israel since September 2000 .( he also posted as " Eric Blair " and " Cricket " ) :
( CNN ) --
The Vermont Senate voted overwhelmingly Monday to legalize same - sex marriage , potentially setting the stage for a high - profile legislative showdown and breaking a new political barrier in the state that made history in 2000 by becoming the first to approve civil unions for gay and lesbian couples .
Gov. Jim Douglas says he supports civil unions but not the bill .
He wants the Legislature to focus on the economy .
If the bill becomes law , Vermont will become the first state to legalize same - sex marriage without being forced to do so by the courts .
The bill , which passed the 30 - member chamber by a 26 - 4 margin , moves to the Vermont House , where it is also expected to be approved .
Republican Gov. Jim Douglas , however , has said he does n't support the bill .
" Gov. Douglas agrees with President Obama that marriage is between a man and a woman .
He supports Vermont 's current civil union law , which provides equal rights , benefits and responsibilities to Vermonters in civil unions , " Douglas spokeswoman Dennise Casey said .
He also " believes this bill is a distraction from the important work the Legislature needs to do to pass a responsible budget and get our economy going again , " Casey added .
It is unclear whether both chambers of the Vermont Legislature would vote to override a potential gubernatorial veto .
Another Senate vote on the bill was set for Tuesday , but Monday 's vote was the main one , according to the Burlington Free Press newspaper .
The House Judiciary Committee will start hearing testimony on the bill Tuesday afternoon , the newspaper said .
Currently , only Massachusetts and Connecticut allow same - sex marriage .
Vermont , New Hampshire and New Jersey allow civil unions for gay and lesbian couples .
Vermont legalized civil unions nine years ago in response to a ruling from its high court .
Nationwide , the issue of same - sex marriage remains highly divisive .
A June 2008 CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll found that 44 percent of adult Americans believe gay marriage should be recognized by law as valid ; 53 percent are opposed .
The issue took center stage in the nation 's largest state in November , when California voters narrowly approved a proposition amending the state constitution to ban same - sex marriage .
California had been issuing marriage licenses to same - sex couples since a May 2008 ruling by the state Supreme Court legalized the unions .
California 's high court heard arguments three weeks ago in a case tackling the constitutionality of the controversial ballot proposition .
It has not yet issued a decision .
The 1996 federal Defense of Marriage Act effectively bars the federal government from recognizing same - sex unions by defining marriage as " a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife " and a spouse as " a person of the opposite sex who is a husband or a wife . "
All About Same - Sex Marriage • Vermont • California • Connecticut • New Jersey • Barack Obama
I HAVE never been a smoker , so as I sit at the bar , chin resting on one hand , I try to remember how Audrey Hepburn did it .
I take a gentle drag and exhale .
A white mist wafts around my face as I wait for the rush of nicotine hitting my brain .
People start to stare .
Then the inevitable happens : “ Hey , you ca n’t smoke that in here . ”
Only in this case I can , because I ’m not really smoking .
I ’ve just “ lit up ” an e-cigarette , a battery - powered electronic device that I bought for $ 60 from a UK website .
It looks just like a real cigarette – the tip even glows red – and with every drag a few micrograms of nicotine from a disposable cartridge ( I got six with my purchase ) should reach my lungs .
My e-cigarette even produces puffs of “ smoke ” , but it is n’t burning , and so it ’s not banned .
I ’m not the only one smoking these sticks .
In the growing number of public places worldwide where smoking has been banned , a new breed of smoker has appeared puffing on similar gadgets .
 The e-cigarette is not burning anything and so does n’t produce any of the toxic products of combustion 
E-cigarettes may help smokers evade the ban , but do they also help them evade the health consequences of smoking or give the habit up altogether ?
In September 2008 the World Health Organization issued a statement warning smokers that there was no evidence to back up claims that e-cigarettes could help them quit .
So what do we know about them and is there any evidence that inhaling the chemicals they contain may be harmful …
Mohamed was arrested in Pakistan in April 2002 and taken to Morocco by the CIA .
He was transferred via Afghanistan and Bagram air base and arrived at Guantánamo in September 2004 .
Last June US authorities charged him over an alleged al - Qaida plot to detonate a dirty bomb in American apartment buildings .
Three months later the charges were dropped .
Here are some extracts from Mohamed 's diary , as told to lawyer Clive Stafford Smith .
Morocco " torture prison "
Sunday 28 July 2002
They [ my interrogators ] asked about a heritage centre [ a mosque ] in north Kensington , about five minutes from where I lived , where I worked from October 2000 to about May 2001 .
They showed me pictures and asked about people who had been there .
Tuesday 30 July 2002
Today I was questioned about my links with Britain .
The interrogator told me that we have been working with the British , and we have photos of people given to us by MI5 .
" Do you know these ? "
Sunday 4 August 2002
They had brought pictures , all of British people .
" This is the British file , " they said .
Sarah [ an interrogator ] picked up the pictures of two British people and told their whole story , about how they were suspected of being al - Qaida .
Wednesday 7 August 2002 ( night )
It was then that the circle of torture began .
They 'd ask me a question .
I 'd say one thing .
They 'd say it was a lie .
I 'd say another .
They 'd say it was a lie .
I could not work out what they wanted to hear .
They 'd say there 's this guy who says you 're the big man in al - Qaida .
I 'd say it 's a lie .
They 'd torture me .
I 'd say , okay it 's true .
That night the same people came back .
The same guy punched me till I could n't stand .
I was making noises , groaning , I could n't breathe .
August 2002 , exact date unknown
They cut off my clothes with some kind of doctor 's scalpel .
I was totally naked .
I was afraid to ask Marwan [ interrogator ] what would happen , because it would show fear .
I tried to put on a brave face .
But maybe I was going to be raped .
Maybe they 'd electrocute me .
Maybe castrate me .
One of them took my penis in his hand and began to make cuts .
He did it once , and they stood still for maybe a minute , watching my reaction .
I was in agony , crying , trying desperately to suppress myself , but I was screaming .
They must have done this 20 to 30 times , in maybe two hours .
There was blood all over .
September 2002
They cuffed me and put earphones on my head .
They played hip - hop and rock music , very loud .
I remember they played Meatloaf and Aerosmith over and over .
I hated that .
Afghanistan ' dark prison ' , Kabul
22 January 2004
They knocked my head against a wall a few times until I could feel blood , then I was thrown into a cell .
It was cell number 16 or 17 , the second or third last room from the shower room .
Interrogation was right from the start .
The CIA worked on people , including me , day and night for the months before I left .
Plenty lost their minds .
I could hear people knocking their heads against the walls and the doors , screaming their heads off .
Guantánamo Bay
May 2005
I want to get out of this hellish cell , and back to my home on the Golborne Road [ north Kensington , London ] .
Index of Poems
First Proses
The Sun was still warm ...
Invocation to Venus
Charles d'Orléans to Louis XI
A Heart under a Cassock
I saw a video of these guys couple of days agohere 's a better versionhope you like ithail to those who die for their country
… le bonheur et l ’innocence de la lecture , qui est peut - être en effet une danse avec un partenaire invisible dans un espace séparé , une danse joyeuse , éperdue , avec le « tombeau » .
Légèreté à qui il ne faut pas souhaiter le mouvement d’un souci plus grave , car là où la légèreté nous est donnée , la gravité ne manque pas … — Maurice Blanchot , L’espace litteraire
Via This Space , I came across the above quote by Maurice Blanchot , whose life , according to his publisher Gallimard , “ was devoted entirely to literature and its peculiar silence ” .
Blanchot describes reading as a “ joyful , frenzied dance with the grave ” , a “ lightness ” that needs no greater sorrow , for where there ’s lightness , “ there ’s gravity ” .
I cannot quite decipher Blanchot ’s paradoxical notions about the act of reading , and death never figures prominently in my reading experiences ( not my own death , anyway , or at the very least not a conscious fear of death ) .
Yet in accounts from other , more seasoned readers , the idea that the reader wrestles with death through the very act of reading crops up again and again .
Unfortunately , I have n’t been taking notes along the way , being too young and too lucky to have been bothered by the spectre death .
I do , however , know that once I pass away , I would very much like to have the epitaph of the young Benjamin Franklin written on my tombstone :
The body of
B. Franklin , Printer
( Like the Cover of an Old Book
Its Contents torn Out
And Stript of its Lettering and Gilding )
Lies Here , Food for Worms .
But the Work shall not be Lost ;
For it will ( as he Believ ’d ) Appear once More
In a New and More Elegant Edition
Revised and Corrected
By the Author .
( The woodcut is from Totentanz , by Hans Holbein the Younger . )
The Complete Set of Vintage Star Wars Toys
If you are a huge fan of the original Star Wars series and are over the age of thirty , this will probably hit close to home .
Do you remember when you were a kid and more or less had the complete collection of Star Wars toys ?
Now , do you remember when you gave them to either your nephew or the kid down the street because you thought you had ' grown out of toys ' ?
Now do you remember after a few years had passed and you realized how big of a collectors item the Star Wars Toys had become ; then how badly you wanted to break into your nephew 's house and steal the toys back so you could sell them and make a small fortune ?
Well , for those of you that lived through this scenario this picture set is for you .
This picture contains the entire collection of Star Wars figurines from the original Star Wars , The Empire Strikes Back , Return of the Jedi and Power of the Force .
Just in case you wanted to know how much money you gave to your little nephew , think somewhere in the tune of $ 4000 to $ 5000 USD depending on the condition the toys were in ..
Cheap flight to Different Countries of the World
Below you will find some of the current special airfares to different cities / countries like cheap flights to Germany , France or domestic flights within the USA like to Orlando , Washington or Atlanta .
These airfares are updated regularly , so everything depends on flight availability .
If you do not find the lowest flight fares available , make sure you check different dates or surrounding airports .
This will give you more and different flight options .
If you have not found here the country or city you plan to visit it does not mean that you cannot book a cheap flight to that city .
All you need to use the flight search form ( can be found on almost every page of this website ) and enter your origin and destination cities , possible travel dates and / or flexibility / preferences .
If you ’re looking for cheap airline tickets to Las Vegas from Frankfurt , the result page will show you a list of all possible and affordable flights on different airlines from Frankfurt to Las Vegas .
So you can make a choice of the dates , flights or airlines .
Be Sociable , Share !
Passengers are not being fairly compensated , a report says Some of the biggest no -frills airlines , such as Ryanair and Easyjet , are the slowest to pay up when they lose or damage baggage , a report has said .
The Air Transport Users Council ( AUC ) study said passengers were not being fairly compensated for lost luggage .
AUC chairman Tina Tietjen said : " Airlines are still too quick to load the risk onto the passenger . "
Airlines around the world ' mishandled ' 42 million bags in 2007 and irretrievably lost more than a million .
Depreciating value
The AUC report said that airlines were too often acting like insurance companies , instead of paying for lost baggage .
Some airlines were trying to improve baggage handling but passengers were not being fairly compensated , it said .
LOST LUGGAGE Ryanair " often limits passengers to £ 15 whatever the length of the bag delay " Jet2 airline " refuses to reimburse passengers for claims under £ 30 " A passenger claimed £ 1,120 for a lost bag , but had no receipts .
The airline paid £ 79.34 A claim for a surfboard crushed during a flight totalled £ 768.99 .
The passenger was offered £ 66.95 because he had no receipt and the board was three years old From cases cited in the AUC report
' My lost luggage headache ' Carriers like Easyjet and Ryanair , with their simple point - to - point networks , were less likely to mislay baggage - but once lost , their passengers found it harder to get compensation .
Complaints showed travellers were sometimes asked for receipts for each item of lost luggage , the AUC said .
In other cases , airlines were taking into account the depreciating value of items .
The report added that the problem was the worst it had been in recent years .
Ms Tietjen said : " If something goes wrong , airlines should be prepared to compensate their passengers fairly .
" Complaints to the AUC show that passengers often struggle to get reasonable redress from airlines after the event . "
Even with delayed baggage , passengers could be left out of pocket , she added : " Airlines will not reimburse them fully for expenses they incurred buying essential items whilst they are without their bag . "
Ms Tietjen commended the efforts of airlines to improve their baggage handling performance , but said they also needed to turn their attention to what happens when things go wrong .
Figures published in the AUC report showed 42 million bags were mishandled in 2007 compared with 34 million in 2006 and 30 million in 2005 .
The AUC said that , with the number of air travellers expected to double in the next decade , airlines could be mishandling as many as 70 million bags a year by 2019 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ Update 03/30/2009 :
After making sure that people wo n’t be able to bring down my server , you can try a live example , by clicking the following link ( you will still need Google Earth on your computer ) :
Trace the path from my server to your system ]
[ Update 04/07/2009 :
If you like this post , you may also want to take a look at the Google Earth Forensics post , which is IMHO a lot cooler 🙂 ]
[ Update 04/16/2009 : I added a link to source code at the end of this post . ]
I played a bit more with the idea that I presented in “ Apache access_log to Google Earth KML ” and , I think , I came up with something extremely cool .
When you surf around on the Internet ( or use any TCP / IP service ) , your data is being routed through an endless list of gateways .
Your packets are hopping from one system to the next one , until the final destination has been reached .
And data served by the remote destination is hopping it ’s way back to you .
On Unix we have the traceroute utility ( on Windows it ’s called ‘ tracert ’ ) that allows you to figure out the route that your packets are taking to a remote destination .
In my web server ’s access_log I can see a line where a host at the ip - address 67.195.37.190 accessed a certain url on my server .
Resolving that ip - address to a name ( via “ host 67.195.37.190 ” ) reveals that it is one of Yahoo.com ’s crawlers .
Using traceroute on the same address shows the following ( I changed my internal network address to aaa.bbb.ccc.ddd below ) :
$ traceroute -q 1 -e - I 67.195.37.190 traceroute to 67.195.37.190 ( 67.195.37.190 ) , 64 hops max , 60 byte packets 1 netgear ( aaa.bbb.ccc.ddd ) 0.781 ms 2 208-3-81-1.cnsp.net ( 208.3.81.1 ) 12.871 ms 3 144.223.172.81 ( 144.223.172.81 ) 35.880 ms 4 sl-bb20-ana-0-0.sprintlink.net ( 144.232.1.241 ) 54.828 ms 5 sl-crs2-ana-0-13-5-0.sprintlink.net ( 144.232.1.177 ) 40.534 ms 6 192.205.33.189 ( 192.205.33.189 ) 39.042 ms 7 cr1.la2ca.ip.att.net ( 12.122.128.14 ) 54.288 ms 8 cr1.sffca.ip.att.net ( 12.122.3.121 ) 51.418 ms 9 12.122.137.97 ( 12.122.137.97 ) 45.766 ms 10 12.86.154.18 ( 12.86.154.18 ) 49.140 ms 11 so-1-0-0.pat1.swp.yahoo.com ( 216.115.110.43 ) 72.021 ms 12 as0.pat1.gqb.yahoo.com ( 216.115.96.45 ) 73.443 ms 13 xe-5-0-0.msr1.gq1.yahoo.com ( 66.196.67.1 ) 73.514 ms 14 xe-8-0-0.clr2-a-sat.gq1.yahoo.com ( 67.195.0.19 ) 76.818 ms 15 te-6-0.bas5-2-con.gq1.yahoo.com ( 98.137.31.34 ) 79.453 ms 16 llf320059.crawl.yahoo.net ( 67.195.37.190 ) 76.748 ms $
This output tells me that it takes roughly 80 milliseconds to get packets from my system to the final destination at Yahoo .
However , it does not tell me what geographical path my packets take .
Hold on to your socks , because here ’s the same path after I ran it through my little traceroute visualization tool ( displayed in Google Earth ) :
The tool I created this morning , will automatically run a traceroute to any ip - address and it will create a Google Earth compatible KML file .
Again we are using Marc ’s free database to map ip - addresses to locations on the map .
For each hop it records the hop ’s ip - address , name and , if available , location .
The tool also creates a tour that allows to jump from hop to hop in an animated fashion , until you arrive at your final destination where even more information ( Whois ) is displayed .
When you try one of the sample files below in Google Earth , just double - click the “ Animate Route ( play me ) ” item in the “ Places ” area :
As you jump from hop to hop , information about the current gateway is being displayed roughly in the geo location where that gateway is physically located ( the free database mentioned above does have some hosts that are not mapped and I ’m skipping those automatically ) .
And here are two KMZ files that you can download to Google Earth in order to see the stuff :
“ Complete ” above means that I was able to trace the route all the way to the destination host .
And “ Incomplete ” means that I aborted the trace after a number of systems along the path did not respond to my trace queries .
And if you want to see a live example , click the following link to see the path from my server to your system .
The perl code for the little tool is now available at : 2009-04-16-gtrace.pl.gz ( gzip compressed perl file – 2.5KB ) .
HIV is evolving rapidly to escape the human immune system , an international study led by Oxford University has shown .
The findings , published in Nature , demonstrate the challenge involved in developing a vaccine for HIV that keeps pace with the changing nature of the virus .
‘ The extent of the global HIV epidemic gives us a unique opportunity to examine in detail the evolutionary struggle being played out in front of us between an important virus and humans , ’ says lead researcher Professor Philip Goulder of the Peter Medawar Building for Pathogen Research at Oxford University .
‘ Even in the short time that HIV has been in the human population , it is doing an effective job of evading our best efforts at natural immune control of the virus .
This is high - speed evolution that we ’re seeing in the space of just a couple of decades . ’
The study better describes HIV 's ability to adapt by spelling out at least 14 different " escape mutations " that help keep the virus alive after it interacts genetically with immunity molecules that normally attack HIV .
" Key genetic regions of HIV introduced into individuals of different ancestry in different places have been evolving to a greater or lesser degree according to inherited factors controlling immune response , " said Richard Kaslow , M.D. , a professor in the UAB School of Public Health and a co-author of the study .
" If HIV adapts differently in genetically distinct hosts , the challenge ahead in vaccine design is formidable , " he said .
HIV has already killed 25 million people , and an estimated 33 million are currently infected .
However , HIV does not kill all people at the same rate .
On average , an adult with HIV will survive for ten years without anti-HIV drugs before developing AIDS .
But some people will progress to AIDS within 12 months while others can make effective immune responses to the virus and survive without any anti-HIV therapy for over 20 years .
advertisement
Genes encoding a key set of molecules in the human immune system called the human leucocyte antigens ( HLA ) are critically important .
HLA determine the progress of many infectious diseases including HIV , and enable the recognition and killing of HIV - infected cells .
Humans differ from each other in the exact HLA genes they have , and small differences can make the difference in how long it takes to progress to AIDS .
The research team set out to determine whether HIV is adapting to human immune responses .
They looked at HIV genetic sequences in different countries around the world , including the UK , South Africa , Botswana , Australia , Canada , and Japan , wanting to see whether the HIV sequences could be related to the different HLA genes present in the different populations .
The collaboration between Oxford University , the Ragon Institute at Massachusetts General Hospital , Kumamoto University in Japan , the Royal Perth Hospital and Murdoch University in Australia and others analysed the genetic sequences of the HIV virus and human leucocyte antigen ( HLA ) genes in over 2,800 people .
Mutations that allow HIV to get round immune responses directed by a particular HLA gene were found more frequently in populations with a high prevalence of that HLA gene .
This is strong evidence for HIV adaptation to the human immune system at the level of populations .
‘ Where a favourable HLA gene is present at high levels in a given population , we see high levels of the mutations that enable HIV to resist this particular gene effect , ’ says author Professor Rodney Phillips , co-director of the James Martin Institute for Emerging Infections at Oxford University .
‘ The virus is outrunning human variation , you might say . ’
‘ The temptation is to see this as bad news , that these results mean the virus is winning the battle , ’ says Professor Goulder .
‘ That ’s not necessarily the case .
It could equally be that as the virus changes , different immune responses come into play and are actually more effective . ’
advertisement
The results are important because it is our most effective immune responses that vaccines against HIV would try and boost to a level that would protect against the virus .
‘ The implication is that once we have found an effective vaccine , it would need to be changed on a frequent basis to catch up with the evolving virus , much like we do today with the flu vaccine , ’ explains Professor Goulder .
‘ In this anniversary year of Darwin ’s birth , we are accustomed to think of evolution happening over thousands , tens of thousands and even millions of years , ’ says Professor Goulder .
‘ But we are seeing changes in HIV , and our immune response to the virus , in just a couple of decades . ’
The work was funded by a number of organisations including the Wellcome Trust , the Medical Research Council , the US National Institutes of Health , and Oxford ’s James Martin 21st Century School .
Economy forces consolidation in solar industry ENERGY
A wave of consolidation is sweeping the solar power industry .
San Francisco's Recurrent Energy will announce today that it will buy an entire portfolio of development projects from UPC Solar of Chicago .
The two privately - held companies have not disclosed terms of the deal .
The solar projects - some of them still on the drawing board , some further along - would generate a maximum total of 350 megawatts of electricity if built , equivalent to a small fossil - fuel power plant .
They are scattered across the United States and Canada , with many clustered in Ontario .
The deal is n't unique .
Just two weeks ago , Hayward 's OptiSolar agreed to sell all its development projects to First Solar , a rival based in Arizona .
On the same day , a Spanish company announced that it would buy MMA Renewable Ventures , a renewable power developer in San Francisco .
The deals reflect the brutal environment for small alternative energy firms .
The financial crisis has cut off their access to capital , leaving many of them unable to build their projects .
Companies with stronger balance sheets are seizing the opportunity to go shopping , snapping up worthwhile projects and personnel .
" It 's created some Darwinian pressures in the industry that are forcing consolidation , " said Arno Harris , Recurrent Energy 's chief executive officer .
" And companies like Recurrent that are well capitalized have been able to look across the industry and pick up opportunities that are n't as well capitalized .
UPC contacted us , and we were impressed with what we saw . "
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Founded in 2006 , Recurrent last year secured $ 75 million in financing from Hudson Clean Energy Partners .
Recurrent is perhaps best known for its work on a city - led project to blanket San Francisco 's Sunset Reservoir with solar panels .
The project , expected to go to the Board of Supervisors soon for final approval , would cover an area almost the size of 12 football fields and generate a maximum of 5 megawatts , enough for 3,750 homes .
The company specializes in building large - scale photovoltaic solar installations in and near urban areas , where electricity demand is highest .
Although smaller than the huge solar power plants under development in the California desert , Recurrent 's projects do n't need long - distance transmission lines to bring their electricity to market .
" We 're trying to put power generation right where it 's needed most , and solar is the one technology that allows us to do that effectively , " Harris said .
UPC Solar is part of the UPC Energy Group , which runs renewable power installations worldwide .
When Jerry told doctors what he did for a living they joked he should have a USB ' finger drive ' but that was good enough for him , and he set about making one .
Catholic World News
Economic systems based on greed will always collapse , Pope says
March 02 , 2009
During a meeting with priests of the Rome diocese on February 27 , Pope Benedict XVI said that the Church should speak clearly on the moral principles that underlie economic activity .
The Holy Father made that point in explaining why his encyclical on social teaching has been postponed .
He said that the document must respond to the urgent need for guidance on issues raised by the current worldwide economic crisis .
The encyclical , he said , will teach that a system based upon greed will inevitably fail .
He added that economic reform programs will not succeed unless people are guided by a sense of solidarity .
For all current news , visit our News home page .
Sound Off! CatholicCulture.org supporters weigh in .
All comments are moderated .
To lighten our editing burden , only current donors are allowed to Sound Off .
If you are a current donor , log in to see the comment form ; otherwise please support our work , and Sound Off !
Adam Kalkin is n’t the only architect to make homes out of shipping containers .
A handful of architects , including Jennifer Siegal and Lot - Ek , began using them ten years ago as a gritty reaction against the tidy white surfaces of modernism .
But nobody has employed shipping containers more inventively than Kalkin , a New Jersey architect and artist who has used them to design luxurious homes , museum additions , and refugee housing .
In architectural circles , Kalkin is regarded as something of an oddball .
He began his talk at the Urban Center in New York Tuesday night by playing the first five minutes of a Jerry Lewis movie , followed by the actor ’s acceptance speech at the Academy Awards last month .
His website includes lessons on hitting a tennis forehand and a selection of songs to sing after taking antidepressants .
Years ago Kalkin shaved while delivering a lecture at the Whitney Museum .
His talk this week was tied to the publication of Quik Build : Adam Kalkin ’s ABC of Container Architecture ( $ 49.95 ) , which shows 32 of his projects in all their odd ingenuity , including Bunny Lane , a home he built for himself with a 19th century clapboard cottage inside an industrial hanger , and the Push Button House , a furnished room that unfolds from a container with hydraulic walls .
“ Adam continues to be subversive , and subvert what architecture is supposed to be , ” design historian Alastair Gordon said by way of introduction in the panel discussion that followed Kalkin ’s presentation .
For all his artsy provocations , Kalkin ’s strategy makes some practical sense .
After all , shipping containers are cheap , mobile and highly recyclable .
The Kalkin project that puts these qualities to best use is the Quik House , a prefab home ( $ 150 a square foot ) made from six shipping containers that can be completed in three months .
A smaller version , called the A Pod ( $ 50,000 ) , will be available later this year .
Creative Destruction and Copyright
One of the recurring internecine debates in the world of libertarian tech policy is over the philosophical status of copyright .
On one side , you ’ve got the camp that regards copyright as no different from any other kind of property right .
People in this category tend to regard peer - to - peer file sharing as simple theft , and they often support draconian measures to ensure peoples ’ “ property rights ” are protected , just as we would do if there were a rash of burglaries .
On the other side , you have libertarians who regard copyright as a limited government monopoly that ’s been granted for the pragmatic purpose of encouraging innovation .
Folks in this camp tend not to think that copyright deserves the same level of strong enforcement we give to tangible property rights , and they tend to be more ambivalent about file sharing .
You ’ll often hear people in this latter camp talk about the need for copyright industries to find new business models that will be more resilient in the face of competition from peer - to - peer networks .
During his time at the Progress and Freedom Foundation , Jim DeLong was probably the most prolific advocate of the “ copyright as property rights ” theory .
He has n’t been as active in copyright debates the last couple of years , but he ’s back with a long article about the fate of the newspaper industry .
In it , he warns that unless newspapers can establish “ a property rights –based monetization model , based on subscribers or control of advertising or both , ” the newspaper industry will become trapped in a “ ‘ tragedy of the commons ’ situation ” followed by “ both individual and collective death spirals . ”
What I find fascinating about this is that unlike most other industries , the newspapers do n’t have a piracy problem .
The recording industry ’s problems are at least partly attributable to BitTorrent .
But this is clearly not what ’s killing the New York Times .
People do n’t go to peer - to - peer networks for illicit copies of today ’s news .
To the contrary , virtually everyone involved in the news business has followed copyright to the letter .
News organizations may not like Google News , but their actions are likely fair use , and Google honors news organizations ’ requests to be taken out of the index .
Bloggers ’ linking to and quoting from news organizations is indisputably fair use , and it ’s hard to imagine news organizations — which derive revenue from advertising — want bloggers to stop linking to their stories .
DeLong asserts , without evidence , that “ the Internet community seems unaware of the extent of its own dependence on the newspapers for raw material . ”
This is simply nonsense .
I just skimmed the front page of Google News , and among the non-newspaper sources I saw were the BBC , CNN , CNet , Al Jazeera , MSNBC , ABC , Ars Technica , TheStreet.com , US News and World Report , Forbes , Chicago Public Radio , the Washington Independent , Slate , and Bloomberg .
There ’s no particular connection between owning a printing press and employing competent journalists .
Many other kinds of organizations can and do employ journalists , with a variety of different business models .
In short , the newspaper industry is in the same death spiral as the recording industry , without the lawbreaking that ’s commonly blamed for the recording industry ’s troubles .
And it seems to me that this poses a philosophical challenge to DeLong ’s theory that the problem is a lack of respect for “ property rights . ”
The decline of the newspapers is clearly a story of technological progress producing increased competition and entrepreneurship — precisely the sort of thing libertarians normally celebrate .
The news business has gotten far more competitive over the last decade , and we ’re now seeing a normal shake - out where the least efficient firms go out of business .
I think the fact that this is happening in an industry without a piracy problem should give us second thoughts about blaming the decline of other copyright industries on BitTorrent .
The newspaper example suggests that even if we could completely shut down peer - to - peer networks , we should still expect the recording industry to decline over time as consumers gravitate toward more efficient and convenient sources of music .
Piracy obviously accelerates the process , but the underlying problem is simply this : the recording industry ’s core competence , pressing 1s and 0s on plastic disks and shipping them to retail stores , is rapidly becoming pointless , just as the newspaper industry ’s core competence of pressing ink on newsprint and dropping them on doorsteps is becoming obsolete .
Not surprisingly , when a technology becomes obsolete , firms who specialize in exploiting that technology go out of business .
This is sad for the employees and shareholders of those firms .
But it is n’t a problem for the broader society , and it certainly should n’t be of special concern for those of us who support markets and property rights .
The Federation of Egalitarian Communities is a network of communal groups spread across North America .
We range in size and emphasis from small agricultural homesteads to village - like communities to urban group houses .
Principles of the FEC
Each of the FEC communities :
Holds its land , labor , income and other resources in common .
Assumes responsibility for the needs of its members , receiving the products of their labor and distributing these and all other goods equally , or according to need .
Practices non-violence .
Uses a form of decision making in which members have an equal opportunity to participate , either through consensus , direct vote , or right of appeal or overrule .
Actively works to establish the equality of all people and does not permit discrimination on the basis of race , class , creed , ethnic origin , age , sex , sexual orientation , or gender identity .
Acts to conserve natural resources for present and future generations while striving to continually improve ecological awareness and practice .
Creates processes for group communication and participation and provides an environment which supports people 's development .
Why We Exist
Because we share so much , and because we are committed to a vision of community which transcends our individual groups , we have joined together to cooperate on publications , conferences , recruitment efforts , community support systems including health care , and other mutually supportive activities .
Our aim is not only to help each other ; we want to help more people discover the advantages of a communal alternative , and to promote the evolution of a more egalitarian world .
By joining the FEC , each member community commits to contributing a certain amount of money ( based on income ) and labor ( based on membership ) .
This money is used to subsidize travel for labor exchange , scholarships for educational opportunities that will benefit member communities , and making loans to benefit communities and projects aligned with our values .
Some , but not all , of our communities pay into a community health fund called PEACH which provides assistance to communities which are obligated to cover the health costs of each of their members .
In terms of our labor contributions , individual delegates and other members of FEC communities decide what projects they value and wish to work on .
For the continuance of the federation , each full member community is obligated to select a delegate ( or two ) .
These delegates
our annual assembly if possible .
Get to Know Us
Each of our member communities is unique .
Together , our federation cooperates to share values , money , and labor in a way that benefits us all .
Our constitution describes the way that the FEC determines community membership and makes decisions about what to do with our collectivized resources .
Connect With Us
We cannot promise utopia , but if you are seriously interested in our joyous struggle , we invite you to come and see for yourself .
To arrange a visit , contact the individual community you want to go to .
Other opportunities to connect with us include conferences on community living .
If you are part of an existing community that is interested in potentially joining the FEC , see info on becoming an FEC community .
For other queries , please e-mail secretary@thefec.org .
An Injured Woz Dances On : You Owe Him Your Vote !
Last week , BoomTown turned partisan in what is perhaps our only truly fair election these days : “ Dancing With the Stars . ”
Because he is so lovably dorktastic , it seems as if Silicon Valley has to pull out all the stops to make sure the anti-Fred Astaire stylings of Apple ( APPL ) co-founder Steve Wozniak remain in the television competition .
Woe to everyone when it was revealed that he had hurt himself dancing , with a fractured leg .
But–unlike other competitors who have been sidelined by injuries –Woz is sticking , and is headed into a quickstep routine tonight .
There are several updates by Woz on his Facebook page here , with one note yesterday saying , in part :
“ I found that I was getting delirious from the energy expenditure of yesterday and I could barely walk at all , even in my socks .
I have never looked so funny or so in pain in my life .
It took me about 5 minutes just to maneuver my body into the bathtub .
I do n’t take baths normally , and anyone who knows me knows that it would take a great occasion or emergency to get me into a bath , but I needed it badly . ”
TMI !
But let ’s try to ignore it and move on !
The next broadcast of “ Dancing with the Stars ” is tonight at 8 p.m. EST , with the voting open for various times after the show via phone , SMS or online .
Also , Chicago - style , you can vote up to 13 times , but check with the ABC site for all the rules .
The first results show is tomorrow night .
That ’ll be scary given that Woz scored a paltry 13 points from the snotty judges for last week ’s cha-cha disaster , although it ’s not clear what the public thought of his debut dance .
So , if his quickstep is–it has to be said –like quicksand , stuffing the ballot box is the only option for geek domination .
As you will see from this video of his first outing , Woz needs all the help he can get :
Welcome to the new autocracy of Canada , " autocracy " defined by Merriam Webster as government " in which one person possesses unlimited power . "
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Our autocracy only differs from a pure autocracy because every few years the public gets to choose which potential autocrat to give all the power to .
In fact , we in B.C. have two autocrats set in authority over us : The Right Honourable Stephen Harper and the Honourable Gordon Campbell .
Both of these autocrats subscribe to the theory that the more humungous private companies doing their thing on our rivers , the better .
They also believe in avoiding contact with the public .
After all , the citizenry might not like what they are doing and stir up a terrible fuss .
Although the Autocrats must know that they 're safe because their tame media can be counted upon to be silent .
Harper 's budget bill trickery
Harper has employed parliamentary trickery by including changes to the Navigable Waters Protection
Act in the budget bill making the amendments of the act a matter of confidence so that the only way the Commons can defeat the amendments is to defeat the government .
The Senate , if it had had any backbone , could have severed the amendments to the act but the parliamentary poodles decided not to do so .
Let 's look at what the Navigable Waters Protection
Act was designed to do and what the amendments will do .
Back in 1882 , the federal parliament passed the Navigable Waters Protection Act , which was " designed to protect the public right of navigation in Canadian waters , as defined by the law , by prohibiting the building , placing or maintaining of any work whatsoever in , on , over , under , through or across any such navigable water , without the authorization of the minister of fisheries and ocean canada .
The expression ' navigable water ' designates any body of water capable , in its natural state , of being navigated by any type of floating vessel for the purpose of transportation , recreation or commerce and includes a canal and any other body of water created or altered for the benefit of the public , as a result of the waterway assigned for public use .
The public right of navigation also includes the use of both pleasure craft and commercial ships as well as all other types of boats . "
Now Autocrat Harper wants to amend this act , because , he says , the act is out of date .
How the Hell can an act be " out of date " unless it 's been overtaken by new circumstances ?
In fact , the old act is more apropos now than ever before .
So indeed is the Magna Carta upon which the right to navigation was based .
Gutting the Navigable Waters Protection Act
The changes that disembowel the old act are :
1 . The removal of the four named works ( bridges , causeways , dams , and booms ) as obstructions to navigation .
2. Giving the minister of transportation the power to create " classes of works " and " classes of navigable waters " -- in other words : separating them into " major " and " minor " categories .
It 's noteworthy that the minister in charge of the act until now has been the minister of fisheries and oceans and it seems obvious that the change is more than merely cosmetic .
3 . Giving the minister sole discretion in determining what constitutes " significant interference with navigation . "
In essence , this eliminates environmental assessments in most cases , as the matter moves from environmental protection to a matter of who has made wise political investments .
It effectively permits the minister to do what he wishes .
It should be noted that estimates of Canada 's supply of fresh water vary depending on whether we mean all fresh water or just from lakes .
In total we have about 20 per cent of the world 's supply and we live next to a thirstier and thirstier country that would vastly prefer importing our water than using their own .
Campbell 's angle
Enter , stage right , Autocrat Campbell .
His energy policy uses water and it's a considerable nuisance when kayakers and their ilk use these rivers , then claim that they are navigable rivers so that their use of them brings the rivers under the protection of the 1882 Act .
Would n't it be nice and convenient for Autocrat C to call up Autocrat H and get him to name the rivers that Autocrat C needs for private energy production ?
What Campbell worries about is the definition of Navigable Waters in the old act , which , God forbid , actually gives people , ordinary people the right to use navigable waters !
After the amendment passes , that right will be subject to the minister of transportation without any hearing or debate .
What if some or even all of the B.C. rivers coveted by private energy companies were in fact within the definition and needed a federal permit ?
Ca n't have that , you know !
My God !
This brings the rabble into the deal chanting for their rights going back to 1215 when John " The Bad " gave them those rights , the ones Autocrat Harper and Autocrat Campbell want taken away from them .
In short , gentle readers , I smell a rat .
I see two governments bound and determined to see our water in the form of energy or in bulk going to the U.S. and my sensitive proboscis tells me that , as happened with fish farms , the federal government does n't want any part of environmental protection of B.C. rivers .
What is the logical conclusion ?
The Autocrat Campbell gets rid of a federal nuisance leaving him in charge of environmental assessment , which he can waive or , forgive the pun , " water down " to suit his private power pals and political donors .
The bottom line
Let 's see then where we stand : Our Autocrat C says we need power , when we clearly do not and fiddles the figures to make that seem the case .
( The government says we have been net importers of energy for seven out of the last 11 years .
The real figures from the National Energy Board show we are net exporters of energy for eight of the last 11 years .
The Campbell government 's accounting includes power imported from Alberta and immediately " flipped " to the U.S. , power that was never intended for domestic consumption . )
Autocrat C then says BC Hydro can't make that power we do n't need .
He then gives the job to friends in the business world .
He forces BC Hydro to give them fat contracts for power , which can only be created in the spring thaw when BC Hydro does n't need any power -- meaning that this private power is obviously intended for export .
Now , because he does n't want we members of the public to make nuisances of ourselves , he has his federal government remove all obstacles to private firms that want to rape our rivers as their need and greed arises .
We British Columbians can do something about this on May 12 when Autocrat C and his party face an election .
We will learn that day just how much we care for our rivers and the outdoors in general .
Related
Tyee stories :
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Bank of America Corp BAC.N is carrying loans on its balance sheet marked at more than $ 44 billion above their fair value , the company said in its annual report filed with U.S. regulators on Friday .
The bank said it ended 2008 with $ 886.2 billion in loans , but estimated the fair value -- or market price -- for these loans as $ 841.6 billion .
The bank intends to hold these loans to maturity , not for sale , said spokesman Scott Silvestri , explaining why the loans are marked above market value .
The report showed the bank struggled throughout the year as losses on consumer debt including mortgages , home equity and credit cards piled up .
Falling home prices prompted the bank to modify more than 230,000 mortgages in 2008 to help homeowners stay in their homes -- but the value of these mortgages has continued to fall .
Along with losses from mortgages and other consumer loans , the bank said it holds $ 6.45 billion in impaired commercial loans , up from $ 2.14 billion at the end of 2007 , according to the report .
Separately , Bank of America ’s investment bank lost more than $ 10 million on one in every four trading days in 2008 .
The Charlotte , North Carolina - based bank has reported write - downs and credit losses of more than $ 60 billion since the credit crisis began in the middle of 2007 .
Bank of America shares finished down more than 25 percent on Friday at $ 3.95 , amid a broad rout of financial stocks after the announcement the government is converting its position in Citigroup Inc 's C.N preferred stock to common shares to help restore investor confidence in that bank 's capital position .
Shares in Bank of America have fallen 72 percent since the start of the year .
There is a growing number of Americans , including some in the dominant moderate / liberal media , who are speculating upon this question :
When will Barack Obama ’s “ Day of Reckoning ” arrive ?
Not this month probably , as the President ’s honeymoon , while fraying , is still largely intact , in line with other first - termers ( yes , including George W. Bush ) who have n’t yet reached the benchmark 100 - day mark .
Yet while hyper - partisans yuk about the largely inconsequential theater of Rush Limbaugh lapping up attention ( and ratings ) and RNC chairman Michael Steele ’s embarrassing apology to the talk radio celebrity , at some point , sooner rather than later , Obama wo n’t be able to rely on his supporters and Congressional allies to whip up the troops with increasingly pointless Bush - bashing .
As the recession deepens , with even congenitally optimistic economists unable to predict any semblance of recovery in 2009 , Obama will be held accountable by citizens who ’ve lost their jobs , seen savings evaporate and the stock market — which Obama unwisely commented about last week , saying that daily DJIA / NASDAQ tallies are similar to gyrating political polls — is in the sewer .
As any young businessman will tell you , nothing kills off a bad product ( like Obama ’s economic recovery plan ) faster than a good salesman .
The President ’s a great cheerleader , and it helps that he ’s perceived as a hands - on chief executive , but if the results are n’t there , his rhetoric will ring hollow .
Bush will be one of the quietist ex-presidents in modern times , both for being AWOL since Katrina and because , unlike Bill Clinton , he does n’t court publicity .
Given the nation ’s collective short attention span , it ’s likely that by Memorial Day Bush will , except to the minority of never - say - die partisans ( Keith Olbermann ’s the captain of that brigade ) , have vanished from the scene .
Largely forgotten in the euphoria of Obama ’s election last fall was that just under half the voters cast their lot with John McCain ; judging by the relentless stream of puff pieces on the new guy you ’d think he ’d been victorious in a landslide reminiscent of Ronald Reagan ’s over Fritz Mondale in 1984 .
You have to wonder whether Obama , considering the enormity of his economic challenges , which were n’t apparent until the last three months of the campaign , wishes he ’d had sat it out until 2012 .
Probably not , but I ’ll wager that on Nov. 4 of last year Obama never imagined a New York Times reporter asking him in early March if he was a socialist .
Like countless McCain supporters outside of the self - absorbed bubble of the Beltway , I was n’t particularly happy with the results of the election , but the magnitude of the economic panic — which has n’t lessened an iota in the succeeding months — trumped politics .
Perhaps the “ moral values ” conservatives were bitter , but as someone who just does n’t consider gay marriage , for example , as an issue worthy of even one minute of debate ( let alone the whole abortion question , which I thought was settled a generation ago ) , I hoped that Obama ’s immediate actions on the economy would be successful both in the short - and long - term , giving American business a boost of confidence .
Fully aware that steady improvement in battling the recession would guarantee even greater Democratic majorities in Congress after the 2010 midterm elections , that hardly affected my thinking .
Do n’t get me wrong : political theater is a great source of entertainment — who did n’t relish Rep.
Charlie Rangel , with that classic gravelly growl , stammer about not knowing the rules of real estate and taxes , Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Countrywide ) dissembling on his ethical lapses , or the number of Obama appointees who ’ve apparently never heard of the IRS ?— but it ’s not so much fun when daily conversations with family , friends and colleagues center around the possibility of a global depression .
Rahm Emanuel , Obama ’s chief of staff and the brilliant political strategist who , as a member of Congress , took on the role of Newt Gingrich and exploited GOP / Bush fatigue to elect scores of Democrats in 2006 and ’08 has , perhaps now infamously , said “ You never want a serious crisis to go to waste , ” meaning that his boss could play the mythic role of FDR in radically transforming the economic and social policies of the country .
But the FDR canard , no matter how popular , is facile : When Roosevelt was in office , times were obviously desperate , but he did n’t face the current communications technology that would ’ve recorded , and disseminated , off - hand remarks and gaffes instantaneously .
In fact , FDR , with his infirmities , could n’t be even nominated today ; likewise with JFK , whose perilous medical condition was hidden from the public in 1960 but would be common knowledge today .
The public is far more savvy and educated in 2009 compared to the 1930s , to say nothing of the - instant gratification mindset that was absent 75 years ago .
When more and more people lose their jobs in the coming months , increasingly it wo n’t be Bush who ’s blamed , since they were still employed when he was in office .
It ’ll all be on Obama ’s watch and his gift for magnificent speeches wo n’t matter as much as during his campaign .
More and more of the President ’s enthusiastic supporters will be forced to say , “ No , he could n’t . ”
Scores of pundits are way behind the curve ; the columns written by Gail Collins and Charles M. Blow in The New York Times on Saturday are just two examples .
Collins gleefully focused on the Limbaugh / Steele brouhaha , writing , “ The fact that the Republicans , who just picked Steele last month , are having this debate [ over whether Steele ought to resign ] underlines the fact that this is a party with more woes than Job . ”
Blow ’s essay was even more muddled .
Headlined “ Three Blind Mice , ” he wrote , “ [ T ] he Republicans have dissolved into a querulous lot of nags and naysayers without a voice , a direction or a clue , and we are not amused .
And who has surfaced as their saviors ?
Bobby Jindal , Michael Steele and Rush Limbaugh — the axis of drivel . ”
It ’s probably safe to say that more Americans are aware of last Friday ’s news that unemployment has risen to 8.1 percent than even know who Steele is .
Yet neither Collins nor Blow thought , the day after the jobs report , to mention the economy .
They ’re stuck in a time warp : it ’s still Inauguration Day .
Leave aside criticism , well - argued though it may be , from The Washington Post ’s Charles Krauthammer , or the editorial pages of The Wall Street Journal and The Weekly Standard , and consider the March 7 National Journal column from Stuart Taylor , in which he identifies himself as an “ Obama - admiring centrist , ” who has praised the President ’s job performance in previous essays .
Calling Obama ’s proposed $ 3.6 billion budget “ staggering ” and his plans for spending billions on healthcare , universal secondary education and energy overhaul , “ grandiose and unaffordable ” Taylor says , “ [ H ] is apparent cave - ins to liberal interest groups my change the country for the worse . ”
Claiming that the “ markets have [ been ] shaken by Obama ’s alarming failure to come up with a clear plan for fixing the crippled financial system , ” Taylor concludes “ The house is burning down .
It ’s no time to be watering the grass . ”
Is the inexperienced Obama — not to mention Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner or the insufferable and glib press secretary Robert Gibbs — with his frenzy of activity designed to live up to the hype that he’d be a “ transformative ” president , in over his head ?
All level - headed Americans , one would assume , hope that ’s not the case , and that he ’ll modify his budget to conform with today ’s economic reality .
If he does n’t change course , it ’s a certainty that his reservoir of goodwill will be fully drained .
Advertisements
RNC Chairman Michael Steele continues to reinvent his positions to be more in line with the party now heads .
His latest change is to reverse his position on assault weapons .
Here is what Steele wrote in an email to supporters yesterday , “ The Obama Administration has revealed its intention to reinstate the so - called “ assault ” gun ban — Step One of their plan to repeal the 2nd Amendment .
Having already taken advantage of our country ’s current economic woes to speed the largest , most pork - laden spending spree in history through the Democrat - controlled Congress , the Obama team is again using fear tactics to impose bad policy .
Attorney General Eric
Holder announced his desire to once again deny law abiding Americans their 2nd Amendment rights , using the ongoing violence in Mexico as justification . ”
This sounds like the standard Republican position , so how does one reconcile this with what he told the Washington Post in 2006 , “ Society should draw lines .
What do you need an assault weapon for , if you ’re going hunting ?
That ’s overkill .
But I do n’t think that means you go to a total ban for those who want to use gun for skeet shooting or hunting or things like that But what ’s the point of passing gun laws if we ’re not going to enforce them ?
If you want to talk about gun control , that ’s where you need to start .
We ’ve got 300 gun laws on the books right now .
At the end of the day , it ’s about how we enforce the law . ”
Advertisements
How seriously can gun rights advocates take Steele when three years ago he held the same position as the Obama administration ?
Michael Steele is turning into a big headache for the GOP .
In fact , his situation is starting to remind of what the party went through in 2008 with Sarah Palin .
All sorts of little surprises and inconsistencies are coming out about Steele because the RNC chose to elect a candidate based more on appearances than positions .
It is getting very obvious that Steele is n’t a good fit to lead the RNC .
After they have taken two consecutive drubbings at the polls in 2006 and 2008 , Republicans need a leader with credibility on the issues .
Steele also suffers from a bit of Mitt Romney disease .
Steele is from a blue state and like Romney he was more of a moderate then .
Steele is n’t the sort of red meat conservative that the GOP rank and file seems to be craving .
I am not a Republican , but flip flops such as this one , would seem to make Steele a part of the problem , not the solution , but the RNC is getting what it deserving for electing a leader based on skin color , not qualifications .
My story , posted just now :
President Barack Obama 's controversial pick for a top intelligence post blasted the " Israel lobby " on his way out the door Tuesday , intensifying a debate on the role Israel 's allies played in the latest failed Obama appointment .
Charles W. Freeman Jr.'s abrupt withdrawal from his appointment as chairman of the National Intelligence Council came after he drew fire on a number of fronts - including questions about his financial ties to China and Saudi Arabia .
But the most heated opposition came from supporters of Israel - and Freeman 's departure shows Obama 's reluctance to signal a dramatic change to a U.S. policy in the Middle East that centers on standing beside Israel .
Throughout his presidential campaign , Obama jettisoned aides and backed off statements that appeared to imply a change in the Bush Administration 's firm support for hawkish Israeli governments .
As president , Obama dispatched Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to the Middle East last week with a tough message for the Palestinians , saying it was hard for Israel to make peace with people who are hurling rockets into their country .
And the attacks on Freeman , in the end , hinged primarily on the question of Israel , something the Democratic senators who helped break the back of the nomination Tuesday made clear .
" His statements against Israel were way over the top and severely out of step with the administration , " said Senator Chuck Schumer in a statement .
" I repeatedly urged the White House to reject him , and I am glad they did the right thing . "
Hours before the Director of National Intelligence , Dennis Blair , expressed his " regret " at Freeman 's withdrawal , Sen. Joe Lieberman ( D - Conn . ) told Blair he was concerned about " statements that [ Freeman ] 's made that appear either to be inclined to lean against Israel or too much in favor of China . "
In particular , Freeman has described " Israeli violence against Palestinians " as a key barrier to Mideast peace , and referred to violence in Tibet last year - widely seen in the United States as a revolt against Chinese occupation - as a " race riot . "
Freeman left no doubt about where he places blame in a written statement after his withdrawal .
" The libels on me and their easily traceable email trails show conclusively that there is a powerful lobby determined to prevent any view other than its own from being aired , still less to factor in American understanding of trends and events in the Middle East , " he wrote .
" The tactics of the Israel Lobby plumb the depths of dishonor and indecency and include character assassination , selective misquotation , the willful distortion of the record , the fabrication of falsehoods , and an utter disregard for the truth . "
Freeman 's departure echoed moments during last year 's presidential campaign when Obama - generally willing to ignore the daily political tempests - abandoned aides and advisers who drew strong , persistent criticism on the question of Israel , which became , in the politics of the presidential campaign , a proxy issue for more general toughness on Islamic terrorism .
He forced an informal advisor , former Clinton administration peace negotiator Rob Malley , to resign after he met with Hamas officials on behalf of the International Crisis Group .
And he distanced himself from Carter National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski , who had been , briefly , a high - profile campaign figure .
Later Obama , asked about his views on Israel , dismissed Brzezinski as " not one of my key advisers . "
While we do n't have a great deal of information available at this stage , we do know that Volkswagen is set to reveal the world 's most economical non-hybrid car to shareholders attending the 42nd annual general meeting of Volkswagen AG in Hamburg .
The single - seater is capable of 0.91 litres per 100 km ( or 258 mpg in the old measure ) and can manage a top speed of 123 km / h .
The prototype , as shown here , was built in conditions of such great secrecy that little more is known about the car , but we 'll be sure to keep you posted after next week 's meeting .
New York , NY – After gaining concessions from Amazon on the text - to - speech feature of the Kindle 2 , The Authors Guild has set its sights on other text - to - speech devices , which could be used to infringe authors ' copyrights .
The next target for the organization is the successful Speak and Spell device from Texas Instruments .
The Speak and Spell was a popular text - to - speech toy developed by Texas Instruments in the 1980s .
It featured several games including " mystery word , " a hangman variant and " secret code , " which scrambled words using a predetermined code .
" Millions of these devices are out there , and some are still being sold on Ebay , " said Authors Guild President Roy Blount Jr. " These devices threaten the livelihood of authors all around the world with their ability to turn text into speech . "
Blount said the Guild is seeking to have all the devices removed from sale on Ebay , and to have the remaining devices destroyed .
" This is ridiculous , " said Texas Instruments chief counsel Harold Summers .
" The Speak and Spell device has n't been produced for years and it can't even be used to read a book . "
Blount said he was unaware of the device 's abilities , but that he was certain the device could say some words included in Authors Guild members ' works , which was enough of a threat for him .
Related News RIAA Wants Background Checks on CD - RW Buyers Aliens Use DMCA to Sue Air Force over UFOs Judge Delays Pirate Bay Trial So He Can Finish Downloading this Season of House " What 's stopping someone from modifying one of these devices to read Twilight by Stephenie Meyer ?
What if one of our authors decides to write a book based only on the output of a Speak and Spell ?
The Speak and Spell menace is frightening and needs to be faced with extreme measures , " said Blount .
No one is sure of the next target of The Authors Guild , but many suspect it will be your mom .
Story Options : Related Share Print
CAMBRIDGE , Massachusetts ( CNN ) --
Former presidential candidate Ron Paul criticized President Obama 's economic recovery proposal but said Saturday that blame for the financial crisis is deep - seated and includes Republicans who failed to hold the line on spending during the Bush administration .
In a video , Rep. Ron Paul criticized " born - again budget conservatives . "
He also offered a harsh critique of the three Republican senators who have said they will vote for the economic recovery proposal .
A vote is scheduled for early next week .
Paul , a Republican representative from Texas who sought the GOP nomination for president , said that although some people call Obama 's plan to jumpstart the economy a " stimulus package , " he thinks it is a " pure spending package . "
The message came on a video posted on YouTube .
Paul praised his fellow House Republicans for unanimously voting against the plan but expressed disappointment that three Senate Republicans " caved in and went with the Democrats . "
He did n't mention the GOP senators by name but was referring to Sens. Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe , both of Maine , and Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania .
Do n't Miss Senate to take up debate on package Monday
In the video , Paul said he wondered whether Republican opposition to the spending is too little , too late .
" It is like they 're born - again budget conservatives , " Paul said .
" Where were we in the past eight years , when we could have done something ?
And you see our last eight years that has set this situation up .
So we can't blame the Democrats for the conditions we have .
" We have to blame both parties and presidents of the last several decades to have generated this huge government . "
Paul said that he agrees that the economy needs to be stimulated but that he does n't think the federal government should be doing it .
" Sure , we want more spending , " Paul said .
" We need a lot more spending in the economy , but it has to be done by market forces , by individuals , by businesses making proper decisions . "
The stimulus package , which is expected to come in at about $ 827 billion when the Senate votes , includes tax cuts and credits and spending on infrastructure , education and other projects that supporters say will create and save jobs .
All About Ron Paul • Barack Obama • National Economy
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US lawmakers in the House of Representatives have voted in favour of a bill to levy a 90 % tax on big bonuses from firms bailed out by taxpayers .
The move follows outrage over the decision by AIG to award its employees $ 165 m ( £ 113 m ) in bonuses after taking $ 170bn in aid from the government .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said : " We want our money back and we want our money back now for the taxpayers . "
President Barack Obama welcomed the result of the vote .
" Now this legislation moves to the Senate , and I look forward to receiving a final product that will serve as a strong signal to the executives who run these firms that such compensation will not be tolerated , " Mr Obama said .
Members of the house voted 328- 93 in favour of the legislation .
The whole idea that they should be rewarded millions of dollars is repugnant
Charlie Rangel , Ways and Means Committee
Probe into AIG bonuses launched Send us your comments
The bill targets companies that received $ 5bn in taxpayer aid , and would levy a 90 % tax on bonuses paid to employees with incomes above $ 250,000 .
The BBC's James Coomarasamy in Washington says the bill was opposed by some Republicans , who argued that the legislation diverted attention from the administration 's handling of the affair .
Some Republicans have called for US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner to step down .
In total , 243 Democrats and 85 Republicans voted in favour of the bill , which was passed with unusual speed .
It was opposed by six Democrats and 87 Republicans .
" The whole idea that they should be rewarded millions of dollars is repugnant to everything that decent people believe in , " said Charlie Rangel , the Democratic chairman of the Ways and Means Committee .
Mistakes made Mr Geithner has been under pressure since news of the bonuses became public .
He said that the government would deduct the bonuses from government funds due to be paid to the insurer .
President Barack Obama has also reiterated his anger at the bonus payments .
Edward Liddy , the boss of AIG , on Wednesday called the bonuses paid to executives " distasteful " and said he had asked some recipients to return at least half of what they had been paid .
" Mistakes were made at AIG on a scale that few could have imagined possible , " he said .
But Mr Liddy , who took over AIG in September , told a Congressional committee that the Federal Reserve knew in November of the bonus payments to executives .
He said he spoke regularly with the Fed , expecting them to pass on the details to Treasury officials .
Probe launched
An investigation into AIG bonus payments was launched earlier on Thursday .
Neil Barofsky , the special inspector general , told Congress he would look specifically at the Treasury 's role .
Mr Barofsky said he would " act aggressively to recover the taxpayer 's money " if there was any evidence that something wrong was done to approve the bonuses .
He said that information he had seen showed that the Treasury and AIG discussed the bonuses in October as part of aid negotiations .
Both the Treasury and Mr Liddy have said they had received advice that said they were legally bound to make the bonus payments .
In a separate move , AIG gave details of bonus recipients in investigation by New York 's top legal officer , who is trying to determine whether banks broke securities laws .
Bank of America is also expected to hand over the names of the 200 highest bonus earners in 2008 at Merrill Lynch , which it took over last year .
AIG was saved from bankruptcy with an $ 85 bn lifeline last September .
The government has since pumped billions more into the troubled insurer , which reported a loss of $ 61.7bn for the last three months of 2008 , the biggest quarterly loss in corporate history .
Reports suggest that AIG is considering selling its New York headquarters and a nearby office block .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Novell is making it easier for a Microsoft .NET developer to deploy their applications on Linux , whether they develop their applications on Windows or on Linux , with the release of Mono 2.4 .
Mono is a .NET on Linux implementation and the new version , released Monday , promises greater compatibility and better performance for deploying .NET apps on Linux .
Also , Novell is also releasing MonoDevelop 2.0 , an improved IDE for building .NET applications .
All told , the two new releases continue Novell 's push to ensure that Linux remains a viable platform choice for .NET applications .
The new releases come on the heels of Novell 's SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 11 release , which includes for the first time commercial support for Mono .
" MonoDevelop 1.x was the basic foundation , but we knew it was missing too many features , " Miguel de Icaza , vice president of development platforms at Novell ( NASDAQ : NOVL ) and leader of the Mono project told InternetNews.com .
" The editing experience now is night and day . "
De Icaza explained that his team rebuilt the editor from the ground up .
MonoDevelop 2.0 now includes an integrated debugger , trackable changes and code templates .
Additionally , MonoDevelop 2.0 now uses the same msbuild file format for project code that is used by Microsoft 's Visual Studio .
" What that means is we no longer have our own file format for MonoDevelop , " De Icaza said .
" That means you can alternate with all the applications in the ecosystem that use the file format .
Visual Studio is one , Microsoft Blend and Expression as well as MonoDevelop all use the same format .
So basically we now have a universal file format that they all speak and you can move back and forth across tools . "
He added that , for example , you could do Web design with Microsoft Expression and the changes could be picked up in MonoDevelop and vice versa .
Having the same file format is something that De Icaza sees as being important for the collaborative development of .NET projects .
Visual Studio integration
While MonoDevelop offers Linux developers a way of natively developing .NET application on Linux , Windows developers tend to use Microsoft 's Visual Studio .
Making Mono a more attractive deployment target for Visual Studio developers is also part of De Icaza 's plans .
He commented that for developers that are comfortable with Visual Studio today , they should keep using it and just publish to Linux for deployment instead of a Windows Server .
" Today 's story for Visual Studio is pretty good , you just have to hit the publish button and it will give you a site that will run on Mono , " De Icaza said .
" But we want to do a lot more integration points .
We are working on a Visual Studio plug - in but we 're not announcing that today .
That will do more than what we can do today . "
The new plug - in when available will allow for more integrated Visual Studio to mono debugging and control than what is currently available .
Mono 2.4
Alongside the MonoDevelop 2.0 release , Novell is releasing Mono 2.4 which is the second point release in the 2.x series , which was first released in October of 2008 .
The 2.4 release includes additional stability and performance improvements over its predecessors .
For example , De Icaza claimed that Mono 2.2 on a particular benchmark load test could do 30 requests per second , while Mono 2.4 can do 120 requests per second on the same test .
He added that additional improvement for multi-processor support and optimization were also rolled into Mono 2.4 .
The 2.4 release is also the first Mono release ever to be backed by commercial support from Novell .
Novell has been working on Mono since 2004 .
De Icaza noted that the enterprise support means that the Mono 2.4 branch will undergo a more rigorous release cycle for testing and will be maintained for security fixes for several years to ensure stability .
" The message with Mono 2.4 is that enterprises should feel happy about adopting for enterprise use , " De Icaza said .
" It 's all open source , the enterprise support kicks in when you have a problem . "
A " Simpsons " fan stands dressed as the character Homer Simpson in Springfield , Vermont in this July 21 , 2007 file photo .
U.S. animated comedy " The Simpsons " heads to Ireland on Tuesday for a St Patrick 's Day special .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson / Files
DUBLIN ( Reuters Life ! ) - U.S. animated comedy “ The Simpsons ” heads to Ireland on Tuesday for a St Patrick ’s Day special that sees family patriarch Homer buy a pub and daughter Lisa discover the secret recipe for Guinness : bog water and chocolate syrup .
The episode called “ In the Name of the Grandfather ” , is the first to be premiered outside the United States and has been described as a “ love letter to Ireland ” by executive producer James L Brooks .
Homer wants to fulfil his father ’s wish for one last pint in Tom O’Flanagan ’s bar but when they arrive , the taps of stout and cabbage no longer flow and the pub is empty because the Irish are too busy working in high - tech companies such as Cisc O’Systems and Mick - Rosoft .
The episode was written last year , before the Irish economy rapidly unravelled in the face of an imploding local property market and the global recession .
Unemployment in Ireland , once hailed as “ The Celtic Tiger ” economy , is currently running at 10.4 percent and some people are heading overseas , like generations before them , for work .
Despite this year ’s gloom , Ireland is expected to celebrate its national day with the usual fanfare and fun on Tuesday .
Around 70 parades will be held around the country with the main festivities in Dublin expected to attract around half a million spectators .
In Washington , Prime Minister Brian Cowen will hold talks with U.S. President Barack Obama and present him with a bowl of shamrock in a traditional ceremony .
Irish poetry will be read and traditional music performed at a special evening reception in the White House .
1 of 1 2 of 1
Municipal police officers want RCMP forces doing contract police work in British Columbia to be accountable to the same civilian - oversight process as they are for public complaints in the province .
Tom Stamatakis , founding president of the 2,500 - member B.C. Police Association , noted in a phone interview that the existence of two separate mechanisms dealing with public grievances is “ problematic ” .
“ What we would say is that all police officers in the province of British Columbia should be subject to the same type of oversight , the same type of legislative framework , and the ownership of that oversight should belong to the province of British Columbia , ” Stamatakis told the Georgia Straight .
The BCPA was launched in September of last year .
It represents officers from the province ’s 11 municipal police departments , as well as the transit police .
( Stamatakis is also the head of the Vancouver Police Union . )
Under the current setup , complaints against local police are handled by the Victoria - based Office of the Police Complaint Commissioner , an independent agency created under the Police Act .
Those relating to the RCMP are dealt with by the Commission for Public Complaints Against the RCMP , a body that is based in Ottawa .
However , Stamatakis pointed out that the federal complaints commission can only make recommendations and that it is ultimately the RCMP commissioner who decides cases filed against Mounties .
“ Whereas in this province and in most other provinces in the country , when it comes to municipal or provincial police ” ¦the oversight is independent of the police agencies , ” Stamatakis said .
According to figures provided to the Straight by Nelson Kalil , spokesperson for the Commission for Public Complaints Against the RCMP , complaints against Mounties doing contract police work in B.C. make up more than half of all cases nationwide .
For the period from April 1 , 2003 , to March 31 , 2008 , RCMP officers in B.C. accounted for 2,418 out of the total of 4,493 complaints filed against Mounties across the country .
Kalil explained in a phone interview that because of the volume of complaints against RCMP officers in the province , the commission decided to put up its national intake office for cases in Surrey .
Bruce Brown is a former RCMP officer and a deputy commissioner at the provincial Office of the Police Complaint Commissioner .
Brown told the Straight that putting the RCMP under a provincial oversight process is a complicated matter because the RCMP is a federal agency .
However , he acknowledged that having two separate complaints processes is “ confusing ” to the public .
“ Whether or not it ’s possible to have one system , that remains to be seen , ” Brown said .
“ That ’s something that will have to be decided by the politicians . ”
The B.C. Mounted Police Professional Association counts about 500 members across the province and is independent of the RCMP brass , according to its president , Patrick Mehain .
According to Mehain , the association ’s members would n’t have any problem being under the same oversight process as local police forces .
He even went further by suggesting that B.C. – based Mounties may even switch uniforms if Victoria decides to pass legislation creating a provincial police force .
“ If they go to a provincial force or a regional police force , they ’re going to need a certain amount of members right off the bat , ” Mehain told the Straight .
“ I ’m not speaking for the RCMP , but I believe the members who I have spoken to would be willing to cross over . ”
In 1992 , the province struck a commission of inquiry into policing .
It was headed by then - judge Wally Oppal , now the province ’s attorney general .
One of the issues tackled by Oppal was the split complaint process for municipal police and RCMP forces , which he himself described in his 1994 report as “ clearly unacceptable ” .
“ Clearly there should be one process for complaints against all police officers , ” Oppal wrote .
“ There are several ways in which this can be accomplished .
The first would be to have the RCMP , by moral suasion , consent to compliance with the provincial complaints systems .
This could be effected by reopening the contract with the RCMP .
This seems highly unlikely .
The second way would be to enact provincial legislation which would be applicable to all police officers in the province . ”
Both these options remain open to the province .
The RCMP contract with the province expires in 2012 .
According to Stamatakis , the matter of having a single civilian - oversight authority should be on the table when the contract is renegotiated .
YouTube is still the undisputed king of video sharing on the web , so it only makes sense that there would be a slew of tricks and tools for it .
From Adobe AIR applications that let you download videos to Firefox extensions that protect you from RickRolls , and much more , here are over 100 tools and resources to help you enhance your video experience .
Have a favorite ?
Tell us about it in the comments .
Adobe AIR Applications
Sometimes you just want to get out of the browser environment , and Adobe AIR apps offer a viable solution with many of the same features you enjoy in the browser .
Apps such as the YouTube Video Widget even work online and off , allowing you to watch your downloaded videos any time you 'd like from an app you already enjoy .
DeskTube - A social YouTube viewer that allows you to send links to friends to open their DeskTube , tweet what you are watching along with a link , and more .
MyYouTube - Play or download videos from YouTube , create playlists , manage your collection and more .
YouTube Video Widget works Online and Offline - An application designed with mobile devices in mind .
It downloads the videos to the local drive and then detects when the device is offline and switches to playing the locally stored copies .
YouTube Widget - Browse through the top rated videos or search YouTube just as you would from the web interface .
Alternative Viewing Methods
It can get boring watching YouTube videos in the exact same way day after day .
Why not change it up a bit and look into some alternative methods of viewing ?
You can even create your own comedy by running videos through things like The Benny Hillifier , which oddly turns out funnier than you might think it would .
AlarmTube -
Set a time you want to wake up , choose a video you want to hear as you rise , and you 're done .
ILoveMusicVideo.net - A YouTube viewer focused on music lists generated by Last . fm such as top songs and artists .
InfiniTube.net - Enter some keywords , and you 'll get a constant stream of uninterrupted YouTube videos related to them .
Splicd.com - Select a point in a YouTube video , say starting at 53 seconds , and this site will build a link to that point so you can share it with others .
The Benny Hillifier - Enables you to add The Benny Hill Show theme song to any video .
VirtualVideoMap.com -
Take a virtual tour of the Earth by clicking on the tags on the Google Maps globe , and seeing a video related to that location .
WiiToob.com - A customized YouTube browsing site built with the Nintendo Wii in mind .
You3b.com -
Why watch only one YouTube video , or even two , when you can watch three at once ?
Make a triptych of YouTube videos you can watch singly or all at the same time .
YouTube Doubler -
Once in a while you run into a video on YouTube where the uploader says it will make more sense if you watch another video with it ;
Well , with YouTube Doubler , you can do just that .
Enter the URLs of both videos , and you 're ready to go .
Firefox Extensions
Is there anything Firefox can't do ?
Thanks to its extension development community there are a number of great Firefox extensions for YouTube .
For example , by collecting some of the most popular Greasemonkey scripts for YouTube , Better YouTube allows for greater user control and a cleaner interface .
Download YouTube Videos
Ant Toolbar -
The official toolbar for Ant.com includes a YouTube video downloader as well as a built in FLV player so you can play the videos you 've snagged right from there .
Embedded Objects -
This add - on will download pretty much any type of embedded file , including your favorite YouTube videos .
Fast Video Download - Fast Video Download works with numerous video sites and will also add a download link under embedded YouTube videos you find on other sites .
Flash Video Downloader - Besides allowing you to download your favorite videos from YouTube , this add - on will download flash videos from other sites and even games .
Flash Video Resources Downloader -
Will let you download videos from most flash - based video sharing sites .
Also , enter a YouTube URL and be presented with the download information without needing to go to the page .
Magic 's Video Downloader - Assists you with downloading FLV videos from around two dozen video sharing sites , including the market leader , YouTube .
Media Converter -
This extension will allow you to not only download your desired videos , but it will also convert them right in the browser to the format you desire .
Sothink Web Video Downloader - Besides downloading videos from YouTube , Sothink will also let you capture videos in swf , wmv , asf , avi , mov , rm and rmvb formats .
Video DownloadHelper -
Once installed , Video DownloadHelper 's icon will animate when you come to a page that has a video you can download .
Once you start the download process , you can also choose which format you want to save the file as .
Tools
Better YouTube - Collects some of the most popular Greasemonkey scripts for YouTube that do things like give you an alternate player , a cleaner theater interface and more .
GoogleTube -
This extension adds a YouTube icon next to Google search results that have videos associated with them .
Click on the button and you can watch the videos directly on the search results page .
Groowe Firefox Toolbar - Gives you a toolbar that lets you search YouTube , Digg , Delicious and more .
Now Playing X - Allows you to feed videos you are watching to the Now Playing feature on messengers like Live , Yahoo , AIM , Skype and GTalk .
RickRadar -
If you really fear being RickRolled , install this and it will evaluate pages .
If it feels there is a high probability of Rick Astley being there , it redirects you .
TubeStop -
Only has one job and that is to stop YouTube videos from autoplaying .
VodPod -
Allows you to grab the embed code for a video and store it at VodPod.com and then publish it to your blog with just a click .
You Old Enough ? - Tired of signing in to verify your age ?
This add - on will let you bypass the whole process .
You Player - You Player allows you to drag videos to your playlist and form your own list from around the Web .
If you find anything you like , right click on it and you can choose to download it .
YouTube -
An improved search for YouTube that uses Google 's auto suggest system to help you fill out what you are looking for .
YouTube Cinema - Allows you to play all YouTube videos in a default that shows them in cinema view .
YouTube Comment Snob -
This add - on allows you to hide comments from people with numerous misspellings , excessive punctuation , all capital letters , no capital letters and so on .
Greasemonkey Scripts
Gresemonkey scripts give you greater flexibility on a number of sites , enhancing your visual enjoyment , which is important on YouTube .
For example , YouTube Cleaner clears away the rubbish and allows you to enjoy what the site was built around : videos .
BetterTube - With support for over 50 sites , this script will allow you to see embed - disabled videos , download to various services , and more .
Coralized - YouTube - Uses the Coral Content Distribution Network to cache videos and speed up their loading on your system .
Download ANY Video from YouTube -
This will add a link to any YouTube page allowing you to download the video as an MP4 file .
Loopy for YouTube - Adds a button below a video that lets you loop the video as many times as you like , so it 's perfect for that infectious song you can't get out of your head .
Play YouTube videos in full screen auto -
This script will automatically open YouTube videos into full screen mode , completely bypassing the stand alone page .
Thumbs2 Links -
Allows you to click on " Get direct links ! " from any video index page and begin downloading all of those videos without having to go to individual pages .
VidzBigger - Automatically takes the video to its largest size , and places the comments to the side so you do n't have to scroll down , along with a few other features .
Video Focus -
Allows you to watch videos without the distraction of chats , comments , ads and so on , while also giving you the ability to resize videos , customize the background color , center the video on the page and more .
Works with dozens of different video sites .
Videoembed - Videoembed works with over 40 video sharing sites so that if you are on a page with a link to their videos , it will automatically bring up the video on the page you are viewing as if it was embedded .
Saves you the time and bother of going to YouTube just to get RickRolled .
Years Watching YouTube -
Ever wondered how much time is lost to a given YouTube video ?
This script multiplies the length of the video times the number of views to tell you in years how much time the video has consumed from the world .
YousableTubeFix - A good all - in - one script that blocks ads from the sections you want , lets you download videos into several formats , automatically expands the " More " section , lets you see all comments at once and more .
YouKing -
Adds the ability to download the video in various formats by adding links beneath the embed code area .
YouTube Alternate Video Player - Replaces the standard YouTube flash player with the FlowPlayer player .
YouTube Animated Thumbnails - Force the thumbnails to cycle through the three preview images .
YouTube better embed - Cleans up the embed code for YouTube videos to be used on other sites .
YouTube Cleaner - Helps you clean up the appearance of the YouTube video pages by removing the comments , related videos , promoted videos , sharing information and footer .
Also allows you to restore them instantly if you should choose to do so .
YouTube Double the Vid - Opens the video you are currently viewing in YouTube Doubler ( mentioned earlier in this list ) .
YouTube Enhancer - Assists with downloading videos you wish to keep , giving you the ability to buffer with autoplay turned off , rollover previews and several media controller options .
YouTube Googler - YouTube Googler allows you to have more control over how a YouTube page is presented to you .
You can resize the video , prevent autoplay , and reorder items in the sidebar .
YouTube HD Suite - Adds icons to your YouTube searches to show you which videos are available as HD and MP4 , and then provides you with links inside each for downloading in the quality you want .
YouTube HQ + 720 p - This script will seek out the highest quality version of a video and load it via Ajax so that there is no need for the whole page to reload .
Also adds in the ability to turn autoplay on and off , change the video player color and so on .
YouTube " Lights Out " - Gives you a light bulb icon so you can turn off the " lights " and darken the background for easier enjoyment of your video .
YouTube Lyrics -
This handy little script can search up to 11 sites for the lyrics to the song you are watching a video of .
Words are added in a box in the YouTube sidebar under the video information .
YouTube Playlist Search Remover - Remove playlists from the search results you see on YouTube so you can stick to just the individual videos .
YouTube Prevent Autoplay -
While several other scripts have the ability to turn off the autoplay feature , if that is the only feature you want , this is the script for you .
YouTube Remove Video Ads -
Remove all of those video ads from your selected videos .
YouTube Static Video Size -
With all the different YouTube video sizes these days , this script will keep them a constant size for you .
YouTube Without Flash - Adds links below the videos to either download the videos or play them in an external player .
YouTube - Previews , click - to - play , download , no flash , 16:9 - Gives you previews for three different sections of the video , uses alternate video player for higher quality clips , adds a download button and more .
YouTubr - Allows you to watch a YouTube video associated with a Flickr image right on the Flickr page .
Search & Browsing Tools
YouTube 's search is not the most powerful thing around , it 's doubtful anyone would argue that .
Luckily kindhearted souls out there have built numerous alternative methods such as 7ags.com to help you muddle your way through the millions of video clips .
7ags.com - Browse YouTube keywords in a tag cloud format .
iDesktop.tv - Allows you to search YouTube , see the most popular , featured , or recent in a large display on the front and download anything you like .
Loom.tv - Search multiple video sites including YouTube with this one easy to use interface .
Mappeo.net - A Google Maps and YouTube mashup that lets you browse by geographical location and narrow things down with keywords .
MetaTuber.com - Search by various analytics , browse the tag cloud , see the newest videos and download whichever ones you enjoy .
o Skope.com - A visual search engine for several sources , including YouTube that presents the results as thumbnails on a desktop and allows you to hover over them for information , and move them around to your satisfaction .
TimeTube - Enter a few keywords and this site will build a timeline of videos related to them .
Utrecht.cc - Restrict your searches only to music videos on the popular video sharing site .
VizBand.co.uk - Search either for just music videos or all of YouTube and get the results as a screen full of thumbnail images you merely have to hover over to get information about .
YouTube Download Sites
For a site that does n't offer you the ability to download videos , there sure are plenty of alternatives out there .
Some are very easy , like KissYouTube.com , which just requires a simple URL change , making it a breeze for you to grab any video you want for your own collection .
Anjo.to - Download videos from YouTube and save them in formats such as MP4 , AVI , MOV and others .
Catch - Video.com - A straightforward YouTube downloading service that allows you to convert videos directly to another format of your choice .
CatchYouTube.com - Simply enter the URL of the video , select the format you want to save it in , and click the " Convert & Download " button .
ClipNabber.com -
Enter the URL of videos from a multitude of different sites and then save them in the .flv format .
ConvertTube.com - Enter the URL and convert the videos to formats such as MP3 , MP4 , MPG and more .
DownThisVideo.com - Either paste in the URL of the video you wish to download , or use their bookmarklet to grab the ones you desire .
ExtractVideo.com - Enter the URL of the video you wish to download , see recent downloads from other users , most popular & random videos and more .
ExtractYouTube.com -
Have your choice of entering the URL you wish to download , or use their search to find videos you want to save .
FLVTo.com -
Enter the URL of the video you wish to save as a FLV , or upload a video if you wish to convert it to this format .
KeepVid.com -
Enter the URL of the video you wish to save , or add their bookmarklet to your toolbar and simply click it as you watch the video .
KissYouTube.com -
You can either enter the URL of the YouTube video on their site , or simply add " kiss " in front of " youtube.com " while on the site , and it will start downloading the video .
StreamYard.com - Enter URLs from various video streaming sites to download and save the videos .
TubeZoid.com - Download videos from just about any video sharing site out there .
vconvert.net -
Allows you to download your videos and convert them .
Will also allow you to use a one - click tool to do it even quicker .
Video Downloader - Allows you to enter the URL from more video sites than just YouTube , download them , and convert them to another format .
Vidconverter.com - Enter the URL of a video from YouTube or any other of the numerous video streaming sites they support , and then convert them to other formats .
VideoDL.org - A downloader and nothing else .
Enter the URL , right click to save target as , make the extension .flv and you 're done .
VideoRonk.com - Search multiple video sites , download the resulting videos , recommend them , embed them and more .
Vixy.net - Convert downloaded YouTube videos into formats such as AVI , 3GP , MP3 and others .
YouTubeCatcher.com - Enter the URL of the video you wish to download , see the latest videos people are grabbing , and check out the videos that have been downloaded the most .
YouTubia.com -
A site just offering simple downloads of YouTube videos in their native .flv format .
YouTubeMovieSaver.com - Simply enter the URL of the YouTube video you wish to download , choose to download , name the file as .flv and you 're done .
Miscellaneous YouTube Tools
There are numerous one - of - a - kind apps out there for YouTube that will help you do things like share and explore playlists ( MixMasterTube.com ) , track videos that have been removed for copyright violations ( You Tomb ) , and much more .
Graffiti.VIDAVEE.com - Enter the URL of a YouTube video , click the load button and you will see a copy of the video that you can add effects & text to .
Once you 're done adding you will get a fresh embed code so that you can show off your creation anywhere you like .
MixMasterTube.com - Allows you to share your YouTube playlists with others , explore other lists , use it for music at parties and more .
Review Tube - Allows users to create time - based subtitles for various YouTube videos , and then they are made publicly available .
SiteVolume.com - Enter words in their YouTube tab to see how often they appear on the site .
A good way to get suggestions for what keywords to use in your video description .
Subyo.com - Locate existing subtitles or add your own for any video on YouTube .
TubePopper.com -
Add word balloons , comments , or subtitles to a video and then embed it in your site with the new additions .
TubeSurf.com - Search multiple video sites with one interface and see the results from all of them .
TubeSpy -
Take a look at a constantly updating view of what YouTube videos people are watching at that very moment .
See one that catches your interest and you can click on it to stop it and watch it .
ViralVideoChart.com -
Get a sense of what videos are going viral and how they are trending .
VTubeTools.com -
Add the video ID number and build a new player to use on your site with features like loop , custom skin , play in HQ and more .
YouTomb - A project from MIT that follows what videos are removed from YouTube for copyright violations .
Tells you how many days ago the video was removed and how long it had been on the site prior to removal .
More video resources from Mashable :
The US state department 's annual human rights report got an unusual amount of criticism this year .
This time the centre - left coalition government of Chile was notable in joining other countries such as Bolivia , Venezuela and China – who have had more rocky relations with Washington – in questioning the moral authority of the US government 's judging other countries ' human rights practices .
It 's a reasonable question , and the fact that more democratic governments are asking it may signal a tipping point .
Clearly , a state that is responsible for such high - profile torture and abuses as took place at Abu Ghraib and Guantánamo , that regularly killed civilians in Afghanistan and Iraq and that reserved for itself the right to kidnap people and send them to prisons in other countries to be tortured ( " extraordinary rendition " ) has a credibility problem on human rights issues .
Although President Barack Obama has pledged to close down the prison at Guantánamo and outlaw torture by US officials , he has so far decided not to abolish the practice of " extraordinary rendition " , and is escalating the war in Afghanistan .
But this tipping point may go beyond any differences – and they are quite significant – between the current administration and its predecessor .
In the past , Washington was able to position itself as an important judge of human rights practices despite being complicit or directly participating in some of the worst , large - scale human rights atrocities of the post - second world war era – in Vietnam , Indonesia , Central America and other places .
This makes no sense from a strictly logical point of view , but it could persist primarily because the United States was judged not on how it treated persons outside its borders but within them .
Internally , the United States has had a relatively well - developed system of the rule of law , trial by jury , an independent judiciary and other constitutional guarantees ( although these did not extend to African - Americans in most of the southern United States prior to the 1960s civil rights reforms ) .
Washington was able to contrast these conditions with those of its main adversary during the cold war – the Soviet Union .
The powerful influence of the United States over the international media helped ensure that this was the primary framework under which human rights were presented to most of the world .
The Bush administration 's shredding of the constitution at home and overt support for human rights abuses abroad has fostered not only a change in image , but perhaps the standards by which " the judge " will henceforth be judged .
One example may help illustrate the point : China has for several years responded to the state department 's human rights report by publishing its own report on the United States .
It includes a catalogue of social ills in the United States , including crime , prison and police abuse , racial and gender discrimination , poverty and inequality .
But the last section is titled " On the violation of human rights in other nations " .
The argument is that the abuse of people in other countries – including the more than one million people who have been killed as a result of America 's illegal invasion and occupation of Iraq – must now be taken into account when evaluating the human rights record of the United States .
With this criterion included , a country such as China – which does not have a free press , democratic elections or other guarantees that western democracies treasure – can claim that it is as qualified to judge the United States on human rights as vice versa .
US - based human rights organisations will undoubtedly see the erosion of Washington 's credibility on these issues as a loss – and understandably so , since the United States is still a powerful country , and they hope to use this power to pressure other countries on human rights issues .
But they too should be careful to avoid the kind of politicisation that has earned notoriety for the state department 's annual report – which clearly discriminates between allies and adversary countries in its evaluations .
The case of the recent Human Rights Watch report on Venezuela illustrates the dangers of this spillover of the politicisation of human rights from the US government to Washington - based non-governmental organisations .
More than 100 scholars and academics wrote a letter complaining about the report , arguing that it did not meet " minimal standards of scholarship , impartiality , accuracy or credibility " .
For example , the report alleges that the Venezuelan government discriminates against political opponents in the provision of government services .
But as evidence for this charge it provides only one alleged incident involving one person , in programmes that serve many millions of Venezuelans .
Human Rights
Watch responded with a defence of its report , but the exchange of letters indicates that HRW would have been better off acknowledging the report 's errors and prejudice , and taking corrective measures .
Independence from Washington will be increasingly important for international human rights organisations going forward if they do n't want to suffer the same loss of international legitimacy on human rights that the US government has .
Amnesty International 's report last month calling for an arms embargo on both Israel and Hamas following Israel 's assault on Gaza – emphasising that the Obama administration should " immediately suspend US military aid to Israel " until " there is no longer a substantial risk that such equipment will be used for serious violations of international humanitarian law and human rights abuses " – is a positive example .
The report 's statement that " Israel 's military intervention in the Gaza Strip has been equipped to a large extent by US - supplied weapons , munitions and military equipment paid for with US taxpayers ' money " undoubtedly did n't win friends in the US government .
But this is the kind of independent advocacy that strengthens the international credibility of human rights groups , and it is badly needed .
It ’s over fifty years old , it ’s the most widely used font ever , and it has recently become the subject of its own movie .
We ’re talking about the world ’s most recognizable font : Helvetica .
Its relevance in design through the years and even today seems unbeatable .
The appeal for a distinctive , professional and timeless typeface has never dwindled and it keeps gaining more followers day by day .
Love it or hate it , with its multitude of styles and versions , Helvetica is here to stay .
From airlines , to car companies to the largest software company , Helvetica ’s use in logos throughout the world remains as strong as ever .
In this article we ’ll take a look at 40 excellent logos created using Helvetica .
Have you seen other famous logos using Helvetica ?
Do you use this font in your designs ?
Image via Wikipedia
When we think of BDSM we all have a tendency to think bondage , tying a sub / slave , ropes , scarves and cuffs , and that ’s great , but lets go one step further , what about SPREADER BARS ?
A spreader bar is a device designed to hold a sub or slaves legs or wrists apart , some have hooks to attatch the wrists or ankles to * depending on what type of spreader bar is being used , * others have the cuffs built into them .
There are some that are designed like the old fashioned stocks , to hold the head and wrists , the possibilities are endless and they certainly do add to the excitement of the scene .
Once you have the sub or slave attatched to the spreader bar there is more flexibility in that you can move them about , while they are still bound and unable to actually move themselves freely if the bar is attatched to their ankles , you can lift them , turn them , have them kneel etc , so it does provide a bit more freedom for you that tying them to a bed does .
If you are not sure about spending a great deal of money on a spreader bar , go to the local hardware store , broom handles will do the same job in principle , as will a 2 × 4 or if you know someone in the trade a scaffold pole !
Failing that , if your bed is one with a iron or wood slatted base board then this can be utilized as well , as I have said many times the only limit in this life is your imagination
Free : Linux is an open source project .
As they say , it is free as in free beer .
All you need to install Linux is an Internet connection to download the iso files and a CD where you can burn the iso .
Compare this with Windows which costs a lot !
That is of course true .
It does n't cost anything to download a GNU / Linux distro , besides whatever charges you have for bandwidth .
Note also that in the case of Ubuntu you do n't even need to burn your own CD .
They will send you one for free if you request it .
On the other hand , most users are not aware of the cost of Windows , since it comes pre-loaded with their PC and is ' just there ' .
Consequently , for many this is not really a reason to ' switch ' .
The cost advantage is only relevant if you are installing a new computer from scratch .
Also , the author forgot to mention a very aspect of ' free ' .
See point 11 below .
Linux distributions are COMPLETE :
All the decent Linux distributions are complete : they include almost all the applications like office applications , pdf reader , web servers , compilers , etc .
You do n’t have to pay anything to download and install these applications .
Ubuntu comes with OpenOffice , which is a perfect substitute for MS Office .
Well , they may not all include them right off the bat , but you can usually install easily whatever is missing through the repository of that distro .
This easy and efficient means of installing software is really one of the biggest advantages for the end - user when dealing with modern GNU / Linux distributions .
While most of the high - profile FOSS software , such as OpenOffice , Thunderbird and Firefox are also available for Windows , you have this huge selection of FOSS software in the repos , with a very easy management and installation interface .
I think the incredible ease of use should have been emphasised more .
Virus , Spyware , Adware ?
None of these can affect a Linux based system .
In fact , you do n’t even have to install an anti-virus software which bogs down system performance in Windows .
That is an overly optimistic statement .
Of course one can write software that takes advantage of vulnerabilities even under Linux , or any other OS , really .
But the commenters that complain about this assertion are also missing the point :
They talk about how Linux security is based on the fact that there is less of an effort made by the malware authors to exploit Linux , due to its smaller market share .
The 'less effort ' part might be true , but it is not the complete picture .
The Linux OS architecture is more secure and desktops apps are not normally run in admin mode .
Exploiting Linux by clickable , executable email attachments is possible , but more complex and requires more steps for the user to go through .
If Linux would gain significant market share , we would certainly see an increase in exploit attempts .
How effective they would be , however , is another story .
For the time being , though , GNU / Linux systems clearly have much less of a risk of being infected by anything than Windows machines .
Low system requirements : I have a tough time running Windows XP on my system and Vista needs 1 - 2 GB RAM to work properly .
On the other hand , Ubuntu boots and runs perfectly fast on this low configuration PC .
Ok , let 's not get carried away here .
A full blown Gnome or KDE desktop will chew up a pretty astonishing amount of memory .
The good thing is , however , that there are smaller , compact desktops ( xfce , and others ) available , which result in significantly smaller system requirements .
Also , it is possible to produce distros with incredibly small footprint for embedded systems or small servers , especially if you forgo the graphical desktop .
So , the correct thing to say would be that ' it is possible ' to create very small footprint Linux systems .
The flexibility to do so is a huge plus for Linux .
But we should also admit that modern , full - blown GNU / Linux desktop distros will very happily use up gigabytes of memory as well .
Much Stable : Linux is much more stable when compared with Windows .
This is the reason most of the web servers are run using Linux .
Forget about the blue screen of death [ BSOD ] !
GNU / Linux can be very stable , especially in a server environment .
I have had lockups in the graphical desktop , though .
That desktop is a complex piece of software , apparently , and I find it disturbing that applications can screw it up in such a way that it locks me out .
That does n't happen often , but it has happened .
The legendary reputation for stability of GNU / Linux was build in server environments .
In general , the core of the OS is very stable .
But while the desktop is quite good , it is not perfect .
Maybe a bit more comparable to the typical Windows user experience ?
Your mileage may vary , though .
If you do n't try experimental 3D features in the desktop , or use a well - supported graphic card , or have your standard set of apps that you use every day , you may experience very good stability from the Linux desktop as well .
Programming tools :
If you want to learn programming , Linux is the best for you .
Linux distributions come with many compilers and other tools to write and execute code .
For example , I use gcc to compile C files which I write using the vi editor .
I also have python IDLE installed which I use to learn programming in python .
I can only agree here .
The amount of available software development tools and languages , all for no cost at all , makes a Linux system a dream for any student of programming languages and software development .
Combine that with a huge number of ready - made server packages , libraries , etc. , and you can see how putting together complex , working software systems is quite a joy .
Faster release cycles : Linux distributions are upgraded very fast .
New versions of most Linux distributions are released once in every 6 months .
True .
It 's important to point out that the improvements and updates are incremental and thus aide in the stability of the overall distro .
See also what I wrote about that yesterday .
Helpful community : Linux has a large fan - following .
There are many forums and blogs which can help you if you have any problem .
Millions of people cannot be wrong !
Well , even millions of people can be wrong as history has shown over and over again .
However , the point about the helpful community is of course a valid one .
While this same community also has a problem with prick - ish elitists and fanboys , there is indeed a very large community of helpful and very nice individuals out there .
And with popular distros a solution to a problem is often just a quick search away .
It should also be pointed out that for those who want commercial support it is available as well through support contracts with the large Linux vendors ( RedHat , Novell , Oracle , Canonical , etc. ) .
You can run Linux along with Windows : You can run Linux along with Windows on a different partition .
You can boot to Windows wherever you want .
It is also possible to run Linux in Windows using emulator software like VMWare or MS Virtual PC .
Likewise , it is also possible to run Windows applications in Linux using emulators like Wine ( This Wine is different ! ) .
That 's all true .
Even though your mileage may vary when trying to run Windows software under Wine .
A new learning experience : Install Linux on your computer and you will learn many new things .
Linux does have a point and click interface , but you can use the command line or “ Terminal ” as it is called to completely unleash the power of Linux .
This way you will learn many cool and new things .
Yes , learning a bit about the command line and looking under the hood is a rewarding experience .
GNU / Linux ( and BSD and most other * nix OSs ) wear their hearts on their sleeves .
You can see and experience what 's going on .
A wonderful way to learn .
But one more point : ' Linux ' does n't have a point and click interface , it 's the graphical desktops you have in many distros with the point and click interface .
Contrary to Windows , the desktop and the underlying OS are well separated .
Linux as a server does n't have a point and click interface .
Ok , maybe I 'm picky , but I think that is an important strength that should n't be left unmentioned :
No unnecessary weight if you do n't want to .
Linux is truly free , as in freedom :
As promised , there is at least one more point .
The original article completely forgot to mention this one , which I personally think is the most important one of them all : GNU / Linux is free , as in freedom !
The first point alluded to free as in beer ( price ) only .
But I think the freedom aspect is much more important .
Computers run our lives , they store our data and our most intimate secrets and communications .
How can we give up control over this data to proprietary , closed software that was developed by corporations with the single , overriding motive of increasing their profits ?
Nothing wrong with making a profit , but the goals of those corporations are often directly opposite to our goals as consumers and users .
How can we not demand complete transparency in the software that runs and manages our lives ?
How can we allow software that puts artificial restrictions on us to have any control over our lives and data ?
To put it in the words of the Free Software Foundation :
Free software is the answer to a world built in code .
People like to publish top - 10 lists of all sorts .
And " reasons to switch to Linux " is no exception .
Many of those have been published , and the latest entry is here .
However , I think the author completely forgot a very important point .
Also , some of the points he makes should be examined a bit more closely and critically .
The comments on the original article reflect some valid and some unfounded criticism .
Let me just run through those points ( italics are quotes from the original 10 - point list , my comments are directly below each point ) and provide my own take on those :
So , this is my comment on that most recent " 10 reasons to switch to Linux " post .
A bit too much enthusiasm and the most important point was forgotten .
But I think the points provide a good basis at least for a more differentiated discussion .
Other related posts :
Kred­it­tko­rt er en type betal­ingsko­rt der kon­toen til kortin­nehaver ikke blir belastet ved bruk , men det i stedet gis en kred­itt fra kor­tut­st­ed­er .
Ofte må man betale en fast avgift , selv om noen tilbyr avgifts­frie kort ( f.eks .
Visa Gull hos SPV ) , men utover dette kan kor­tet i prin­sip­pet være kost­nads­fritt .
Det gjelder dog kun der­som man husker å betale reg­nin­gene sine i tide .
For­bruk­slån er et lån man kan få uten å måtte stille noen form for sikker­het , som for eksem­pel i eien­dom eller bil .
Låne­meng­den kan variere stort , men det er gjerne ikke snakk om mer enn mak­si­malt noen hun­dre tusen kro­ner .
Ulem­pen ved et slikt lån er at det gjerne har en høy rente , og dermed er dyrere enn lån hvor man kan stille sikker­het .
Når man bør velge kredittkort
Kred­it­tko­rt bør benyttes når det er snakk om min­dre lånebeløp , og man vet at man kom­mer til å ha mulighet til å betale ned beløpet i den nær fremtid .
Her er det ofte snakk om én til to måned­ers tid .
Så lenge man har mulighet til å betale tilbake pen­gene innen denne tiden , er det uprob­lema­tisk å bruke kred­it­tko­rt , og det er fak­tisk flere fordel­er ved det .
På den andre siden kan det blir veldig dyrt der­som man ikke betaler kred­it­tko­rtreg­nin­gen sin på tiden .
Kred­it­tko­rt har van­ligvis en rente på i overkant av 20 pros­ent , og kan i noen til­feller komme opp så høyt som 30 % .
Der­som man har en rente på 25 pros­ent vil gjelden bli doblet i løpet av 3 år om man ikke kan betale den ned – det er dyrt !
Når man bør velge forbrukslån
For­bruk­slån kan benyttes der­som man ikke har mulighet til å stille sikker­het , men allikev­el trenger et større lån – som man gjerne trenger rundt et år på å ned­be­tale .
Disse lånene har lavere rente enn kred­it­tko­rtet , gjerne på 12 til 13 pros­ent , og det er der­for mye gun­stigere å ta opp et slikt lån frem­for å sette det på kred­itt .
Man bør allikev­el kun ta opp for­bruk­slån hvis det er nød­vendig .
Ved låneopp­tak av et større beløp får man også bedre over­sikt når man tar opp et for­bruk­slån , kon­tra ved bruk av kred­it­tko­rt .
Man får en over­sik­tlig ned­be­tal­ings­plan å forholde seg til , og det blir dermed også enklere å bud­sjet­tere inn disse faste avdra­gene i pri­vatøkonomien .
Noen for­bruk­slån har til og med rente­fri­het , som kan gjøre økonomien i hverda­gen litt mer behagelig og overkom­melig
Ting man bør være obs på med kredittkort
Det kan være spe­sielt fris­tende å bruke penger man ikke har med et kred­it­tko­rt .
Der­for er det alltid vik­tig å ha i bakhodet at det er snakk om penger man lån­er , ikke penger man får ( ! ) .
Man kan særlig miste kon­trollen der­som man har flere kred­it­tko­rt sam­tidig , så det er anbe­falt å holde seg til ett om det er nød­vendig til å beg­ynne med .
Sam­tidig kan det være mange fordel­er ved bruk av kred­it­tko­rt .
Man er mer beskyt­tet ved han­del , både for til­feller av svin­del , men også til­feller der varer / produkter ikke blir lev­ert i hen­hold til avtal­en – ofte er det kred­it­tko­rt­sel­skapet som stilles ans­varlig .
Her er det også lurt å gjøre en grundig under­søkelse før anskaf­felse , slik at man finner et kort som pass­er best for seg selv og sine behov .
Smart om forbrukslån
Som nevnt burde man kun ta opp kred­it­tlån der­som man trenger det .
Det kan være snakk om utgifter som hvite­var­er eller sårt trengt oppuss­ing .
Man burde ikke ta opp for­bruk­slån for unød­vendi­ge for­bruksvar­er som dyre ferier , restau­rantbesøk eller gad­gets man ikke trenger .
Det er lurt å lage et bud­sjett , slik at man finner ut av nøyak­tig hvor mye penger man trenger , og dermed ikke lån­er mer enn nød­vendig .
Videre bør man også bud­sjet­tere hvor­dan man har plan­er om å ned­be­tale lånet , slik at man får kon­troll og ikke har det hen­gende over seg .
Det kan også være lurt å søke lån hos flere tilby­dere ( se feks .
forbrukslån.no — kred­it­tlån , slik at man er sikker på at man får det abso­lutt beste mulige tilbudet .
Særlig vik­tig er det også at man set­ter seg inn i alle vilkårene knyt­tet til lånet .
Et par tips
Bruk e‑faktura ved bruk av kred­it­tko­rt – da får man bedre over­sikt og slip­per å gå glipp av betalinger
Det er alltid rom for forhan­dling ved for­bruk­slån – hør med banken !
For å kon­klud­ere er det alt­så lurest å bruke kred­it­tko­rtet på kort­sik­tige utgifter som man vet at man har mulighet til å betale tilbake ganske kjapt .
For større utgifter med en lengre betal­ing­sho­risont vil et for­bruk­slån være gun­stigere .
Ingen av delene bør brukes der­som det ikke er strengt tatt nød­vendig , og man må alltid sette seg inn i vilkårene før man tar opp lån av noe slag .
( CNN ) --
Five human heads were found in ice chests on Tuesday under a ficus tree in the central Mexican state of Jalisco , police said .
Police in Jalisco , Mexico , discovered five heads beside a road to Guadalajara on Tuesday morning .
The grisly find appeared to be the latest indication of drug cartels fighting for supremacy in battles that have left thousands dead .
Police in the municipality of Ixtlahuacan del Rio were informed of the discovery at 2 a.m. , the prosecutor 's office said in a written statement .
Each head was found in a separate ice chest beside a road leading to the city of Guadalajara , police said .
The tops of the ice chests were inscribed with messages , among them , one that threatened further violence .
" Like these , I am going to finish everyone , " says one .
" I 'm going after you , ' Goyo . ' "
Another said , " Here we go , ' Goyo , ' idiot . "
The victims ' eyes were taped shut and the heads had been severed only a few hours before they were discovered , the statement said .
The victims -- all of them men -- were estimated at 30 to 45 years of age .
Municipal police said one of the heads appeared to belong to someone known in the community .
Jalisco is near the state of Sinaloa , where the Sinaloa cartel is based .
All About Mexico • Illegal Drugs • Guadalajara
( CNN ) -- Faced with a projected $ 42 billion deficit , California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger says his office will send out 20,000 layoff notices Tuesday if lawmakers fail to reach a budget deal before then , according to a spokesman .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger warned lawmakers about potential job cuts last week .
The Republican governor , who declared a fiscal emergency in December , has butted heads for months with the Democratic majority over alleviating the state 's $ 11.2 billion revenue shortfall .
He warned lawmakers about the cuts last week , urging them to approve the latest budget proposal .
However , voting was stalled during a 30 - hour weekend session as the legislature mulled over 26 pieces of legislation that make up the budget package .
By Monday night , there was still no vote on the floor , and the State Assembly in Sacramento was not in session as night fell .
A single Republican vote is holding the budget from passing with a two - thirds majority , Schwarzenegger spokesman Aaron McLear told CNN late Monday .
Watch a report on the budget crisis »
Some Republican lawmakers , including state Sen .
Abel Maldonado , R - Santa Maria , say they do n't agree with the $ 14.4 billion in tax increases tied into the budget package .
Do n't Miss State may have to cut prison population by 40 percent
" People do n't realize where California is at -- people are losing homes , people are losing jobs , " Maldonado told CNN affiliate KOVR .
" We are in a fiscal emergency , and we need to come together to ( resolve ) it . "
The cuts , if they happen , would n't begin until the start of the fiscal year on July 1 , starting with employees of least seniority , McLear said .
The cuts would save California $ 750 million for the year .
McLear added that state workers are under contract , meaning layoffs would be a slow process .
Schwarzenegger and lawmakers have tried discussing alternatives to avoid the scenario .
Running short of cash , California last month started delaying $ 3.5 billion in payments to taxpayers , contractors , counties and social service agencies so the state could continue funding schools and making debt payments .
" The real - life impact will be the slowdown -- the actual shutdown -- of hundreds of state funded transportation projects , people not getting paid , taxpayers not getting refunds , " said Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg , D - Sacramento .
All About California • Arnold Schwarzenegger • Sacramento
Santiago e Industriales soltaron los bates y lideran la 60 SNB
29/09/2020 19:39:55
La Habana .- TRAS cinco subseries lejos del Estadio Latinoamericano , Industriales debutó hoy en su templo sagrado y celebró el éxito sobre Ciego de Ávila ( 7x3 ) para seguir en la cúspide ...
At least the police know what hotel to stake out now .
If you catch a BBlooper on a web site , do a screen capture and send it in .
i can not haz you can not haz
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Boomers have known only inflationary or reflationary conditions for most , if not all of their conscious lives .
Here is the pattern : Want , work , borrow , spend , enjoy , and worry about the bills tomorrow , as if tomorrow would never come .
Now tomorrow is dawning , the bills are due , and boomers are now entering end of life with a need to consume what they perceived would be a treasure chest of accumulated wealth that would allow them to sustain their inflationary lifestyles to life 's end .
However , that wealth has now vanished in a giant deflationary two - step of collapsing home prices and a collapsing stock market .
Note that those are symptoms of deflation not proof of it .
However , 15 out of 15 things one might expect to see happen during deflation are happening now , as detailed in Humpty Dumpty on Inflation .
Material living standards and associated expectations among even the lower working class and poor in the western nations have been raised to levels that will not likely be maintained during a secular deflationary crisis , let alone permit the lifestyles of the upper working class , professional middle class , and wealthy to remain intact .
Is Deflation A Government Choice ?
Most still believe in the Fed 's ability to inflate another bubble .
They are mistaken .
Instead I offer a Crash Course For Bernanke .
Greenspan had the wind of consumers ' willingness and ability to go deeper in debt at his back .
Bernanke has the wind of boomers fearing retirement in the midst of falling home prices and impaired bank balance sheets blowing stiffly in his face .
There is no cure for what ails us other than time and price .
And with the aforementioned attitude changes , the biggest , most reckless , global credit expansion experiment the world has ever seen is coming to an end .
Central banks are powerless to do anything about it .
Government Bonds A Good Bet
When it comes to treasuries I do n't care about the next 30 years , I care about the next 30 months .
The Euro is a flawed mechanism and that spells trouble .
There is no money on the sidelines .
We have had one of the most profound periods of wealth destruction in the last 12 month .
Billionaires are throwing themselves in front of trains .
Sideline cash is a myth .
Debt of all forms went from a generational low of 110 % of GDP in 1974 to 360 % of GDP recently .
We have supersized everything .
In 25 years it will be back at 110 % of GDP .
That has profound implications on valuations and asset classes .
It puts a downward damper on everything .
Multi-Generational Pendulum Shift In Attitudes
“ Borat ” star talks his way into Alabama National Guard
Sacha Baron Cohen , best known for playing “ Borat , ” has done it again .
This time he talked his way onto an Alabama National Guard base by posing as the producer of a German documentary .
Cohen was eventually busted after being recognized by a cadet .
“ It ’s an embarrassment to the Alabama National Guard , ” said Staff Sgt Katrina Timmons .
“ Since then we have put in protocols to make sure this does n’t happen again . ”
Embarrassed National Guard officials fear the footage will end up in an upcoming movie featuring Cohen as Bruno , a gay Austrian fashion writer .
The name of the film is “ Bruno : Delicious Journeys Through America For The Purpose Of Making Heterosexual Males Visibly Uncomfortable In The Presence Of A Gay Foreigner In A Mesh T - Shirt . ”
“ He was treated like a member of the media and escorted around .
He was put in a uniform like he requested to allow him to get a taste of what it was like to be an officer candidate , ” Timmons ruefully admitted .
Cohen is a genius .
Or a lunatic .
Or both .
We ’re not sure .
Source : Breitbart
U - 6 Unemployment Rate Was 14.8 % in February
Let 's " keep it real " for a minute .
The " official " unemployment rate that is released by the US government every month is complete garbage .
The " official " unemployment rate dramatically understates the true number of unemployed ( and underemployed ) people .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics releases six different numbers every month - U - 1 , U - 2 , U - 3 , U - 4 , U - 5 and U - 6.U - 3 is the " official unemployment rate " .
This number ( as you now probably know ) , came in at 8.1 % for February 2009 .
Everyone freaked out over this number , noting that it was much higher than the 7.6 % unemployment number in January and the 7.2 % unemployment number in December .
In actuality , the unemployment rate was much higher .
If you want to be truthful about the employment situation in the United States , then you need to refer to U - 6 .
This number was 14.8 % in February 2009 .
These are n't numbers that I am just grabbing out of the air - these are taken straight from the Bureau of Labor Statistics web site
So who does the 14.8 % number include that the 8.1 % number ( for February 2009 ) does not ?
How about " discouraged workers " ?
These are people who have stopped looking for work because they feel that the effort is a waste , and that there are no jobs available for them .
Discouraged workers have looked for a job sometime in the past 12 months but have not been able to find one .
If we added " discouraged workers " to the 8.1 % " official unemployment number " that was quoted for February of 2009 , then we are left with a number ofNow , how about " marginally attached workers " ?
" Marginally attached workers " include those who are not currently looking for work , but have attempted to look for a job sometime in the recent past and would take a job if offered .
" Marginally attached workers " include " discouraged workers " .
" Marginally attached workers " are not included in the " official " unemployment number because they have not looked for work in the past 4 weeks .
If we add " marginally attached workers " to the 8.1 % " official unemployment " number for February , then we are left with The U - 6 number ( which wasin February of 2009 ) , also includes those people who have been forced to take part - time jobs for " economic reasons " .
These are people who want ( and need ) full - time work , but are n't able to find it , so they take a part - time job instead .
Should we exclude people from the " official " unemployment numbers that want a job but can't find work ?
Should we exclude people who have given up on finding a job completely ?
Should we exclude people who are willing and able to work full - time , but are forced to take part - time jobs because of the poor economy ?
I do n't think so either , and it 's interesting how the federal government massages the unemployment numbers to make them look much better than they actually are .
Some people look at the current " unemployment rate " of 8.1 % in the United States and note that " things were much worse during the Great Depression " .
Here 's the thing though - the " official " unemployment rate is calculated differently now than it was back then .
The oft - quoted unemployment rate of 24.75 % in 1933 would be a great deal lower if it was calculated according to today 's " official " formula - probably 5 - 10 % lower .
Things were certainly worse in 1933 than they are now - but there were n't three times as many unemployed and underemployed people .
-- In the end , when it comes to the " official " unemployment numbers - do n't believe what you are being told .
Things are actually much worse than what the U.S. government is reporting .
Filed under : The Economic Meltdown
True story , or alcohol - induced fantasy ?
Either way , Steve 's not tellin' .
See you tomorrow .
A retired senior police officer has expressed concern about the " sweeping power " that he claims is being abused on a daily basis in all of the 43 police forces .
David Gilbertson , who was assistant inspector of constabulary until he retired in 2001 , has joined the former head of MI5 and the former director of public prosecutions to express concern about the kind of state we are building in Britain .
He has started a viral email campaign to ask people to sign a Number 10 petition against police powers to arrest any person for any offence .
He admits that the petition will probably " do little to stop the drift of this country to what has been described as ' Stasi state ' " but nonetheless he asks " that you consider placing your signature at the petition – if only to see how the government responds to genuine concern from thoughtful citizens " .
This is important and we should pay attention to what this eminently sensible man is saying .
" For one and a half centuries , powers of arrest were linked to the fact that the offence was imprisonable , " he told me .
" Now you can be arrested for anything . "
The change came in section 110 of the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005 , oddly enough the measure that started me writing about civil liberties three years ago .
For the first time in the history of policing in the UK it allowed anyone to be arrested for " any offence no matter how trivial and whether or not a power of arrest previously existed for that offence , " says Gilbertson 's email .
" People can now be ( and have been ) arrested and detained under Section 110 for not wearing a seatbelt , dropping litter , shouting in the presence of a police officer , climbing a tree , and building a snowman . "
He adds : " Whereas police officers used to have to justify every arrest and be aware of whether or not a particular piece of legislation gave them power , they no longer have to do so . "
Section 110 was " tacked onto " the act after intensive lobbying from the Association of Chief Police Officers ( ACPO ) , a private company which under New Labour has been increasingly bold in pushing its own agenda into law .
Why was ACPO so keen to make every offence arrestable ?
Look no further than the DNA database .
The more people the police arrest , the more profiles they could add to the database .
Three years on the profiles of more than 7 % of the population , including one million children , are on the DNA database .
The European Court of Human Rights ruled in the Marper case that this infringes the right to privacy of innocent people but the government – typically lax about the human rights that it claims to champion – has yet to announce what it plans to do about these samples .
When I spoke to Gilberston , a former deputy assistant commissioner of the Met , he said that he was worried about his teenage son being arrested for no reason by his former colleagues .
In his email , he writes : " I spent 35 years of my adult life in the police service and am appalled by what it has become , largely as a result of powers such as those granted under Section 110 . "
There is a tone of regret in his email but also a determination to restore some of the standards and respect that existed in the relations between the police and public .
It is interesting how many people are beginning to think along these lines .
The email asking people to support his call for the repeal of 110 is reproduced below .
If you want to help Gilbertson 's cause , please copy , paste and circulate it to as many people as you can and of course sign the petition yourself .
Let 's see if we can make this one so big that they can't ignore it .
The cost of raising children is not nearly as high as parents have been led to believe , a study reveals .
Far from a child costing $ 10,000 a year , as previous research indicated , the price is more like $ 1300 .
Michael Dockery , an associate professor in the school of economics and finance at the Curtin University of Technology , says children may even enhance their parents ' wealth .
" People now believe they 'll be millions of dollars out of pocket if they have children , " he said .
" It 's nonsense . "
A quick picture set of one of the saddest dogs in the world .
Cheer up , buddy !
There 's lots to live for !
via [ World For Fun ]
Image Programming in JavaScript : The Histogram
Recently , I 've spent a lot of my time taking photographs .
When I get home from taking pictures , I immediately pop open Lightroom to import the images , pick out my favorites , do some adjustments on them , and publish them .
As a programmer , though , it was bothering me that I do n't know exactly what 's happening behind the scenes when I adjusted my images .
What 's really happening when I adjust the " saturation " slider for a photo ?
How does sharpening work , and what does its " amount " mean ?
Sure , I could go read books to find out , but there 's only way to really know what 's happening : write a program to do it .
This article represents part 1 of what will hopefully become a series on programming the digital image with JavaScript .
Wait , JavaScript ?
Sure thing !
With the recent adoption of the < canvas > element into modern browsers , JavaScript has gained the ability to load , display , and manipulate images at the pixel level .
In addition , Jacob Seidelin recently created the Pixastic library to do the heavy DOM and canvas lifting for us .
As much as possible , I 'll be using Pixastic as a base because JavaScript is a reasonably enjoyable programming language , the framework is new and simple , and I can show neat demos right in the browser .
I 'll also be using jQuery , because it makes writing cross - browser JavaScript much more pleasant .
Jumping Right In : What Is a Digital Image ?
In the spirit of YAGNI , we 're going to accept a superficial answer to this question , at least for now .
We 're basically going to pretend that all images are in color and represented in the same color space in the same way .
Our provisional definition of a digital image is this :
A Digital Image is a sequence of pixels , each of which is represented by a 3 - byte tuple ( red , green , blue ) .
The value of each element represents the strength of that color in that pixel .
This means that each pixel has a value between 0 and 255 , where 0 represents absence and 255 full strength .
For example , the tuple ( 255 , 0 , 0 ) would represent a pure red pixel , the tuple ( 0 , 255 , 0 ) a pure green one , and ( 0 , 0 , 255 ) a pure blue one .
Since we 're mixing light1 , the colors are additive , which means that they get lighter when mixed .
Thus ( 255 , 255 , 0 ) represents a mixture of red and green which produces yellow , ( 0 , 255 , 255 ) represents green and blue combined to form magenta , and so on as you can see in the chart to the right .
You can think of it is as if you 're in a dark room shining colored flashlights on a wall ; if you do n't shine any lights the wall remains black .
If you shine all three colors on it , you get white .
Thus , it makes sense that ( 0 , 0 , 0 ) represents black and ( 255 , 255 , 255 ) represents white .
OK , I get it .
So what 's a Histogram ?
There are of course lots of colors in between the pure ones I talked about above , represented by the all the possible color tuples with values between 0 and 255 .
In order to understand an image at a glance , it 's often helpful to see just how often each color occurs in that image .
The histogram allows us to do just that .
To the right is the basic schematic of a histogram .
The y - axis represents the frequency of each color value , which are represented on the x-axis .
The left side of the histogram shows darker colors and the right side lighter .
The histogram of an image is a chart of how often each possible value or range of values for a color occurs in that image
Below is an image next to the histograms for its red , green , and blue values , respectively .
We can see that there are a lot of light blues , presumably in the the sky , a lot of midrange reds and greens , and not a whole lot of dark colors , though there is a spike at pure black .
I wo n't go over what a histogram means for your photography ; you should read what a better photographer has to say about that .
On To The Source
There are 2 major steps in creating histograms : gathering the data and drawing the histogram .
To gather the data , we 'll initialize three arrays with 256 slots , one array slot for each of the color values .
Then we 'll just loop through each pixel in the image and add one in the appropriate histogram slot for each color .
That 's it !
function array256 ( default_value ) { arr = [ ] ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 256 ; i ++ ) { arr [ i ] = default_value ; } return arr ; } var rvals = array 256 ( 0 ) ; var gvals = array 256 ( 0 ) ; var bvals = array256 ( 0 ) ; each_pixel ( image_data , function ( r , g , b ) { rvals [ r ] ++ ; gvals [ g ] ++ ; bvals[ b ] ++ ; } ) ;
Where each_pixel is simply a function that loops through the image and passes the red , green , and blue value of each pixel of its first argument to the function passed as its second argument .
What we have at the end of this code is three arrays , each containing the count of each possible value of one color in the image .
To simplify the display of these histograms , we 'll draw on a < canvas > 256 pixels wide , so that each possible color occupies one pixel .
Since our canvas is only 100 pixels tall , and any histogram value could be greater than 100 , we 'll scale each value as the percentage of the maximum value in the histogram .
// get a reference to the canvas to draw on var ctx = $ ( " #colorhistcanvas " ) [ 0 ].getContext ( " 2d " ) ; var rmax = Math .max.apply ( null , rvals ) ; var bmax = Math .max.apply ( null , bvals ) ; var gmax = Math .max.apply ( null , gvals ) ; function colorbars ( max , vals , color , y ) { ctx.fillStyle = color ; jQuery.each ( vals , function ( i , x ) { var pct = ( vals [ i ] / max ) * 100 ; ctx.fillRect( i , y , 1 , - Math .round ( pct ) ) ; } ) ; } colorbars ( rmax , rvals , " rg b( 255,0,0 ) " , 100 ) ; colorbars ( gmax , gvals , " rg b( 0,255,0 ) " , 200 ) ; colorbars ( bmax , bvals , " rgb( 0,0,255 ) " , 300 ) ;
You can see this code in action at the top half of the histogram demo page .
Note that the histograms on that page are being generated by JavaScript when you load the page , so you can look into the source and see exactly how the process works .
A Mean Feat
Most of the time , the three histograms are more information than we need .
Instead , we want to be able to tell at a glance whether we 've overexposed or underexposed the shot , and a single histogram can give us all the information we need .
In this case , all we need is an average of the three histograms .
The obvious way to average the three histograms is to weight them all equally , sum each value , and divide by three .
You 'll see this histogram under " Average " on the demo page .
However , not all colors appear equally bright to human eyes , so the equally weighted histogram is commonly replaced with one more heavily weighted towards green , which appears brightest .
A commonly given figure is 30 % red , 59 % green , and 11 % blue , the results of which you can see in the " weighted average " histogram on the demo .
Conclusion
Hopefully , this article lays a solid base on which I can begin building up to show more complex and interesting image transformations with JavaScript and Pixastic .
It should have given you a basic understanding of how an image is formed and how to build several different types of histograms from it .
For a more detailed understanding , I encourage you to study the code given in the demo page ; it should all be pretty simple .
If you have any questions or comments , please feel free to drop me an email .
As the economic crisis gathered steam last year , Americans became increasingly stressed out and experienced worsened mental health — a trend that continues today , according to a landmark Gallup - Healthways poll out this week .
Done nearly every day in 2008 and still ongoing , the survey of 355,334 people is believed to be the largest , longest and most thorough poll showing how emotional well - being shifts with economic changes .
The survey produces a so - called Emotional Health Index ( EHI ) — a measure that weighs negatives such as depression , worry and stress against the positive feelings a person experienced the day before the survey .
Among highlights of the poll :
• Stress shot up over 2008 , peaking in the fall and winter as the economic crisis deepened , then continuing high through February .
The 10 least happy days of 2008 all were in the last quarter .
• Emotional well - being overall dropped , too , driven largely by declines in mental health for the poorest people .
• Americans ' moods were ultra-sensitive to economic news .
Well - being plunged on days when the Dow lost big and with reports of high jobless claims .
• A state 's EHI correlated with high rates of death from ailments such as heart disease , says Gallup analyst Raksha Arora .
States with a lot of open space or sunshine — Hawaii , Alaska , Wyoming — had some of the best emotional health even as the economy sank .
Many poorer and Rust Belt states —
West Virginia , Ohio , Kentucky — were worst off .
• There were few racial differences , but Hispanics , the nation 's largest and fastest growing minority , had the worst emotional health all year long .
The poll was a joint effort between Gallup and Healthways , a disease - management company .
The poll findings are no surprise to anyone on the front lines of mental health care , says David Baron , chairman of the psychiatry department at Temple University School of Medicine in Philadelphia .
" This recession has touched people in virtually every walk of life , " Baron says .
The link between the EHI and illness makes sense , adds Stevan Hobfoll , a psychologist at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago .
Depression increases smoking and drinking and discourages exercise ; it also raises the risk of heart disease , he says .
The survey shows that those 30 to 55 years old , prime earning years , may be suffering most from the bad economic news , says Gallup 's Arora .
And these are also prime - time decades for raising families .
But that 's getting harder in such a tough economic climate , says Julie Moghal , a psychologist based at CHOC Children 's Hospital in Orange , Calif .
" So many parents are feeling guilty and upset about how to handle economic reverses with their children , " she says .
Hispanics take it hard
The particularly poor emotional health of Hispanics may be caused by cultural qualities as well as their economic roles , according to experts .
Although women overall have higher depression rates than men , Hispanic women have the highest rates of all women , says Caroline Clauss - Ehlers of Rutgers University , a bilingual psychologist who counsels many Hispanic families in New York .
Latinos take great pride in caring well for their families , " and if you 're the mother , and the family is n't doing well , a lot of the women feel they 're to blame , " she says .
Hispanic men and women feel shame if they can't take good care of their families — a hard act when the economy is nose - diving .
This shame can prompt people to isolate themselves , keeping anguish private so they do n't get the support they need , Clauss - Ehlers says .
Many Hispanic adults send money home regularly to even - poorer family members in other countries , she adds , so the recession has amplified pressure .
In the USA , a lot of Hispanics work as small - business owners dependent on Hispanic customers , who have lost work in this economic crisis as contractors , construction workers , painters or day laborers , according to Estuardo Rodriguez , spokesman for the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund .
With the building market collapsed , Hispanics have taken a hard hit in this recession , he says .
Someone who knows that too well is 35 - year - old Raul DeAnda of Antioch , Calif .
He had a good job in home construction , owned a house and supported three children with his wife expecting a fourth , when the unexpected slammed down on them in May :
The company he worked for went out of business .
DeAnda spent nine months searching for work without success as savings dwindled and bills piled up .
Now the family is facing foreclosure .
Just last week , he latched onto another construction job , but he and his wife both fear it may be temporary and worry that they 're so behind in mortgage payments they 're going to lose their house , anyway .
He 's a nervous wreck .
And his wife , Lorena De La Cruz , minces no words on how she feels : " I 'm very stressed , anxious , depressed and worried about our family . "
The longer it has gone on , the more worried she has become , De La Cruz says .
With four children 2 months to 7 years old , she can't easily join the work force herself and prays her husband can keep this construction job .
Support system weakens
Even if lower - income people seek counseling for recession - related stress , they may have to wait a long time or never get help , says a report on public mental - health services out Wednesday that suggests one reason why poorer adults may be sinking in emotional well - being as the economy worsens .
The mental health system that serves them was on the economic chopping block all over the USA last year , with widespread slashes in services , says Michael Fitzpatrick , executive director of the National Alliance on Mental Illness , which put out the report .
Meanwhile , many therapists treating more upscale patients are hearing about more money - related traumas and pleas for reduced rates .
As the Gallup - Healthways survey shows , stress has risen across the board .
Kathy Seus , 45 , of Chicago was upbeat and fairly optimistic after losing her sales job in January .
With experience in sales , marketing and management , plus an MBA from the University of Chicago , she hoped a strong effort would help her land another job .
Two months later , optimism has waned and depression is setting in .
There 's no job in sight .
Meanwhile , her property taxes for March have gone unpaid .
So has her mortgage , because she tried to negotiate a lower payment and says the bank would n't work with her until she stopped paying .
" For the first time in my life , I 'm really scared and very worried about losing a house in which I 've invested every cent I have and have lived in for 13 years , " she says .
Many friends have slipped away as she has struggled to keep her head above water , Seus says .
" They offer no comfort .
I tell people I lost my job and am worried about losing my house , and they tell me how they 've had to cut back on manicures . "
She keenly appreciates those who have shown empathy .
" The few that have been there for me have been absolute lifesavers , " she says .
" I hope that one day I can return the favor . "
Supportive friends are vital for people facing economic crisis , says Lanny Berman , executive director of the American Association of Suicidology .
A lack of supportive relationships is tied to higher suicide rates among the unemployed , Berman says .
Unemployed adults have two to four times the suicide rates of employed people , but coping skills in hard times vary widely , he adds .
Suicides spiked during the Great Depression but did n't increase in later recessions lasting an average of 10 months , according to the suicidology group 's website .
The current recession is 15 months long and counting .
The Gallup - Healthways poll shows a lot of people are suffering in this scary economic crisis , " and we need to be more concerned about what happens with suicide now , " Berman says .
When someone is in despair over economic problems , " give them support and see that they get help for mental health problems , " he says .
" This is the time to be our brother 's keeper . "
READERS : Do you feel that the economy is taking a toll on your mental health ?
How are you coping ?
Share experiences and advice below :
This article was temporarily taken down on legal advice after New Scientist ’s editor , Roger Highfield , received a letter from a law firm on behalf of James Le Fanu , the GP and author of the book Why Us ?
Following discussions , New Scientist has now reinstated the article accompanied by a comment from Dr Le Fanu .
AS A book reviews editor at New Scientist , I often come across so - called science books which after a few pages reveal themselves to be harbouring ulterior motives .
I have learned to recognise clues that the author is pushing a religious agenda .
As creationists in the US continue to lose court battles over attempts to have intelligent design taught as science in federally funded schools , their strategy has been forced to … well , evolve .
That means ensuring that references to pseudoscientific concepts like ID are more heavily veiled .
So I thought I ’d share a few tips for spotting what may be religion in science ’s clothing .
Red flag number one : the term “ scientific materialism ” .
“ Materialism ” is most often used in contrast to something else – something non-material , or supernatural .
Proponents of ID frequently lament the scientific claim that humans are the product of purely material forces .
At the same time , they never define how non-material forces might work .
I have yet to find a definition that characterises non-materialism by what it is , rather than by what it is not .
The invocation of Cartesian dualism – where the brain and mind are viewed as two distinct entities , one material and the other immaterial – is also a red flag .
And if an author describes the mind , or any biological system for that matter , as “ irreducibly complex ” , let the alarm bells ring .
Advertisement
Misguided interpretations of quantum physics are a classic hallmark of pseudoscience , usually of the New Age variety , but some religious groups are now appealing to aspects of quantum weirdness to account for free will .
Beware : this is nonsense .
When you come across the terms “ Darwinism ” or “ Darwinists ” , take heed .
True scientists rarely use these terms , and instead opt for “ evolution ” and “ biologists ” , respectively .
When evolution is described as a “ blind , random , undirected process ” , be warned .
While genetic mutations may be random , natural selection is not .
When cells are described as “ astonishingly complex molecular machines ” , it is generally by breathless supporters of ID who take the metaphor literally and assume that such a “ machine ” requires an “ engineer ” .
If an author wishes for “ academic freedom ” , it is usually ID code for “ the acceptance of creationism ” .
 If an author wishes for ‘ academic freedom ’ , it is usually code for ‘ the acceptance of creationism ’ 
Some general sentiments are also red flags .
Authors with religious motives make shameless appeals to common sense , from the staid – “ There is nothing we can be more certain of than the reality of our sense of self ” ( James Le Fanu in Why Us ? ) – to the silly – “ Yer granny was an ape ! ” ( creationist blogger Denyse O’Leary ) .
If common sense were a reliable guide , we would n’t need science in the first place .
Religiously motivated authors also have a bad habit of linking the cultural implications of a theory to the truth - value of that theory .
The ID crowd , for instance , loves to draw a line from Darwin to the Holocaust , as they did in the “ documentary ” film Expelled :
No intelligence allowed .
Even if such an absurd link were justified , it would have zero relevance to the question of whether or not the theory of evolution is correct .
Similarly , when Le Fanu writes that Darwin ’s
On the Origin of Species “ articulated the desire of many scientists for an exclusively materialist explanation of natural history that would liberate it from the sticky fingers of the theological inference that the beauty and wonder of the natural world was direct evidence for ‘ A Designer ' ” , his statement has no bearing on the scientific merits of evolution .
It is crucial to the public ’s intellectual health to know when science really is science .
Those with a religious agenda will continue to disguise their true views in their effort to win supporters , so please read between the lines .
James Le Fanu writes :
The critical website Reponses to Ms Gefter ’s article ( ‘ epistemological hubris ’ , ‘ straw - man argument ’ , ‘ dualism a valid field of study ’ , [ the necessity to distinguish between ] ‘ assertions that contradict the best scientific thinking from those that cannot be resolved by the techniques of science ’ etc etc ) speak for themselves .
But her specific allegation against myself of covertly promoting ‘ pseudoscientific concepts ’ in pursuit of a hidden religion agenda is unfairly prejudicial to my reputation .
My interpretation of the recent dramatic findings in genetics and neuroscience , as set out in my book , ‘’ Why Us ? ’ is that they are so extraordinary and unexpected as to challenge the prevailing view that the phenomenon of life – and in particular the twin enigmas of ‘ form ’ and ‘ mind ’ – can be accounted for by the materialist properties of the chemical genes and the electrochemistry of the brain alone .
This interpretation requires , by necessity , an examination of philosophical notions such as scientific materialism and Cartesian dualism that Ms Gefter alleges is typical of arguments deployed by closet creationists who “ disguise their true views in their effort to win supporters ” .
But to whom can she be referring ?
Scarcely the protagonists of Intelligent Design , whose theistic inferences could not be more explicit .
Perhaps she has in mind the many respected biologists , philosophers and science writers who , in different ways , are sceptical of the explanatory power of science ’s radical reductionist programme to account for ‘ form ’ or ‘ mind ’ – but are we to assume they too are motivated by a covert religious agenda ?
And if not them , whom ?
Ms Gefter ’s supposition that there is a genre of science books written by creationists ‘ disguising their true views ’ is , I would suggest , a mirage invoked to condemn by association those like myself who draw attention to the limits of science and its exclusively materialist explanations and theories .
I believe that the New Scientist should do more to examine such ideas to promote the spirit of open and intellectual enquiry .
Hard to say what was more remarkable about the resolution that was read into the record and referred to committee Wednesday by a member of the 87th Arkansas General Assembly .
The resolution itself : HJR 1009 : AMENDING THE ARKANSAS CONSTITUTION TO REPEAL THE PROHIBITION AGAINST AN ATHEIST HOLDING ANY OFFICE IN THE CIVIL DEPARTMENTS OF THE STATE OF ARKANSAS OR TESTIFYING AS A WITNESS IN ANY COURT .
Or the fact that it was submitted by the Green Party 's highest - ranking elected official in America , state Rep. Richard Carroll of North Little Rock , who was elected in November winning more than 80 percent of the vote in his district .
Arkansas is one of half a dozen states that still exclude non-believers from public office .
Article 19 Section 1 of the 1874 Arkansas Constitution states that " No person who denies the being of a God shall hold any office in the civil departments of this State , nor be competent to testify as a witness in any court .
Of late , Clegg has looked and sounded good , made some pertinent interventions in the Commons , and been rewarded with a sharp lift in Lib Dem poll ratings .
Then he lived up to his Calamity Clegg reputation by suggesting that the recession was a chance for newly unemployed men to become stay - at - home fathers .
Oh dear .
I wonder how that patronising drivel went down this week in Cowley , where 850 car workers , mainly men , were given an hour 's notice .
Their best job prospects are now in fast - food outlets .
Clegg , of course , is about to go on paternity leave .
While not all of her staff are quite as fond of the output of Classic FM as she is , Mrs Greenway , 62 , kept the radio tuned to the station religiously while mucking out because of the apparent benefits .
ADVERTISEMENT
Isikoff : Discrepancies in CIA tapes story David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Tuesday March 3 , 2009
Print This Email This Reporter : John
Yoo apparently offered Bush justification to overrule the First Amendment
Following Monday 's revelation that the Central Intelligence Agency destroyed 92 tapes of suspects , some allegedly undergoing harsh interrogations , the ACLU was quick to pounce , calling on a judge to issue a " prompt finding of contempt " against the CIA for disobeying an order to preserve evidence .
Monday night , Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff highlighted a years - old CIA explanation as to why the tapes could not be released , which appears to contradict the agency 's current effort to explain away the destruction of the videos .
In his primer , Isikoff also explained how Bush attorney John Yoo offered the former administration a route around the Fourth and First Amendments to the Constitution .
Speaking with MSNBC's Rachel Maddow , Isikoff began by addressing the Obama administration 's recent release of a series of Bush Justice Department memos .
" We have known for quite some time that the Justice Department during this period was giving the green light for a whole wide range of activities , warrantless surveillance , harsh interrogations of suspects , citing broad , expansive powers that they claimed the president had in light of the 9/11 attacks .
" But , every time we get one of these memos , we discover new claims and new assertions that were being made ... "
Among the legal claims were assertions that the president could ignore treaties and International law , along with the Fourth and First Amendments .
" This October 23 , 2001 memo , written by John Yoo , who was the intellectual author of the legal philosophy that the Bush administration was relying on , saying that if the Fourth Amendment did n't apply during the War on Terror , there 's no reason the First Amendment guarantees a freedom of the press , a freedom of speech , should n't apply either , " said Isikoff .
" We 're at war .
The president , in wartime , has unlimited , unfettered executive power to defend the country and the Justice Department was essentially giving the green light to that . "
" The Bush administration repealed these memos as one of their very last acts , " said Maddow .
" They said they had not relied on these memos for quite some time .
Why then repeal these memos right before Bush leaves office ? "
" Actually , that was one of the most interesting revelations today , " said Isikoff .
" That with five days left in Bush 's presidency , Steve Bradbury , who was chief of the office of legal counsel , suddenly reviews these memos and says that they should n't be relied on , that the legal reasoning on these was poor and not authoritative .
" We know a couple of things are going on .
Obviously , the Obama Justice Department was going to be able to get into these files , review them and release them and a lot of people would get egg on their face .
" We also know , as we talked about a couple of weeks ago on this show , that there is this ethics review .
A report by the Office of Professional Responsibility inside the Justice Department , into the authors of these memos .
Steve Bradbury was one of the people being investigated as part of that review and Bradbury may have been trying to cover himself a little big .
Trying to show , ' Hey , I did n't sign off on these really wild - eyed John Yoo memos .
I actually rescinded them . '
" The problem he 's got is the timing and why he waited so long to pull these memos back . "
Asked for more details about the CIA 's tapes , Isikoff laughed .
" What the CIA is saying is that that these 92 tapes were tapes of two suspects , " he explained .
" They never said there were two tapes .
They said there were tapes of interrogations of two suspects .
" So , when I put to them today , 92 interrogations of two suspects , they said ' Well , they 're not all interrogations .
Some of these are just of the suspects themselves . ' "
The CIA said many of the videos were n't interrogations , but merely the suspects " sitting around in their black , secret sites somewhere , " claimed Isikoff .
He insisted that story does not sync with " the CIA 's original explanation that they had to protect the identities of the CIA interrogators . "
" If it 's just the suspects , then whose identity are you protecting by destroying the tapes ? "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Mar. 2 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
February 15 , 2009
Neko Case ’s North American Songbook
A sampling of Neko Case 's well - traveled musical career , including her solo work and records with the New Pornographers and the Corn Sisters .
( Not featured are the dozens of tracks she has contributed to artists as diverse as M. Ward , Mekons , Giant Sand , the Sadies and so forth . )
Explore Case 's catalog by clicking on the markers below .
Article : Wild Thing
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Psych floor last week .
Where else ?
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Anyway , I know this is totally gross and unethical , but I thought you were an interesting human being and funny and kind of wished I could get to know you better ( even if just because you seemed to know the road better than I do ) and it seemed like we could share a few laughs about some of the bullshit .
Drop me a line if you want to color or play fucking Uno or something .
If not , I hope you 've reached the outside world and that it is being kind to you .
Stupid crap
This is a short compendium of some of the dumbest arguments I 've ever heard .
Why ?
I think it 's because they were so egregiously stupid that they 've been bugging me ever since .
Anyway , it 's been on my to - do list for about three years , so what the hell .
Around 1986 , I heard it claimed that Ronald Reagan did not have practical qualifications for the presidency , because he had not been a lawyer or a general or anything like that , but rather an actor .
" An actor ? " said this person .
" How does being an actor prepare you to be President ? " I pointed out that he had also been the Governor of California .
" Oh , yeah . "
But it does n't even stop there .
Who says some actor is qualified to govern California ?
Well , he had previously been president of the Screen Actors ' Guild , which seems like a reasonable thing for the Governor of California to have done .
Around 1992 , I was talking to a woman who claimed that the presidency was not open to the disabled , because the President was commander - in - chief of the army , he had to satisfy the army 's physical criteria , and they got to disqualify him if he could n't complete basic training , or something like that .
I asked how her theory accommodated Ronald Reagan , who had been elected at the age of 68 or whatever .
Then I asked how the theory accommodated Franklin Roosevelt , who could not walk , or even stand without assistance , and who traveled in a wheelchair .
" Huh . "
I was once harangued by someone for using the phrase " my girlfriend . "
" She is not ' your ' girlfriend , " said this knucklehead .
" She does not belong to you . "
Sometimes you can't think of the right thing to say at the right time , but this time I did think of the right thing .
" My father , " I said .
" My brother .
My husband .
My doctor .
My boss .
My congressman . "
" Oh yeah . "
My notes also suggest a long article about dumb theories in general .
For example , I once read about someone who theorized that people were not actually smaller in the Middle Ages than they are today .
We only think they were , says this theory , because we have a lot of leftover suits of armor around that are too small to fit on modern adults .
But , according to the theory , the full - sized armor got chopped up in battles and fell apart , whereas the armor that 's in good condition today is the armor of younger men , not full - grown , who outgrew their first suits , could n't use them any more , and hung then on the wall as mementoes .
( Or tossed them in the cellar . )
I asked my dad about this , and he wanted to know how that theory applied to the low doorways and small furniture .
Heh .
I think Herbert Illig 's theory is probably in this category , Herbert Illig , in case you missed it , believes that this is actually the year 1712 , because the years 614–911 never actually occurred .
Rather , they were created by an early 7th - century political conspiracy to rewrite history and tamper with the calendar .
Unfortunately , most of the source material is in German , which I can not read .
But it would seem that cross-comparisons of astronomical and historical records should squash this theory pretty flat .
In high school I tried to promulgate the rumor that John Entwistle and Keith Moon were so disgusted by the poor quality of the album Odds & Sods that they refused to pose for the cover photograph .
The rest of the band responded by finding two approximate lookalikes to stand in for Moon and Enwistle , and by adopting a cover design calculated to obscure the impostors ' faces as much as possible .
This sort of thing was in some ways much harder to pull off successfully in 1985 than it is today .
But if you have heard this story before , please forget it , because I made it up .
Addendum 20150513 : I have several times heard an argument against hate speech laws on the grounds that no other law punishes a person not for what they did but for what was in their mind .
There may be good arguments against hate speech laws , this is not one .
If you are the lookout for a failed bank robbery , you will be charged with bank robbery , despite having done nothing but stand on a public streetcorner ; if you were the getaway driver you will be charged with bank robbery even if you paid the parking meter .
Honest mistakes are distinguished from from fraud based on state of mind : fraud requires an intent to deceive .
Assault , battery , and even homicide can be defensible if you are acting in self - defense , which requires a belief that one is in imminent danger .
Identical behavior can result in a charge of criminal negligence , manslaughter , second - degree murder , or first - degree murder depending only on the perpetrator 's state of mind .
Criminal conspiracy is just two people talking in a room , nothing illegal about that , they might have been discussing a mystery novel , except they were n't , they were planning a crime .
And so on .
I would like to acknowledge the generous gift of Jack Kennedy .
Thank you very much !
This acknowledgement is not intended to be apropos of this blog post .
I just decided I should start acknowledging gifts , and this happened to be the first post since I made the decision . [
See also : radioactive potassium and " Crappiest literary theory this month " . ] [ Addendum 20090214 : A similar equivocation of " your " is mentioned by Plato . ]
[ Other articles in category / misc ] permanent link
( JTA ) —
The International Red Cross said Israeli forces must have been aware of dead and wounded Palestinians left four days without attention .
The Red Cross said Israeli forces prevented its first responders from reaching an area of the Zeitun neighborhood in Gaza City where buildings had collapsed because of Israeli shelling .
The agency said it sought access on Saturday after the neighborhood was shelled , but Israeli forces kept them from reaching the site until Wednesday , where rescuers found 15 people dead and 18 in need of emergency care , including four starving children next to their dead mothers .
" The Israeli military must have been aware of the situation but did not assist the wounded , " the committee said in a statement Thursday .
Earth walls built by Israeli forces prevented ambulances from reaching the area , and the wounded had to be evacuated by donkey cart .
The Israeli army ’s response did not directly address the accusations but said serious complaints would be investigated .
Welcome to the Archive 0 Jane Espenson On Writing Hi !
Jane here .
This site is an archive of blog posts made by me between 2005 and 2010 .
Mostly , they ’re writing advice , with a dash of lunch .
Much of the advice I give here is still good .
If you find it useful , please run with it .
I wish you luck in pursuing the best job in the world !
An Artist ’s Palate 0 Jane Espenson On Writing , Spec Scripts I get asked a lot of questions about how I ’m influenced by fans ’ reactions to a show .
This is a very legitimate question in a world where there are no longer a few reviewers who publish their opinions about an episode , but instead there are thousands of people blogging and Tweeting their reactions instantly .
One of the specific questions I ’m asked is “ do you ever change the show to appeal to the audience , now that you have such immediate access to what they do and do n’t want . ”
The answer I give to this is that I consider myself to be the audience I ’m writing for .
I write what I would want to see .
Often , people are surprised by this .
Not only am I saying I ignore all those fans who are desperately telling me what they want , but I ’m also saying I ’m writing for one very specific person who may not be at all representative of who is actually watching .
Well , when you say it that way , it does sound crazy .
But here ’s how I defend it .
I think there ’s an analogy to be drawn with cooking .
Theoretically , why does a chef need to have a good palate ?
If the chef is cooking what the diners like , why does the chef have to like it ?
Why , in fact , does she even need to know what it tastes like ?
Well , obviously , I ’d rather take my chances with a chef who likes the food they ’re cooking than one who does n’t .
Only the chef who likes it is going to know when it ’s exactly right , not almost right .
And only the chef who likes it can put passion into it , playing with the flavors night after night , augmenting and complementing and pairing the dish with wines and so forth .
No one would want to be a chef assigned to cook for aliens with weird alien taste buds .
Similarly , I would suggest that you not try writing for a show — or even a kind of show — that you do n’t personally like .
I ’ve heard many writers talk about how their first agent told them to write a spec script that was the hot spec that year , but that did n’t fit their style .
The successful writers generally found a way to write a show that fit them instead .
They found a show they would want to watch , and that fit their skills .
Keep this in mind when you pick existing shows to spec .
Keep it in mind when you come up with your own spec pilot .
And keep it in mind when you ’re getting notes on your completed draft .
If taking the note is turning your script into something you do n’t enjoy reading / watching , then think about the reason behind the note and see if you can find another way to address the problem that does n’t make you have to cook and eat literary Brussels sprouts .
If you trust that you have a good palate — that you do n’t like crap — then you can trust that when you ’ve made something to fit your taste , that there will be many many people are agree with you .
Lunch : heaps of white anchovies on glorious toasted sourdough bread fans , judgment Tags : audience
I ’m Not Sure , But Maybe There ’s Something Interesting Here ?
0 Jane Espenson
In the Writers ' Room I was told once that there is a formalized way of offering second portions at a Japanese table that goes something like : “ Would you like more ?
It is n’t very good . ”
Or maybe it was France .
Or Apocrypha .
But it always struck me as an interesting solution to resolving the conflict between enticement and modesty .
When you ’re in a writers ’ room , you ’re going to notice almost exactly the same formula used to preface idea pitches .
Common phrases — seriously , you hear EXACTLY THESE WORDS all the time — include :
This is n’t it , but I just want to get it out of my head …
I do n’t think this is right , but in case it prompts someone else …
Here ’s the bad pitch …
This is terrible , but I ’m just going to say it …
If you spend even half an hour in a writers ’ room , I would expect you to hear at least one of these .
For a long time I attributed this strange counter - salesmanship to some kind of natural self - effacement characteristic of writers .
But I realize now that these disclaimers are actually serving a really valuable self - preserving function .
The room is a very fluid place .
Ideas are adopted and discarded very quickly .
If you wed yourself too enthusiastically to any one idea , then it becomes harder to gracefully execute the turn when that idea is dropped in favor of a different one .
Even if you agree that the newer idea is better , all that passion you put into the previous pitch can make it hard to suddenly run full tilt in the opposite direction .
Obviously , this sort of pitching style can become ridiculous and self - defeating .
You do n’t want to run down your own ideas with any kind of serious vigor .
And there ’s nothing wrong with suddenly sitting up straight and exclaiming “ I think I ’ve got it ! ” , if and when you think you ’ve got it .
But there are few things more awkward than watching a writer return to a sitting position after an over - caffeinated but ultimately rejected pitch brought her to her feet .
This is all about developing your own style , of course .
You ’ll figure out what kind of pitching style fits you best .
You may be able to gracefully make the turn even after the most passionate advocating of another road .
Or you may find your own happy medium .
It ’s just worth being aware that your colleagues are n’t being self - hating writers when they hedge and excuse .
Lunch : meat and cheese board and chilaquiles at Westside Tavern .
Very nice .
Tags : pitching ideas
Job Talk 0 Jane Espenson Getting the Job , Pilots
Let ’s imagine that you ’ve landed a job interview for a writing position on a new show .
You ’ve just been shown the pilot and you need to react in the moment .
What should you say ?
What I ’m going to say here may seem self - evident , but it ’s amazing what you ’ll hear yourself saying when you ’re nervous , so it ’s best to have thought about it .
First tip : concentrate on the positive .
They may ask you what did n’t work for you , but wait until they bring it up first .
And then pick the flaw wisely .
If you criticize the basic premise of the show , for example , you ’re not likely to come across as someone who will have loads of ideas in the room .
You ’re there because you want to work as a writer , so figure out what you liked about the writing .
All the other aspects — acting , prognosis for success , production values — that ’s all secondary to the writing for the purposes of this meeting .
So when they ask what you thought of the pilot , talk about the best parts of the writing .
For example : I really liked how the humor was really subtle and grounded .
Like in the moment when [ blah blah ] .
It makes the show feel very real .
Or : I loved the way the characters liked and supported each other .
It gives the show a positive feeling .
Like in the moment when [ blah supported blah ] .
Or : I loved the way the show brings in a horror element .
Like that bit where [ blah ] .
It ’s so effective when genres are mixed like that , because I think [ blah ] .
I ’m not putting “ blah ” in there because the content does n’t matter , or because I think you ’ll be less than sincere , but just because the exact examples depend on the show .
The more specific the better .
Do n’t just say the show was “ good ” or “ funny ” .
Use this as a springboard to talk about specific aspects of writing .
You may want to mention other widely - admired pieces of writing that use similar techniques .
And then , if I may suggest , you might want to say that this particular quality is one that you strive to achieve in your own writing .
You do n’t need to pitch story ideas ( unless you ’ve been told to ) , but it ’s perfectly acceptable to say that watching the pilot filled your head with thoughts about stories and about the characters .
The idea is to make it clear that you ’re eager and able to contribute to the process of writing the series .
This is the time of year when many shows are interviewing new writers .
I hope some of you will have meetings like this .
And I hope you get the job !
Lunch : Mango and papaya salad and a tuna - avocado thing at Rock Sugar .
Nice .
Tags : job interview
Dozens of beaches in southern Queensland , popular with tourists , were declared a disaster zone yesterday , with 40 miles of once - pristine sands fouled by an oil slick and local wildlife under threat .
Up to 100 tonnes of oil are believed to have spilled from a cargo ship , Pacific Adventurer , after its hull was punctured in seas whipped up by a tropical cyclone .
Thirty - one containers of ammonium nitrate fertiliser were knocked off the ship ’s deck during the storm , and are thought to be lying on the ocean floor .
Worst affected are beaches on Bribie and Moreton Islands , just north of the state capital , Brisbane .
Both are national parks , and home to a range of sea birds and marine life , including turtles , dolphins and pelicans .
A handful of oil - soaked creatures have been caught and cleaned , but wildlife officials fear many more are likely to be affected .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Oil has also come ashore on the Sunshine Coast , on the mainland .
The Queensland premier , Anna Bligh , said : " It may well be the worst environmental disaster Queensland has ever seen . "
She warned that the government would be presenting the owners of the Hong Kong - flagged ship with a " very large compensation claim " .
Officials said the situation was likely to worsen , with sludge expected to wash ashore for weeks .
They are also concerned about the impact of the fertiliser , that could cause major algae blooms , choking marine life in Moreton Bay .
Scores of environmental clean - up workers spent yesterday raking up sticky black sand and trying to prevent oil from spreading into nearby mangrove swamps and waterways .
The declaration of a disaster zone gave authorities the power to close off public access to stricken beaches .
The Australian Maritime Safety Authority said the ship , owned by the British company Swire Shipping , had been detained after being brought to port , still leaking oil .
The state government accused Swire of initially misleading it about the size of the spill and its likely impact .
The company faces fines of up to A$ 2 m ( £ 941,000 ) and could be liable for up to $ 250 m more in penalties for causing environmental damage .
In a statement , Swire said it " regrets the extent of the environmental pollution caused by spills of heavy fuel oil from the ship and the company is offering assistance with the clean - up " .
The company and its insurers were in discussion with the government about clean - up costs , it said .
Pacific Adventurer was on its way from the port city of Newcastle , in New South Wales , to Indonesia when it was caught in last throes of Cyclone Hamish .
As the ship was tossed around , the containers – containing 620 tonnes of ammonium nitrate – fell off the deck and ruptured a fuel tank .
The clean - up operation , expected to cost millions of dollars , is a delicate one , as stormy seas and high tides are continuing to erode beaches , carrying the oil into nearby rivers .
However , large waves are also helping to break up the slick , according to the Environmental Protection Agency .
A spokesman for the agency said : " The flow - on effects of oil spills can be substantive .
At the moment , we ’re very lucky … but obviously , we ’re worried it might escalate . "
Sign up for the Newsletter Sign Up
Sign up for our email newsletter for the latest science news
1 Fade to black :
On February 17 , television stations will broadcast only digital signals , ending the run of the TV system used in the United States for the past 55 years .
2 The digital television signal can transmit pictures composed of up to 1,080 lines .
That ’s a long way from the first TV , demonstrated by John Logie Baird in 1926 .
It used just 30 lines to create a coarse image .
3 Baird ’s television looked like a peep - show device , held together with scrap wood , darning needles , string , and sealing wax .
His invention was partly mechanical , relying on a spinning metal disk with a spiral of holes to chop up images for transmission .
4 Two years later , Baird demonstrated color television , but black - and - white TV ruled for decades .
People who watched such television as kids are more likely to dream in black and white than those who grew up with color TV .
5 Yes , it existed before Monty Python .
On August 22 , 1932 , the BBC began regular broad­casts using the Baird system .
6 By 1935 there were some 2,000 Baird TVs in use .
They cost £ 26 each — the equivalent of $ 7,700 today .
7 The largest plasma TV now available , a 103 - inch monster made by Panasonic , will set you back $ 70,000 .
8 Are television execs playing with hellfire ?
The inventor of all - electronic TV , Philo T. Farnsworth , called television a gift from the Lord and warned that “ God will hold accountable those who utilize this divine instrument . ”
9 By the age of 14 , the average American child has seen 11,000 murders on TV .
10 The first television advertisement , broadcast in New York on July 1 , 1941 , was a 20 - second Bulova Watch spot that aired before a baseball game between the Brooklyn Dodgers and the Philadelphia Phillies .
The cost for the air buy was $ 9 .
11 In 2008 the average cost for a 30 - second spot during the Super Bowl broadcast was $ 2.7 million , the most expensive airtime in the world .
12 Still trying : Last March , 80 years and a lot of cardboard glasses after the first experiments , the BBC once again tested a 3 - D TV system — this time on 200 sports fans watching a special broadcast of a live rugby match .
13 Bad show :
In August 2006 NASA announced that it had lost all the original tapes of Apollo 11 ’s TV transmission .
14 Gift of the gab ?
The long­est - running talk show in the world is either Ireland ’s Late Late Show , first broadcast in 1962 , or The Tonight Show , which began in 1954 .
15 The debate over which show came first arises because The Tonight Show ’s format and style did n’t settle down until Johnny Carson ’s arrival a few months after The Late Late Show began airing .
16 When Sony started selling VCRs that could tape television shows in the 1970s , film studios sued it for promoting copyright piracy .
The Supreme Court ultimately backed Sony , enshrining everyone ’s right to time - shift the Survivor finale .
17 Is TV doomed ?
The amount of video delivered by the Internet and viewed on computers is rapidly increasing : 7.5 billion video streams were watched in May 2008 .
18 We are amused : Fifty years after her first televised Christmas address to the people of the U.K. , Queen Elizabeth II launched her own YouTube channel .
19 About 36 percent ( and rising ) of cell phone users can now watch video beamed directly to their phones .
20 We can guess what they ’ll be watching : A survey of 20 countries revealed that CSI : Miami is the most popular show on the planet .
Attack on East Bay Police Station by anarchists
Thursday Jan 8th , 2009 7:33 PM
smashy smashy
Last night at 3:00 a.m. we attacked the police station across the street from Ashby BART .
All of its front windows were smashed out with bricks .
If the pigs think they can keep getting away with murder ; they ’ve got another thing coming .
May this small action help to fuel the fires of the uprising spawned by the most recent murder at the hands of the armed thugs of capital .
On January 1st , 22 year old Oscar Grant was executed by Officer Johannes Mehserle of the BART police in plain view of a number of people while he was laying face down on the ground with his hands behind his back and reportedly handcuffed .
Had his death not been captured on film and viewed by millions of people , this would undoubtedly be covered up and justified like the countless others murdered by the pigs in this country every year .
Unfortunately for officer Mehserle , this cold blooded execution inspired hundreds of people to fight back against the pigs and the fucked up system they attempt to protect .
We wanted to let everyone know how easy this was to pull off in case you find yourself walking the streets at night and need some ideas how to safely take file your complaint against the pigs .
With gloved hands we grabbed some bricks from the neighborhood around the corner .
We approached out of view of any cameras , as to not leave them with any identifying images .
Pulling on our masks , we casually approached when no cars were driving by and spent a total of 15 seconds hurling the bricks through their thick plate glass windows .
We quickly got off the main street and disappeared into the night .
This communiqué was written so our attack would not go unreported and was originally posted from a public computer to a website that does not store IP information .
Smash things up in the night !
Do n’t get caught !
From Athens to the East Bay – the fire of rebellion is spreading .
This is only the beginning .
UNITED NATIONS ( CNN ) --
Rapes targeting girls as young as seven are on the increase in Afghanistan where conditions for women are little better than under the Taliban , the U.N. and rights groups say .
Conditions for women are little better than they were under the hardline Taliban regime , the U.N. says .
In its annual report on human rights , the U.N. warned conditions were deteriorating in the war - ravaged country despite U.S. - led efforts after the 2001 removal from power of the hardline militia .
" Violence is tolerated or condoned within the family and community , within traditional and religious leadership circles , as well as the formal and informal justice system , " said Navi Pillay , the U.N. high commissioner for human rights .
The " Afghan government has failed to adequately protect the rights of women despite constitutional guarantees . "
With a resurgent Taliban targeting NATO forces , government security forces and civilians , violence has been on the increase in Afghanistan ..
The number of civilian casualties in 2008 totaled 2,118 -- the highest number recorded since the ouster of the Taliban in 2001 , the U.N. said , urging greater protecting for ordinary Afghans .
Violence against women comes in the form of rape , " honor killings , " early and forced marriages , sexual abuse and slavery , the report says .
" The security is the big issue , " said Suraya Pakzad , founder of the Voice of Women Organization , which promotes education and awareness of women 's rights and protects women and girls at risk in Afghanistan .
" Because of security we , unfortunately , day by day , we have to pull out of areas where last year we operated , we have our operations .
We were able to work with the women , but this year we cannot , " she said .
" We have to leave the area because security is getting worse day by day . "
" Rapes in the country have been growing tremendously , particularly child rapes within the ages of 9 , 8 , 7 , even lesser than that , " said Wazhma Frogh , director of Global Rights Afghanistan .
" So these are the issues that are all born by this lack of security where women have no place in ... security decisions . "
Domestic violence against child brides is widespread , said Suraya Pakzad , the founder of the Voice of Women organization , who was married at age 14 and has six children .
She said girls as young as 10 face " violation " by husbands 40 years their senior .
" By the end ... women , or girls , run away . "
But women without husbands , especially widows , may have it even worse in Afghanistan , the report says .
Without a spouse , the women are reduced to begging to feed their children .
Options outside the home are limited where the Taliban holds sway in Afghanistan .
The Taliban 's interpretation of strict Islamic law , or sharia , has included banning girls from school and the workplace .
Even in areas not overrun by the Taliban , women face risks outside the home .
" The assassination of the most prominent national female senior police officer , in Kandahar in September 2008 , underscores the tremendous risks faced by women in public life , " the report says .
Woman jailed for calling rape
GMP logo
A woman who accused an innocent man of rape has herself been put behind bars .
Lauren Chaffey , Huddersfield Road , told police she was raped by a man she ’d met on a night out with friends in March last year , causing him to spend 24 hours in custody .
Police confiscated the mobile phones of Chaffey and two of her friends , where text messages were found revealing she had not only been in contact with the man , but had consented to having sex with him .
Appearing at Bolton Crown Court today ( Wednesday 4 March 2009 ) , Chaffey was put behind bars for five months .
Detective Constable Janice Cruttwell , of Rochdale CID , said : " Lauren Chaffey has not only wasted police time , but also caused a great deal of trouble for a completely innocent man .
" The man she accused of raping her was arrested and kept in police custody .
He now feels he has been stigmatised as a rapist despite being completely innocent .
" Rape is a incredibly seriously crime that can ruin the lives of genuine victims and their families .
For somebody to make up a story and falsely claim they have been raped is despicable and completely undermines those people whose lives have been devastated by genuine crimes of this nature .
I am glad that justice has been done today .
" I would like to reassure genuine victims of crime that we take all reports of rape extremely seriously and each and every case will be dealt with in a sensitive manner by specially trained police officers .
" However , I would also like to take this opportunity to point out to anyone who believes that they can waste police time and resources by making a false report of crime , that we can and will take action against them . "
Anyone who has been a victim of rape or sexual assault can contact Greater Manchester Police on 0161 872 5050 or 999 in an emergency .
GMP has specially trained officers in place to provide a first class response to victims and help support them through the criminal justice process .
St Mary 's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester , can also be contacted on 0161 276 6515 .
This provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic , counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault .
Services are available on a 24 - hour basis and people can access them either as a self - referral or via Greater Manchester Police .
JMS has released a new tuning package for the special Volkswagen Scirocco .
Their remarkable version of this popular coupe has a new discreet body kit which manages to keep the car ’s original look and includes a Racelook front lip spoiler which lowers the car ’s front side by 30 mm , a unique rear apron with diffuser stripes and carbon inserts and a quad - pipe rear muffler made from stainless steel .
The car tuning company installed H&R coilovers that lower the front side of the car by 55 mm and the rear by 45 mm .
The special suspension kit from H&R improves the car ’s handling and it makes it look sportier and more aggressive .
The JMS Volkswagen Scirocco comes equipped with large wheels measuring 8.5 x 19 ″ with wide tires sized 235/35 R19 .
The new exhaust system provides thrilling sound and it also improves the car ’s power and torque .
JMS announced pricing for every part from their tuning package and the whole kit will cost less than 5,000 Euros .
Despite rhetoric , Obama continues Bush policy on detainees : Indefinite detention , no legal rights John Byrne
Published : Saturday February 21 , 2009
Print This Email This Bagram airbase flies under the radar but will continue to operate without US law In a stunning departure from his rhetoric on Guantánamo Bay prison , President Barack Obama signaled Friday he will continue Bush Administration policy with regard to detainees held at a US airbase in Afghanistan , saying they have no right to challenge their detentions in US courts -- and denying them legal status altogether .
" This Courts Order of January 22 , 2009 invited the Government to inform the Court by February 20 , 2009 , whether it intends to refine its position on whether the Court has jurisdiction over habeas petitions filed by detainees held at the United States military base in Bagram , Afghanistan , " Acting Assistant Obama Attorney General Michael Hertz wrote in a brief filed Friday .
" Having considered the matter , the Government adheres to its previously articulated position . "
The move seems to be a reversal from Obama 's much - trumpeted announcement to close the US prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba in January , in which he promised to return the United States to the " moral high ground " and " restore the standards of due process "
The US Supreme Court previously ruled that it was unconstitutional to hold detainees at Guantánamo Bay without giving them access to US courts .
Following that ruling , more than 200 detainees filed suit in the District Court for the District of Columbia .
The Obama Administration announcement would appear to fly in the face of that ruling .
The Court , while often supportive of previous Bush Administration terror policies , has strongly resisted efforts to curb its role in the legal aspect of US detention systems .
Bagram prison , where approximately 600 detainees are being held without charge or even term limits on their stay , is located about 30 miles north of Kabul in a converted Soviet Union base .
The US is mulling a $ 60 million plan to expand the facility , which would double its current size .
It 's been closed to journalists and human rights activists , but open to lawyers .
The lawyers , however , apparently have no recourse for their potential clients .
Bagram has added more than 100 prisoners since 2005 , giving it a population more than double that of the current Guantánamo Bay ( 245 ) .
It 's uncertain whether the Supreme Court would uphold Obama 's position .
In the Guantanamo case , " the Court deemed the Bush administration 's system for determining whether to continue holding detainees -- akin to a parole board -- was an inadequate substitute for habeas relief , " Legal Times wrote Friday .
" The Court also recognized that the United States exercised de facto sovereignty over the base , placing Guantánamo within its jurisdiction .
But " the Court did not address Bagram , but said in some circumstances noncitizens being held in territories under U.S. control may have limited constitutional rights , " Legal Times added .
" Yesterday 's announcement that the Obama administration has not even considered departing from the very same unjust and inhumane policies of his predecessor , is an ominous sign that human rights and the rule of law are simply not a priority of this administration , " the International Justice Network , who is counsel in all the cases under review , said to Raw Story in a statement .
" We expected more from this President when he promised that we would not trade our fundamental values for false promises of security .
Unless there is a serious reconsideration of this issue at the highest levels of the Obama government , America will not be able to put this dark chapter of our history behind us . "
Another detainee lawyer also bemoaned the filing .
" The decision by the Obama Administration to adhere to a position that has contributed to making our country a pariah around the world for its flagrant disregard of peoples human rights is deeply disappointing , " the International Rights Clinic 's Barbara Olshansky , who represents three Bagram detainees , told the paper .
" We are trying to remain hopeful that the message being conveyed is that the new administration is still working on its position regarding the applicability of the laws of war -- the Geneva Conventions -- and international human rights treaties that apply to everyone in detention there . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Mike Mandel thinks there is another bubble :
According to the International Monetary Fund , the dollar value of global trade rose by 150 % from 1998 to 2007 .
Over the same period , the market value of owner - occupied U.S. homes rose by 132 % , and the dollar amount of household debt rose by 135 % ... We had a credit and housing bubble -- does that mean we had a global trade bubble ?
I think so .
Stay techy underwater with one of these wonderful waterproof gadgets .
Click on the image to the right to launch our guide .
Scroll down to leave your comments and suggestions .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama has apologized for a gaffe in which he described his bowling skills as akin to participants in the Special Olympics , a sports program for people with intellectual disabilities .
U.S. President Barack Obama ( L ) laughs as he speaks to host Jay Leno on the NBC late night comedy show " The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " in Burbank , California in this file photo from March 19 , 2009 .
Obama made the mistake during an interview on Thursday night on “ The Tonight Show ” with host Jay Leno , the first time a sitting U.S. president had been on the show .
Talking about living in the White House , Obama said he had been practicing his bowling in the home ’s bowling alley and had scored a 129 out of a possible 300 .
It was an improvement on the embarrassing 37 he had rolled during a stop on the presidential campaign trail a year ago .
“ It ’s like -- it was like Special Olympics or something , ” Obama said .
The Special Olympics is a global nonprofit organization serving some 200 million people with intellectual disabilities , with a presence in nearly 200 countries worldwide .
They compete in sporting events like the real Olympics .
Soon after the Jay Leno interview , Obama telephoned Special Olympics chairman Tim Shriver to apologize .
Shriver told ABC ’s “ Good Morning America ” television show that Obama had apologized “ in a way that I think was very moving ” and that he said “ he did not intend to humiliate the population , did n’t want to embarrass or give anybody any more reason for pain or kind of suffering . ”
Shriver said people should gain a lesson from the incident .
“ I think it ’s important to see that words hurt .
Words do matter .
And these words in some respect , can be seen as humiliating or a put - down to people with special needs , do cause pain .
And they do result in stereotypes , ” Shriver said .
White House spokesman Bill Burton said Obama “ made an offhand remark making fun of his own bowling that was in no way intended to disparage the Special Olympics . ”
“ He thinks that the Special Olympics are a wonderful program that gives an opportunity to shine to people with disabilities from around the world , ” Burton said .
Shriver said he knows of a Special Olympian in the Detroit area who has bowled three perfect games of 300 and “ he said he would be more than welcome to find the time to come to the White House and teach the president . ”
How was the hellish " Fashion Meets Finance " gold - diggers - meet - broken - men dating event last night ?
The New York Press ' Matt Harvey went to find out !
And apparently found an Andre Sparkling Wine commercial , circa 1998 :
A line - up of seven models was in the DJ booth nodding to anemic dance music .
One of them , Sabrina Roberts , a six - foot Afro- Chinese stunner wearing a tiny creme - brulee - colored dress - told me she was n't giving up on finance dudes .
" One , they 're more interesting ; and two , can you imagine if everyone was in fashion ? "
I asked her if she had ever thought of dating so - called normal people .
She twirled around , took a sip from her champagne flute and asked happily , " How do normal people pay for champagne ? "
Then the director yelled " CUT ! " and everyone threw up .
[ NYPress . Pic via ]
WHY DO STUDENTS WANT TO KILL SPEECH ?
Poster Promoting Event A Source Of Controversy At Western Michigan University
On Tuesday , March 10th two former terrorists are scheduled to speak at Western Michigan University on the subject of why Islamic terrorists want to kill .
However , a poster ( pictured ) promoting the event appears to have generated some of its own controversy .
WMU group International Conservatives , led by president Chris McCann is coordinating and sponsoring the event and is finding itself embroiled in a free speech battle before the event has even taken place .
“ This is beyond ludicrous , ” says Keith Davies , executive director of the Shoebat foundation .
“ McCann ’s group is being told to take down a poster because people are afraid of what it represents .
It does n’t take long to figure out they ’re actually not afraid of the poster at all .
They ’re either afraid of what it represents or they are trying to use intimidation themselves to silence free speech . ”
According to University officials , they have received complaints from students belonging to the Muslim Student Association , who claim the poster is offensive .
The stance shared by both McCann and the Shoebat Foundation is that this is a 1st Amendment issue and there is absolutely nothing wrong with the poster .
Both McCann and Davies point to obstruction tactics by University officials intended to derail the event .
“ First , they tried to rescind the funding they themselves approved in writing , then they tell us the posters we had printed are too large by two inches .
Incidently , the University has a poster that they posted themselves exactly the same size as the one in question .
Now , after the posters have been re-sized to fit the required specs , they are alleging that students are pulling them down in acts of vandalism and the University is turning a blind eye , ” Davies said .
Additionally cited as hypocrisy by both Davies and McCann is the fact that WMU has allowed the Muslim Student Association ( MSA ) to sponsor holocaust denier William Baker a recognized Nazi to speak at the university in the past , which should have alerted the University Administrators as to the true agenda of the Muslim Student group .
From Walid Shoebat ’s internal intelligence they have known for some time that one of the most radical mosques in the country is right on campus – a staff member of the Shoebat Foundation and also a former Muslim , Zak Ezzat attended the mosque and can testify to the very radical nature of the people who attend it .
This is one of the main reasons the Shoebat Foundation has chosen to stage this event to stare down the terrorist elements in America as well as to warn people of the all too under played risks of the terror threat that very much exists within America ’s borders .
LINK TO ARTICLE IN THE KALAMAZOO GAZETTE
http://www.mlive.com/kalamazoo/stories/index.ssf?/base/news-32/1236354623227820.xml&coll=7
LINK TO ARTICLE ON WILLIAM BAKER
http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/001185.php
THESE days , holding an opinion or a belief is far from frowned upon .
That is unless that belief is theism , or rather a lack thereof .
I find so often , being an atheist , that you must tread carefully around any topic that incorporates some form of higher power so as to avoid offending anyone , yet religious groups are free to openly advertise and to criticise science .
The suppression of atheism extends far beyond this .
The churches are allowed soapboxes in the form of TV commercials , door - to - door canvassers , billboards and an Adelaide bus campaign .
However , when a non-theistic organisation uses their own funds and attempts to run an ad on a bus celebrating reason , it is deemed inappropriate .
We seem to do everything we can to cater for religious organisations , and in return get nothing but childish comments that sound like school children teasing each other .
Fatuous statements like " Jesus loves you " .
While we are forced into taking a neutral and ambiguous stance when saying " I believe God does n't exist " , others have the freedom to say " God does exist " .
It is considered intolerant and insensitive and offensive to come straight out with " God does not exist " .
The truth is , many of us find the relentless push for funds from some organisations like Hillsong just as offensive , let alone comments from Pastor Danny Nalliah claiming that the Victorian bushfires were the fault of the grieving families , the blocking of stem - cell research on biblical grounds , or the Westboro Baptists ' picketing of funerals - yet we are the only apparent minority without an avenue for expressing ourselves .
As a university student , I find most people I know are atheists and religious student groups are becoming increasingly diminished .
Yet we are still burdened by a stigma that prevents us from airing our opinions .
Religious groups , on the other hand , are free to delve into the private lives of others and declare them to be immoral and worthy of damnation .
We would like to have as much freedom of speech without a narrow - minded few finding our opinions offensive and attempting to prevent us from expressing them .
We could spend hours fighting wars over creationism and whose imaginary friend is better , but I 'd rather chance my fate than surrender my right to freedom of speech .
A.J. Papandrea
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) --
Pope Benedict XVI will not visit Israel 's Holocaust museum when he makes his first trip to the region as pope in May , though he will visit a memorial that is part of the site , his ambassador to Israel said Tuesday .
Pope Benedict XVI , shown at the Vatican during a prayer Sunday , has spoken out forcefully against the Holocaust .
He will also become the first pontiff to visit the Dome of the Rock , one of the holiest sites in Islam , said the envoy , papal nuncio Antonio Franco .
Foreign heads of state normally visit the Holocaust museum , which is part of the Yad Vashem complex in Jerusalem .
But it includes controversial wording describing the role of Pope Pius XII during World War II , which is why Pope Benedict balked , an Israeli official said .
Critics have accused Pope Pius of doing too little to prevent the mass murder of European Jews by the Nazis under Adolf Hitler .
A caption in the museum says he maintained a neutral position during the years of mass extermination of Europe 's Jews .
The Vatican defends him and is gradually opening its archives in an effort to show that he acted behind the scenes .
Franco gave the news of Pope Benedict 's visit to Yad Vashem at a news conference in Jerusalem .
Pope John Paul II also did not visit the museum section on his historic pilgrimage to Israel in 2000 , Father Federico Lombardi , a papal spokesman , said as he confirmed that Pope Benedict will not do so .
An official with Israel 's Foreign Ministry said the decision was made jointly because of the sensitivity of the matter .
Yigal Palmor conceded that there is an argument over the wartime pope 's actions during the Holocaust and noted that the museum has a sign stating that the facts are in dispute .
He said that Pope Benedict may visit other parts of the Yad Vashem complex , which is divided into several compounds , and that the pontiff will lay a wreath at the site 's Hall of Remembrance , which is part of the protocol for visiting heads of state .
The announcement that Pope Benedict will visit only part of Yad Vashem also follows international outrage over his rehabilitation of a rebel bishop who denied the Nazis systematically murdered 6 million Jews in the Holocaust .
The Vatican ordered the bishop , Richard Williamson , to recant , and said the pope was not aware of Williamson 's views on the Holocaust when he lifted the excommunication of the bishop .
Pope Benedict , who was born in Germany and forced to join the Hitler Youth as a teenager , has spoken out forcefully against the Holocaust on a number of occasions , including on a visit to the site of the Auschwitz concentration camp .
Pope Benedict will make his pilgrimage to the Holy Land May 8 - 15 with stops in Amman , Jerusalem , Bethlehem and Nazareth , according to the itinerary released by the Vatican .
He will be celebrating Mass in Jerusalem , Bethlehem and Nazareth , the city where Christians believe Jesus preached and lived .
Some 50,000 pilgrims are expected to attend that event , the bishop of Nazareth said .
In Jerusalem , a city holy to all three of the major monotheistic faiths , Pope Benedict will visit the Western Wall , Judaism 's holiest prayer site , and the Church of the Holy Sepulcher , which Catholics believe is the site of the crucifixion , burial and resurrection of Jesus Christ .
The pope will also meet Israel 's chief rabbis and enter the Dome of the Rock with the chief Muslim cleric in the Holy Land , the grand mufti of Jerusalem .
He will also meet Jordan 's King Abdullah and Israeli President Shimon Peres , as well as Mahmoud Abbas , the president of the Palestinian Authority , Franco said .
CNN 's Guy Azriel in Jerusalem and Alessandro Gentile in Rome contributed to this report .
All About Adolf Hitler • Pope Benedict XVI • The Holocaust
Part of the Cutie in a bikini photo list
Part of the Tiny and Cute list
Part of the Belly rings list
Part of the Enjoy the Scenery list
Part of the how can u not like this list
Part of the bikini list
Part of the Sorted Picks Volume 13 list
Part of the These are the best list
Part of the ahs 13wsu17 boyshorts list
Part of the darkhaired beauties list
Part of the Cutie in a bikini list
Thinking Erlang January 10 , 2009
I set out this morning to learn how Joe Armstrong handles responses in his Simple Web Server .
But pressing questions about Erlang have been gathering in my mind like looming thunderclouds .
Felt it might be more productive to tease them out into the light of day .
The most nagging question is this :
It ’s been far more difficult than I expected to trace the core logic of Joe ’s Web Server .
And , it ’s been damned tedious , as you may have noticed .
Why should this be ?
No doubt much of the problem stems from my own inexperience with the language .
Certainly my ignorance of anonymous functions is a stumbling block .
But I talked with a young Austrian programmer a few months ago who warned me that Erlang source could be rather opaque .
And , I ’ve noted passing references to this problem in various Erlang - critical blogs .
With your indulgence , I ’d like to get your input on this before we continue on .
Rather than criticize , I ’d rather analyze , synthesize , and strive toward deeper understanding .
I ’d even hope that we could strive toward an explicit approach to Erlang development and documentation that would vastly simplify code review .
If such methodology already exists , by all means please point the way .
As I see it now , the problem is four - fold :
1 ) Processes
Cheap concurrent processes are the heart of Erlang .
But as Joe spins them off in his Simple Web Server I find it increasingly difficult to maintain clarity of mind .
It ’s like trying to keep track of all the magician ’s spinning plates .
I try to make little bubble diagrams , but still lose track of who ’s passing what to whom .
2 ) Factoring
Factoring is the art of breaking down complexity into a set of simple essential functional components , then explicitly denoting the interfaces between them .
It appears to me that factoring decisions face us at three levels in Erlang :
Functions :
Taking into account performance constraints , how do we design functions that are simple and easy to understand , yet maximally powerful in combination with other functions ?
Modules : Erlang groups functions into modules , presumably to aid conceptual understanding of the program , e.g. hide the complexities of individual function design ; and to provide useful “ toolkits ” or libraries of functionality that can be reused across programs .
The issue here , again , is how do we most efficiently map module functionality to the conceptual components of our various problem domains ?
In other words , how do we decide which functions should go where in our module scheme ?
Processes :
How much functionality should we include within a process ?
When and how should we decide to spawn off a new process ?
In general , I found the functions that comprise Joe Armstrong ’s Simple Web Server clean and easy to understand .
Moreover , the conceptual factoring of modules into web server , http driver , and tcp driver makes sense on the surface .
But the concurrent processes that comprise Simple Web Server seem to run cross -grain with the modules .
To understand a given process , I needed to move across different modules .
It was this shift back - and - forth across modules , it seems , that tended to break my thread of thought .
I sent Joe Armstrong an e-mail asking his thoughts about factoring Erlang source code .
Have n’t heard back .
Perhaps he never caught it .
3 ) Anonymous Functions
Much said in earlier posts .
I ’m still not confident that my walk - through of Joe ’s Simple Web Server to date is 100 percent correct , largely because I lose track of which anonymous function is being passed where .
4 ) Documentation
Erlang has excellent documentation standards and tools .
Joe neglected to avail himself of them .
So , do my difficulties following the logic of Simple Web Server ring a bell with you ?
Is this a generic problem with Erlang ?
Or is it a function of a given Erlang programmer ’s style ?
Or is it my own ignorance ?
What ’s your experience ?
Does tracing Erlang source become easier as one accumulates understanding of the language ?
Is there profit in continuing this discussion ?
Or would you rather move on with the walk - through ?
Or maybe move on to another topic altogether ?
Please Let me know .
Football can be a funny old game .
Just when you think you have seen everything another moment comes along that makes you shake your head in disbelief .
These may not always be the moments that define the game ( although they sometimes do ) , but they sure as hell are the memories that seem be ingrained in our mind for the rest of our lives .
Good or bad , these are the moments make the game of football so unique .
Whether its a ball boy scoring a goal or sheikhs taking the pitch , it ’s safe to say this game never gets old .
Welcome ladies and gentlemen , to the bizarre and beautiful world , of association football .
1. Sheikh - Up
Do you remember when you were a kid playing football in the street , and your older brother just would n’t give you a chance ?
He would blast goal after goal past you as you begged for mercy , and that tiny chance to be Gary Lineker .
It would usually get so bad that your mother would emerge from the kitchen , to insist that things were evened up a bit .
OK , so that was slightly pointless nostalgia there , but it does have a bearing on this incident .
Only this one did n’t take place in a Liverpool suburb , but at the 1982 World Cup .
Kuwait , trailing 3 - 1 to Michel Platini ’s France , conceded a fourth goal late on to Alain Giresse , but were convinced they had heard a referee ’s whistle in the build up , causing several of their players to stop .
Ignoring the age - old cries of “ Playing to the whistle ” , Sheikh Fahid Al - Ahmad Al - Sabah , at the time the President of the Kuwait FA , emerged almost god - like from the stands , marched onto the field of play , and began to remonstrate with the referee .
He then urged his team to leave the field , unless the goal was chalked off .
Incredibly , and probably sensibly , the referee relented , and the goal was ruled out .
France did go on to add a fourth anyway , and the referee would lose his International status in the aftermath .
Apparently he was pretty Sheikh - en .
Sorry .
2. Iron Girder !
Sticking with the World Cup theme , how about this one ?
In July 1950 , Rajko MitiÄ‡ of Yugoslavia was all set to take on the mighty Brazil in the Maracana stadium .
But as he bounded gleefully from the dressing room to the field , he managed to crack his head off a girder , causing a severe cut to his forehead .
Of course those were the days before substitutes , so Yugoslavia were forced to start the game with only ten men , as MitiÄ‡ was patched up for the first twenty minutes .
By the time a dazed and bloodied MitiÄ‡ arrived on the field , his team were a goal down ( MitiÄ‡ was not informed of the scoreline until half time ) , and they would finish with a 2 - 0 defeat , which led to their elimination from the tournament .
3. Hoof !
Ok , this one is a little over - played , a little obvious , but can you really deny either its outrageousness , or its hilarity ?
Thought not .
Zaire were a surprise qualifier for the 1974 World Cup in West Germany , the first black African nation to qualify for a World Cup finals , and there was enormous pressure on their shoulders , with the country ’s leader , Mobutu Sese Seko informing the players - via his armed guards - that should they lose by four goals or more to holders Brazil in their final group match , there would be dire consequences .
Perhaps understandable then , the way Zairian defender Mwepu Ilunga carried on when faced with a free kick 25 yards from his goal .
As the Brazilians , including Jairzinho , lined up to send the ball goalwards , Mwepu burst from the defensive wall , and simply lamped the ball upfield .
The Brazilians were gobsmacked , the commentator was almost laughing , the referee issued a yellow card .
Mwepu had the last laugh though , his side only lost by three goals , and the team were allowed to return home .
Not so much with their heads held high , but at least they still had them .
4. Phantom Goals
Stuart Attwell may not be the most popular person in football this season .
In fact , he definitely is n’t .
But when he awarded a goal to Reading for an “ effort ” that not only failed to cross the goal line , but also did n’t go within ten yards of the goal - posts , in a game against Watford last September , he did bring some good to the game .
Not the point that the goal ultimately earned Reading , not the pain he caused the shamelessly - irritating Aidy Boothroyd in the process , but the fact that we could dig up this classic little incident from 1993 .
The game is Partick Thistle against Dundee Utd , a Scottish Premier League game .
What happens is simply ludicrous .
Dundee
Utd score a perfectly legitimate goal through Paddy Connolly , the ball blasted from close range into the back of the net .
As the ball comes out of the goal , it is caught by Thistle defender Martin Clark , who hands it to keeper Andy Murdoch to launch upfield , in anticipation of the restart .
Yet , unbelievably , neither the referee nor the linesman spot the goal , or the handball , and wave play on , with United livid .
Luckily , the disallowed goal did not cost Dundee Utd in the end .
Imagine the scenes if it had !
5. Ball Boy Scores !
It ’s a dream job for a young lad , to be ball boy for his local side .
Free tickets to the games ?
Check .
Rubbing shoulders with the stars ?
Check .
Scoring a last minute equaliser ?
What ?
But that is exactly what happened in Brazil in September 2006 , in a game between Atletico Sorocaba & Santacruzense .
With Sorocaba leading by a single goal in the dying minutes , they were mightily relieved to see Santacruzense striker Samuel ’s shot zip wide of the post .
However , when a cheeky ball boy decided to bring the ball onto the pitch , and sidefoot it impishly into the goal , the referee - Silvia Regina de Oliveira ( the first female to referee in the Brazilian National Championship ) - had turned her back , and when she saw the ball nestling in the back of the net , simply assumed that the shot that everyone - including her - had seen go wide , had ….erm ….actually gone in .
The game finished 1 - 1 , and the Brazilian FA were forced to uphold the result , but the referee and her linesman ( who was really to blame of course ) were suspended .
Not unreasonably …
6. Lightning strikes twice
Freak weather can often hit football hard .
December & January often sees mountains of fixtures postponed due to frozen or waterlogged pitches .
But those elements pale into insignificance when compared to this .
They say lightning never strikes twice , well once is more than enough thank you .
Its 1998 , and a game in South Africa between Moroko Swallows & Jomo Cosmos .
Suddenly , a blast of lightning strikes the pitch , sending players and supporters from both sides scattering .
Two Swallows players were kept in hospital with their injuries , whilst the game was understandably abandoned .
They were lucky , later in the same year a match in the Democratic Republic of Congo between Bena Tshadi & Basanga in the Eastern Province of Kasai ended in tragedy when a lightning strike killed eleven players , leaving thirty others seriously injured .
Football really does not seem so important when compared to life and death .
7. Chinny runs the line
They really do n’t make football like they did in the 1970s , do they ?
Could you picture this scene in today ’s game ?
It involves a game between Arsenal & Liverpool from September 1972 .
In it , the linesman , Dennis Drewitt ( they do n’t make names like they did in the 70s either ) , pulled a calf muscle and was unable to continue .
Rather than abandon the game , and in the days before fourth officials and so - forth , the matchday announcer at Highbury simply asked over the tannoy whether there was a qualified referee in the crowd .
Step forward prominent - chinned TV pundit Jimmy Hill , watching from the stands as a spectator .
Ditching his civvies for an ill - fitting tracksuit , Hill proceeded to run the line to howls of laughter ( and probably abuse too ) , as the game finished in a 0 - 0 draw .
Hard to imagine Alan Hansen or Andy Gray doing something similar , is n’t it ?
8 . She shoots , she ….. ruins everything
Celebrities and football have had an undeniable link since the halcyon days of the late 1960s when George Best opened the floodgates .
Who can forget Raquel Welch ’s cringeworthy appearance at Stamford Bridge ?
Or Ian Botham ’s less - than - glorious run outs for Scunthorpe ?
But for sheer hide - behind - the - pillow cringeworthy - ness , there can only be one winner .
Step forward , Miss Diana Ross .
The 1994 World Cup , being held in the USA , was always going to be viewed with suspicion .
The MLS was still two years away from formation , and there was global doubt as to whether America really “ got ” football .
But they were determined to put on a show , and as part of their outlandishly glitzy opening ceremony , had drafted in the Supremes singer to glam up proceedings even more .
All she had to do was mime through a few songs , look happy , and bury a close range penalty past a paid - off keeper to trigger the ticker - tape parade .
Unfortunately , Ross had not kicked a ball in anger since the Tamala Motown 5 a side bonanza of 1965 , and shanked her shot horribly wide of the target .
Not to worry , the goal still snapped in two , releasing a thousand white balloons and enough glitter to outshine even Girls Aloud at an awards do .
We salute you America .
9 . The Bladdered referee
It is not uncommon , after a series of dubious refereeing decisions , for fans across the world to ask the following question - “ is the ref pissed ? ”
But who would have believed that one day the answer to that particular poser would be - “ Actually , yes he is .
He is hammered ! ”
To set the scene , it is a Belarusian Premier Division match between Vitebsk & Naftan .
The official in question is Sergei Shmolik , the referee who officiated England ’s 6 - 0 win over Luxembourg at Wembley back in 1999 and one who was voted as Belarus ’ finest in 2007 .
A decent pedigree .
But there was nothing decent about his behaviour here .
According to reports , the referee spent much of the game staggering around the centre circle , failing to keep up with play , and refusing to issue any cards whatsoever , despite some tasty tackles .
At the end of the game , Shmolik was helped off the pitch by another official like a drunken uncle at a family wedding , waving to the crowd as he left .
He was taken to hospital for tests , which revealed that he had huge levels of alcohol in his system .
The Belarus FA acted quickly , suspending Shmolik , who claimed that his strange performance was due in part to “ a bad back ” rather than “ a bad pint ”
10 . Dog pisses on Greaves
Dogs and football rarely mix .
Just ask Chic Brodie , the former Brentford keeper who suffered a career - ending injury after being attacked by an uninvited four legged guest .
How many childhood games were ruined for you by the arrival of an over - eager , and less - than - friendly canine pitch invader ?
But this particular dog / football story has a more comedic element to it .
It takes place in the 1962 during the World Cup in Chile , as Jimmy Greaves ’ England take on the holders Brazil .
On rushes a small black dog , chasing after the ball with more energy than some of the England players could muster .
Several players try to apprehend the dog , but none are as clever about it as Greaves , who gets down on all fours to beckon the dog towards him .
It works as well , but there is always a twist with this kind of story , and so it comes as the terrified pooch proceeds to urinate all over Greavesie ’s pristine white England jersey .
A truly classic World Cup moment , one that legendary Brazil star Garrincha enjoyed so much , he took him home as a pet ( the dog , not Greaves ) .
11 . 3 seconds of football…or so they thought
As a Saturday league connoisseur , I am used to turning up at some ramshackle ground in the middle of nowhere at ten to three , only to find that either the game is off , the other team has n’t turned up , or that the venue has changed .
Sometimes all three .
But when the game in question is a World Cup qualifier , questions have to be asked .
Scotland were due to play Estonia in Tallinn at 6.45 pm on 9 October 1996 .
But Scots manager Craig Brown was concerned about the quality of Kadriorg Stadium ’s floodlights , and FIFA shared those concerns .
The game was switched to a 3 o’clock kick off , at 9 o’clock the same morning .
Estonia protested that they were not given sufficient notice , or preparation for the game , and simply did n’t turn up .
In some of the most farcical scenes ever seen , Scotland ’s players - including full debutants Billy Dodds & Jackie McNamara - were made to line up , stand on ceremony through both national anthems , and then kick off the game .
Three seconds later , the referee blew his whistle and Scotland were on their way with a default 3 - 0 victory .
Or so they thought .
FIFA later ordered the game to be replayed at a neutral venue and , typically for the Scots , they were held to a frustrating goalless draw in Monaco ’s Stade Louis II stadium a couple of months later .
12 . Gassed out
Those early World Cup finals really were a bit special were n’t they ?
What with girders and politics and the entire competition being hosted within one city .
But nothing my friends , can beat this for downright farce .
Montevideo .
The semi finals of the first ever World Cup .
Argentina v the USA .
July 1930 .
The Americans were growing increasingly displeased with what they perceived to be “ rough - house tactics ” from the Argentinean’s .
So much so in fact that after one particularly heavy foul , the US trainer leapt from the bench and raced onto the field of play to remonstrate with the referee .
In his anger , the sandwich - short - of - a- picnic fella threw his medical bag to the floor , cracking open a bottle of chloroform , and knocking himself spark out .
Galvanised by this incredible setback , the Americans proceeded to play with style , grace , panache and poise , losing 6 - 1 .
13 .
Show some flare
When you need a win in the Maracana stadium to have any chance of qualifying for the World Cup , you know you are in trouble .
And when you are down by a goal to nil with just twenty minutes remaining , desperation starts to kick in .
That was the situation facing Chile as they trailed Brazil in Rio back in September 1989 .
Fortunately their goalkeeper , Roberto Rojas , had a Baldrick - esque “ cunning plan ” up his sleeve .
Literally .
Producing a razor blade he had stashed in his gloves pre-match , Rojas cut himself on the forehead , and fell to the floor with blood streaming from the wound .
Nearby , a flare thrown from the stands was smouldering .
Rojas ’ concerned team - mates carried him from the field , and refused to go back out to play , citing “ unsafe conditions ” .
However , what Rojas had reckoned without was ….. the fact that there were a million cameras inside the Maracana that night , and as luck would have it , a good few of them had seen the firework land nowhere near him , whilst a fair few had seen him cut his own bonce .
Brazil were awarded a 2 - 0 win , and Chile were not only eliminated from the 1990 World Cup , but banned from the 1994 tournament as well .
Rojas was banned for life by FIFA - although the ban was lifted in 2001 under appeal …. when he was 44 .
Some good did come of it all however , the fan who threw the flare - Rosemary de Mello - went on to pose for Playboy , and appeared in several adverts on Brazilian TV .
Reality TV was born .
14 . Devine Inspiration
There are few things more nerve wracking in football than the penalty shootout .
Standing in the way of Jan Molby when the tannoy announces half price burgers perhaps ?
But for sheer edge of your seat tension , the old shootout has to be the king .
Step forward then , Peter Devine .
Not the most household of names , but for anyone familiar with Nick Hancock ’s “ Football Nightmares ” series , the name will instantly resonate .
The setting is an FA Trophy match between Lancaster City & Whitley Bay , the scores are level at 4 - 4 , with all eight previous penalty takers having scored emphatically .
Up steps our hero , places the ball on the spot with poise and focus , takes a few steps back , begins his run up and …… stumbles ridiculously towards the ball , stroking it a couple of yards forward , before doing the only dignified thing .
Pretending he was injured .
Note the sympathy from the keeper , who must have had to stick both gloves in his mouth to drown out the laughter .
Lancaster lost by the way , and it was Devine ’s fault .
15 . Scorpion Kick
Jamie Redknapp ’s England career never really reached the heights it was supposed to did it ?
I mean yeah he did score that stunning goal against Belgium , but really he did n’t actually do that much in an England shirt .
But he was involved in one of the most ridiculous footballing moments of all time , although in a way I ’m pretty sure he wishes he was n’t .
It is 1995 , and an international friendly at Wembley between England & Colombia .
The game is a pretty drab affair ; the commentators are in danger of dozing off as Terry Venables ’ side attempts to mould into their new fangled “ Christmas Tree ” formation .
Alan Shearer is going through a dry spell in front of goal , Paul Ince is shaking his fist but not really getting much done , and David Seaman is contemplating growing a ponytail at the other end .
But then , the ball is pulled back to Redknapp 25 yards out .
Here comes trouble , you think .
But Redknapp ’s effort is mistimed , the ball loops harmlessly towards the flamboyant ( a.k.a. mental ) Colombian keeper Rene Higuita .
Easy catch , you think .
Not with this guy .
Higuita produces the now infamous “ Scorpion Kick ” , jumping forwards , but kicking his legs behind him to fire the ball out of the danger area , to the delight and bemusement of all concerned .
Except Redknapp , who never fully recovered from the humiliation of seeing someone do that to one of his “ shots ” .
16 . Push off , ref
Look up the phrase “ fiery Italian ” , and chances are you will come across a picture of Paolo Di Canio .
In Italian football , Di Canio fell out with coaches - Fabio Capello amongst them - team - mates , referees , presidents , the lot .
In Scottish football he played well , but demanded a move after a couple of seasons .
But perhaps his most infamous moment came in September 1998 , when playing for Sheffield Wednesday against Arsenal .
Di Canio became embroiled in a scuffle with Gunners defender Martin Keown , aiming a kick as players from both sides got involved .
The referee , Paul Alcock , saw this and beckoned the Italian over to him , before issuing ( justifiably ) the red card .
At this point , a fired up Di Canio pushed Alcock with both hands in the chest .
Out of order of course , but the manner in which the referee stumbled theatrically to the ground following the push was not only bizarre , but utterly hilarious .
Di Canio was banned by the FA for eleven games , and would never play for Sheffield Wednesday again .
Never one to shirk a challenge , he was picked up by Harry Redknapp at West Ham , where he went on to gain cult status .
All ’s well that ends well I suppose .
17 . Kung -Fu Eric
In the wake of the recent Sol Campbell police enquiry , chanting at players has been under scrutiny this season .
Debates have raged about whether players should be expected to tolerate vile personal abuse simply because the culprits have “ paid their money ”
One of the first , and certainly the most high - profile , to take a stand against abuse from the terraces was the King himself .
Eric Cantona of Manchester Utd .
A temperamental character at the best of times , Cantona had suffered from disciplinary problems wherever he had been , throwing the ball at the referee , throwing his shirt at his manager , fighting with team - mates , getting sent off .
But when playing for United in a league match with Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park in January 1995 , Cantona crossed a line even he would have been surprised at .
The game was locked goalless when the Frenchman , frustrated at constant provocation from Palace defenders , kicked out at Richard Shaw .
The referee , Alan Wilkie , and his linesman , had seen the incident , and had no option but to show Cantona the red card .
As he was led from the field by United backroom staff and team - mates , Cantona took exception to the abuse being levelled at him by one fan in particular .
That fan was Matthew Simmons .
Simmons claimed he had bounded down twenty rows of seats simply to shout “ It ’s an early bath for you Cantona ” , whilst Eric claimed that he had been subjected to racial abuse .
Either way , something inside Cantona snapped , and he wrestled free of kitman Norman Davies to launch himself over the advertising hoardings with an incredible two - footed , kung - fu- style kick to the chest of Simmons , before aiming a punch at the startled fan , who held his arms wide in a protestation of innocence .
As BBC commentator Clive Tyldesley put it “ ah , this is outrageous ”
Cantona was escorted from the field , and would be banned from football for eight months , as well as serving 120 hours ’ community service .
Simmons had his season ticket confiscated by Palace , and one of football ’s craziest ever scenes was set .
18 . Penalty spot painted
Told you there was something special about 1970s football .
OK , so the haircuts were awful , the shorts were short , and the pitches were …. well , farmer ’s fields .
But this game from April 1977 , between Derby & Manchester City at the old Baseball Ground , takes the biscuit when it comes to footballing absurdity surely .
In it , Derby are awarded a penalty for a foul on Archie Gemmill , but with the grass all gone from most of the pitch , there ensues a debate over where exactly the penalty should be taken from .
City goalkeeper Joe Corrigan attempts to help the referee out by pacing out twelve yards .
And receives a yellow card for his cheek !
In the end , the only sensible solution is called for .
A man , County groundsman Bob Smith , with a tape measure and a bucket of white paint emerges from the stands , measures out 12 yards immaculately ( whilst players and fans of both sides sit around patiently ) , before painting himself a nice white spot on the sandy Derby pitch .
Once complete , the penalty is buried by Gerry Daly past a half - asleep Corrigan .
Good times .
19 . Handbags at dawn
These days , fighting on the pitch is hardly the most shocking thing about football .
But back in 1975 , the thought of two players , England internationals no less , coming to blows in front of the TV cameras was unthinkable .
Francis Lee & Norman
Hunter were room - mates at the 1970 World Cup , two seasoned professionals with just about every major honour to their names .
But on 1 November 1975 , in a game between Lee ’s Derby County & Hunter ’s Leeds United , the two stamped their names into the history books in indelible ink for all the wrong reasons .
First , a bit of background .
Francis
Lee had throughout his career earned a reputation as a bit of ….how can I put this ….. diver .
So much so in fact that some football writers had dubbed him “ Lee Won Pen ” , for his fondness of hitting the deck in the penalty area .
Norman Hunter on the other hand was a different breed ; “ Bite Yer Legs ” rarely went to ground , unless it was to …. er … bite yer legs .
So when Lee drew a soft penalty out of a nothing Hunter challenge in this game , Big Norm was busting for revenge .
And he took it in the most cynical of fashions , a sharp punch whilst Lee’s , and the referee ’s , back was turned left the Derby striker with a split lip and some seriously damaged pride .
Players from both sides - the likes of Kevin Hector , Billy Bremner & Peter Lorimer - waded in , and the referee was left with no option but to send the pair off .
Drama over .
Not quite .
As the pair left the field side - by - side , Lee lost his patience with Hunter ’s goading , swinging wildly and repeatedly from the ankle with such venom that he floored the much taller Leeds man .
In the end it took Derby boss Dave Mackay to intervene and lead his man from the field , with John Motson bemoaning that “ a side to football we really do not want to see has unfortunately reared its ugly head ” .
Not so sure about that John .
Personally , I love watching it .
20 .
Who are ya ?
It is every football fan ’s dream .
To walk out in a big European stadium , on a big European night , side by side with some of the best players in the world .
For Karl Power , that was exactly what happened on the night of 18 April 2001 .
Power , an unemployed labourer from Greater Manchester , somehow managed to evade security at Bayern Munich ’s Olympic Stadium to walk out with the Manchester Utd team , before cheekily posing alongside the likes of Dwight Yorke , Ryan Giggs & Fabian Barthez for the official team picture .
Eagle - eyed Gary Neville did actually spot the imposter , and pointed him out to the rest of the team .
But Power , a big Eric Cantona fan , apparently replied “ shut it , I ’m doing this for Eric ” Bravo , sneaking onto the pitch , and telling Gary Neville to shut it .
Superb stuff .
Power also hit headlines when he emerged onto the field at Lords during an England test match , and played tennis at Wimbledon - beating Greg Rusedski with great ease .
Boom boom .
Also See :
Top 15 Craziest Red/ Yellow Cards
Football Violence & Top 10 Worst Football Riots
10 Crazy Fans Who Shook The Footballing World
[ PROFUSE APOLOGIES : Another update , on Saturday , March 28 .
I find it difficult to credit that almost a month has passed since my last update .
I 've been going through one of those odd periods , where each day and many nights seem endless , while I simultaneously discover that another week has suddenly gone by , then another one ... and now a month .
Yet in certain ways , it still seems only yesterday that I got out of the hospital .
It 's been a very difficult time .
For about a month -- roughly two and a half weeks before the episode that put me in the hospital , and another few weeks afterwards -- it was exceptionally hard to get a good night 's sleep .
As I would get into bed , I would think there was a serious possibility I would never wake up .
It 's more than slightly unnerving .
The worst of that seems to be gone , although I still have those feelings fairly regularly , especially since I have no idea exactly how badly damaged my heart is .
I only realized after I 'd gotten home that no one ever told me the results of all the tests they did , although one nurse mentioned as an aside that there was some thickening of the heart walls in some areas .
She added that my heart was n't enlarged , however , which is good .
But they took x-rays , did a lot of blood tests , etc. , and I do n't know what those results were .
They knew that I had no insurance and no money , so once my heart returned to a normal rhythm , they were only too delighted to get rid of me .
I 've now received what I think are all the bills for this business .
I say , " I think , " because I only received the Fire Department bill for emergency medical services yesterday .
The grand total is a little over $ 14,000 , for a day of medical attention ( and , obviously , no operations or anything that major ) .
Since I can't possibly pay any of it , I felt bad about it for a little while -- but then I reminded myself of the untold hundreds of billions and trillions of dollars that our government is currently throwing around , on wars of conquest and as gifts from taxpayers to the criminal members of the financial class ( who are already vastly wealthier than most of us ) .
After thinking aboutfor a moment or two , I concluded : " Aw , fuck them . "
Thus ends our lesson in philosophy for today .
( That lesson is strongly reinforced for me when I consider that , for the last several years , I 've sometimes managed to survive on $ 14,000 for eight or nine months at a time .
No , you did n't misread that .
I live on about $ 22,000 a year . ) I'm terribly sorry I have n't been able to do any writing during this period , but I honestly have n't been able to do much of anything .
In addition , over the last two or three years , I 've even found it increasingly difficult to read , a problem which has worsened over the last few months .
I often get very bad headaches after spending several hours on the computer or reading a book .
It 's been almost ten years since my last eye exam , and if I ever have an extra several hundred dollars , I 'll get my eyes checked again and get a new prescription for my glasses .
At the moment , I have to spend a lot of time constantly adjusting the distance between my head and whatever I 'm trying to read .
Nonetheless , I 've started pulling together material for several new essays , some in the Tribalism series as well as some standalone pieces ( although more and more , almost everything I think about writing appears to be connected to the tribalism themes in one way or another ) .
I hope to start publishing them in the next week .
Meanwhile , I have to pay another month 's rent by the end of this coming week .
Pathetic to say , but I 'm about $ 600 short of the rent and just enough money for food for another week or two .
( I did get my major heart medication refilled again yesterday , so at least that 's taken care of for another month . )
I'm also very sorry to have to make another plea for donations , especially since I 've been completely out of commission .
But it 's been a truly rotten time .
I hope the worst is over , at least for the time being .
And I very much want to write more of the Tribalism series , for which I have notes and material for at least another ten to fifteen installments .
That series does n't appear to have much interest for a sizable audience , but I expected that ; any other result would have surprised me considerably .
But the lack of interest in those subjects has been apparent to me for as long as I 've been writing about them , which is now more than five years .
Perhaps more people will find those ideas as important and full of explanatory power as I do at some point , but I honestly do n't expect that to happen until long after I 'm gone .
But I would like my own contribution in that area to be more extensive than it is now .
The cats are fine , and they 've been wonderful company through all this .
Cyrano and Wendy have both always been very affectionate , but they 've been noticeably more affectionate over the last month -- always taking turns in my lap or sitting right next to me , and we always sleep together , at night and when I take naps during the day ( not an infrequent occurrence now ) .
Many thanks still another time to all of you who are so thoughtful and generous .
Without you , I 'd have been out on the street a long time ago .
And I deeply hope I 'll be back with some new essays very soon now . ]
[ UPDATE , Monday , March 2 : A multitude of thanks to all those who have been so kind and generous .
Bless you all .
I 've paid the March rent and gotten my prescriptions filled .
So I 'm all right for the moment , at least in financial terms .
But I 'm finding the aftermath of this emergency much more unsettling and difficult than I had expected .
Among many other things , I have to adjust to the reality I was warned about by one of the doctors : that I may go in and out of these episodes .
To try to lessen the possibility of a recurrence , I 'm having to make major adjustments to my diet : no caffeine , no alcohol , as low salt as possible , etc .
Most of it is fine with me and has n't been a problem -- except that I used to take in lots of caffeine all day long .
How on earth do people wake up without two or three large cups of strong , strong coffee ?
I 'm learning how .
And it may be true , as one of the cardiologists told me , that the glorious LA County Health System " ca n't turn me away . "
But that 's only true in the narrowest sense : they can't turn me away because I do n't have insurance or money .
Obviously , however , the fact that I do n't have insurance or money means that there are many procedures and preventive measures that they simply wo n't offer to me .
To put it simply : I will never get anything remotely like the treatment Dick Cheney gets forheart condition .
So I 'll basically be restricted to calling for help when emergencies strike .
Ironically and somewhat horribly , the cardiologist who trumpeted the wondrous nature of LA 's public health system ( to which I was " entitled " ) proceeded himself to prove how empty such claims can be for those with no resources .
After delivering his encouraging platitudes and examining me for about 15 minutes , he said he was going to look at my test results .
And , he stated emphatically , " I 'll be back in 10 to 15 minutes at the most to discuss all this in more detail with you . "
I never saw him again .
I even told one of the ER doctors what he had said , and indicated that I very much wanted to have that followup talk with the cardiologist .
They tried to locate him and said they could n't .
A " shift change " or some such , they thought .
Oh , well .
All of it is deeply unsettling .
There is a lot of writing I want to do , and developments every day suggest at least two or three posts I 'd like to put together , in addition to all the pieces I 've already planned ( including many more in the Tribalism series ) .
But I still find it very difficult to focus on that for more than a few minutes at a time .
I hope and trust it will pass in another several days .
So please bear with me in the meantime .
For my own sake , I want to get back to writing as soon as I can .
Many , many thanks again for your kindness and support .
I 'm deeply grateful . ]
I wo n't keep you in suspense , as I myself was for a little over two weeks .
Among other things , I have been suffering from atrial fibrillation ( an irregular , rapid heartbeat , as many of you undoubtedly know from the teevee ) .
Through some unknown combination of factors , my heart resumed normal function sometime early Tuesday morning , although my heart is damaged ( exactly how damaged is n't at all clear to me ) .
I was only in the hospital for a little more than a day .
Over the last two weeks plus a few days , I went through five or six episodes when I felt variously very dizzy , nauseous , incredibly weak , and had odd pains here and there ( but no major chest pains ) .
I found it much more difficult than usual just to walk around my apartment ( and it is somewhat difficult almost all the time now ) .
On Monday , I was n't feeling well by any means , but not too terrible .
So I thought I 'd go to the bank , which I only do twice a month now in connection with getting ready to pay the rent .
But my most pressing reason for getting some cash was that I only had four dollars in my wallet .
I was fairly certain I 'd need money for cabs to and from hospitals in the very near future .
The bank is only three blocks away , but walking even that far takes a lot out of me these days ; I only make the effort when I absolutely have to .
I got to the bank , took out some cash , crossed Wilshire Boulevard to walk home -- and I could n't do it .
I sat down for a few minutes , thinking the feelings of dizziness , weakness and nausea would pass .
They did n't .
I waited still longer .
The feelings did n't lessen even a little .
I thought about the writing I still want to do , that I desperately wanted to see my cats again , and about the people I wanted to talk to at least a few more times .
In effect , I said to myself : " Well , Christ .
Fuck all the bastards running this country .
I may have dropped out of the system almost completely , but I need some help now .
They can give it to me .
I 'll never be able to pay for it , but screw that too .
I deserve the best goddamned medical treatment available ! "
Or words to that effect , but that 's pretty close to what I was thinking .
I 've never had a cell phone , so I asked a woman who was very helpful if she 'd call 911 for me , which she did .
The Fire Department emergency personnel arrived 10 to 15 minutes later .
Two very attractive young men , which was wonderfully distracting .
They took basic information , asked a bunch of questions , did a few tasks , and called some more " official " paramedics to the scene .
I did n't get the distinction between the Fire Department guys and the two other paramedics who then showed up , and did n't feel much like inquiring about it .
But oh , my friends .
Paul the Paramedic .
Wonderfully competent and kind .
AndSo , so hot .
These emergency personnel must be hired direct from Chippendale 's or some damned thing .
I am incredibly proud to have learned that , even when " the big one " might be about to hurl me into the dark void of nothingness , I am so deeply perverse and unredeemable that I will still be noticing hot men and thinking how we might entertain each other , in rather different circumstances .
Hooray for me !
So Paul the Paramedic and the other paramedic ( sorry , I did n't askname , I was , you know , trying to focus on business to the extent required ) did some more stuff , asked a bunch of the same and additional questions , and after ascertaining that I had no insurance and no money , took me to a nearby hospital 's ER.
I was in the ER from about 1 PM until midnight , when I was admitted to the hospital itself .
I got a bed in the ER immediately because of my overall state and symptoms .
While I was in the ER , they did a lot of tests -- several electrocardiograms , an Echo exam ( they called it an Echo exam , although it was n't a stress test , I was lying down through all this ) , lots of blood tests , etc. , etc. , etc .
I have to give the ER personnel pretty high marks , although there were several points in the proceedings when I almost lost it totally , mostly when people said such and such would be happening within 10 minutes , and then it did n't happen for an hour or two .
Or three .
And I had to tell the doctor who first told me about the atrial fibrillation in very dire terms that he had scared me to death , before he explained in more detail what was involved in my condition and that , since I was in the hospital , I was n't going to die that day .
So I calmed down a little .
( Oh , that reminds me : I suggested in the late afternoon that perhaps an anti-anxiety drug might be a good idea , since I sometimes felt in the midst of the ER madness that the anxiety itself might kill me .
I finally got one -- at 10 PM .
They had kept saying they could n't give me an anti-anxiety drug until the heart , blood and other test results were back , which I readily understood .
But they had all those results long before 10 o'clock . )
From what several doctors and nurses told me -- and I could never have imagined such a parade ofdoctors and nurses , even after being admitted to the hospital , I rarely saw the same person more than once -- I gather that in some cases drugs ( two of which they gave me after formal admittance ) will cause the heart to resume normal function .
But it usually takes the drugs a couple of days at a minimum to do that , in those cases when they work that way .
Other times , some zaps will be used to get the heart back to normal .
( Zaps like from those paddles you see on , you know , teevee again . )
In still other cases , the heart will resume normal functioning , seemingly fixing this part of its mechanism itself .
That 's what happened in my case sometime early Tuesday morning , much to the doctors ' own surprise .
So I was discharged late this afternoon ( using some of the cash I had gotten to pay for the cab home ! ) , with some pills and prescriptions , and orders to go to various doctors in the LA County Hospital system ( they ca n't turn you away ! ) to follow up on the heart problems , as well as on several other problems that surfaced during the tests ( including one that I was already fully aware of , since it 's incredibly painful , but apparently not terribly serious ... well , except for the pain ) .
So , yeah , I 'm now one of those worthless moochers who want medical care for nothing , and who will never be able to pay for it .
To which I say : tough shit .
When I was still part of the system , the government took a fortune in taxes from me .
In that sense , I 'm only getting some of my own back .
Beyond that , if our government -- which is bankrupt , I remind you , and in debt for trillions of dollars -- is going to spend hundreds of billions of dollars it does n't have , I would much prefer that those pretend billions of dollars be spent on health care instead of on killing people around the world .
So sure , I 'm happy to be part of that rearrangement of our rulers ' spending priorities .
Patient power , baby !
And after all this , yep , I 've gotta hit you up for donations once again .
As I said above , the writing I still want to do was one of the major reasons I decided to enter into the morass of our health system in the first place .
I still expect I 'll only do so again when I feel it 's truly necessary ( although not desperate in a final sense , if you will ) .
But I do have to get those prescriptions filled in a few days ; the hospital only gave me pills of each of the three drugs for three days , since I 'm such a deadbeat and all .
So that will cost money .
And I have a little less than half what I need for March rent .
But it appears I 'll be around for a little while yet , and there are essays to be written !
Need to keep the lights on and so forth while our endeavors proceed .
And Cyrano and Wendy can always use a new catnip toy .
Or four .
( Where do they go ?
This apartment is n't big at all , and Ithere are at least 50 toys around here somewhere .
But exactly where they are , I have absolutely no idea .
Crafty little folks .
I was so happy to see them again , I can't tell you .
In just a little while , we will all curl up in bed together .
That 's the kind of medicine I like . )
As always , I 'm deeply grateful for the kindness , support and generosity of many of you .
My profound gratitude , still one more time .
I hope to be back with some new posts in a day or two at the most .
But first , I think some rest is indicated .
Troubles will come sooner .
This week 's government white paper proposes a 5 per cent cut in emissions , but this , like Ross Garnaut 's report , assumes large per capita cuts can outpace population growth , like a swimmer prevailing against the tide .
But this planning is based on the dubious assumption we are heading for 28 million people living in Australia by 2051 , rather than 42 million .
If the Rudd Government does not change course , even painful per capita cuts will deliver no overall cuts , but an increase .
Much the same goes for water consumption .
El Nino droughts come two or three times a decade , yet state and federal governments are , in effect .
gambling it wo n't happen on their watch .
Several of Rudd 's ministers , most notably Penny Wong and Peter Garrett , are " population deniers " .
Even Rudd has been heard repeating the nonsensical claim that " numbers are not the issue " .
They are .
Some claim Australia is a big country , " boundless plains to share " , etc .
Yet the geographer George Seddon has remarked Australia is more truly " a small country with big distances " .
Even our agricultural areas are not so large , or fertile , as population boosters pretend .
Wheat is our main crop , yet France , for instance , grows twice as much wheat ( and far more of most other crops ) .
The human as well as the natural environment deteriorates as population grows .
Two years ago , the NSW Government instructed Sydney 's councils to accommodate an extra 1.1 million people within 25 years .
Bankstown , for instance , was told to build 26,000 extra homes .
Most councils protested it was impossible to reconcile this with conserving the amenity of the suburbs .
Even these draconian plans will be overwhelmed by additional people .
In the Hawke - Keating days , the knee - jerk reaction to any suggestion that population growth , and therefore perhaps immigration , should be reduced was to accuse the critic of " racism " .
Yet polls show most immigrants think immigration is too high .
But the Government seems asleep at the wheel .
The Minister for Immigration , Chris Evans , claims to foresee only " a continuing modest increase in our population levels over coming years " .
Others continue to claim that births are not keeping up with deaths .
Bureau of Statistics figures show that births each year in Australia are twice the number of deaths , have been so for decades and look like being so for several years more .
Baby bonuses are the last thing we need .
Tim Flannery has suggested that , granted the rate at which we are losing soil , Australia 's safe carrying capacity in the long term may be as low as 8 to 12 million people .
As he points out , humans are extremely long - lived mammals .
Population growth , like herpes , is easily acquired but very hard to lose .
In 1994 , the Australian Academy of Science held a conference to publicise its findings on population : 23 million people should be our limit .
Today , with peak oil and climate change now realities rather than theories , that might have to come down .
Over the years , Australians have been promised a series of points at which population growth would supposedly be capped : Bob Hawke spoke of 25 million , which the Fitzgerald report had suggested might be the limit set by water resources .
Within the last decade , Philip Ruddock , as minister for immigration , spoke soothingly of our population naturally peaking at some 23 million ( later he said 25 million ) .
Peter Costello's Intergenerational Report claimed that population would be only 28 million in 2051 .
Our current trajectory is to break 100 million by 2100 .
Just as every fat person was once a normal child , so every bloated behemoth nation of 100 million - plus was once a nation of 5 or 10 million , with intact ecosystems and abundant water .
Even Java , as late as the early 19th century , had fewer than 5 million people .
Population increase suits governments wanting to please the business community now , by doing something the full cost of which will only emerge over the next 20 , 30 , 40 or 50 years - far beyond the attention span of three - year governments .
There is still a way out and it is not economically naive to think population growth can be slowed .
Much of politics is repetitive and unproductive , but sometimes a logjam breaks .
In the past two years , most politicians have ceased being in denial about climate change , greenhouse emissions , limits to water , and peak oil .
All these crises reflect the deeper underlying problem : our population growth is out of control .
Waiting for the population debate to begin is like waiting for the other shoe to drop .
Mark O'Connor is co-author of Overloading Australia : How Governments And Media Dither And Deny On Population , published by Envirobook .
MUSIC NEWS - Former Led Zep singer Robert Plant and musical partner , bluegrass performer Alison Kraus won big at the 51st annual Grammy Awards in LA , walking off with five trophies !
Their wins including album of the year for " Raising Sand " and record of the year for " Please Read The Letter " .
" We are thrilled and very grateful to everybody who is excited for us , " Krauss said .
" I 'm bewildered , " Plant said .
" In the old days we would have called this selling out ; but it 's a good way to spend a Sunday . "
They also praised and thanked the album 's producer , T Bone Burnett .
Their wins added to earlier ones for pop collaboration with vocals for " Rich Woman " , best country collaboration with vocals for " Killing the Blues " and best contemporary folk / Americana album .
Ms Krauss and Mr Plant wowed the crowd with performances of " Rich Woman " and " Gone Gone Gone ( Done Moved On ) " during the award show .
Complete winner 's list for the 51st Grammys is below -
Brussels , 19 December 2008 : The International Trade Union Confederation is again obliged to note that the murders , attempted murders , attacks and death threats to which Colombian trade unionists have continuously been exposed are not ending .
The ITUC denounces and categorically condemns the murder of another trade unionist , which took place this December .
William Rubio Ortiz , a member of the leadership of the union SINTRAMBIENTE - CGT , representing employees of the national environmental institution , was killed at 7 p.m. on 12 December , when two shots were fired at his head and shoulder by assassins on motorbikes just after leaving his home in the town of Santander de Quilichao , in the department of Cauca .
Brother Ortiz had worked for 22 years for the regional authority ( Corporación Autónoma regional del Valle del Cauca ) and was currently a member of the union ’s governing body .
The murder of Brother Ortiz coincided with the union ’s serious differences of opinion with the director of the Valle regional authority , William Garzón Solís , who has been accused of corruption , harassment of the union and enjoying the support of Senator Martínez , who appears to have links with paramilitaries .
Mr. Garzón has stated that he has a list of 50 trade unionists he would like to get rid of .
In a letter sent to President Uribe ( ES ) , the ITUC insists that the Colombian authorities carry out a full investigation into this murder and do all in their power to ensure respect of workers ’ trade union rights , and specifically those enshrined in the core conventions of the International Labour Organisation ( ILO ) .
“ These killings must stop , ” stated Guy Ryder , general secretary of the ITUC .
“ It is time to put an end to these crimes and to the impunity in Colombia , so that trade unionists are free to carry out their union work and to protect workers without putting their own lives at risk . ”
The ITUC represents 168 million workers in 155 countries and territories and has 311 national affiliates .
www.youtube.com/ITUCCSI
For more information , please contact the ITUC Press Department on :
+32 2 224 0204 or +32 476 621 018 .
9:48 PT - DM : Good morning and welcome to Macworld 's live coverage of the iPhone 3.0 event .
I 'm Associate Editor Dan Moren alongside Editorial Director Jason Snell and we 're coming to you live from the Apple Town Hall at Infinite Loop .
9:49 PT - DM :
We 're being serenaded to the sounds of what appears to be Jack Johnson while the various attendees find their seats .
Phil Schiller 's up at the front of the room , as is Greg Joswiak .
They 're really packing them in here ; it 's a pretty small venue .
9:54 PT - DM :
Very kindly they 've actually provided power strips for us ; sadly , the same cannot be said for network connections .
9:55 PT - DM : " 15 Step " by Radiohead .
" You , Me & The Bourgeoisie " by The Submarines playing .
We 've been told that we 're beginning in a just a moment here .
And now we 're on to Dave Matthews or something .
Of course , as soon as I know a song , they change it .
Thanks , Apple .
10:01 PT - DM :
And here we go .
Greg Joswiak has come out for the introductory remarks .
A lot of iPhone app developers are here as well .
It 's a preview of iPhone 3.0 OS , naturally .
Scott Forstall will be joining him as well as we take a look at the future plans .
10:01 PT - DM : A recap : the iPhone is now in 80 countries around the world , as of this week .
We started two years ago at one country , and now 80 countries .
Set a goal of 10 million iPhones in first calendar year , 2008 , and they ended up selling 13.7 million .
10:02 PT - DM : Sales from June 2007 from December 2008 , 17 million iPhones sold , and the sales definitely accelerated with the iPhone 3G .
iPhone not the only product running iPhone OS ; there 's the touch .
Over same time period , 30 million iPhone OS devices sold through end of 2008 .
Great opportunity for app developers .
10:03 PT - DM : First introduced beta of iPhone SDK a year ago .
In one year , over 800,000 downloads of the SDK .
There are also over 50,000 members of the paid developer program .
Most of the developers , over 60 % , were new to Apple platforms .
Big developers and small developers alike .
A quote from Michel Guillemot of Gameloft saying that the iPhone OS is the " next great development platform . "
10:04 PT - DM :
The small guys can succeed as well .
Steve Demeter of Trism , who 's here today , has made a short video .
He 's talking about being a long - time gamer , and action shots of him coding !
10:06 PT - DM : " The App Store is a meritocracy , " says Demeter .
10:06 PT - JS : Since this is partially an announcement of the new SDK for developers , it 's not too surprising that there 's a focus on developers .
Developers are in the audience , too .
Also , good choice to lead off with Joswiak , I think -- he 's always been one of Apple 's most credible and likeable spokespeople .
10:06 PT - DM : Over 25,000 apps in the store today .
A lot of curiosity of the app store admission process .
96 % of apps submitted are approved .
Moving apps through the store faster than ever ; 98 % of apps approved in 7 days or less .
Now have passed 800 million downloads on the App Store in 8 months time .
10:07 PT - DM : Joz is thanking the developers for giving customers more reasons to buy iPhone / iPod touch ( see , it drives hardware sales ! ) .
10:08 PT - DM :
So clearly we 've created something profound .
But this is just the beginning ; imagine where it 's going to be in the comings months .
Joz is introducing Scott Forstall to talk about iPhone OS 3.0
10:08 PT - DM : Scott looking very hip in a black zip - up .
I wonder who does his hair .
3.0 is a major update to the iPhone OS .
Comes with " incredible features " for developers and customers .
Here 's what 's on tap for developers .
10:08 PT - DM : SDK announced a year ago , and enabled developers to use same APIs and tools used internally .
The goal was to make developers successful , by giving them the best tools , APIs , and frameworks for building applications .
Apple was blown away by what developers did with it .
Spent the last year to make the SDK even better .
i Phone 3.0 brings next generation of SDK ( apparently with a weird globe app ) .
10:09 PT - DM : More than 1,000 new APIs for developers .
Scott 's going to tell us a little bit about enhancements to the App Store .
The App Store is a great business deal — most of this is recap on how the App Store currently works .
70 % of revenue goes straight to the developers , who are paid monthly .
10:11 PT - DM : Some developers have come to Apple saying there are other business models they 'd like : subscriptions , for example .
Magazine publishers would like to have those ; game developers would like to be able to sell additional levels from inside the game ; other new content that developers might want to sell from inside the application — ebooks , for example .
Ebook developers would like to sell ebook app , and then put bookstore in the app .
All of these additional purchase models will be supported in iPhone 3.0 with In - App Purchase .
10:12 PT - DM :
He 's showing off a magazine app , where you can purchase 6 more months for $ 4.99 .
Here 's a game , where you can purchase additional levels from inside the app .
Now , here 's a city guide , where you can sell different guides from inside the app .
The whole thing is tied into the iTunes Store ; tap on " buy " and it brings up the standard iTunes credential panel .
10:13 PT - JS :
This is a big addition in terms of flexibility , but it also lets certain content providers finally take advantage of the store .
For example , a newspaper could sell a premium subscription via their iPhone app .
( Might this help save the newspapers from destruction ? )
Likewise it lets you download a single app and then add content to it .
Nice .
Before there were issues about apps for content providers , because they last forever .
It was just a one - time fee .
Now publishers can charge monthly or yearly ( or whatever ) and get an ongoing revenue stream .
10:14 PT - DM :
The business model for in - app purchase is same as App Store .
Developer sets price ; 70 % of the revenue for developer ( Apple takes the 30 % cut , but no credit card or hosting fees ) .
This is for paid apps only .
Free applications remain free ; you can't buy things from inside free applications .
10:15 PT - DM : Peer to Peer connectivity — especially good for peer - to - peer games .
Now an API lets you find all the other iPhones / iPod touches in the area playing the same game , so now you can play games with your friends over the network locally .
Automatic discovery , all over Bluetooth ( not via Wi - Fi ) , and there 's no pairing — completely seamless .
It also uses Bonjour .
Plus , it 's not just for games — works for any peer - to - peer application .
10:16 PT - JS : Using Bluetooth is really smart , since it means you can play games or share information with anyone , regardless of whether or not there 's a wi- fi network around .
Makes it much easier .
( But what does that mean about iPod touch ? )
10:16 PT - DM :
Here 's an example : you 'd like to send somebody a contact .
Your company could build an application that will find your colleague 's phone and share that contact .
10:17 PT - DM : Next up , accessories .
Thousands of developers are building thousands of accessories that work with iPods and iPhones .
Here 's a speaker , for example : plug your iPhone in and listen to your music .
With iPhone 3.0 support is going to the next level : enable accessory developers to build custom applications that talk right to the accessories .
Speaker manufacturer can build an equalizer app that can adjust settings of the speaker .
Or an FM Transmitter ; you can build an app to help find the optimal frequency and tunes it automatically .
10:18 PT - JS :
This has been a huge request for some time -- giving apps access to hardware attached via the dock connector .
The possibilities are really endless .
Certainly accessory vendors will be jumping for joy at this news .
And Apple 's suggestion that this could be used in medicine is fascinating -- Apple really loves showing off the medical industry at these events .
10:18 PT - DM : Another category : medical applications .
For example , a blood pressure cuff that talks to the phone and can help you track your blood pressure over time .
So , developers can now take more advantage of accessories , talking to accessories via dock - connector * or* via Bluetooth .
You can also build your own custom protocols , as well as use the standard protocols ( listening to music , for example ) .
10:19 PT - JS : I 'm sensing a strong support for Bluetooth in this presentation so far .
Given how bad Bluetooth has been on the iPhone up to now , I 'm really encouraged .
Is there more ?
10:20 PT - DM : Next up is Maps .
Worked with Google to build incredible Maps application .
Developers would like to embed map into application , but would like a CocoaTouch control that can wrap Maps and insert into applications , and that 's what they 're offering in iPhone 3.0 .
The heart of the Maps application is now an API that allows you to embed a map directly in your app .
As an example , here 's a Concierge application that embeds a map — supports satellite , hybrid , map views , adding own locations , pinch - and - zoom , GPS , and Wi -Fi / cell location .
Can even reverse geocode your location .
10:22 PT - DM : Developers can also use Core Location as basis for turn - by - turn direction applications ( score one for my wishlist ! ) .
GPS , Wi-Fi , and cell location .
There is one catch however : bring your own maps .
Due to licensing , they can't use built - in map tiles for turn - by - turn ( that 'll be Google 's API license ) .
But you can use your own maps .
10:23 PT - JS : Big win .
Every iPhone can be its own GPS nav system once 3.0 arrives .
They 're really checking all the boxes , are n't they ?
10:22 PT - DM : Push notifications .
" You know , we 're late on this one . "
Expected to have it up in production by end of year , but they did n't .
There are a few reasons : within two months of launching App Store , there were already 1,000 applications .
Huge number of devs came to them and told them how excited they were , and the volumes were more than they 'd expected , so they had to completely rearchitect it and make it really , really scalable .
" Now we 're good to go . "
10:24 PT - JS : A little sigh of sadness from those of us who thought the lack of push notifications meant that Apple would be giving up on push notification and adding some support for background processes .
10:24 PT - DM :
Why not just do background processes ?
It 's not good for the customer : 1 ) battery life — phone can't sleep , ca n't go to lowest power state .
They 've been testing this with a popular IM client on a bunch of phones ( Windows MObile , etc ) .
Did n't send or receive any messages , just ran it in the background .
Measured stand - by time .
Stand - by time dropped by 80 % or more just by having it run in the background .
Using notifications , stand - by only decreased by 23 % .
2 ) Performance : background processes chew up CPU cycles , so it 's slowing down the foreground app .
Hence , push notifications .
Already working with third - party devs to use it .
10:26 PT - JS : It 's all true .
But there are still applications that really need to have some awareness of what 's going on when they 're not running .
If it 's not an option to run them at all , Apple is reducing the flexibility of the phone and it's risking falling behind Android and possibly even Palm in terms of flexibility and functionality .
Push notification is not a cure - all .
10:25 PT - DM :
Here 's how it works .
Example , IM application .
While it 's running , it 's connected to the server , so you can just send information over the network .
When app is n't running , it can uses the Apple notification system , which is persistently connected .
There are three types of notifications : badges , audio alerts , and also text alerts — which appear just like SMS alerts .
( This is all pretty similar to the notification system as described at last year 's WWDC ) .
10:27 PT - DM :
This model scales , Scott says .
IT 's a unified generic push notification service for all developers .
They 've also optimized it for mobile networks .
Since they 're in over 80 countries , with over 25 carriers , there are a bunch of different configurations .
Apple does the hard work keeping the connection open .
" And now it 's really scalable and ready to go . "
10:27 PT - DM :
These are a few of the thousand APIs in iPhone 3.0 .
Also , in - app e-mail , proximity sensor is available , the built - in iPod library is now accessible , streaming audio and video ( new standard over HTTP that goes through firewalls ) , shake API , data detectors , and in - game voice ( built - in voice chat for games , for example ) .
Just a few of the over 1,000 APIs for developers in the new SDK .
10:29 PT - DM :
They called in a few developers to take a sneak peek at the iPhone 3.0 .
They 're going to come up and show us what they managed to do in just a couple weeks .
First up is Meebo .
10:29 PT - DM : Over 45 million sending over 5 billion messages a month , Meebo is one of the fastest growing social networks out there .
Now coming native to the iPhone .
Here 's Seth Sternberg .
10:30 PT - DM : Sternberg 's one of Meebo co-founders , and he 's going to show us the application .
Lets you use IM over the web and from the computer , no matter what IM network you use : AIM , MSN , Facebook , MySpace , and via partner sites like IGN and My Yearbook .
10:31 PT - DM :
And there 's a push notification asking if Seth can bring milk on the way home .
Meebo felt that push notifications was the last ingredient they needed .
10:33 PT - DM : Next up is Electronic Arts .
One of the largest game developers in the world , already have 10 games on the App Store including Tetris , Spore , Sim City , and Monopoly .
Travis Boatman is going to tell us what they 've done with 3.0 .
Blue Leader just got shot down .
—
Have you heard of Bebo ?
I certainly had n’t , but apparently it ’s a pretty popular social networking thing in certain circles and countries .
I bring it up because cool guy Alex B. ( note : not me ) created a Tiny Elephant Genius skin for Bebo profiles .
You can see screen shots of it here and here .
Great job , Alex - who - is - not - me !
Looks awesome !
Do you , dear reader , want this skin for your Bebo profile ?
Unfortunately , I cannot help you because I have no idea how Bebo works .
You might be able to find it out there somewhere , though .
Who knows !
I do know about Buttersafe Expo 2009 , though , and apparently lots of other people do , too , because a number of expos in cities around the world are being planned in the forums .
You should check it out if you like pizza and also meeting new people .
- Alex
U.S. marines sit inside a C - 130 Hercules while waiting to take off for Afghanistan at Manas Air Base near Kyrgyzstan 's capital Bishkek , February 13 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Shamil Zhumatov
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. military will begin recruiting immigrants with special skills who are in the United States on temporary visas , offering a chance to become citizens in as little as six months , The New York Times reported .
A report on the newspaper ’s website on Saturday said it would be the first time since the Vietnam War that the armed forces would be open to temporary immigrants , provided they have lived in the United States for at least two years .
Immigrants with permanent resident status , or “ green cards , ” are eligible to enlist in the U.S. military .
A Pentagon spokesman said he knew of the program but had no details .
The Times said the program could help the military fill shortages in medical care , language interpretation and field intelligence analysis .
It will be limited to 1,000 enlistees in its first year , most for the Army and some for other services .
Temporary immigrants who want to enlist would have to prove they had lived in the United States for two years and had not been out of the country for more than 90 days during that time .
They would also have to pass an English test .
While magazine fed shotguns have been around for quite some time , they have only more recently started to come into their own .
You will ...
Residents in bushfire - ravaged areas across Victoria tell the ABC about their experiences .
Christopher Harvey from Kinglake :
" There was no chance of fighting or taking care of this fire .
" Everybody 's gone .
Everybody 's gone .
Everybody .
Their houses are gone .
This is our house , this is it .
They 're all dead in the houses there .
Everybody 's dead . "
Peter Mitchell from Kinglake :
" To lose everything but the clothes you are wearing and still feel lucky is a mixed set of emotions .
I like to smile , what else can you do ?
" I had five seconds ' notice and all my fire plans went out of the window , despite all my preparation I could n't save the place .
" We had to get in the car to see where it was coming from and by that stage we were met by a wall of flames 200 metres from our house .
" We did a u-turn , got back and my neighbour 's house was already ablaze . "
Daniele Marshall in Gippsland :
" At one point it all went black , we could see fire closing in on all four sides .
Our last option was to go down to the back dam , chuck the kids on a raft and chuck blankets over us and try and hope that the fire would jump us .
" At the last minute , neighbouring houses who had already lost their property decided to do a dash down to our house and he said that we might be able to get through the road .
" Everything was on fire , we had to drive through fire to get out but we were n't going to leave the kids there .
" We wanted to get them to the safest possible spot so four cars tailed up against each other and just drove through the to get our kids to safety . "
Wade Horton in Gippsland :
" It was coming from everywhere .
It was just , when it came through it was just like , it was picking up s*** and it was flying .
" It came through there like a , there were tornados literally coming through here and over the top here .
It was just literally fireballs and tornados just coming through .
The whole place just went black . "
The ABC's Michael Vincent was in Kinglake
" I came in with a CSA officer and it was just here there was still smoke drifting across the road .
Lots of debris , trees , corrugated iron roofing , power lines dangling across and then the many , many , burned out car wrecks - close to , I 'd say , 20 on the main road alone .
" [ There are ] obvious accidents , head - on collisions , and five cars concertinaed with a motorbike had gone into a ditch .
" It 's quite scary to imagine what these people went through .
And some of them apparently did survive .
" There were some cars being taken away last night by the police and I imagine there were bodies in those cars .
I could n't physically see any , but the police were taking them away .
" Throughout the night I 'd wake up to the sounds of the [ fire ] trucks coming through and coming in and out , guys being relieved , the flashing blue and red lights sort of meandering through the valley and the streets of the towns . "
ABC confirms that Herman Rosenblat , the notorious fabricator behind Holocaust memoir Angels at the Fence , will appear on Good Morning America tomorrow [ Update : it 's here ] .
A preview of what he 'll probably say , after the jump .
A plugged - in tipster directed us to the freshly - uploaded YouTube video above , in which Rosenblat speaks to an unseen interviewer .
He could be talking to a GMA producer in a pre-interview , doing media training with a publicist , who knows .
( The video is carried in a YouTube channel named after Rosenblat , although the title of this video curiously misspells his last name . )
Rosenblat is a genuine Holocaust survivor .
So perhaps he 'll have some luck attempting a redemption less than two months after he was exposed ( Even macho James Frey waited a couple of years . )
And maybe he 'll be able to somehow sell the rather bold and hard - to - believe story he outlines in the YouTube video : that his wife told him she tossed apples over the fence at some boy in some concentration camp , and that Rosenblat convinced himself he was the boy , even though he was not .
Rosenblat said he believed the girl was an angel sent by his mother , who died in the Holocaust .
" In reality , I was n't telling the truth , because she did n't throw the apple to me .
But in my mind I believe she did ... I still believe it 's me ... "
It 's interesting that Rosenblat is now roping his wife into the meta - narrative of how he came to fabricate part of Angels .
The move is likely to bring her a good deal of scrutiny in the news media .
Rosenblat wants forgiveness .
In the video , he tells the story of some sad , unreachable widow whose life was miraculously turned around , somehow , by reading about Rosenblat on the internet .
I did no harm to anybody , in fact I did good to people ...
I made a mistake and I want America to forgive me .
Actually , Rosenblat needs forgiveness , to sell the ( fiction ) book and movie projects he 's participating in .
Both are plugged in the video above , and in all likelihood on GMA , which scored a major " get " in landing the exclusive first TV interview with Rosenblat since his book scandal .
( Movie proceeds have been pledged to Holocaust survivor charities .
It remains to be seen whether the filmmaker who made that promise keeps his narrative closer to the truth than Rosenblat . )
NOTE : At little as a year ago , the prospect that the narco - insurgency raging in Mexico would successfully expand into the southwestern US was remote .
That is not true to today .
The difference ?
A black swan economic event has so completely destabilized the regional economy , that the existing social system is likely to fragment .
Here 's a list of previous posts on this blog re : Mexico .
It appears that increasing militarization of both the US and Mexico's " war on drugs " is having an impact , although not what the governments had in mind .
The myriad of groups that are dependent on the narco / smuggling economy now consider the two governments to be more of a threat to their continued success than each other .
As a result , they are inevitably moving towards an agreement on a plausible promise for an open source insurgency .
What is a plausible promise that could unite ~ 100,000 Mexican narco - guerrillas into an open source insurgency ?
Simply :
To force the Mexican and US governments to cede de facto control over northern Mexico and Arizona / Southern California / New Mexico / Southern Texas .
plausible promise would radically improve if the coming global depression drives
By itself , it 's doubtful that a narco / smuggling open source insurgency could accomplish this goal , although it would make a very good run at it ( particularly given the declining budgets of their opponents ) .
However , the prospects for successful achievement of thewould radically improve if the coming global depression drives
In the predawn darkness of 16 October 1987 , the phone rang in the Altadena , California , bedroom of Donald Cram , owner of a rug- cleaning business .
In a fluting voice , an unknown caller congratulated the sleepy Cram on winning the Nobel Prize .
Thinking he recognized the voice of a pal known for practical joking , Cram hung up .
But the man with the strange accent called back and insisted that Cram 's work on molecular structure had indeed taken science 's top honor .
That 's when the former chemistry major groggily realized that his frustrated caller wanted the Los Angeles area 's other Donald Cram , the one who taught at the University of California , ( UC ) Los Angeles , and had an unlisted phone number .
But this column is n't about the carpet cleaner who won the Nobel Prize .
It 's about the courtesy van driver who did n't .
The 2008 Nobel Prize in chemistry honors Osamu Shimomura , professor emeritus at Woods Hole Marine Biological Laboratory ( MBL ) and Boston University Medical School ; Martin Chalfie , the William R. Kenan Jr. Professor of biological sciences and department chair at Columbia University , and Roger Tsien , professor of chemistry and biochemistry at UC San Diego , for " the discovery and development of the green fluorescent protein , GFP , " according to a Nobel statement .
Used as an intracellular " tagging tool , " GFP is a " guiding star for biochemistry " that lets scientists watch processes involved in cancer , neural development , and much more .
I can't imagine the Nobel Committee ever seriously considering me , because I simply dropped out of science .
-- Douglas Prasher
But a fourth man , Douglas Prasher , played what Tsien has called " a very important role " in the GFP story , making it possible for Chalfie and Tsien to do their work .
" They could 've easily given the prize to Douglas and the other two and left me out , " Chalfie has been quoted as saying in numerous media reports .
But they did n't give it to Prasher , and for anyone interested in understanding the scientific labor market , the tale of Prasher , the protein , and the prize serves , rather like a glowing body within a cell , as a marker revealing realities often obscured by misconception and myth .
Glowing tributes
The Nobel Committee never picks more than three winners for any discovery .
Prasher , the biochemist who first cloned the GFP gene , published it in the journal Gene in 1992 and freely shared it with Tsien and Chalfie when they asked for it ; however , he was not on the list when the laureates were announced .
He also differs in another way from the winners , who occupy prestigious academic chairs .
These days , Prasher spends his working hours in a different kind of seat , behind the wheel of courtesy shuttle , a minivan with " Bill Penney Toyota " written on the side in big letters .
He took the $ 8.50 - an - hour job with the Huntsville , Alabama , auto dealer after a year of unemployment following the loss of a research position on a National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) –funded life science project located at Huntsville 's Marshall Space Flight Center .
With two children in college , payments of $ 750 a month to COBRA for his family 's health insurance , and scientific positions unobtainable in the hard - hit area , Prasher had to take what work he could find while continuing to search for a research post , he tells Science Careers by telephone .
His voice trails off as he says , " Our debts are just ... "
A near - Nobelist ferrying an auto dealer 's clients is , of course , the kind of apparent anomaly that journalists love , and it quickly became a human - interest item about outrageous and unfathomable unfairness .
A secondary theme of the coverage , reflected in one of the brainier stories , is the " staggering waste of talent " in Prasher 's current situation .
One perfervid account styles him the " genius behind the wheel . "
Modest , humorous , and down - to - earth , Prasher disavows claims of genius .
Still , at the time he cloned GFP , back when hardly anyone knew it existed , he foresaw its potential as an intracellular marker and knew that if it were properly developed for that purpose , " it would be just phenomenal .
To me , it was a no - brainer . "
That potential , in fact , is why he sent it off to Chalfie and Tsien at a time when he believed he would soon be leaving the field of bioluminescence .
An Ohio State Ph.D. and a former University of Georgia biochemistry and genetics postdoc , he was then an assistant scientist ( equivalent to assistant professor ) up for tenure at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution ( WHOI ) .
His small lab 's funding had run out and he expected -- rightly , as it turned out -- that he would not be retained .
He was , he says , " going to go work for the government on something totally unrelated .
I walked away from " GFP .
But before he did , he handed it on to people who might advance it toward what he knew it could become .
Prasher does not begrudge them the Nobel .
" Both of them have always given me credit , " he says , including during the Nobel ceremonies in Stockholm , which he attended as the winners ' guest .
" I 've always felt proud in what I provided them .
... I can't imagine the Nobel Committee ever seriously considering me , because I simply dropped out of science . "
Winners , he believes , " have distinguished careers , ... made this great contribution , and ... continue to have distinguished careers . "
But this is n't the tale of a man who walked off the stage at his moment of destiny , because in fact Prasher never did drop out of science .
Instead , he spent the next 14 years doing challenging and useful research .
What he did drop out of -- or , more accurately , was booted out of by a tenure committee that did not foresee his work 's possibilities -- was high - stakes academic science .
And that was no aberration but rather a perfectly normal -- indeed , a common and ordinary -- event in a labor market built on what economists call the " tournament model . "
Winners and losers
One of various ways of organizing work that economists have identified , a tournament market " offers participants the chance of winning a big prize -- an independent research career , tenure , a named chair , scientific renown , awards -- through competition , " writes Richard Freeman and co-authors .
Tournament markets amplify " small differences in productivity into large differences in recognition and reward , " Freeman and co-authors continue .
Academic science is only one such market ; other familiar examples include rock music , professional sports , and national politics .
Someone who does not get the Nobel may have published similar results 3 days after the winner .
An actor who narrowly misses a movie role might well have given a better performance than the Oscar winner .
Most labor markets are not winner - take - all elimination contests , however , so we 'll never know the names of , for example , the world 's greatest dentists or electricians or community college teachers .
Besides heaping immense accolades on a small number of champions , tournament markets share another feature .
They constantly discard huge amounts of very high - quality talent , training , and skill .
All the aspiring varsity quarterbacks who do n't make the NFL , all the young scientists who come very close to tenure , are cast aside .
Prasher differs from an unknown -- but undoubtedly very large -- number of other highly able former researchers not in that he is necessarily vastly more brilliant than they are ( or vastly less brilliant than the three GFP laureates ) but in the twist of fate that brought his situation into public view .
In the mythic version , science rewards effort and ability , so Prasher 's predicament must be some inexplicable mistake .
In the real world , casting off large numbers of extremely capable people is no anomaly but simply how a tournament market works .
In that fateful summer of 1992 , Prasher moved from WHOI to the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service ( APHIS ) lab , on Cape Cod in Massachusetts , where he worked on identifying pests " using molecular and biochemical methodologies , " he says .
After 9 years , APHIS transferred him to its lab in Beltsville , Maryland .
Several years later , he joined NASA in Huntsville , developing " handheld devices to perform diagnostics during long - term space flight , ... one of the most fascinating things I 've ever worked on . "
Because " our project had nothing to do with putting a new rocket up , " it and other life science work lost funding .
In 2006 , Prasher landed on a flooded job market .
He is currently exploring options for getting back to research and is open to other offers .
His extensive accomplishments , however , have not protected him from the prejudices of at least some other scientists .
After a " a great interview " with one potential employer who " knew my scientific history , " he recalls , " I thought I had the job because he said , ' All I have to do is okay this with management . '
But on the way out , he walked me to the door and asked me , ' What have you been doing since you were in science ? '
And I told him .
He gave me this funny look and I think right then he decided , that was it . "
Knowing that " it takes a while " to work out " the right fit , " Prasher remains optimistic .
" I think it 's a shame that Doug has not been recently in a position to do science that would use his talents , " Tsien has said .
That 's a Stockholm - sized understatement but one that is true not only of Prasher but also of many other involuntarily former researchers whose names we will never know .
Text corrected : 17 February 2009
Mike Ovitz 's daughter Kimberly has launched an eponymous clothing line .
She told W. magazine why she was unafraid to use her infamous last name , " I was finally confident enough to say , ' This is my last name , I 'm going to use it . '
People will have preconceived notions , but my clothes will back it up . "
Indeed , the decision will probably help sales of Kim 's clothes .
Her younger buyers probably wo n't even know who Mike Ovitz is and those who do will probably pay more attention to her because of her famous lineage .
Calibration Labels
Make an affordable choice with compact calibration labels .
A variety of unique sizes and designs help you keep any tool or piece of equipment calibrated .
Customize using a bold , specific message , so you can quickly label multiple items .
The Sears Tower is shown in the skyline of downtown Chicago March 29 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Frank Polich
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - The 110 - story Sears Tower , tallest office building in the Western Hemisphere , will be renamed the Willis Tower , global insurance broker Willis Group Holdings said on Thursday .
Willis said it was leasing multiple floors in the 1,451 - foot ( 442 - meter ) structure in downtown Chicago to consolidate offices .
As part of the deal , it will become the Willis Tower this summer when the move takes place , the company said .
Sears , once the largest U.S. retailer , occupied what was then the world ’s tallest building as its headquarters after the skyscraper was completed in 1973 .
But it moved out in the early 1990s .
Over the years the company lost ground to discounters like Wal - Mart Stores Inc in the clothing business and big - box hardware retailers like Home Depot Inc .
Today ’s Sears Holdings Corp is controlled by billionaire financier Edward Lampert .
The Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat lists the steel and glass tower as the fifth - tallest completed building in the world .
The tallest , at 1,670 feet , is the Taipei 101 building in Taiwan ’s capital .
Willis Group Holdings refers to itself as a global insurance broker “ developing and delivering professional insurance , reinsurance , risk management , financial , and human resource consulting and actuarial services . ”
It says it has more than 400 offices in nearly 120 countries .
Friday , as I was standing in line at the grocery store and scanning the magazine rack for something to distract me from how grossly I was breaking my budget , I realized six of the eight magazines on the rack were splashed ( “ blasted ” is probably a better word ) with pictures and an assortment of exclamations about the current “ Chrianna ” situation .
Whether they were reporting rumors of marriage or Rihanna ’s family ’s reactions to the situation , six out of eight magazines had dedicated significant portions of their covers to Rihanna and Chris Brown .
It ’s no secret the public has been shocked and outraged since news of Chris Brown ’s abuse first hit the media , but Friday night , I could n’t help but wonder why the public is so shocked and outraged .
Why do we care about how Rihanna handles the situation ?
What does it matter to us how her family and friends have reacted ?
Common sense and basic human compassion tells me we care about Rihanna ’s well being ; Americans as a whole are not cool with domestic violence and most people care about what happens to their fellow humans .
We want to protect the abused and punish the abusers and we want to help stop situations like this from happening in the future .
But our outrage over the Chrianna situation suggests more than just concern about a fellow human being ’s welfare and a need for justice – it also suggests fear .
What are we afraid of ?
We are afraid Rihanna is sending the wrong message .
Rihanna and Chris Brown “ reunited ” after less time than it takes to start a decent blog .
We expect victims of violence to seek justice and bar their abusers from their lives forever , so any reunion – especially one that took so little time – suggests to us that Rihanna is too mentally weak or unintelligent to recognize danger , and that she cares so little about herself that she ’s “ okay ” with being abused .
What does that say to other abuse victims ?
Other abusers ?
That it ’s okay if someone hits you ?
That it ’s okay to hit someone ?
That ’s what we fear .
We are afraid Rihanna ’s father is apathetic and negligent .
If a parent does n’t move in to “ protect ” his child , he obviously does n’t care about his child … right ?
Wrong ( or , not necessarily true in every case ) .
A parent can only do so much , especially when his child is an independent , wildly successful 21 - year - old adult .
All parents come to a point when they have to let their children live their own lives .
Rihanna ’s father can’t control her , but he can offer advice and support in whatever she chooses to do ( as well as in whatever successes or failures her decisions bring ) .
In other words , Ronald Fenty can no longer forbid Rihanna to cross the street , but he can advise her to look both ways .
He can even hold her hand .
We are afraid Chrianna ’s friends are conducive to future violence .
From P. Diddy offering the two a neutral refuge ( though , now there ’s some speculation about that ) to Kanye West wondering why we can’t give Brown a break , we assume everyone who does n’t drape a protective arm over Rihanna while simultaneously dragging Brown to the center of the village for a good ol ’ fashioned stoning is dangerous .
We believe only those folks who warn Rihanna never to speak to Brown again , like Oprah , are the ones who care about her .
It ’s true that our peers ’ reactions to what ’s going on in our lives tend to influence how we view and feel about the situations .
When it comes down to it , however , we each have to make our own decisions .
We are afraid Chrianna ’s behavior will influence our youth ’s behavior .
This is perhaps the biggest and easiest - to - understand fear of all .
Whether they ’re movie stars , musicians , or sports “ heroes , ” celebrities have a lot of influence over children ( and easily influenced adults ) .
If our children are going to look to celebrities for the latest behavioral trends , we certainly do n’t want those trends to include abuse – nor do we want them to include accepting abuse or getting away with abuse .
In the end , Rihanna could very well be handling this situation poorly ; however , she could also just be handling it the only way she knows how right now .
So much of life – and our reactions to life – is trial and error .
If Rihanna chooses to block Chris Brown from her life and make advocating against domestic violence her mission , then good for her .
But we need to remember that Rihanna , Chris Brown , and all their family members and friends are imperfect humans just like the rest of us , and not one of them can really be held responsible for how the rest of us behave .
Image Credit : cj_slim per these Creative Commons License Attributions .
A new study by Oregon researchers has found a significant correlation between " absolute " humidity and influenza virus survival and transmission .
When absolute humidity is low - as in peak flu months of January and February - the virus appears to survive longer and transmission rates increase .
Results of the study were published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
Researchers have long suspected a link between humidity and flu transmission and prevalence ; however , these efforts have focused on relative humidity , according to lead author Jeffrey Shaman , an Oregon State University atmospheric scientist who specializes in ties between climate and disease transmission .
Relative humidity is the ratio of air water vapor content to the saturating level , which itself varies with temperature , while absolute humidity quantifies the actual amount of water in the air , irrespective of temperature .
The PNAS study re-analyzed data from a 2007 study published in PLoS Pathogens , which found a tenuous relationship between influenza transmission and relative humidity .
Shaman used the team 's research data and substituted absolute humidity for relative humidity in analyzing potential correlations with flu transmission .
This effort led to additional investigation of the relationship between absolute humidity and influenza " survival , " which is the length of time the virus remains viable once airborne .
" The correlations were surprisingly strong , " Shaman said .
" When absolute humidity is low , influenza virus survival is prolonged and transmission rates go up . "
Shaman 's co-author on the study is Melvin Kohn , an epidemiologist with the Oregon Department of Health Services .
The 2007 PLoS Pathogens study , by researchers at Mt. Sinai School of Medicine in New York , looked at the effects of temperature and relative humidity on transmission of influenza using influenza - infected guinea pigs in climate - controlled chambers .
The researchers used 20 different combinations of temperature and relative humidity in an effort to identify a trigger point for changes in transmission of the virus between infected guinea pigs and adjacent control animals .
In general , the study found that there were more infections when it was colder and drier .
However , Shaman and Kohn demonstrated that relative humidity could only explain about 12 percent of the variability of influenza virus transmission from these data .
In addition , numerous other experiments , dating back to the 1940s , have shown that low relative humidity favors increased influenza virus survival .
However , in their PNAS analysis , Shaman and Kohn demonstrated that relative humidity only explains about 36 percent of influenza virus survival .
The Oregon researchers then retested the various data using absolute humidity and found a dramatic rise in accounting for both transmission ( 50 percent , up from 12 percent ) and survival ( 90 percent , up from 36 percent ) .
For decades , researchers have been searching for answers as to why there is such a pronounced seasonality of influenza incidence , which peaks during the winter in temperate regions .
Potential explanations are that people spend more time indoors and thus transmit the virus more easily ; less sunlight may have a chemical effect on the virus and / or people 's immune response ; or there might be an unknown environmental control .
The findings of Shaman and Kohn indicate that absolute humidity is the control .
Though counter - intuitive , absolute humidity is much higher in the summer .
On a typical summer day in Oregon there is twice as much water vapor in the air as in winter , even though it may be raining .
" In some areas of the country , a typical summer day can have four times as much water vapor as a typical winter day - a difference that exists both indoors and outdoors , " Shaman said .
" Consequently , outbreaks of influenza typically occur in winter when low absolute humidity conditions strongly favor influenza survival and transmission . "
Source : Oregon State University
Explore further Major wind - driven ocean currents are shifting toward the poles
Grabbed several friends and a couple of businessmen and women you respect ( from outside the construction industry ) , talk them into joining you for a brainstorming session , provide food and drink , and get their input .
Use these four creative , low cost offline advertisement ideas this holiday season .
Give yourself the extra edge by taking the boring out of flyers and making them into discount savings , coupons redeemable for samples , invitation to an open house with a free prize draw entry .
Flyers and other promotional materials do n’t have to be a piece of advertising copy .
It can be anything you want it to be .
Give it some razz , some fun , and give it a cool name .
Recently I just went to a local sandwich place and saw that a typical turkey bacon avocado was named the “ ménage trois . ”
I am pretty sure no one is going to forget that sandwich .
In fact , I ate two of them .
Let ’s say that your answer is four times .
A new customer will average four purchases before they move on to another vendor .
What do you have now ?
You have six new people that will buy from you an average of three more times .
That ’s eighteen more sales with no marketing costs at all .
That ’s not just one way to look at it .
It ’s the way to look at it .
Use buttons for your RSS feeds to link up to the web sites that you simply post updates on .
This is the top way for your readers to locate your social media profile .
This tends to make it simpler for Gucci Outlet Online men and women who are already familiar with you to be capable to stick to you wherever you go online .
What is it that consumers are looking for ?
Precisely , something that will benefit them .
They really are n’t interested in the facts about your products .
They want to understand how it will affect their existence or way of life .
Social Proof :
If everybody else wants what you sell , your prospect will want it too .
If your customer believes that there is a great demand for what you sell , they will believe it must be good .
Small business owners should use testimonials , and referrals .
They both serve the purpose of giving social proof .
The media has made no secret of the story of U.S. Olympic athlete Michael Phelps being caught on camera in November at a party , just toking away at some of that sweet Barney .
Although the “ narrow iguana ” is not a banned substance during competition that would allow for his medals to ever be taken away .
It would seem that Mr. Phelps does not own himself , or that would be the impression that the United States Olympic Committee ( USOC ) would love for everyone to believe .
The simple truth is that Michael Phelps owns himself .
Sure he has contracts with his sponsors and they in general would frown upon his recreational use of ganja .
What people should be concerned about is that the “ incriminating ” photo of him will lose him some of those sponsors , his bread and butter .
This is how our good man has kept a full tank of unleaded in the Yugo and kitten chow in sweet little Fluffy 's feed bowl .
Those looking to “ bring him down ” have missed that fact and would be bankrupted for life if they had to make up the difference out of their pockets .
He had only one contract with the USOC as opposed to many with his sponsors and it is no violation to smoke whatever substance he likes when he is not in competition .
Again they do not own him .
As for Phelps being a “ role model ” of some sort , this is nothing more than a sloppily implied obligation of those who feel they own him , and therefore bogus on it 's face .
He is his own man , like it or lump it .
Before I forget , understand this all of you “ anti- drug warriors ” out there :
The greatest swimmer in the history of the world puffed away at the superb herb .
You and everyone else on the planet that supports criminal penalties for its use would be very hard pressed as to just how you could ever prove that it “ impaired ” in any way , his performance as an athlete .
Please feel free to put that in your bong and smoke it .
With Liberty ,
Dan Steward
Energy Efficiency : The Massively Multiplayer Online Game
January 15th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Would n’t lowering your home energy consumption be easier and more fun if you could compete against your neighbors for bragging rights ?
At least one Stanford professor thinks so .
At a recent climate change conference , Professor Byron Reeves proposed incorporating smart meter data into a MMOG ( Massively Multiplayer Online Game ) .
Energy consumption in the real world would be linked to energy consumption in the game , with real - life energy savings reaping game points .
The concept has already attracted attention from the US Department of Energy and local utilities .
Finding a game developer is the next step — anyone interested ?
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/dDR0-QgqiEk&hl=en&fs=1]
Photo Credit : Stanford
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
( CNN ) --
A missing 5 - year - old Florida girl was most likely abducted from her home in rural Florida , police said Wednesday .
Haleigh Cummings , 5 , went missing Monday night from her home near Orlando , police said .
Haleigh Cummings has been missing since 3 a.m. Tuesday , when her father 's girlfriend called 911 to say the child had vanished from her Putnam County home .
" There 's no longer any reason to believe that the child simply wandered outside , " said Putnam County Sheriff 's Office Maj .
Gary Bowling .
The police must " assume abduction , " he said .
" All the answers to why you 'd want to take a 5 - year - old are ugly , " Bowling said .
Police have no official suspects , but are treating everyone they interview as one .
" All the world 's a suspect " now , Bowling said .
Hear the frantic 911 call »
A nationwide Amber Alert says the girl was last seen wearing a pink shirt and underwear .
Police plan to use infrared aviation technology after dark Wednesday in their search .
" She 's a 5 - year - old child , and she 's afraid of the dark , " Bowling said .
On Monday night , Ronald Cummings ' girlfriend , 17 - year - old Misty Croslin , was watching Haleigh and her 4 - year - old brother , police said .
Croslin put Haleigh to bed at 8 p.m. and then went to bed herself at 10 p.m. , they said .
Croslin told police she woke up at 3 a.m. and discovered Haleigh missing .
Croslin then called 911 and told a dispatcher that she found a brick on the floor of the family 's double - wide trailer , according to CNN affiliate WJXT - TV .
The station 's Web site printed the text of the 911 call , which included this exchange :
Dispatch : OK .
All right , you said your back door was wide open ?
Caller : Yes , with a brick .
Like , there was a brick on the floor .
Like , when I went to sleep the door was not like that .
Do n't Miss WJXT : Read what was said during 911 call
WJXT : Read what was said during 911 call WFTV : Watch Haleigh 's father make a tearful plea
The brick was actually holding open the door to the trailer , Putnam County Sheriff 's Office Lt. Johnny Greenwood told CNN .
Croslin is staying with relatives as the investigation continues , said Bowling , describing the girlfriend as a " child herself . "
Earlier Wednesday , Cummings pleaded for his daughter 's safe return .
" All I want is my child ... please ... all I want is my child , " he said , his voice breaking .
On Wednesday , Haleigh 's maternal grandmother , Marie Griffis , told reporters that she feared the worst .
" She 's out there somewhere , I can feel her .
I can feel her presence , " Griffis told CNN affiliate WFTV - TV .
" She 's screaming . "
Watch grandparents plead for girl 's return »
Haleigh 's mother , Crystal Sheffield , wept as she stood in front of reporters .
" I just want whoever 's got her to bring her home , " the girl 's mother said .
" That 's all I want , is my baby home . "
Watch mother 's tearful plea »
Griffis said that her daughter and Ronald Cummings had a " rocky relationship " and that the two took turns spending weekends with their daughter .
Sheffield lives near the Florida - Georgia line and has been interviewed by law enforcement , according to police .
Investigators are looking into various angles of the case , including finding out the location of 44 registered sexual offenders who live within a five - mile radius of the Cummings home , Greenwood said .
Though that number may sound high , it includes both Putnam and Palatka counties , which are separated by the St. Johns River , the law enforcement spokesman told CNN .
Police are offering but not requiring all those interviewed in the case to take polygraph tests .
Anyone with any information is encouraged to call the Putnam County Sheriff 's Office at 386-329-0800 or the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's Missing Endangered Persons Information Clearinghouse at 888-FL - MISSING .
All About Orlando ( Florida ) • Missing Children
Christians and Pagans , a painting by Sergei Ivanov ( Photo credit : Wikipedia )
One often hears that it is not religious belief itself that is problematic but religious extremism .
This sounds appealing until one realizes that the presence of religious believers , including religious moderates , is what often shields religious extremists from criticism .
That is , the presence of religious moderates seems to provide a context in which religious extremism does n't seem nearly as irrational and dangerous as it probably should .
Moderate believers make it more difficult to question even the most extreme religious beliefs .
But is n't it a bit of an exaggeration to say that religious extremism is actually dangerous ?
Maybe some Islamic extremists are dangerous , but surely there is nothing wrong with their Christian counterparts in the U.S. !
I mean , is n't their " holy " book mostly about how they should be nice to others ( e.g. , love thy neighbor and all that ) ?
Even if many seem to ignore these parts and treat others with anything but kindness , does n't their instruction book at least convey that positive message ?
Let 's examine our trusty Christian bible for a moment by taking a look at Deuteronomy 17 :
If there be found among you , within any of thy gates which the LORD thy God giveth thee , man or woman , that hath wrought wickedness in the sight of the LORD thy God , in transgressing his covenant ; 17:3
And hath gone and served other gods , and worshipped them , either the sun , or moon , or any of the host of heaven , which I have not commanded ; 17:4
And it be told thee , and thou hast heard of it , and enquired diligently , and , behold , it be true , and the thing certain , that such abomination is wrought in Israel ; 17:5
Then shalt thou bring forth that man or that woman , which have committed that wicked thing , unto thy gates , even that man or that woman , and shalt stone them with stones , till they die .
Fairly clear , is n't it ?
A book , claimed by many to be " holy " in some way , instructs people to murder persons who do not believe in their god .
Why have n't we heard more about this ?
Because many Christians are content to ignore certain parts of their bible while obsessing about others ( i.e. , cherry picking ) .
And what of those who do not ignore such parts of their " sacred " text ?
We call them extremists ... or worse .
For more on this topic , see My Holy Book Says That People Like You Should Be Killed .
You'd be hard - pressed to tell sometimes , but the United States Congress actually maintains its own in - house think tank , staffed by a seasoned team of lawyers , economists , and policy experts : the Congressional Research Service .
Founded in 1914 as the Legislative Reference Service , CRS now commands an annual budget in excess of $ 100 million .
But while its funding is public , the reports CRS produces — covering 150 distinct issue areas , according to its 2007 annual report — are n't .
While members of Congress frequently choose to make reports they 've commissioned public , CRS itself has resisted multiple efforts to amend the law to make its research public as a matter of course .
As that 2007 report puts it , CRS 's " policy of confidentiality " is meant to reassure legislators that " that they can come to CRS to explore issues , and they can do so without question , challenge , or disclosure . "
The idea is to let members inquire into controversial topics without exposing themselves to controversy — but the result is also that legislators get to pick and choose which findings they want to share with the rest of the world .
The Center for Democracy and Technology has been doing its best to pierce that veil of confidentiality with OpenCRS , a repository of all the reports that have been released or leaked .
This weekend , they got a treasure trove of fresh documents thanks to Wikileaks , which has passed along 6,780 CRS reports — the vast majority of which were n't previously available .
Almost 2,300 of them were produced or updated in the past year , and many address such timely issues as the DTV transition , the powers of the Director of National Intelligence , economic stimulus , the Fairness Doctrine , consumer privacy legislation , and the future of the Office of Science and Technology Policy .
Congress , of course , could choose to make all this redundant by simply instructing CRS to publicly post its own reports .
In the meantime , you can BitTorrent the whole cache from , believe it or not , The Pirate Bay .
French physicist Bernard d'Espagnat has won the annual Templeton Prize with its purse of $ 1.4 million ; the prize is often given to scientists who find common ground between religion and science .
Professor d'Espagnat , 87 , worked with great luminaries of quantum physics but went on to address the philosophical questions that the field poses [ BBC News ] .
Physicists may be more open to seeing a higher power behind the great mysteries of the universe than scientists in other disciplines :
Including Dr. d'Espagnat , five of the past 10 Templeton winners have been physicists or have had strong connections to the discipline [ The Christian Science Monitor ] .
The thrust of d'Espagnat 's work was on experimental tests of Bell 's theorem .
The theorem states that either quantum mechanics is a complete description of the world or that if there is some reality beneath quantum mechanics , it must be nonlocal – that is , things can influence one another instantaneously regardless of how much space stretches between them , violating Einstein 's insistence that nothing can travel faster than the speed of light [ New Scientist ] .
Quantum mechanics describes such bizarre phenomena as quantum teleportation , in which two " entangled " particles reflect each other 's properties , although the information could n't travel between them by any conventional means .
D'Espagnat argues that such experiments show that quantum mechanics only gives us a glimpse of a " veiled reality " that is beyond our comprehension .
" Quantum mechanics introduced another point of view , which consists essentially that the aim of science is not to describe ultimate reality as it really is , " d'Espagnat recounted by phone Friday from Paris .
" Rather , it is to make account of reality as it appears to us , accounting for the limitations of our own mind and our own sensibilities " [ The Christian Science Monitor ] .
D'Espagnat , a Catholic , says that leaves open the possibility that a greater power is involved in what he sees as a deeper level of reality .
" I would accept calling it God or divine or Godhead but with the restriction that it cannot be conceptualised for the very reason that this ultimate reality is beyond any concept that we can construct " [ Times Online ]
, says D'Espagnat .
Related Content : Cosmic Variance : In Bed With Templeton questions political spending by John Templeton , Jr. Cosmic Variance : Templeton and Skeptics discusses a conference on science and religion 80 beats : Quantum Teleportation Is a Go! 80 beats : Quantum Cryptography Takes a Step Towards Mainstream Use 80 beats : Harnessing Quantum Weirdness to Make Spy - Proof EmailImage : Templeton Foundation
Just as it was riding high in the opera world , the Metropolitan Opera has been bludgeoned by the recession and now faces a “ disaster scenario ” unless the company finds major cost cuts , including concessions from its powerful unions , the Met ’s general manager , Peter Gelb , said on Thursday .
Its once - mighty endowment of more than $ 300 million has dropped by a third , to a point where it cannot be drawn from ; donations are down by $ 10 million this season ; and ticket sales are expected to be off by several million dollars from what was expected , Mr. Gelb said in an interview .
Mr. Gelb said that he and senior staff members have taken a 10 percent pay cut and that the rest of the staff would do so at the end of the fiscal year , which concludes after the season .
He said at least four expensive productions have been canceled or replaced next season as well .
Without drastic action across the board , he said , shortfalls could reach “ double - digit ” millions of dollars next season .
One person who attended a meeting with Mr. Gelb and spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid jeopardizing any future talks said he used the hypothetical figure of a $ 40 million deficit .
This season ’s budget is $ 291 million .
Guitar World ranks the 50 greatest guitar albums in rock and roll history .
50 ) The Doors , 1967 ( The Doors )
The Doors ’ stunning debut album established Jim Morrison as the shaman poet of the psychedelic explosion .
The Lizard King ’s darkly incandescent imagery captivated listeners like a pied piper ’s spell , but the Doors ’ hypnotic music is what held them rapt .
Serpentine riffs from Robbie Krieger ’s guitar danced in the magic gateway where Delta blues and ancient Indian ragas converge .
Organist Ray Manzarek wove swirling baroque arabesques , his steady left hand holding down the bass line .
Drummer John Densmore handled the beat with the supple freedom of a jazzman , leading band and singer on epic improvisational journeys .
Many kiddies came to the album through the edited - down AM radio hit version of “ Light My Fire . ”
There , they found themselves in a strange new world of Oedipal drama and mystical sensuality .
WHAT THEY SAID Ray Manzarek : “ The first Doors album was recorded on four - track , and it captured the way we played live .
Onstage , we ’d hit something every once in a while that was absolute transcendental magic .
Each of us was sending out these tentacles of energy concentration to each other .
Then the audience would get caught up in that wave of energy we were creating . ”
49 ) Ashes of the Wake , 2004 ( Lamb of God )
Major labels have been known to destroy a band ’s soul , but entering the big leagues actually helped Lamb of God deliver their first truly lethal blow .
Their previous two albums were musically engaging and technically sophisticated but lacked artistic direction and , just as crucial , financing .
Then came big - budget producer Machine , who worked with guitarists Willie Adler and Mark Morton to excise the extraneous elements without detracting from their jawdropping musicianship .
Sometimes the axmen riff in tandem , other times they play against one another , but either way , they always demolish .
Ashes may be leaner than its predecessors , but its more focused and precise , annihilating like a precision sharpshooter instead of a messy serial killer .
WHAT THEY SAID Mark Morton : “ We ’ll always be a thrash metal band , but I ’m interested in exploring what we can get away with within the boundaries of the genre . ”
48 ) Boston , 1976 ( Boston )
When Boston 's self - titled first album was released in the fall of 1976 , few industry insiders thought that a guitar - heavy rock record could make much of a dent in the charts , much less become the best - selling debut of all time .
“ Everybody thought that it was impossible , because disco ruled the airwaves at the time , ” recalls Boston leader Tom Scholz .
“ But we stumbled onto a sound that worked , and soon everybody was imitating it . ”
It may have been unlikely that an album dominated by brawny riffs , harmonized guitar leads and multilayered vocal workouts would capture the imagination of America ’s bell - bottomed youth .
What was positively bizarre was the source of this blockbuster .
Scholz was hardly your typical rock - star - in - waiting ; then 29 , he was a gangly project manager for Polaroid , with a Master ’s degree from M.I.T. in engineering , who spent his off hours writing and recording in his basement .
“ I was basically a dork that hit the books and liked to build things and did all of the things that you were n’t supposed to do to be popular , ” he says .
“ But somehow I ended up onstage , playing guitar in front of everybody else . ”
It ’s likely this very dorkiness — along with the fact that Boston vocalist Brad Delp had a throat of gold and a staggering range — that engendered Boston ’s success .
For who but a died - in - the - wool braniac could compose , arrange , record and perform most of the guitar , keyboard and bass parts on an album — in his basement no less — and produce such powerful results ?
Even 30 years after its original release , Boston is still widely regarded as one of the best - sounding rock albums of all time , and when tracks like “ More Than a Feeling ” and “ Rock & Roll Band ” come on the radio , few can resist indulging in fits of fleet - fingered air guitar and a spirited falsetto sing - along .
And now , according to Scholz , the album , along with it ’s most - solid follow up , Do n’t Look Back , sound even better , as they were painstakingly remastered by the guitarist himself for a new set of deluxe reissues .
47 ) A Night at the Opera , 1975 ( Queen )
It was the first of two Queen albums to be named after a Marx Brothers film comedy .
A Night at the Opera was Queen ’s fourth album and the disc that established them as a completely unique entity in rock music , quite distinct from the Seventies glam / proto metal pack with which they ’d formerly been grouped .
Freddie Mercury ’s ambitious , bombastic , campy and grandiloquent compositional proclivities were just the thing to encourage young Brian May ’s adventurous ideas about multitracked guitar orchestration .
Eccentric British producer Roy Thomas
Baker was more than happy to oblige the boys , piling on the overdubs until the analog 16 - track tape shed almost all its oxide and literally went transparent .
WHAT THEY SAID Brian May : “ Freddie would come into the studio with sheets and sheets of paper with notes scribbled all over them in his own particular fashion — not conventional music notation , but As and Bs and Cs and sharps and flats in little blocks , like busses zooming all over his bits of paper .
He had it all in his head .
We just helped him bring it to life . ”
46 ) Metallica , 1991 ( Metallica )
Metallica , a.k.a. the Black Album , is either the band ’s musical high point or the beginning of its downfall .
For the album , Metallica enlisted Mötley Crüe producer Bob Rock , who added a previously nonexistent warmth and depth to their sound .
Metallica slowed down the tempos , streamlined the arrangements and set their sights on mainstream glory .
The results were in every way better than anyone could have predicted : “ Enter Sandman , ” “ Sad But True ” and “ Wherever I May Roam ” are three of the most direct and compelling tunes in Metallica ’s catalog , and the album ’s incredible success made them the biggest band in the world .
WHAT THEY SAID Kirk Hammett : “ We wanted to create a different record and offer something new to our audience .
I hate it when bands stop taking chances .
A lot of bands put out the same record three or four times , and we did n’t want to fall into that rut . ”
45 ) Badmotorfinger , 1991 ( Soundgarden )
The two biggest grunge albums of 1991 , Nirvana ’s Nevermind and Pearl Jam’s
Ten , appropriated tried - and - true rock styles and passed them off them as something radically new .
Badmotorfinger was their polar opposite , an album of songs that , on the surface , seemed a piece with archetypal hard rock , but were full of odd time signatures , atonal guitar noise , unusual chord choices and various other quirks .
Chris Cornell ’s extraordinary pipes ( and often bare chest ) soaked up most of the accolades , but the band ’s rhythm section was beyond reproach , and guitarist Kim Thayil was always one of hard rock ’s most idiosyncratic and inventive players .
WHAT THEY SAID Kim Thayil : “ Your lack of technique can be part of your style .
The thing about style is that it ’s more entertaining , more important and hopefully more intellectual than technique . ”
44 ) Hate Crew Deathroll , 2003 ( Children of Bodom )
Employing the same murderous , single - minded intensity as the “ Reaper ” figure on their CD artwork , Finnish metal madmen Children of Bodom slashed their way to stateside recognition with their fourth album , Hate Crew Deathroll .
Alexi Laiho ’s blindingly fast lead runs established him as a guitar hero for the new millennium , but the abundance of catchy hooks , cartoonish lyrics and almost comically cheesy keyboards on tracks like “ Sixpounder , ” “ Bodom Beach Terror ” and “ Triple Corpse Hammerblow ” flashed a blood - encrusted middle finger to anyone who dared to pigeonhole Bodom as one - dimensional speedsters .
WHAT THEY SAID Alexi Laiho : “ To me , our music is just metal ; it ’s not black metal , it ’s not death metal , it ’s not thrash .
But I do n’t really care what people call it , as long as they do n’t call it power metal . ”
43 ) Pronounced Leh - Nerd Skin-Nerd , 1973 ( Lynyrd Skynyrd )
The Allman Brothers may have been the first southern rock band , but Lynyrd Skynyrd and their three - guitar army ( Allen Collins , Ed King and Gary Rossington ) set the standard for the good ( the Outlaws ) , bad ( Black Oak Arkansas ) and ugly ( Molly Hatchet ) to follow .
“ Free Bird ” rocks like a redneck “ Stairway to Heaven , ” but with no bustling hedgerows or May queens to confuse your average Earl Hickey or Larry the Cable Guy — just a simple ode to sweet freedom , concluding with five uninterrupted minutes of hot dueling - guitar boogie .
“ Gimme Three Steps , ” “ Simple Man ” and “ I Ain’t the One ” served up the tastiest licks to emerge from the South since Colonel Sanders perfected his original recipe .
WHAT THEY SAID Gary Rossington : “ ‘ Free Bird ’ is just a love song .
I thank God that people dig it and that it got so big , but it just took a minute to write .
I guess it had some kind of magic about it . ”
42 ) Follow the Leader , 1998 ( Korn )
With every late - Nineties aggro band openly biting the Bakersfield Five ’s extreme detuned , hip - hop / metal hybrid style , Korn had every reason to be as cocky as the title of their third album suggests .
The band were so confident of their trailblazer status that they went disco on the album ’s first single , “ Got the Life , ” enlisted Fred Durst for the battle rap “ All in the Family , ” and had lead singer Jonathan Davis scatsing the breakdown on “ Freak on a Leash . ”
But the true stars are Munky and Head , whose seven - string guitars grunt and slither through the mix , spitting out shards of corrosive , twisted metal at every turn .
WHAT THEY SAID James “ Munky ” Shaffer : “ We found a happy medium between selling a lot of records and making the music we love .
Do n’t expect our music to get any softer .
If anything , it ’s going to get sicker . ”
41 ) Highway 61 Revisited , 1965 ( Bob Dylan )
On a rainy day in 1965 , Michael Bloomfield walked into Columbia Records ’ studio on Seventh Avenue in New York City , trailing Bob Dylan and carrying his soaked , caseless Telecaster .
He wiped the guitar off , sat down , plugged in and made history .
Bloomfield ’s playing on Dylan ’s Highway 61 Revisited is revolutionary .
His ringing licks on “ Like a Rolling Stone ” are among the most distinctive guitar signatures in the history of rock songwriting .
Jimi Hendrix copied them outright when he performed the tune .
Then there ’s Bloomfield ’s darting melodies and moaning bent - stringed solos on “ Tombstone Blues , ” his sensitive accompaniment to Dylan ’s harmonica and piano on “ It Takes a Lot to Laugh , It Takes a Train to Cry , ” and his bell - like slide tones and shivering vibrato on the title track .
Throughout the sessions , Dylan ’s spontaneous method of recording put Bloomfield ’s improvisational skills and sonic vocabulary to the test , and the guitarist aced every turn .
When the album was completed , Bloomfield had arrived at the nexus of blues and rock , paving the way for the genre blending of Hendrix , Jeff Beck , Cream and Led Zeppelin .
Dylan had found Bloomfield in Chicago , where the then - 22 - year - old had abandoned his silver - spoon upbringing for the gritty stages of the South Side .
There he apprenticed beside Muddy Waters , Howlin ’ Wolf and Big Joe Williams , along with his peers Paul Butterfield , Charlie Musselwhite , Nick Gravenites and Elvin Bishop , all of whom , like Bloomfield , played a role in making blues accessible for a hip young white audience .
By the time Bloomfield recorded with Dylan and joined the troubadour ’s first electric band , he had assimilated what he could from the Chicago masters and built up his fingerpicking skills by absorbing , through records , the techniques of country legend Merle Travis and the ragtime style of Blind Blake .
( For an overview of Bloomfield ’s command of blues styles , check out his semi-instructional album If You Love These Blues , Play ’ Em As You Please . )
Highway 61 Revisited introduced Bloomfield to the mainstream , but his next major recording , 1966 ’s East - West with the Butterfield Blues Band , had an even more potent effect on the world of guitar .
His playing on the album is as knotty , dramatic and unpredictable as his troubled psyche .
The tune “ East - West , ” a 13 - minute exploratory fusion of blues and Indian modality that features Bloomfield ’s and Bishop ’s guitars , flipped the switch for long - form rock improvisation .
His shimmering slide licks and shrieking , treble - toned lead on “ Walking Shoes , ” akin to Hubert Sumlin ’s playing on Howlin ’
Wolf classics like “ Killing Floor , ” are ghostly , needling , vicious and patently unforgettable .
On the band ’s showcase , “ Work Song , ” Bloomfield ’s melodies climb through scales in a manner closer to free - jazz saxophonist John Coltrane than to B.B. King , balancing chromatic ascents and descents with radically slurred bends and off - the - beat accents .
And Bloomfield ’s linear single - note playing on “ I Got a Mind to Give Up Living , ” which acknowledges his debt to King with wrist - shaking vibrato , captures the soulful essence of simmering slow blues .
Sadly , the rest of Bloomfield ’s career was entwined with a spiral of mental illness , insomnia and drug abuse .
He recorded at least one other exceptional album , the 1968 jam - based Super Session with Al Kooper , who played organ on Highway 61 Revisited , but by then Bloomfield ’s behavior had become erratic .
He departed in the middle of the sessions , leaving Kooper to call in Stephen Stills to finish the recording .
For the next 13 years , Bloomfield ricocheted between occasional live performances , uneven recordings for a series of mostly independent labels and outright disappearances from the music scene .
On February 15 , 1981 , he was found dead of an overdose in his car , parked on a side street in San Francisco .
He was 37 .
40 ) Electric Ladyland , 1968 ( Jimi Hendrix )
The third album by the Jimi Hendrix Experience , Electric Ladyland , ranks among the greatest rock double albums of all time .
The sprawling set captures many different aspects of Hendrix ’s genius .
The concise songcraft he ’d perfected on the band ’s previous album , Axis : Bold As Love , is well represented on Electric Ladyland classics like “ Crosstown Traffic , " “ Long Hot Summer Night ” and “ House Burning Down . ”
Other selections , like the classic “ Voodoo Chile ” and “ Rainy Day , Dream Away , ” have more of a loose , open - ended jam quality .
On other tracks , like the brilliant “ 1983 ” suite , Hendrix created shimmering soundscapes of strange and wondrous beauty .
His playing had gone beyond mere virtuosity ; for him the guitar had become a tonal instrument of great subtlety and expressiveness from which he could evoke a rainbow spectrum of moods and textures .
Work on Electric Ladyland began at Olympic Studios in London , site of sessions for Hendrix ’s two previous albums , Are You Experienced and Axis .
Midway through , the project hopped from London to New York ’s newly opened Record Plant , the first in a new breed of hip , rock - oriented recording facilities .
Technology was evolving rapidly in 1968 when Electric Ladyland was created .
The album sessions started out on fourtrack tape , but then moved to the short - lived l2 - track tape format and then on to 16 - track .
Hendrix put this miraculous new multiplicity of tracks to good use , piling on inventive overdubs and augmenting the Experience ’s power trio sound with new instrumentation , such as the sax , congas and Hammond organ that grace “ Rainy Day , Dream Away ” and “ Still Raining , Still Dreaming . ”
Jimi had become friendly with the band Traffic , then enjoying great popularity , and many members of that band ended up on Electric Ladyland .
Guitarist Dave Mason played acoustic on early sessions for Jimi ’s recording of Bob Dylan ’s “ Along the Watchtower . ” Flutist Chris Wood appears on “ 1983 , ” and organist Steve Winwood rips it up on “ Voodoo Child , ” as does Jefferson Airplane bassist Jack Cassidy .
Hendrix had run into the latter two musicians one night at New York ’s hip Scene club and invited them back to the Record Plant to cut tracks .
Clearly , his social life was starting to intersect with his studio work .
But all the hanging out and sonic experimentation was a little too much for Hendrix ’s manager Chas Chandler , who walked out on sessions for Electric Ladyland and resigned his post .
Fame and fortune had taken their toll on Hendrix ’s relationship with bassist Noel Redding and drummer Mitch Mitchell as well .
The three parted company soon after Electric Ladyland was released , making the album a glorious last hurrah for the Jimi Hendrix Experience .
FUN FACT
To create the opening riff on “ Crosstown Traffic , ” Hendrix sang through a comb covered with a piece of tissue paper .
This old vaudevillian trick creates a sound like that of a kazoo .
39 ) Disraeli Gears , 1967 ( Cream )
When the dust settled and the hype died down , it became clear that Cream ’s debut album — 1966 ’s Fresh Cream — had been a solid success rather than a phenomenon .
Had the album been recorded by any other trio of musicians , it would have been deemed a massive achievement .
But given the pedigree of Eric Clapton ( guitar / vocals ) , Jack Bruce ( bass / vocals ) and Ginger Baker ( drums ) , nothing less than a masterpiece would suffice .
Fresh Cream , some said , was n’t so fresh .
It had too many covers and too little punch .
It was an opinion shared by Cream ’s U.S. label , Atlantic Records , who pushed the group to record its second album at the company ’s New York studios .
Upon arrival , the band members were introduced to the production team of Tom Dowd and Felix Pappalardi .
The former was a seasoned engineer with the ability to tame Cream ’s sound ; the latter , a visionary who would prove central to Disraeli Gears .
“ He was like an A&R man , ” Clapton recalls of Pappalardi , “ who would take what we had and make it more evolved . ”
As it turned out , Pappalardi ’s approach was more revolution than evolution .
One of the first things the band laid down in New York was a version of “ Hey Lawdy Mama , ” a fairly standard 12 - bar workout .
In short order , Pappalardi twisted it into the pop psychedelia of “ Strange Brew . ”
“ Felix turned it into a [ Paul ] McCartney - esque pop song , ” recalls Clapton , who reluctantly agreed to play on the track when it was decided he could add a blues solo .
“ That was like an unspoken deal : if I gave in and played on this pop song , I could play an Albert King guitar solo . ”
Like all the best albums , the recording of Disraeli Gears was characterized by an underlying tension .
Cream ’s management was keen to push Clapton into the spotlight as the frontman and resistant to some of Bruce ’s songs , many cowritten with lyricist Pete Brown .
“ I was kinda gutted , ” recalls Bruce , “ because I ’d mostly been the lead singer . ”
Despite this , it was clear that Cream had found another gear , both in their own compositions and their interpretative skills .
“ SWLABR ” was an angular stomper that dealt with , as Pete Brown put it , “ the war between the sexes . ”
“ Dance the Night Away ” was a hypnotic wig - out inspired by the Byrds ’ “ Eight Miles High . ” “ We ’re Going Wrong ” was an atmospheric romantic complaint that had its origins in an argument between Bruce and his wife , while equally memorable was the cover of Blind Joe Reynolds ’ “ Outside Woman Blues . ”
“ I had a predisposition to take things from the early history of blues and adapt them for a rock outfit , ” Clapton says of this last number .
One track stood out above the others .
The descending riff of “ Sunshine of Your Love ” had been created by Bruce and Brown as they sat up writing late into the night , and after Clapton provided the perfect counter - melody on guitar , it sounded like nothing else around at the time .
Only label boss Ahmet Ertegun failed to recognize the song ’s potential .
“ He called it ‘ psychedelic hogwash ’ , ” remembers Bruce .
History , of course , has proved Ertegun wrong .
“ Sunshine of Your Love ” was the springboard that broke Cream in mainstream America , the flash of true genius that alerted people to its parent album and brought them in droves to the band ’s exhausting tours of the States .
Cream were , in many ways , the perfect band , and Disraeli Gears was their finest hour .
The record drips with formidable talent , while addressing the everyman issues of passion , selfdoubt , hatred and , most important , volume .
Turn it up loud , and remember them this way .
38 ) Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness , 1995 ( The Smashing Pumpkins )
Selling boatloads of copies of Siamese Dream freed Billy Corgan to unleash his inner overachiever .
On this wildly ambitious and overly indulgent double CD ( 28 songs , clocking in at over two hours ) , Corgan and his approval - hungry bandmates pulled out all the stops .
The resulting album was n’t so much a display of disparate musical styles as it was a study in contrasts , that of pulverizing , guitar - driven metal ( “ Tales of a Scorched Earth , ” “ Jellybelly ” ) and serene lullabies ( “ Cupid De Locke , ” “ By Starlight ” ) .
The hit single “ 1979 ” stood out like a rush of fresh spring air , evoking yearning for youthful days gone by .
Whether raging in a cage or cooing like a lovesick Romeo , Corgan had his cake and ate it , too , on this dense , overstuffed confection .
WHAT THEY SAID Billy Corgan : “ It was basically a big ‘ fuck off ’ to anyone who has doubted us as a band .
In a positive way , I wanted to really embrace the notions of creativity , to just go as far out as we wanted to go and not get too hung up about the commercial aspects . ”
37 ) Elephant , 2003 ( The White Stripes )
Has their ever been a band as deliciously subversive as the White Stripes ?
When they were n’t taunting the media and their fans with biographical falsehoods about being siblings , the formerly wed Jack and Meg White were exploiting their minimalist musical setup to create a songbook that incorporates American folk , blues and garage punk .
Elephant , the band ’s fourth full - length album and a flat - out stunner , finds the Stripes by turns teasing , provoking or pledging eternal love .
It ’s every bit a passion play as Fleetwood Mac ’s Rumours .
On the vicious guitar blues breaker “ Ball and Biscuit , ” Jack is all sexual swagger , while on “ I Want to Be the Boy to Warm Your Mother ’s Heart , ” he assumes the aw - shucks pose of Mr. Innocence .
For her part , Meg turns in a winning vocal performance on the spooky “ In the Cold , Cold Night . ”
Sexy , hypnotic and cathartic art rock you can play air guitar to .
WHAT THEY SAID Jack
White : “ We never premeditate much when it comes to recording .
When I first walked in , I thought it was going to be a quieter record , but right after we got into the studio , we wrote the song ‘ Ball and Biscuit , ’ and that made us go back and make some of the other songs more powerful . ”
36 ) Vulgar Display of Power , 1992 ( Pantera )
That dude getting his face rearranged on this album ’s cover ?
It ’s nothing compared to the sonic pummeling Pantera unleashed upon listener ’s ears with their second major - label effort .
A thundering thrash / hardcore amalgam , Vulgar Display of Power is not only Pantera ’s best album but the best metal album of the Nineties , period .
Its 11 tracks , which include such imposing classics as “ Mouth for War ” and “ Walk , ” are imbued with a passion , confidence and white - hot intensity that countless current metal acts still vainly attempt to match .
“ We stand alone , ” sings Phil Anselmo on “ Fucking Hostile , ” and he ’s right on .
In 1992 , no one could touch Vulgar .
They still can’t .
WHAT THEY SAID Dimebag Darrell : “ A lot of bands whine about the road and how tough it is .
Fuck all that .
There ’s obviously gonna be highs and lows , and the trick to it is to be able to maintain composure and stay high even when you ’re in the lows .
That way when you hit the highs it ’ll be twice as killer . ”
35 ) 1984 , 1983 ( Van Halen )
Keyboards .
What had the world come to ?
The better question was , what had become of Eddie Van Halen , that avatar of unbridled guitar showmanship ?
By placing keyboards front and center on 1984 hits like “ Jump ” and “ I ’ll Wait , ” the guitarist had led many to assume he ’d lost both his mind and his touch ?
In fact , keyboards had been an object of growing fascination for Eddie for years ( check out the heavily distorted synth that formed the bedrock of 1980 ’s “ And the Cradle Will Rock ” ) .
But one listen to turbocharged tracks like “ Panama , ” “ Top Jimmy ” and the joyous guitar solo in “ Jump ” made it clear that the lightning celerity of Eddie ’s ax work had n’t dimmed by a long shot .
WHAT THEY SAID Eddie Van Halen : “ I just go with whatever comes out .
I ca n’t help the fact that I ’ve written ‘ Ca n’t Stop Loving You ’ or ‘ Jump . ’
Do n’t blame me .
Actually , if I could deliberately sit down and write a pop hit , all my songs would be pop hits ! ”
34 ) The Joshua Tree , 1987 ( U2 )
Seven years after their debut , U2 were the world ’s biggest band .
They were also in a rut .
The Edge ’s pedal - drenched guitar sounds , once U2 ’s shibboleth , had become a crutch , and worse , a cliché .
Prodded by maverick producers Brian Eno and Daniel Lanois , the band tossed out its old sound and threw its arms around the U.S. of A .
In many ways , The Joshua Tree is one big bear hug to the great American songbook .
Blues , gospel , folk — U2 absorbed the ghosts and spirits of each genre , so the church choir epiphanies of “ I Still Have n’t Found What I ’m Looking For ” and the Hendrix -y sonic squalls of “ Bullet the Blue Sky ” came off as more than credible impressions .
WHAT THEY SAID The Edge : “ It was an important record for us .
It was a breakthrough , sure , but we always try to use our breakthroughs to lead us somewhere else . ”
33 ) Toxicity , 2001 ( System of a Down )
There ’s so much unorthodox stuff going on here , it ’s amazing that this record turned System from cult heroes into rock stars .
Toxicity is a zany , diverse and sometimes contrary mix of sonic styles that explodes like a cluster bomb .
The band seems to have tapped the riffage of Anthrax and Slayer , the lunacy of Frank Zappa , the politics of Dead Kennedys , the sensitivity of acoustic Red Hot Chili Peppers and the ethnic color of Greek and Armenian music .
What holds it together is the outstanding musicianship and clever arrangements of guitarist Daron Malakian , a schizophrenic misanthrope with an equal taste for death metal and pop .
WHAT THEY SAID Daron Malakian : “ I think people know we do n’t care about rules , about acceptance or becoming stars .
We did n’t get into this to be some dudes at the mall who have a bunch of teenagers chase after them .
That ’s not our goal . ”
32 ) Mafia , 2005 ( Black Label Society )
Given Zakk
Wylde ’s prolific work habits , it ’s often been hard to keep up with the steady flow of Black Label releases .
Mafia stands out from the rest of the BLS discography thanks to its emotional ballads “ In This River ” and “ Dirt on the Grave . ”
Written before the murder of Wylde ’s buddy Dimebag Darrell , the songs took on added significance in the wake of his untimely death .
Of course , no BLS album would be complete without some alcohol - fueled hard rock , and Mafia boasts more than its fair share , culminating with a hidden ( but totally smokin ’ ) cover of Lynyrd Skynyrd ’s “ I Never Dreamed . ”
WHAT THEY SAID Zakk Wylde : “ All Black Label records are recorded the same way .
We just get a shitload of booze , go down to the studio and press ‘ record . ’ ”
31 ) Passion and Warfare , 1990 ( Steve Vai )
Steve Vai once described Passion and Warfare as “ Jimi Hendrix meets Jesus Christ at a party that Ben Hur threw for Mel Blanc . ”
A bracing and , at times , exhaustive collection of some of the most challenging guitar instrumentals ever committed to tape , Passion and Warfare runs the gamut from rock - out - with - your - cock - out bombast ( “ The Audience Is Listening ” ) to deeply spiritual workouts ( “ For the Love of God ” ) .
Before recording the latter track , Vai has admitted to fasting , meditating and abstaining from sex for 10 days .
We ca n’t think of a better impetus to nail a song on the first take .
WHAT THEY SAID Steve Vai : “ For each project I do , I try to get a vision of the entire project as a whole and create an atmosphere for that project .
With Passion and Warfare , I wanted to make a bigger - sounding record with a lot more production and orchestration .
It was a very dense and complex album . ”
30 ) British Steel , 1980 ( Judas Priest )
Judas Priest 's 1980 masterpiece was n’t just the archetypal metal album ; it was also a powerful social critique .
Written as Britain ’s steelworkers began a general strike , British Steel was a reflection of the growing discontent at the dawn of the [ Prime Minister Margaret ]
Thatcher years .
From the mission statement of “ Breaking the Law ” to the confrontational rabble - rousing of “ United , ” the album ’s track listing reads like a call to arms .
The songs are laced with empathy and aggression , bound together by the theme of defiance in the face of misfortune .
“ It was definitely a statement , ” says guitarist Glenn Tipton .
Priest were already respected , but they needed a truly classic album to match their visual flair and live prowess .
They finally got one in early 1980 , as the band and producer Tom Allom headed into the Startling Studios at Tittenhurst Park .
Located within the former Berkshire estate of John Lennon , the studio was rented out as recording space by Lennon ’s former bandmate Ringo Starr , who ’d purchased the estate in 1973 .
“ There were some funny things , ” recalls vocalist Rob Halford .
“ Like , in John ’s bedroom , there were two loos side by side , with a plaque behind each one .
One says ‘ John ’ and the other says ‘ Yoko . ’ ”
As it turned out , Tittenhurst would play a major role in the recording of British Steel .
Having decided that the studio was n’t working , the band took over the house itself , recording the drums in the marble entrance hall and the Tipton and K.K.
Downing ’s duelling guitar parts in a huge room that created arena - like atmospherics .
Soon enough , the group ’s imagination was running riot : “ Metal Gods ” featuring the sound of doors being slammed and trays of cutlery being dropped , and “ Breaking the Law ” including the sound of smashed milk bottles and a police siren emulated on a guitar .
“ In those days , we used to invent everything we could , ” says Tipton .
“ It was a fun album to do . ”
British Steel was the turning point .
It marked the moment when Judas Priest broke America ( thanks largely to the airplay of “ Living After Midnight ” ) , while staying true to their parochial Midlands roots .
“ After British Steel , ” notes Halford , “ things just notched into another gear .
It just exploded . ”
29 ) Reign In Blood , 1986 ( Slayer )
For their third full - length Slayer teamed up with producer Rick Rubin , who sharpened the guitars until they slashed and hacked like rusted razors , convinced Tom Araya to ( mostly ) ditch the castrato screams and instructed Dave Lombardo to beat his drums like Godzilla stomping out Tokyo .
The result ?
An instant classic , bookended by two of metal ’s most terrifying tunes : “ Angel of Death , ” the song responsible for Slayer ’s being hit with Nazi sympathizer accusations for the past two decades , and “ Raining Blood , ” to this day still the band ’s main set closer because , honestly , what the hell are you gonna follow it with ?
WHAT THEY SAID Kerry King : “ When we started , nobody was doing what we did .
Metallica , Anthrax , Megadeth were all playing fast , but Reign in Blood was a new frontier . ”
28 ) OK Computer , 1997 ( Radiohead )
The fire and skill of Radiohead ’s three - guitar frontline first drew major attention on 1995 ’s The Bends .
Two years later , these Brits upped the ante with OK Computer , creating a captivating brand of space rock .
While singer Thom Yorke handled the rhythm guitar parts , guitarist Jonny Greenwood took on the more “ traditional ” lead work ( those freakazoid solos on the epic “ Paranoid Android ” are his doing ) and Ed O’Brien specialized in wacky noises ( that ’s him pushing an AMS digital delay to its breaking point at the end of “ Karma Police ” ) .
Lauded by critics , musicians and fans alike , OK Computer is arguably the most influential rock guitar album of the past decade .
WHAT THEY SAID Jonny Greenwood : “ Our ears get bored very quickly .
Sometimes a guitar plugged into an amplifier is n’t really enough .
So you hear sounds in your head , or on a record , and you say , ‘ I want it to sound like this . ’
And sometimes it wo n’t — I can’t play the trumpet , so it ’s not going to sound like Miles Davis .
But we aim for these things and end up with our own garbled version . ”
27 ) Moving Pictures , 1981 ( Rush )
A keyboard - heavy , new wave / hard rock amalgam , Moving Pictures contains no proggy sci-fi tunes about rebellious trees or Syrinx - dwelling priests .
Instead , we get one song named after a Mark Twain character and another based on a short story about a freakin’ car .
The thing is , both songs —
“ Tom Sawyer ” and “ Red Barchetta , ” respectively — totally rule , as does the crunchy , crystalline “ Limelight , ” which features a stellar wang barabusing solo by Alex Lifeson .
Add the Morse code cribbing instrumental “ YYZ , ” and you have that rare beast that classic rock radio used to refer to as the Perfect Album Side .
WHAT THEY SAID Alex Lifeson : “ If we ’ve influenced a generation of bands or musicians , it ’s because they look at Rush and think , Here ’s a band that was n’t popular in a mainstream way , yet they ’ve been around for 30 years . ”
26 ) Alive ! , 1975 ( Kiss )
Although renowned for their elaborate stage shows that filled arenas , Kiss ’ albums were stiffing .
Shrewdly , the band recorded Alive ! , an album that packed all of the excitement of their live act into a two - record set .
Listeners got the feeling that they were front - row center for white - hot takes on “ Deuce , ” “ Strutter , ” “ Black Diamond ” and “ Cold Gin . ”
So vivid were the performances , one could almost smell the smoke emanating from Ace Frehley ’s guitar .
The live version of the previously released “ Rock and Roll All Nite ” became a radio staple , making Alive !
a massive hit and perhaps the first album that inspired basement tailgate parties .
Gene Simmons ’ ego ( and bank account ) would never be the same .
WHAT THEY SAID Gene Simmons : “ The record exploded and immediately the world changed for us .
For the next three years straight , we were the number - one band in the Gallup Poll , above the Beatles and everyone else .
It quickly became larger than life .
And all you had to do was look out into the audience and see everyone with painted faces to understand it . ”
25 ) Peace Sells ... But Who 's Buying ? , 1986 ( Megadeth )
Recorded with the assistance of massive amounts of drugs and booze , Megadeth ’s sophomore album and commercial breakthrough cemented Dave Mustaine ’s status as both thrash metal ’s blackest sheep and baddest dude .
Tracks like “ Wake Up Dead , ” “ Devil ’s Island ” and the MTV fave “ Peace Sells ” are fueled by his sneering vocals , piss - and - vinegar lyrics and rapid - fire riffs , and fortified with technically dizzying performances by fusion guitar whiz Chris Poland and jazzbo drummer Gar Samuelson .
The cover of Willie Dixon ’s “ I Ain’t Superstitious ” may be a tad blasphemous , but no more so than the band ’s subsequent slaughtering of “ Anarchy in the U.K . ”
WHAT THEY SAID Dave Mustaine : “ I do n’t care what anybody says ; they can talk shit about me all they want .
I ’ve accomplished more in my career than most people can do in two or three lifetimes . ”
24 ) Rising Force , 1984 ( Yngwie J. Malmsteen )
In the Eighties , very few guitarists could make Edward Van Halen quiver in his Converse , but of all the great players that emerged from that decade , Swedish - born Yngwie J. Malmsteen came the closest .
Like Van Halen , Yngwie rewrote the book on rock soloing .
By combining a distinctly Bach - influenced compositional style with the raw psychedelic fury of Deep Purple ’s Ritchie Blackmore , he created a new language that has been adopted by at least three decades of metal guitar virtuosos .
Malmsteen ’s razzle - dazzle technique is evident on all of his albums , but Rising Force , his first release with his own band , is considered his best and most revolutionary .
Never before had a rock guitarist played with such breathtaking speed and precision .
Yngwie ’s gonzo command of exotic scales , sweep - arpeggios and chromatic runs was every bit as innovative as Van Halen ’s use of tapping and false harmonics .
And even though Yngwie ’s larger - than - life personality and huge ego is the stuff of legends , this recording proves he ’s always had the goods to back up his biggest brag .
WHAT THEY SAID Yngwie Malmsteen : “ ‘ Black Star ’ and ‘ Far Beyond the Sun ’ from that album sort of sum up my style .
There are fast runs , slow harmonies and some really nice arpeggios in them .
I ’ll probably play those songs until the day I die . ”
23 ) Who 's Next , 1971 ( The Who )
In the early Seventies , still buzzing from the success of Tommy , Pete Townshend labored long and hard on an elaborate concept piece called Lifehouse .
Embracing everything from Sufi mysticism to avant - garde electronic composition , it proved unrealizable , even for a supergroup of the Who ’s stature .
So the band took nine of the best songs from the project , went into the studio with producer Glynn Johns and emerged with one of the greatest rock and roll albums of all time .
From the skittering synth telepathy that kicks off “ Baba O’Riley ” to the final crashing power chords of “ Wo n’t Get Fooled Again , ” this is rock on an epic scale , and an album that captures Townshend , singer Roger Daltrey , bassist John Entwistle and drummer Keith Moon at the height of their formidable powers .
WHAT THEY SAID Pete Townshend : “ I ’d been fucking damaged by the Lifehouse project .
In the end I had an actual nervous breakdown .
So by the time we were in the studio making Who ’s Next , we had great music and we were playing great because we ’d already recorded the album something , like , 15 fucking times ! ”
22 ) Wish You Were Here , 1975 ( Pink Floyd )
A lot was resting on Pink Floyd ’s collective shoulders as they entered EMI ’s Abbey Road Studios in 1975 to make Wish You Were Here .
Their previous album , Dark Side of the Moon , had been a massive success , and the pressure was on them to come up with something just as remarkable , both artistically and commercially .
Bassist Roger Waters and drummer Nick Mason were working through marital strained relations , which would end in divorce for both couples .
Within Abbey Road , Waters and guitarist David Gilmour were quarreling over musical direction — the early stages of a friction that flared into an all - out conflagration by the time the group made The Wall some four years later .
In these volatile relationships , Waters found his grand theme for Wish You Were Here : the music business itself , and its tendency to crush the dreams of those who pursue fame , fortune and a chance at creative self - expression .
As in the past , Waters made the central figure of the piece Syd Barrett , Pink Floyd ’s original leader , who had had cracked under the pressure of stardom and become too mentally unstable to continue with the group .
It is Barrett who served as the inspiration for Waters ’ “ Shine On You Crazy Diamond , ” a messianic martyr to the soulless mechanisms of the music biz .
The ominous “ Welcome to the Machine ” and the unctuously disquieting “ Have a Cigar ” rank among Waters ’ darkest compositions .
But David Gilmour ’s yearning lead guitar lines shoot rays of light and glimpses of hope throughout the album .
His playing on the epic “ Shine On You Crazy Diamond , ” which both opens and closes the album , ranks among his greatest guitar work .
As is often the case in Pink Floyd ’s oeuvre , Waters and Gilmour manage to counterbalance one another with yin / yang poise .
In “ Wish You Were Here , ” Waters calls out to the absent Barrett , evoking him as a comrade and counterpart .
( After Barrett ’s departure , the job of leading Pink Floyd fell to Waters . )
And while Waters ’ concepts and lyrics would see the band through numerous artistic triumphs , here he seems keenly aware of the dangers of falling over the edge .
WHAT THEY SAID David Gilmour : “ Wish You Were Here is about the feeling we were left with at the end of Dark Side , that feeling of ‘ What do you do when you ’ve done everything ? ’
But I think we got over that .
And for me , Wish You Were Here is the most satisfying album .
I really love it .
I mean , I ’d rather listen to that than Dark Side of the Moon , because I think we achieved a better balance of music and lyrics on Wish You Were Here . ”
21 ) Rage Against the Machine , 1992 ( Rage Against the Machine )
They came out of L.A. at the dawn of the Nineties .
The aptly named Rage Against the Machine combined the ghetto anger of hip - hop and the testosterone fury of metal with a keenly felt political mandate to champion the oppressed and fight the abuses of privilege and power .
It was a new and exciting concept back then , and what really drove the point home was the fiercely disruptive guitar work of a Harvard educated young Marxist named Tom Morello .
The napalm cry of exploding bombs , the jagged rhythm of strafing machine guns —
Morello wrought seemingly impossible sounds with his ax and became an innovative and radical force in metal , as Hendrix and Van Halen had before him .
WHAT THEY SAID Tom Morello : “ Rather than being influenced by other guitarists , my playing in Rage was more influenced by hip - hop and techno DJs .
The rhythmic freedom they have to drop sounds into a track .
That ’s what I aspired to . ”
20 ) Surfing with the Alien , 1987 ( Joe Satriani )
Peaking at No. 29 , Surfing with the Alien was the first instrumental rock guitar record to crack the Billboard album charts since the Ventures ’
Sixties heyday , but , as its title suggests , this was surf music from another galaxy altogether .
From the new millennium blues of “ Satch Boogie ” to the cosmic lyricism of “ Always with Me , Always with You , ” Satriani dared to boldly go where no Shrapnel label artist had gone before by injecting harmony , humor and humanity into his outrageous displays of technique .
Unlike Jeff Beck on his jazz - inspired Wired and Blow by Blow albums , Satch aimed below the belt instead of at the brain , rocking out with balls - to - the - wall abandon .
WHAT THEY SAID Joe Satriani : “ ‘ Satch Boogie ’ was intended as an instrumental guitar “ barn burner ’ in the great tradition of tunes like ‘ Jeff ’s Boogie ’ by Jeff Beck or ‘ Steppin ’ Out ’ by Eric Clapton . ”
19 ) Exile on Main St. , 1972 ( The Rolling Stones )
The Stones were on a roll in the early Seventies , riding out a long creative streak .
It all peaked at Keith Richards ’ rented villa in the south of France amid scenes of rock - star decadence and epic consumption of intoxicants and drugs , including heroin .
Exile on Main St. is a sprawling double - disc set that distills the Stones ’ itchy blend of raw blues voodoo , shit - kickin ’ country honk , world - weary balladry and dirty old rock and roll .
Richards was wasted on smack but in top musical form , nonetheless , and coguitarist Mick Taylor was fitting like a glove .
Exile was a perfect moment in the summertime of rock that would never again be equaled by the Stones — or anyone else .
WHAT THEY SAID Keith Richards : “ Mick Taylor ’s a really shy guy .
I would n’t say that you ever get to know him .
I do n’t think anybody does .
But probably the closest I ever got to Mick was playing guitar on Exile on Main St . ”
18 ) Blood Sugar Sex Magik , 1991 ( The Red Hot Chili Peppers )
It came out of a haunted mansion in the Hollywood Hills — the album that established the Red Hot Chili Peppers as major - league contenders in the game of rock .
By this point , the Peppers had survived the Eighties L.A. punk scene , a head - spinning succession of personnel changes and the death of founding guitarist Hillel Slovak .
But now they had John Frusciante in the fold , not to mention producer Rick Rubin , who worked with the band for the first time on Blood Sugar Sex Magik .
There would be no Rage Against the Machine , nor any rap metal , without Blood Sugar ’s amalgam of funk , metal and hip - hop vocalizing .
WHAT THEY SAID Flea : “ That was the beginning of a new era for us .
Breaking into the mainstream was a real change in our lives .
Also it was a time when John brought a whole new concept into the band as a guitar player and songwriter .
It suddenly gave us so much more to draw from — a bigger launch pad for us all to get launched into outer space from . ”
Frusciante : “ Following the great creative peak of recording Blood Sugar , the positive feelings I had had began to dissipate . ”
17 ) The Number of the Beast , 1982 ( Iron Maiden )
“ You know when astrologers talk about a planetary lineup ? ” Iron Maiden ’s foghorn - in - chief Bruce Dickinson once mused .
“ Like , ‘ this conjunction only happens once in a blue moon ’ sort of thing ?
What you have with Number of the Beast is the musical equivalent . ”
The metaphor , while extravagant , was and is absolutely right .
Released in 1982 , Maiden ’s third album marked the moment when all the pieces fell into place for the British band .
Prior to its recording , Iron Maiden were a band in transition .
Paul Di’anno , the group ’s volatile frontman , walked out after the world tour for Maiden ’s second album , Killers .
While his departure lessened the group ’s internal friction , it also left a sizable void .
Di’anno was n’t the ideal metal singer — his stage presence owed more to the snarl and spittle of punk — but he was a vital ingredient in the band ’s growing success .
Now , the remaining members — bassist Steve Harris , guitarists Dave Murray and Adrian Smith , and drummer Clive Burr — faced the challenge of building upon their accomplishments with an unproven frontman .
What happened next is the stuff of modern mythology .
Dickinson , then the singer in Samson , had been watching Maiden from the pit on their tours — and thinking that he could do a rather better job of fronting them .
Word of his talent and aspirations reached Maiden ’s manager , who tracked him down at the Reading Festival and subsequently signed him to the band ’s lead singer slot .
The Beast lineup was in place , consolidated by the return of Martin Birch , the production legend who had given Killers its muscle and whose past clients included Deep Purple and Black Sabbath .
With little more than a desire to make a record that would maintain their career trajectory , Maiden headed into the Battery Studios to start work .
When they lef , they were armed with what many consider the most important metal album of the decade .
The Number of the Beast was anything but a lobotomized metal juggernaut .
Thanks in part to Dickinson — who , alongside his abilities as a vocalist , was obsessed with military history , fencing and literature — the new album combined its aggression with imagination and an awareness of culture .
The title track , for instance , was based on Tam O’ Shanter , a Robert Burns poem that Harris had read at school .
“ The Prisoner ” was inspired by the cult Sixties TV program of the same name ( and required the band ’s manager Rod Smallwood to seek permission from Patrick McGoohan to sample the dialog ) .
Meanwhile , the reflective “ Children of the Damned ” combined lyrics inspired by the classic horror film with Harris ’ love of prog -rock time signatures .
Inevitably , Maiden ’s detractors ignored Beast ’s kaleidoscope of subjects in their rush to condemn it as a youth - corrupting work of Satanism .
Some burned the record in mass bonfires ; others battered it into shards with hammers .
As the band toured the U.S. in support of the album , protesters showed up at gigs , dragging crosses and handing out leaflets .
“ Americans do tend to be over the top about things like that , ” says Harris .
Fortunately , the hand wringing of the minority could not change the fact that Maiden had found their audience .
Even with no airplay and little marketing , The Number of the Beast reached 33 on the Billboard Pop charts , earning a Gold disc the following year and going Platinum a few years later , setting up the band for the hallowed position they occupy to this day .
16 ) The Essential Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble , 2002 ( Stevie Ray Vaughan )
Stevie Ray Vaughan had a tremendous impact in his too - brief career , which featured just four studio albums and one live recording .
From the moment his debut , Texas Flood , hit the streets in 1983 , Vaughan made the world safe again for old - school blues - based rock and simultaneously took the music he loved into the future .
His impassioned , yet highly technical , style altered the perceived parameters of virtuoso guitar playing .
This two - CD collection features 33 of his best tracks , each beautifully remastered , and makes an excellent starting point for anyone who wants to dig into this modern master .
WHAT THEY SAID Stevie Ray Vaughan : “ If people tell me they do n’t want to hear a blues band because it brings them down , they ’re not paying attention at all .
I like a lot of different kinds of music , but if it does n’t have any soul I ca n’t relate to it . ”
15 ) Ten , 1991 ( Pearl Jam )
Although Pearl Jam rose from the ashes of Mother Love Bone ( whose singer , Andrew Wood , overdosed on heroin ) , Ten did n’t explode out of the box .
That would be the case with Nirvana ’s major - label debut , Nevermind .
Slowly , however , radio programmers in search of acceptable “ grunge ” to play alongside Led Zeppelin , U2 and Guns N’ Roses started spinning tracks like “ Alive ” and “ Even Flow . ”
What they discovered were songs that sounded great anytime , anywhere .
Between the urgent , highly distinctive timbre of Eddie Vedder ’s voice and the emotionally charged guitar playing of Mike McCready and Stone Gossard , commitment poured from Pearl Jam .
Music fans who viewed other grunge acts as too aloof ( or just too damned weird ) suddenly had new heroes .
WHAT THEY SAID Mike McCready : “ Eddie ’s lyrics are extremely honest .
People can tap into that .
They know something real is coming from that .
He ’s a man full of conviction .
That comes in his singing and writing , and hopefully our music backs that up . ”
14 ) Aenima , 1996 ( Tool )
Their 1993 debut , Undertow , was harsh and compelling , but Tool paved their more experimental future with Aenima , their sophomore outing .
The band ’s first major foray into epic structures and unconventional arrangements , Aenima showed that prog-metal need n’t sound like Dream Theater or Porcupine Tree .
While the songs are technical and challenging , they ’re also suffused with enough mystery and emotion that they do n’t resemble music lessons .
Guitarist Adam Jones plays an equal balance of crushing chords , jagged riffage and ominous noodling , and the unusual time signatures and sprawling passages keep the tension in the songs building until the fierce , climactic release .
WHAT THEY SAID Maynard James Keenan : “ The record is written so that there are layers to get into .
It ’s about unity — realizing that everything is connected .
It ’s about breaking down the process of pointing the finger . ”
13 ) Blizzard of Ozz , 1980 ( Ozzy Osbourne )
The album that introduced Randy Rhoads to the world ( the previous two albums he made with Quiet Riot came out only in Japan ) , Blizzard of Ozz set the template for the shreddin ’ Eighties with its combination of NWOBHM aggression and Hollywood flash .
Rhoads burst onto the scene as the most unique and influential rock guitar hero since Eddie Van Halen , distilling inspiration from Ritchie Blackmore , Van Halen and classical maestro Andres Segovia while placing his tasteful personal stamp on “ I Do n’t Know , ” “ Crazy Train ” and the acoustic solo centerpiece “ Dee . ” Osbourne may have rescued Rhoads from obscurity , but Randy made Ozzy a star .
WHAT THEY SAID Randy Rhoads : “ We were just thrown together on that album .
It was n’t planned out ; whatever came out was purely inspiration . ”
12 ) ... And Justice For All , 1988 ( Metallica )
When Metallica entered Los Angeles ’ One On
One studios with producer Flemming Rasmussen in early 1988 , they were , musically speaking , at the height of their powers , having achieved critical and mass acceptance with Master of Puppets .
Emotionally , it was a whole different story .
James Hetfield , Kirk Hammett and Lars Ulrich were shattered from the death of bassist Cliff Burton two years earlier and still had not ( did they ever ? ) completely gelled with his replacement , Jason Newsted .
The new music they brought to the recording sessions — crude and jittery , incredibly aggressive and complex , and occasionally lacking direction — reflected the band members ’ bruised psyches .
Justice ’s nine marathon - length songs ( which at the time had to be issued on two separate slabs of vinyl ) are full of unexpected compositional quirks , among them jarring tempo shifts and musical transitions , multiple key changes , odd - metered time signatures , awkwardly grouped note patterns and long , labyrinthine instrumental sections .
Hetfield ’s lyrics , meanwhile , are among his most nihilistic , from the apocalyptic “ Blackened ” ( “ Evolution ’s end / never will it mend ” ) to the blistering “ Dyer ’s Eve , ” a pointed depiction of a damaged upbringing ( his own ? ) at the hands of callous parents .
And then there ’s the album ’s overall sound : Rasmussen ’s wonky production almost entirely squeezes out the bass guitar , leaving only Hetfield ’s vocals , the heavily scooped six - strings and Ulrich ’s clicky drums to carry the load .
Many reasons for the absence of low end have been offered over the years : Newsted merely doubled all of Hetfield ’s riffs , rendering his bass indistinguishable from the guitars ; it ws intentional " hazing " directed at the new kid by his bandmaates ; and so on .
Whatever the reason , the production on Justice - harsh , unsettling and bone dry- accentuates the music 's raw - nerve intensity .
For all of its idiosyncrasies , Justice quickly eclipsed the success of Master of Puppets upon its release .
This was in large part due to the overwhelming popularity of the power ballad “ One . ”
With lyrics based on the gruesome antiwar novel Johnny Got His Gun and accompanied by a disturbing video ( the band 's first ) that featured clips from the 1971 film adaptation of the book , the song made Metallica unlikely MTV darlings .
Nominated for a Grammy in the category of " Best Hard Rock / Heavy Metal , " Metallica infamously lost out to aging British rockers Jethro Tull .
Talk about disturbing .
But … And Justice for All is not significant for these moments of mainstream triumph .
Rather , it is a remarkably raw and uncompromising document of a band exorcising their demons , as well as the sound of thrash metal pioneers taking the music they helped to create as far as possible before washing their hands clean of the whole damn thing for good .
WHAT THEY SAID James Hetfield : “ The idea for the opening on ‘ One ’ came from a Venom song called ‘ Buried Alive . ’
The kick drum machine - gun part at the end was n’t written with the war lyrics in mind , it just came out that way . ”
Kirk Hammett : “ I had only eight days to record all my leads for the album because we were heading out on the Monsters of Rock tour .
With ‘ One , ’ the first solo went fine , but I had trouble with the second lead .
I did the third one in a couple of hours .
I worked out the tapping thing at the beginning , and from there it flowed very well , I think because I was so pissed off about the second solo . ”
11 ) Cowboys From Hell , 1990 ( Pantera )
The first Pantera record to be heard by anyone outside of the Lone Star State , Cowboys from Hell was also the first to fully capture the hard - swinging , head - pummeling interplay of guitarist Diamond Darrell ( soon to be renamed Dimebag ) and his older brother , drummer Vinnie Paul .
Songs like “ Primal Concrete Sledge , ” “ Cemetery Gates ” and “ Cowboys from Hell ” kicked shit and kicked ass in equal measures , while Dime ’s soulful shredding and Texas - sized riffs served notice that here indeed was a young gunslinger to be reckoned with .
This was extreme metal before the term existed .
WHAT THEY SAID Terry Date , Cowboys producer : “ I think we wo n’t see another guitar player with Dime ’s kind of creativity and passion for his instrument for a long , long time , if ever . ”
10 ) Revolver , 1966 ( The Beatles )
The Beatles had already altered the course of music forever by the time they set out to record Revolver .
What they had yet to do was create an album that reflected their growth and maturity as composers and recording artists .
Revolver filled that void , and did so in remarkable fashion , reflecting both the band members ’ emerging consciousness , via LSD , and the changing cultural landscape .
Pop art , drugs , free love , Dylan , politics , the I Ching , the sounds of the Far East and the West Coast — Revolver refracted these influences , and more , with such stunning alacrity that it was hard to tell which was moving faster , society or the Beatles .
The studio innovations used to create Revolver loom large in Beatles lore .
What lasts , however , are the songs : “ Taxman , ” “ Here , There and Everywhere , ” and the endlessly fascinating “ Tomorrow Never Knows ” are standouts in rock ’s first bona fide work of art .
WHAT THEY SAID John Lennon : “ We ’d had acid on Revolver .
Everybody is under this illusion — even George Martin was saying , ‘ Pepper was their first acid album . ’
But we ’d had acid , including Paul , by the time Revolver was finished . ”
9 ) Physical Graffiti , 1975 ( Led Zeppelin )
Daring , Sprawling , and enthusiastically eccentric , Physical Graffiti is one of the most beloved of all Led Zeppelin albums and also the most misunderstood .
To many , its synthesis of funk and Eastern music into the Hammer of the Gods Zeppelin thunder is a joy to behold , the sound of a band realizing there are no limits to its powers .
To others , the album is dense and frustrating , stuffed with filler .
By any measure , it ’s an artistic gamble , full of detours and moments of supreme triumph and quirky experimentation .
And like all successful double albums , it captures the unique personality of each band member .
That nary of trace of caution can be found on the record is a testament to the band ’s unwavering belief in its craft .
Although the bulk of Physical Graffiti resulted from recording sessions at Headley Grange in 1974 , some of the tracks had been waiting for a home for years .
The instrumental “ Bron - Yr - Aur ” was recorded at Island Studios in London and was originally tagged for Led Zeppelin III .
“ Night Flight ” and “ Boogie with Stu ” ( as in Ian Stewart , who played on “ Rock and Roll ” ) were cut during the Led Zeppelin IV sessions .
“ The Rover ” and “ Black Country Woman ” were recorded at Stargroves , Mick Jagger ’s house in Newbury , Berkshire , and were originally pegged for Houses of the Holy .
Despite such gaps in time , the tracks , once assembled in a playing order , seemed to meld together as if by some grand , magical design .
“ Trampled Underfoot , ” “ Houses of the Holy , ” “ Custard Pie ” and “ The Rover ” rock the sure - shot like nobody ’s business .
The 11 - minute “ In My Time of Dying ” is some of the heaviest Delta - style blues Zeppelin ever laid down .
But Physical Graffiti ’s signature track is the wondrous “ Kashmir . ”
With Page ’s tense , unyielding DADGAD chord pattern , John Paul Jones ’
“ Arabian string symphony , ” John Bonham ’s steady 4/ 4 beat against the 3/4 riff , and Plant ’s surrealistic lyrics ( written while driving through the Sahara Desert in Morocco , far from Kashmir , which is located between Central and South Asia ) , the song is a spellbinding monolith that sends tendrils of anxiety in all directions .
In many ways , it distills the essence of Led Zeppelin : dramatic , epic , bewitching and fiery till the end .
WHAT THEY SAID Jimmy Page : “ It just made sense for Physical Graffiti to be a double .
There may have been double and even triple albums by other bands at the time , but I did n’t really care , because ours was going to be better than any of them . ”
8 ) Nevermind , 1991 ( Nirvana )
The grunge revolution started with Nirvana ’s 1991 breakthrough album .
Nevermind united the sludgy distortion of metal with punk rock ’s “ who gives a fuck ? ” attitude .
The anguished voice and guitar of frontman Kurt Cobain encapsulated the hopeless frustrations of the Ritalin generation .
The arrangements were violent mood swings — somnambulistic verses buoyed by clean , watery guitar tones that then exploded into screaming , distorted choruses .
Cobain ’s suicide a few years later lent dramatic emphasis to Nevermind ’s troubled cry for help .
From the Warped Tour to Ozzfest , rock music is still working out the implications .
WHAT THEY SAID Dave Grohl : “ I was in awe of what was happening with Nevermind .
I was in awe of those songs .
And intimidated .
I did n’t feel like my own songs were anywhere near the ones that we were doing .
When you ’re in a band with somebody like Kurt , who ’s an amazing songwriter , you do anything you can to keep from polluting the songwriting process .
I thought , I do n’t want to be the person responsible for ruining these songs .
There ’s a famous old joke :
‘ What was the last thing the drummer said before they kicked him out of the band ?
“ Hey guys , I got a new song I just wrote . ” ’ ”
7 ) Van Halen , 1978 ( Van Halen )
There is no exact accounting of the number of guitarists who crapped their pants upon hearing “ Eruption , ” the second track on Van Halen ’s self - titled debut .
but the safe money is on “ a lot . ”
Yet , while Edward Van Halen brought boys back to the electric guitar in droves , what ’s often overlooked is what Van Halen brought to the party : girls .
Perhaps it was Eddie ’s Cheshire - cat grin or frontman David Lee Roth ’s over - the - top bravado .
More than likely , it was the songs .
“ Ai n’t Talkin ’ ’ Bout Love , ” “ Jamie ’s Cryin ’ ” and the band ’s riotous remake of the Kinks ’ “ You Really Got Me ” rocked like a nonstop wet T - shirt contest , allowing the little girls to finally understand what the guys knew all along — that metal was fun .
WHAT THEY SAID Eddie Van Halen : “ ‘ Eruption ’ was n’t even supposed to be on the album .
I showed up at the recording studio early one day and started to warm up .
I had a gig that weekend and I wanted to practice my solo guitar spot .
Our producer , Ted Templeman , happened to walk by and he asked , ‘ What ’s that ?
Let ’s put it on tape !’ ”
6 ) Paranoid , 1970 ( Black Sabbath )
A primal howl of fear and loathing at a time when it was far more fashionable to sing gentle acoustic songs about “ getting back to the garden , ” Black Sabbath ’s second album perfectly captured the rage , confusion and , yes , paranoia of the Vietnam era .
Tony Iommi’s stump - fingered leads and down - tuned riffs provided the perfect platform for songs about war - mongering generals , boots - wearing skinheads and nuclear fallout , and set the standard against which all heavy music would forever be judged .
And with the title track , a three - chord classic dashed off as last - minute album filler , Sabbath presaged the coming of punk rock .
WHAT THEY SAID Ozzy Osbourne : “ Tony Iommi , in my opinion , is the most underrated guitar player on the face of the earth .
And if you take into consideration that he plays with plastic tips on the end of his fret fingers — I mean , how the fuck can you feel where you are ? ”
5 ) Dark Side of the Moon , 1973 ( Pink Floyd )
Pink Floyd ’s 1973 masterpiece is an epic musical rumination on time , money , war and madness .
It ’s the album on which Pink Floyd found their identity a second time , having lost their leader and guitarist , Syd Barrett , to insanity in 1968 .
With Dark Side , bassist Roger Waters emerged as the band ’s sole lyricist and chief conceptualist , while David Gilmour blossomed as a deeply expressive guitarist , one whose soaring style has become an indispensable part of rock .
Dark Side classics like “ Money , ” “ Us and Them ” and “ Breathe ” have gone into perpetual heavy rotation all around the world .
WHAT THEY SAID Roger Waters : “ I knew there had to be a song about money on the album .
Having decided that , it was extremely easy to make up the seven - beat intro that went with it .
I often think the best ideas are the most obvious ones . ”
4 ) Master Of Puppets , 1986 ( Metallica )
It could be said that Master of Puppets was the realization of all the promise Metallica , and thrash metal music in general , had previously hinted at , but who knew either was capable of so much ?
Metallica , for starters .
Puppets features requisite barnstormers like “ Battery ” and “ Damage , Inc. , ” but elsewhere , particularly on the tremendous title track , the band plays metal as modern - day classical music , offering up harmonically and structurally complex arrangements that convey a stunning range of ideas and emotions .
It ’s a masterfully executed statement of purpose , and it is still thrash metal ’s finest moment .
WHAT THEY SAID Kirk Hammett : “ I really felt that Master of Puppets was the album that defined that lineup — James , Lars , Cliff and I .
We had gotten to know each other ’s musical capabilities and temperaments over the three - year period we ’d been together , and every song we came up with was another great conception . ”
3 ) Are You Experienced , 1967 ( Jimi Hendrix )
The first Jimi Hendrix album was one of the most stunning debuts of 1967 , a year packed with amazing new artists and album releases .
The world had never seen anyone quite like James Marshall Hendrix .
His flamboyant electric - gypsy image wowed the ladies , while his astounding guitar technique had greats like Jeff Beck , Eric Clapton and Pete Townshend scratching their heads in wonderment as they stood on the floors of Swinging London ’s hippest nightspots and took in early gigs by the Jimi Hendrix Experience .
When he arrived in London in September 1966 , Hendrix was an unknown young American guitarist , broke and scrambling for a break .
He quickly assembled a killer band consisting of veteran British musicians Mitch Mitchell , on drums , and Noel Redding , on bass .
The trio began laying down tracks for their first two singles , “ Hey Joe ” and “ Purple Haze , ” plus other tunes that would emerge on Are You Experienced .
Working on a tight budget , they booked sessions at a variety of London studios during downtime , to get a cheap rate .
But once Hendrix secured a U.S. record deal with Warner Bros. , sessions moved to Olympic Studios , then the hot new facility in London and soon to host the Rolling Stones , the Beatles and the Who , among others .
Released in May 1967 , Are You Experienced was a stylistic tour de force .
Hendrix artfully fused his blues and R&B roots with the amped - up excitement of the new psychedelic sounds then starting to emerge from both London and San Francisco .
His boldly unique guitar tone came from a combination of elements .
On Pete Townshend ’s advice , he ’d started using 100 - watt Marshall and Hiwatt amp stacks , powerful gear that had only recently come on the market .
These were combined with a right - handed Fender Stratocaster that the left - handed Hendrix played “ upside down , ” with the strings reversed so that the low and high strings were in a different relationship than usual to the Strat ’s slanted bridge pickup .
In the studio , Hendrix employed a variety of techniques , including “ backward guitar , ” a tape effect that had been pioneered by the Beatles but which Hendrix took to new heights on Are You Experienced ’s title track .
Psychedelic manifestos like “ Are You Experienced ? ” “ Purple Haze , ” “ Manic Depression ” and “ Third Stone from the Sun ” captured the hallucinogenic mood of the hippie movement , just then peaking in 1967s Summer of Love .
But the music remains just as vital and popular today .
FUN FACT Jimi ’s amps were so loud that the bank above London ’s De Lane Lea Studios complained that the high - volume vibrations were disrupting their computer system .
FUN FACT Hendrix manager Chas Chandler , formerly bassist with the successful beat group the Animals , had to pawn his bass to pay for early Jimi Hendrix Experience studio sessions .
WHAT THEY SAID Recording Engineer Eddie Kramer : “ Once we got to Olympic , Jimi really got a chance to stretch out .
The sounds become deeper .
The drum sounds improved .
Originally , we recorded four - track with mono drums on one track , the bass on another , the guitar on the third and Jimi ’s voice on the fourth .
But when we got to Olympic , I ’d record stereo drums , bass and guitar on one four - track machine and then bounce that down to two tracks of a second four - track machine , which gave us two more tracks for overdubs . ”
2 ) Appetite For Destruction , 1987 ( Guns N' Roses )
Before he became a wacky - looking white guy with shaved eyebrows and cornrows , Axl Rose was the real deal : a Sunset Strip–stridin ’ , Jackswillin ’ , coke - tootin ’ rock and roller .
His band at the time ( which , in addition to Axl , included guitarists Slash and Izzy Stradlin , bassist Duff McKagen and drummer Steven Adler ) was the real deal , too , living the wasted rock star lifestyle with such earnest determination that you ’d think they invented it .
They also played lacerating music that was tough , ugly and sometimes misogynistic , and when they did , they were fucking giants .
Rock was in a sorry - ass state in the mid Eighties .
Bon Jovi was riding his steel horse , Van Halen had turned into the mainstream Van Hagar , and that ’s about all she wrote .
As Slash recalls : “ When we had to go up against whatever was going on at the time , there were no gritty rock bands , and we were sort of a break - through rock band , sort of a fluke in a way . ”
Appetite for Destruction was released on July 21 , 1987 , to raging apathy .
Radio and MTV showed no love at all .
A year after the album ’s release , David Geffen , convinced of the album ’s appeal , got on the horn and begged MTV to play “ Welcome to the Jungle . ”
He did n’t have to beg twice .
Once music fans got a look at Guns N’ Roses , they liked what they saw : five tough dudes who were n’t all gussied up like Cinderella or some other pussy band .
And the record ?
Forget about it .
“ Welcome to the Jungle , ” “ Paradise City , ” “ Sweet Child O’ Mine , ” “ It ’s So Easy ” — this was raw , hard - driving , classic - sounding rock and roll .
The riffs were heavy , the solos soaring , and that Axl had some voice on him .
It was metallic enough for metalheads but melodic enough for the chicks .
Glam Metal kids were n’t embarrassed to be seen with it , yet Bob Seger fans could drink beer to it .
Suddenly , everybody loved Guns N’ Roses .
Twenty - five million everybodys , in fact .
Five years later , of course , the band imploded .
Slash and Duff are now part of Velvet Revolver , Steven Adler is M.I.A. , Axl is still promising Chinese Democracy , and Izzy recently joined Axl onstage at a New York City Guns N’ Roses show .
But for many music fans , Appetite for Destruction remains a desert - island disc , a powerful one - off from a band that could have had the world .
WHAT THEY SAID Slash : “ In the early Guns days the solos were a little bit more thought out , I have to admit .
As time goes by , I realize that when solo sections get a little bit complex , it gets to sound a bit corny . ”
FUN FACT
When signing with Geffen Records , Axl Rose revealed to A&R exec Tom Zutaut that he promised a female A&R scout from Chrysalis Records that he would sign with her if she walked naked down Sunset Boulevard .
A nervous Zutaut spent three days watching Sunset Boulevard from his office window .
FUN FACT
For the Appetite sessions , Slash did not play a Gibson ’59 Les Paul Standard , as is commonly assumed .
Instead , the guitarist relied on a Les Paul Standard copy built by a luthier in Redondo Beach .
1 ) Led Zeppelin IV , 1971 ( Led Zeppelin )
Call it Led Zeppelin IV , Four Symbols , Runes , Sticks , Zoso , Four or even Untitlted .
By any name , Zeppelin 's fourth effort is widely considered rock 's Holy Grail , fusing hard rock , Celtic folk , boogie - woogie rock and roll and blues into one staggering , beguiling , epochal , masterpiece .
( For the record , Jimmy Page has been known to refer to it as simply Led Zeppelin IV . )
The album was released in the States on November 6 , 1971 ( November 19 in the U.K. ) , and for Led Zeppelin , the timing could n’t have been better .
The public ’s tepid response to the folky , acoustic - drenched Led Zeppelin III was a letdown , considering the wild reception that greeted the band ’s smash - hit predecessors .
( And forget the music press , which famously hated the band . )
Zeppelin needed to come back strong .
Led Zeppelin IV was rehearsed and partly recorded at Headley Grange , a two - story , mostly stone structure , built in 1795 and located in the village of Headley in eastern Hampshire , England .
While the rest of the band initially balked at the less - than - luxurious conditions , Jimmy Page was smitten : “ Right from the early days of working at Headley Grange , it was very , very spooky .
It had been a workhouse .
The whole place was very grey and damp .
There was no heating ... I thought it was fantastic ! ”
While the old country workhouse undoubtedly influenced laidback numbers like " The Battle of Evermore " and " Going to California , " Jimmy Page found that the 18th - century structure 's acoustics perfectly suited rockers like " Black Dog , " " Rock and Roll " ( featuring an uncredited Ian Stewart on piano ) and " Four Sticks . "
When it came time to track " When the Levee Breaks , " Page had John Bonham set up his drum kit in the stone stairway that connected the floors .
The resulting sound is one no studio in the world has been able to replicate .
Of course , the album ’s apogee is “ Stairway to Heaven , ” renowned as much for Robert Plant ’s curlicue poetry as for Jimmy Page ’s fluid compositional structure .
Remarkably , what has become radio’s most - requested song came together late one night in the most relaxed of settings .
As Robert Plant recalls , “ It was done fairly quickly …
Jimmy and I just sat down by the fire and came up with a song which was later developed by the rest of the band in the studio . ”
Thirty - five years after its release , Led Zeppelin IV stands as a marvel of rock record making .
The music comes at you from all directions : Jimmy Page ’s limitless array of riffs , Robert Plant ’s air - raid screams , John Bonham ’s chest - pounding drumming and John Paul Jones ’ Rock of Gibraltar bass playing .
It is as powerful , magical and oddly elusive today as when it first appeared .
WHAT THEY SAID Jimmy Page : “ We were recording something else — I ca n’t remember what it was ... and John Bonham just started playing the opening bars of ‘ Keep a Knockin ’ , ’ by Little Richard .
I heard that and just started playing what you know as the riff of ‘ Rock and Roll . ’
The other song was just totally forgotten about and we did ‘ Rock and Roll ’ in a matter of minutes . ”
ATOMIC clocks , currently the size of fridges , could shrink to the microscale thanks to a new way of measuring the second .
The technique could also see aluminium displace caesium as the standard of time .
The world ’s most accurate atomic clocks are at the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) at Boulder , Colorado .
Known as fountain clocks , they send clouds of caesium atoms through a vacuum chamber in a magnetic field .
Large atoms like caesium and aluminium have multiple energy levels that are so close together they appear indistinguishable .
The magnetic field separates these levels into two “ hyperfine ” states .
The …
ASIO is a trademark of Steinberg Media Technologies GmbH .
Everything else on this page , including the numbers 16 , 48 and 100 is or may become a trademark of Microsoft , Corp. , except for trademarks of their respective owners that are used for product identification purposes only .
The rest , as well as the stuff mentioned above that has not yet become a trademark of Microsoft , Corp. is Copyright ( c) 2003-2015 , Michael Tippach .
asio4all.com privacy policy
My eyes r up here
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Click on the Help link above for more detailed information on the purpose of The Assayer and how to use it .
Members can also reply to each other 's reviews , creating a discussion of a book , and can choose to receive e-mail notifications when new discussion has occurred about a particular book .
You can browse the catalog by clicking on a link in the bar above .
You need to become a member if you want to post your own reviews , add books to the database , or participate in discussions of books .
Click here to become a member .
Membership is free , and the only personal information you need to give is your e-mail address .
( We wo n't spam you , and other visitors will only be able to see your address if you say it 's OK . )
UC Davis Group to Create Free Texts
The LA Times reports that a group at UC Davis , led by chemistry professor Delmar Larsen , has an ambitious plan to produce half a dozen free and open - source wiki - based math and science textbooks .
September 2 , 2014
California Open Educational Resources Council Starts Up
Two years ago , the California state legislature passed two bills to fund the development of 50 free college textbooks by 2013 .
The faculty council for the initiative now has a web page .
The initial goal was clearly not realistic , and has now been downsized and delayed .
September 2 , 2014
Brown Signs California Bill for Free Textbooks
California Governor Jerry Brown has signed SB 1052 and 1053 , authored by state senator Darrell Steinberg , to create free textbooks for 50 core lower - division college courses .
SB 1052 creates a California Open Education Resources Council , made up of faculty from the UC , Cal State , and community college systems .
The council is supposed to pick 50 core courses .
They are then to establish a " competitive request - for - proposal process in which faculty members , publishers , and other interested parties would apply for funds to produce , in 2013 , 50 high - quality , affordable , digital open source textbooks and related materials , meeting specified requirements . "
The bill does n't become operative unless the legislature funds it -- a questionable prospect in California 's current political situation .
The books could be either newly produced ( which seems unlikely , given the 1 - year time frame stated ) or existing ones that the state would buy or have free access to .
Unlike former Gov. Schwarzenegger 's failed K - 12 free textbook program , this one specifically defines what it means by " open source , " rather than using the term as a feel - good phrase ; books have to be under a CC - BY ( or CC - BY - SA ? ) license , in XML format .
They 're supposed to be modularized and conform to state and W3C accessibility guidelines .
Faculty would not be required to use the free books .
September 28 , 2012
Apple Taking the Proprietary Road with eBooks ?
Today Apple announced easy - to - use software for creating electronic textbooks .
Picking through the typically overblown
Apple hype , there are some disturbing signs that Apple may be heading down the same road that Amazon has taken by trying to make books proprietary and only availale from a single distributor .
Previously , Apple had hitched its wagon to the open Epub standard as the format for its electronic books , whereas Amazon uses their own format .
Apparently they are now using a format that is similar to , but not the same as Epub 3 : " Books are not technically in the EPUB format , but they borrow from it ( likely EPUB 3 ) .
Certain interactive elements of the books require the files to be done in the slightly different iBooks format , Apple says . "
No word on interoperability .
Embrace and extend , anyone ?
They have also announced that some titles , including E.O. Wilson 's Life on Earth , will only be available electronically from them .
This is the same ugly lock - in tactic that Amazon has already been trying to pull .
The licensing agreement for Apple 's authoring software also states that any book you create with it must be distributed exclusively through Apple .
It appears that B&N may be the only remaining ebook publisher that is committed to open formats and nonexclusive distribution .
January 19 , 2012
California State Senator Pushes for Free Textbooks
Although former Governor Schwarzenegger 's free digital textbook initiative for K - 12 education was a failure , state senator Darrell Steinberg has a new idea for the state - subsidized publication of college textbooks .
( Details are given in the PDF files linked to from the bottom of the page . )
Newspaper editorials seem positive . [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] .
January 4 , 2012
B&N Stands up to Amazon on Lock - In
Amazon has been trying to negotiate exclusive deals with publishers to sell e-books ; obviously their dream is to achieve lock - in , so that their customers become their captives .
Barnes and Noble is responding by refusing to sell paper books by publishers , such as DC Comics , who wo n't let them sell the electronic version .
October 9 , 2011
Illegal Fees for Disappearing Books
Publishers such as Pearson have been illegally charging California community college students for required access to online books , which the students can no longer access once the semester is over .
A task force , packed with industry representatives , met behind closed doors and recommended changing the law .
September 10 , 2011
Michael Hart , 1947 - 2011
Project Gutenberg founder and electronic book pioneer Michael Hart has died of a heart attack .
He started his life 's work by typing the U.S. Declaration of Independence into a computer in 1971 and making it available for free downloading .
September 6 , 2011
NSF UTMOST Project
NSF has funded a grant , with Jason Grout at Drake as PI , for a project called UTMOST : Undergraduate Teaching in Mathematics with Open Software and Textbooks .
The idea is to take preexisting free math textbooks and convert them into worksheets for the open - source math program Sage .
Students can then use a computer aided algebra system to try calculations on the same screen from which they 're reading the book itself .
June 7 , 2011
Results of Textbook Initiative Announced
The results of California Governor Schwarzenegger 's Free Digital Textbook Initiative were announced today at a symposium near Los Angeles , which I attended .
Participants included open - source types from Curriki , CK - 12 , and Connexions , as well as teachers , politicians , IT folks , hardware vendors , and textbook publishers .
Sixteen free high school math and science textbooks were submitted , and were evaluated as to whether they met state content standards .
Almost all the books were Creative Commons - licensed works produced by individuals and nonprofits , with the exception of a consumable biology workbook from Pearson .
The genesis of Schwarzenegger 's initiative was the current state budget crisis , so it was entertaining to see the various interests jockeying for a bigger slice of a shrinking pie .
Dell and Apple would like to see funds for textbooks freed up so that they can be used to buy computers on which students can access the free books , and they had demos with actual grade school kids ( highly intent on their Apple laptops ) and high school kids ( chewing gum and socializing in front of their Dell netbooks ) .
The traditional publishers did n't seem to be able to decide how to present themselves .
Pearson 's rep referred to its workbook as " free and open - source " ( it 's not open - source ) .
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt 's rep , when questioned about DRM , said that her company was committed to DRM , and envisioned its DRM 'd materials being mixed and matched with open - source ones .
Both said that they wanted to be service providers ( think Red Hat ) , rather than just content providers ( a la Microsoft ) -- but , hey , they produce really great content , too .
Apple and Dell 's reps argued for open formats such as XML .
Nobody seemed sure about the implications of the settlement in the Williams case , which requires equal access to books for all students .
Will poor students be locked out because they do n't have computers ?
Schwarzenegger 's proposed solution is to print out books as needed , but Murugan Pal from CK - 12 pointed out that current state law allows a school to use textbook funds to pay $ 80 for a book from a commercial publisher , but forbids it to pay $ 10 to print out a copy of a free book at Kinko's .
As a community college professor , I was surprised by the level of top - down control that seems to be taken for granted in the K - 12 system .
There was a lot of concern about whether a digital textbook that had been blessed by the state would then change overnight , falling from its state of grace .
CLRN , which is running the evaluation process , says that they want authors to freeze their books for two years after the evaluation .
This seems to run counter to the Governor 's criticism of traditional textbooks as " antiquated . "
Pal from CK - 12 pointed out that although CK - 12 is a wiki , it 's not open for editing by all , like Wikipedia .
But teacher Lainie Rowell recounted the charming story of the Lousiana students who found out that there was no Wikipedia article about the Pitot House , and proceeded to write one as a class .
A big change since I went to high school in California is that many high schools are offering online classes , and over - scheduled , affluent students seem to love being able to fit them in between soccer and SAT prep classes .
Orange Country Superintendent of Schools William Habermehl proposed that since budget cuts will force schools to put 42 students in an Algebra 1 class , they could have 30 kids ( the ones who need more help ) in the classroom , and the other 12 taking the class online .
Somehow this sounds to me like making the teacher teach two classes for the price of one , and as a parent I 'm a little worried about what it would be like if one of my daughters was in the group of 12 deemed not to need any help .
August 11 , 2009
New York Times on Electronic Textbooks
The New York Times has a good article on electronic textbooks , including the California initiative .
August 8 , 2009
California Initiative for Free Textbooks
Motivated by the California state budget crisis , Governor Schwarzenegger has announced a Free Digital Textbook Initiative , which is producing a list of free , online high school math and science textbooks that are aligned with state content standards .
The list will be announced June 16 , and the intention is to have the books used in classrooms in fall 2009 .
The idea seems to be to look for preexisting free books put out by individuals .
This article has some useful background , but it mistakenly suggests that the arduous state adoption process will be an obstacle to the FDTI ; statewide adoption only applies to K - 8 , but FDTI is doing high - school books .
There was a previous , unsuccessful effort called COSTP , which tried to produce a history textbook using Wikibooks .
Here is a BBC article about the present effort , and here is a newspaper opinion piece by the Governor .
This is a transcript of a speech by the Governor , with some interesting Q&A at the end .
Twenty books were submitted ( press release , links ) .
The four books from traditional publisher Pearson are consumable workbooks , not actual textbooks .
June 16 , 2009
Flat World Knowledge
Flat World Knowledge is a new startup company that is distributing CC - BY - NC - licensed textbooks via free digital downloads and print on demand .
Professors can produce customized versions of the texts by , e.g. , cutting chapters they do n't intend to cover , and can edit " down to the sentence level . "
They 're currently at the testing stage , and plan a full commercial launch in 2009 .
There does n't seem to be any information on their site about what books they 've got lined up .
The restriction to the CC - BY - NC license seems unfortunate to me , since it locks out a whole body of books that are licensed under CC - BY , or under licenses like the GFDL ( used , e.g. , by Wikipedia ) that are compatible with CC - BY .
April 25 , 2008
Open Text Book
Open Text Book is a new web site that catalogs textbooks that are free - as - in - speech .
October 4 , 2007
Manybooks
Manybooks is a web site for free books , as well as shorter works .
They seem to have started by converting the books on the Project Gutenberg DVD into a variety of convenient formats .
In addition , they have a pretty good catalog of science fiction novels and short stories whose authors have made them free online .
September 15 , 2007
Scribd
Scribd is a new service that aims to do for the print medium what youtube did for video .
It could be a useful no -cost , no -hassle way for authors of free books to distribute them online , without having to maintain their own web sites .
Books are automatically translated into a variety of formats , and by default users are shown a flash interface that lets them flip through the book page by page .
My own experience with Mac / Linux / Firefox was that the flash interface did n't work very well , but YMMV , and I 'm sure the glitches will get worked out over time .
August 11 , 2007
Ink Textbooks
Ink Textbooks is a new textbook publisher that plans to sell books inexpensively in print , and also make the same books available for free online in digital form .
They require an exclusive license from the author , so their system is n't compatible with Creative Commons or GFDL - licensed books .
July 28 , 2007
Free Curricula Center
The Free Curricula Center is a new project that is going to try to get people to cooperate on writing free textbooks .
Mar. 23 , 2006
An Infrastructure for Free Books
Here is an article I wrote about what 's going on these days in the world of free books .
From the article :
With the cost of college textbooks up 62 % over the last decade , pressure is building for an alternative model of publishing : the free book .
Five years ago , an author had to be very persistent --- maybe even a little crazy --- to try the new approach .
But now a whole new infrastructure is springing up to make it easier .
Dec. 15 , 2005
1000 Free Books
The Assayer 's catalog has now passed the milestone of 1000 free books .
Dec. 12 , 2005
A Proposal For Governnment - Financed Textbooks
The Center for Economic and Policy Research has published a proposal for the government to finance the production of textbooks , on the condition that they would then be placed into the public domain .
Personally , it raises my libertarian hackles , but it 's true that one of my favorite physics textbooks , PSSC Physics , was created as a government - financed project .
June 22 , 2005
CALPIRG Cheaper Textbooks Campaign
Lindsay Hopkins ( lindsay dot hopkins at gmail dot com ) contacted me today about the CALPIRG Cheaper Textbooks Campaign , of which she 's the statewide coordinator .
CALPIRG , the California Public Interest Research Group , is an organization of students in the University of California System .
Their Cheaper Textbooks Campaign is interested in putting together a how - to manual on writing your own free textbook .
Apr. 21 , 2005
Free Textbook Project
I 've been contacted by Joshua Gay about a new endeavor called the Free Textbook Project , which looks very promising .
Apr. 8 , 2005
Real Names Now Required
I 've been seeing an increasing number of " reviews " that are actually the author 's promotional blurb .
These are usually painfully obvious , and I delete them immediately .
However , I 've decided to start requiring new users to supply their real names when they set up an account .
Of course , there 's nothing to stop them from faking this information .
When you read a review , think critically about whether the reviewer appears trustworthy .
It 's usually a sign of trouble if the reviewer has only ever written a single review on The Assayer , and the review reads like promotional material .
Dec. 16 , 2004
3000th Member
The Assayer 's membership passed the 3 k mark with member jameslee .
Thanks , everybody , for all of your continuing contributions to The Assayer !
No New Non-Free Books
When I first created The Assayer , I decided as an afterthought to allow people to review non-free books here .
I did n't want to come off as a fire - breathing zealout , and I thought an exclusionary policy toward non-free books might cause a lot of arguments about what qualified as free .
Since then , the site 's catalog of free books has grown greatly , and gradually more and more of them are getting reviewed by TA members .
It 's become clear to me , however , that accepting reviews of non-free books is not producing anything worthwhile ( Amazon.com is the venue for that ) , and is taking up a lot of my time and resources .
In particular , there have been a lot of cases where the authors of a non-free book posted thinly veiled promotional material in the guise of a review .
I 've also noticed that at least one person has cross-posted reviews here and on Amazon.com , despite the prominent warnings on this site not to do that because Amazon owns the copyrights on reviews submitted to them .
That creates a potential for legal problems that I do n't need .
Therefore I 've decided to stop accepting new reviews of non-free books .
Reviews of non-free books that are already in the database will be retained , except in cases where they appear to violate Amazon 's copyright .
( Note added Oct. 2005 :
It appears that Amazon.com no longer claims copyright on reviews , but only a royalty - free license to use them . )
Feb. 15 , 2004
New Subject Categories
The number of books in Library of Congress category QA , math and computer science , is getting huge , so I 've introduced smaller subcategories , which you 'll see when you browse by subject .
I 've done my best to place as many math and computer books as possible in appropriate subcategories , but some of them get pretty esoteric , so feel free to help out if you have the necessary expertise ; to place a book in a subcategory , just click on its " edit information about this book " link , and it will show you the legal choices .
Jan. 11 , 2004
Warning Messages Eliminated
I did n't receive any more comments about the warning messages ( see below ) .
I 've decided to eliminate them .
Nov. 8 , 2003
Comments on Warning Messages ?
I recently added a feature to The Assayer that some might consider a bug :-)
When you 're viewing a review , you get an error message if the reviewer has n't supplied a real name , has n't supplied a bio , or has only every written one review .
One user of the Assayer has e-mailed me to say he hates the warnings .
Does anyone else have comments ?
The warnings are meant to handle a situation that is unfortunately pretty common : the author of a book submits a review of his own book .
Am I overreacting ?
Let me know !
Click on the contact link above for info on how to e-mail me , and please let me know if it 's OK to quote you and use your name in this space .
Based on the one user 's feedback , I 've already made the warnings less prominent .
Two Licenses Eliminated
I 've decided that it was a bad idea to create two of my own homebrewed licenses for reviews , and I will no longer be accepting new reviews under these licenses .
I think the proliferation of licenses is a bad thing , and I 'm also not a lawyer , so I do n't know if these licenses have legal defects .
The default license for reviews is still the OPL without options A and B .
This may seem strange , since its creator , Dave Wiley , recommends using a Creative Commons license for new works instead of the OPL .
However , it seems to me that the OPL is more appropriate for book reviews , because it requires modified versions to be given out with a description of the modifications , which is important in order to keep people from changing a reviewer 's words to misrepresent the reviewer 's opinions .
Aug. 29 , 2003
OpenContent Shuts Down
Open E-Book Format Proposed
Jun. 5 , 2003
GFDL not free ?
Apr. 24 , 2003
Internet Book List
Mar. 7 , 2003
Books as Sewage ?
Jan. 15 , 2003
An Article About Free Books
Oct. 21 , 2002
1000th Member Joins The Assayer
May 3 , 2002
Green Tea Press
Feb . 11 , 2002
New Licenses For Reviews
Feb . 1 , 2002
TA's Most Prolific New Member
Jan. 18 , 2002
More Choices of Licenses ?
B. Crowell , Jan. 18 , 2002
Jan. 18 , 2002
B. Crowell , Jan. 18 , 2002
The Assayer Featured in Indian Newspaper
July 19 , 2001 .
Got some time on your hands ?
Good , cause Warners Bros. has just released a free Watchmen 8 bit game .
This game is so retro right down to the 8 bit sound .
It kind of reminds me a bit of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Arcade game and Double Dragon .
You can take on the role of one of two crime - fighting Watchmen characters , Nite Owl and Silk Spectre .
The controls are your left and right arrow keys to move around , the space bar to jump and C and V keys to punch and kick .
[ via Official UK site ]
Leave it to Pitchfork Pat Buchanan to take a seemingly rational discussion of America 's relationship with Mexico on Andrea Mitchell 's MSNBC show this morning and turn it into a Latino - bashing bigotfest :
Buchanan : Mexico is the greatest foreign - policy crisis I think America faces in the next 20 - 30 years .
Who is gonna care , Andrea , thirty years from now whether a Sunni or a Shi'a is in Baghdad , or who 's ruling in Kabul ?
We 're going to have 135 million Hispanics living in the United States by 2050 , heavily concentrated in the Southwest .
The question is whether we 're going to survive as a country .
Rrrrrright .
I gather he 's been listening to Glenn Beck .
Actually , this is hardly the first time such a pronouncement has come out of Buchanan 's mouth .
Indeed , his racism has become so open that it remains Exhibit A in calling BS on the right - wing claim that liberal political correctness has driven all such sentiments from the public square .
It 's almost like he's the crazy Bircherite uncle no one wants to talk to at the family picnic , because you know he 's just going to burst out eventually with some rude display of bigotry .
And sure enough ...
We do n't mean to sound impatient , but we 've seen enough .
The country is in the middle of the worst financial crisis in 75 years , and the second - most - important person in charge clearly is n't the right man for the job .
When both engines on US Air Flight 1549 quit after takeoff , Capt .
Sullenberger did not cling stubbornly to his preconceived view of the situation .
He did not float endless versions of the same bad plan to air traffic controllers to see what they thought of them .
He did not spend months preparing for a moment just like this only to be seized by indecision when it arrived .
Instead , he just took the controls and landed the plane in the Hudson .
Note that this was not a risk - free , popular , or easy decision .
When air traffic controllers learned where Sullenberger was headed , they thought everyone in the plane was dead .
But if Sullenberger had taken the easier route , and tried for Teterboro , they all would have been dead -- along with a bunch of folks on the ground .
Before taking office at the end of January , Tim Geithner had many months to develop a solid plan for what to do .
He had the opportunity to see what was working and what was n't and to consult with dozens of experts , many of whom had no stake in the matter ( unlike the Wall Street kingpins who seem to have shaped Geithner 's inaccurate view of the situation ) .
He had the opportunity to see and understand that what America needs most right now is clarity and decisiveness .
Then he took office .
In the five weeks since , Tim Geithner has :
Given a speech billed as the solution to the financial crisis in which he promised something vague , someday , that sounded an awful lot like the bad plan that did n't work in the past administration ( which really is n't that surprising , given that Geithner was the one who came up with the earlier bad plan ) .
Floated multiple versions of the same plan into the press hoping that one would be enthusiastically received by someone other than Wall Street ( no dice . )
Refused to seriously discuss the consensus opinion of most neutral economists and experts :
That the banking system is insolvent and that the solution is pre-privatization .
Given Congressional testimony in which his brusque , defensive manner and weak responses have inspired no confidence and served only to make people wonder again why Obama picked him for the job .
and , most importantly , Tim Geithner has :
Refused to revisit or defend his almost certainly inaccurate view that this crisis is merely a temporary price decline caused by a lack of liquidity , rather than a collapse of a debt - driven economy .
You can't cure the patient if you 're treating the wrong problem .
With a few years of seasoning in a normal environment , Tim Geithner might turn out to be a fine Treasury Secretary .
But this is n't a normal environment , and we do n't have a few years .
The engines of the US economy just quit .
We 're losing altitude rapidly .
And the co-pilot flying the plane clearly does n't know what to do .
So it 's time for the captain to take over again , before Geithner takes him and the rest of us down with him .
It has been more than a month since Chesley " Sully " Sullenberger landed his stricken US Airways jet in the Hudson River , but gamers and geeks are still churning out impressive animations recreating the miraculous water landing .
Most of them are using sims like Microsoft's Flight Simulator to navigate the virtual skies over New York , and some of these wannabe pilots are going so far as to use recordings of the conversations between the flight crew and air traffic controllers to recreate the five minutes and 40 seconds of US Airways Flight 1549 with eerie accuracy .
One of our favorites , by Scene Systems , is shown above .
Here are four more we really like .
This video , by YouTube user lake2407 , shows a combo exterior view / cockpit perspective and includes instrument voice notifications :
Cockpit view by YouTube user sevendst :
This one from boozho.com includes a map that shows 1549 's trajectory from above , and points out the little - reported fact that Flight 1549 came dangerously close to colliding with another plane :
This one by YouTube user flightsimulationguru is a little jerkier , has a weird soundtrack , slathers the plane in the wrong color scheme and gets the flight number wrong , but ...
Most of the simulations were made with off - the - shelf products like Microsoft Flight Simulator , which is one of the most popular flight sims .
POST UPDATED 8:15 p.m. Eastern to identify the creators of each vid .
See Also :
The three pictured galaxies — NGC 7173 ( middle left ) , NCG 7174 ( middle right ) and NGC 7176 ( lower right ) — tug at each other , dragging a significant number of stars away from their home galaxies .
Three galaxies are playing a game of gravitationaltug - of - war that may result in the eventual demise of one of them .
A new NASAHubble Space Telescope image shows the push and pull in action .
Located about 100 million light - years away in the constellationPiscis Austrinus ( the Southern Fish ) , the galaxy interaction may ultimatelylead to the three reforming into two larger starcities .
The three galaxies ?
NGC 7173 ( middle left ) , NGC 7174 ( middle right ) , and NGC 7176 ( lower right ) ?
are part of Hickson Compact Group90 , named after astronomer Paul Hickson , who first cataloged these smallclusters of galaxies in the 1980s .
NGC 7173 and NGC 7176 appear to be smooth , normal elliptical galaxies without much gasand dust .
In stark contrast , NGC 7174 is a mangled spiral galaxythat appears as though it is being ripped apart by its close neighbors .
Thegalaxies are experiencing a strong gravitational interaction , and as a result , a significant number of stars have been ripped awayfrom their home galaxies .
These stars are now spread out , forming a tenuousluminous component in the galaxy group .
Ultimately , astronomers believe that NGC 7174 will beshredded and only the two " normal " elliptical galaxies ( NGC 7173 and NGC 7176 ) will remain .
Hubble imaged these galaxies with the Advanced Camera forSurveys in May 2006 .
In high school my bedroom had two outlets in use – one for a lamp , the other for my stereo .
That was it .
Now my large studio is filled with maxed - out power strips juicing my laptop , computer monitor , external drive , printer , router , Wi-Fi router , TV , stereo and DVD player , not to mention cellphone and digital camera chargers , and of course those pesky lamps .
Power cords are my enemy .
They so quickly and easily muck up a clean interior I ’ve so painstakingly put together .
For years I ’ve fantasized of wireless electricity .
A day when the power outlet became obsolete .
Well , we ’re almost there .
Almost .
At this years ’
Consumer Electronics
Show , a handful of companies showed off flashy gadgets with pads that allow wireless charging .
The pads work via a coil built into them that generates a magnetic field when plugged into an outlet .
If you place a gadget with its own coil built into it on the pad , the magnetic field generates a current within the second coil , in turn charging the device .
Palm ’s much - talked - about Pre , features such a pad .
WildCharge built a pad that works with any phone as long as you attach their adapter to your mobile .
While all of these are great steps towards a wireless world , the only way this will be adopted fully is if multiple items can be charged on the same pad .
That ’s where Fulton Innovation comes in .
The Michigan - based company has developed coils that can be embedded into tables and the like so you ’ll eventually be able to power your blender , coffee maker , you name it , just by placing it on your kitchen counter .
Bosch , the power tool manufacturer , and Texas Instruments have teamed up with the company and are working on building new products with the built - in coils .
Now you may remember that this padded electricity idea was tried once before .
Splashpower , a British company , introduced own charging pads in 2004 .
They declared bankruptcy four years later with no products to speak of .
So how ’s this new crop of pads any different ?
They are n’t , because they use the same electromagnetic induction theory as their failed predecessors did , but now there ’s an attempt to standardizing wireless electricity amongst the industry .
This past December the Wireless Power Consortium was formed .
The group is dedicated to cementing a common standard for wireless charging .
Hey , we may avoid another Blu-ray / HD - DVD kerfuffle !
So far big players like Philips , Sanyo , Logitech , and Texas Instruments have all joined the W.P.C. , along with the coil manufacturer Fulton Innovations .
If they can agree on a single way to charge , we may soon be rethinking how we organize the tech in our homes .
No more designing around the power outlet .
Today Youtube is showing videos Upside Down .
When you open the Home page of Youtube and go to any video you will get a page which is flipped upside down .
If you are doing so first time this will be default .
But the next time you open other videos you will not get it .
If you do not get this type of page then you can activate it by adding a small code &flip=1 at the end of the URL .
For an example when you open http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuQykKXQLfA
then you will get the original Youtube page , and when you open http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuQykKXQLfA&flip=1 you will get the Upside down page .
There are some tips provided by Youtube to view such videos the right way and they are :
1 . Turn your monitor upside - down :
Our internal tests have shown that modern computer monitors give a higher quality picture when flipped upside down — kind of like how it ’s best to rotate your mattress every six months .
You might find that YouTube videos look better this way .
2 . Tilt your head to the side : Imagine you ’ve got water in your ear and need to get it out .
Tilt your head toward one shoulder and watch the video ( gentle head - smacking on the opposite side is optional ) .
3. Move to Australia :
As you probably know , everything in Australia is upside - down , so moving to Australia may provide you with a more natural YouTube viewing experience .
( Note : If you live Down Under , and the page is still upside - down for you , then we recommended moving to the northern hemisphere . )
So , the next time you do n’t want Youtube to make a fool out of you , then watch the URL and remove &flip=1 .
Bizarre Netzgerüchte Atlantis entdeckt , Magenta enttarnt
Magenta ist keine Farbe !
Google findet Atlantis !
Apple integriert Microsoft !
Ein paar Stunden lang glaubten viele Web - Nutzer diese Sensationen - gleich drei wunderbare Gerüchte eroberten das Netz binnen einer Woche .
Keins stimmt , aber Tausende diskutieren die Magenta - Lüge .
Not sure it was really 7 seconds as indicated in the video clip , but in a real feat of strength and a rather unique competition of man vs. car , an Austrian man holds back an accelerating Lamborghini long enough for a Guiness World Record .
Initially the car was supposed to be a Lamborghini Murciélago , but it broke down due to an overheated clutch .
A Diablo then does the job perfectly in its place .
Although the guy just looks constipated for the longest time , I think Magnús Ver Magnússon would be proud of this strongman , and it brings a whole new meaning to the term “ line lock ” :
And other late updates from the ongoing U.S. Senate race in Minnesota ...
Brad Friedman Byon 1/23/2009 , 3:10 pm PT
From TPM :
At a pre-trial hearing in the Minnesota election lawsuit just now , Franken attorney Kevin Hamilton made a striking accusation :
That the Coleman campaign has been doctoring evidence .
As an example , Hamilton showed two photocopies of a rejected absentee ballot envelope , one of which he said was the unaltered original , and the other taken from Coleman 's legal filings in his attempts to get more of the rejected ballots opened .
The Coleman copy was missing the section in which a local election official explained why it was rejected .
We are without words .
Coleman 's attorney " speculated that there may have been a photocopying problem . "
Sparse details in the rest of the TPM piece on this , but we 'll see if we can learn anything further .
TPM's Eric Kleefeld also reports , in related articles , that former Sen.
Norm Coleman 's attorney was " openly heckled " by one of the judges on the three - judge panel --- this one , a Republican appointee .
And , in other news from Minnesota 's U.S. Senate race election contest , apparent - winner Al Franken 's bid to have the entire case dismissed was denied yesterday , while Coleman 's hopes of receiving permission from the three - judge panel to inspect all ballots and voter rolls ( in their search for votes , and hopes of delaying the formal beginning of the trial next Monday ) was similarly denied .
Also , Coleman may be getting used to the fact that it looks like he 's not going back to D.C. .
He 's accepted a " temporary " job as " a strategic adviser to the Republican Jewish Coalition ( RJC ) . "
By the way , Franken seems constantly referred to as " comedian Al Franken " in mainstream news reports .
Setting aside that he was most - frequently a radio talk show host for years , in addition to the author of several books , we can't recall any other candidate for office so consistently being referred to by their former occupation .
Not that there 's a bias in the corporate media in this matter or anything , just ask strategic adviser Norm Coleman .
UPDATE 1/26/09 :
The court tosses Coleman 's " doctored evidence " on the first official day of the trial .
Details now here ...
Study Design
This was a prospective , randomized , double - blind , controlled trial involving treatment in parallel groups for 4 weeks .
Active treatment was hyperbaric treatment at 1.3 atm and 24 % oxygen for 40 sessions lasting 1 hour each at pressure ( " treatment group " ) , whereas the control treatment consisted of slightly pressurized room air at 1.03 atm and 21 % oxygen for 40 sessions lasting 1 hour each at pressure ( " control group " ) .
Comparison of the clinical effects of parallel treatments for 4 weeks was the primary objective of this study .
The number of treatments ( 40 sessions ) and the overall treatment period ( 4 weeks ) were chosen because these were previously shown to be safe in two other studies of hyperbaric treatment in children with autism [ 7 , 17 ] .
Participants : Eligibility Criteria and Recruitment
This study was approved by the Liberty Institutional Review Board and enrolled children , 2 to 7 years of age , who had a diagnosis of Autistic Disorder and had not previously received any type of hyperbaric treatment .
All children met the DSM - IV criteria for Autistic Disorder [ 1 ] and this diagnosis was also corroborated by psychologists using the Autism Diagnostic Interview–Revised ( ADI - R ) and the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule ( ADOS ) .
Children with PDD - NOS , Asperger syndrome , seizure disorder , current ear infection , uncontrolled asthma , inability to equalize ear pressure , fragile X syndrome , and ongoing treatment with chelation medication were excluded from participation in this study .
Written informed consent was obtained from the parents and , when possible , the child .
Sixty - six children were evaluated for inclusion in the study from six clinics throughout the U.S.
Four children were excluded from participation because the diagnosis of Autistic Disorder could not be corroborated by ADI -R and ADOS .
Therefore , the recruitment process yielded 62 eligible participants , who were randomized as depicted in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials ( CONSORT ) flow diagram .
Full size image
Interventions
The active treatment was hyperbaric treatment at 1.3 atm and 24 % oxygen in a monoplace hyperbaric chamber for 60 minutes at this pressure per session ( this length of time did not include approximately 10 – 15 minutes for pressurization and depressurization ) .
Oxygen flowing at 10 liters per minute from an oxygen concentrator was mixed with room air and pumped into the chamber following a protocol previously described [ 7 ] .
This resulted in a final chamber oxygen concentration of approximately 24 % as measured by an oxygen monitor .
This treatment was given twice a day separated by a minimum of 4 hours , 5 days per week , for 4 consecutive weeks , for a total of 40 treatments per child .
Control treatment consisted of slightly pressurized room air ( 1.03 atm and 21 % oxygen ) in a monoplace hyperbaric chamber for 60 minutes at this pressure per session ( this length of time did not include approximately 10 – 15 minutes for pressurization and depressurization ) .
This treatment was given twice a day separated by a minimum of 4 hours , 5 days per week , for 4 consecutive weeks , for a total of 40 treatments per child .
For blinding purposes , participants underwent a brief compression to 1.1 atm at the beginning of each treatment .
The chamber was then slowly decompressed from 1.1 to 1.03 atm where the pressure stayed for the remainder of the treatment .
No oxygen was added to the chamber and thus the chamber was pressurized with room air ( approximately 21 % oxygen ) .
The children in the control group remained in the chamber for the same length of time as children in the treatment group .
At the end of each treatment , the pressure was slowly increased to 1.1 atm over about 5 minutes and then the chamber was depressurized .
Procedures were developed and applied to mimic , for the control group , the experience of hyperbaric treatment at 1.3 atm , and thereby to keep participants and parents unaware of the nature of the intervention .
These procedures included covering control switches , inflating and deflating the chambers to simulate pressure changes , and masking the sounds from the chambers .
To further mask the group assignments , the equipment ( including chambers ) used for the control group was indistinguishable from the equipment used for the treatment group .
Moreover , the same type of equipment was used at each study site .
A pressure of 1.03 atm ( with increases to 1.1 atm for several minutes at the beginning and at the end of the treatment ) was chosen for the control group because this pressure represented the lowest that could be applied and still effectively simulate hyperbaric treatment at 1.3 atm .
To verify its effectiveness , prior to beginning the study , this pressure protocol was tested in six adult individuals who were randomly and repeatedly exposed to both the treatment group pressure ( 1.3 atm ) and the control group pressure ( 1.03 atm with short increases to 1.1 atm ) and none of these individuals were able to reliably distinguish between the two pressures .
At each study site , the primary investigator ( DAR ) visited and trained each hyperbaric technician to ensure that the same protocol was followed to minimize variances between study sites .
An analysis performed after the study was finished demonstrated no significant differences ( p = ns ) between the six study sites for age , initial autism severity , and initial and final scores on all of the scales used in this study ( this analysis can be found in the results section ) .
Initial screening for this study included medical history taking and a physical examination by one of the study physicians .
This included examination of the ears and tympanic membranes .
Throughout each treatment , children were closely monitored by a hyperbaric technician for any signs of ear pain or other problems , and parents were instructed on how to recognize ear pain in their child .
In both groups , in order to facilitate treatments , a parent or primary caretaker accompanied the child into the chamber as it was deemed that the children were too young to enter and remain in the chamber alone for the duration of each treatment .
Children finishing more than one full session were included in the final analysis in an intention - to - treat manner .
Daily treatment logbooks for each child were maintained by the hyperbaric technician and any side effects during treatment were recorded .
At the end of the study , all children assigned to the control group were offered 40 hyperbaric treatments at the treatment pressure ( 1.3 atm and 24 % oxygen ) if the parents desired ( all parents chose this option ; treatments were provided without charge ) .
During the study period , children in both groups were not allowed to begin any new therapies or stop any current therapies , including medications and nutritional supplementation .
At the onset of the study , the use of nutritional supplements , medications , and applied behavioral analysis ( ABA ) therapy was similar in both the treatment and control groups ( p = ns ) , see Table 1 .
Table 1 Initial characteristics of children in the treatment and control groups
Full size table
Randomization and Allocation
From the 62 children who were enrolled in the study , 33 were randomly allocated to the treatment group and 29 were randomly allocated to the control group .
To achieve this allocation , a random allocation sequence ( 1:1 ) was generated and stratified on both the participant 's group ( treatment or control ) and center , and this sequence was equilibrated every eight patients .
The allocation sequence remained concealed to all investigators , study participants , parents , nursing staff , and all other clinic staff .
The only person at each center who was aware of the group assignment for each particular child was the hyperbaric technician , who had no input in the evaluation ( outcome measures ) of the child .
The hyperbaric technician was specifically instructed not to discuss the treatment nature or group assignments with anyone else in the clinic , including participants , parents , psychologists , and physicians .
It was not possible to blind the hyperbaric technician due to the nature of the study ( the technician had to know the group assignment in order to adjust the chamber to the correct pressure for treatment ) .
However , all individuals involved in evaluating the child ( parents , physicians , and psychologists ) remained blinded to the group assignment for each child throughout the entire study period .
In hyperbaric treatment studies , the study is considered double - blinded if the study participants and the evaluators of outcome measures are both blinded to group assignment ( as they were in this study ) , even though the hyperbaric technician is aware of the assignment [ 37 , 38 ] .
After the study was completed , parents in both groups were surveyed to determine the effectiveness of the blinding process , and there was no significant difference between groups in their ability to determine which group their child had been assigned ( p = ns ) .
Outcome measures
The primary outcome measures were changes compared to baseline observed after 4 weeks ( 40 sessions ) of treatment , in parallel groups , on ( 1 ) Aberrant Behavior Checklist–Community ( ABC ) total score and subscale scores , based on the parent 's or primary caretaker 's rating , ( 2 ) Autism Treatment Evaluation Checklist ( ATEC ) total score and subscale scores , based on the parent 's or primary caretaker 's rating , and ( 3 ) Clinical Global Impression –Improvement ( CGI ) scale for changes in overall functioning and subscales , as rated by the parent or primary caretaker and also as rated separately by the treating physician ( without knowledge of the parental ratings ) .
Previous studies of hyperbaric treatment in children with autism have utilized the ABC and / or ATEC [ 7 , 17 ] .
The ABC is a 58 - item questionnaire that assesses communication , reciprocal social interaction , play , and stereotypical behaviors [ 39 ] .
It is used to evaluate the effectiveness of medications and other therapeutic interventions and is scored from 0 ( " not at all a problem " ) to 3 ( " problem is severe in degree " ) .
For this study , a total score was calculated as well as scores in 5 subscales : irritability , social withdrawal ( also termed lethargy ) , stereotypy , hyperactivity , and inappropriate speech .
The ABC was administered immediately prior to beginning the study ( to determine baseline scores ) and immediately after finishing 40 sessions .
Lower scores on the ABC indicate lower autism severity .
The ATEC is a questionnaire developed by the Autism Research Institute to evaluate treatment efficacy in individuals with autism .
It consists of four subscales : Speech / Language / Communication , Sociability , Sensory / Cognitive Awareness , and Health / Physical / Behavior .
The scores are weighted according to the response and the corresponding subscale .
The higher the subscale and total scores , the more impaired the subject .
A split - half reliability analysis on 1,358 checklists indicated high internal consistency among the questions within each subscale [ 40 ] .
The ATEC is designed to allow evaluators to assess outcomes of certain treatments commonly used in individuals with autism .
In this study , scores were calculated for the total score and the four separate subscales .
The ATEC was administered immediately prior to beginning the study ( to determine baseline scores ) and immediately after finishing 40 sessions .
Due to an administration error , the baseline ATEC was not performed at one of the study centers , and thus data was available for analysis for 23 children in the treatment group and 21 children in the control group .
Scores for the CGI scale were obtained immediately after 40 sessions .
The CGI scale gives an impression of global changes in certain areas for each child compared to baseline [ 41 ] .
A total score for change in overall functioning was rated by a parent or primary caregiver and separately by the treating physician ( the same physician who initially evaluated the child ) using the following ratings : 1 ( " very much improved " ) , 2 ( " much improved " ) , 3 ( " minimally improved " ) , 4 ( " no change " ) , 5 ( " minimally worse " ) , 6 ( " much worse " ) , and 7 ( " very much worse " ) .
Children who received a score of " very much improved " or " much improved " on the physician CGI overall functioning score were considered to be " good responders " to treatment .
Data was also collected from parents and physicians as to whether or not there were improvements in the following CGI subscales : receptive language , expressive language , sleep pattern , attention span , activity level , bowel movement pattern , self - stimulatory behavior , social awareness / alertness , social interaction , play skills , self - injurious behavior , eye contact , mood , anxiety level , aggression , general health , gross motor skills , and fine motor skills .
Analysis
All data were prospectively collected and analyzed using StatsDirect statistical software ( version 2.7.2 ) and are presented as mean ± SEM ( standard error of the mean ) .
Data analysis was based on an intention - to - treat approach on all participants who finished more than one treatment or control session .
Power Calculations
Because this was the first controlled study of its kind , power calculations were based on the closest comparable study that had outcome data available at the time of this study design [ 17 ] .
Analysis of this data demonstrated a medium to large effect size , depending on the scale examined ( Cohen's d = 0.44 to 0.77 ) [ 42 ] .
Using the most conservative effect size ( d = 0.44 ) , a power calculation using G* Power 3 [ 43 ] indicated that a total sample of 43 children would achieve a power of 80 % with alpha set at 0.05 ( two - tailed ) .
Planned Comparisons
Planned group comparisons were performed on the primary outcome measures .
The normal distribution of data was checked using the Kolmogorov - Smirnov test .
In parameters with normal distribution , comparisons were analyzed using the Student 's t test .
When normality was not present and equal variance could not be assumed , nonparametric tests ( Mann - Whitney and Wilcoxon signed rank tests ) were used .
The Pearson 's chi-square ( χ2 ) test with Yates ' correction or the Fisher 's exact test ( when subgroups contained less than 10 children ) was applied to assess differences in the percentage of children responding to treatment in each group .
In all analyses , a p-value less than 0.05 ( two - tailed ) was considered significant .
Win $ 1 Billion
The ( Marketing ? ) Value of 4 MPGe
The Ford Focus Electric was rated at 110 MPGe ( see * note below ) , making it the " King " of electric vehicles because it beat the Nissan Leaf by 4 MPGe .
If we look at how many " gallon equivalents " are being saved per 100 miles , that works out to :
Ford Focus : 100/110 MPGe = .91 gallon equivalents
Nissan Leaf : 100/106 MPGe = .94 gallon equivalents
That 's right :
The Focus saves the equivalent of .03 gallons of gas every 100 miles compared to the Leaf .
For these comparisons of efficient vehicles , " miles per anything " is a marketing gimmick .
* Note : And , as we 've noted before , MPGe is a poor metric .
Besides having the wrong number on top ( thereby perpetuating the bad math done with MPG ) , it has a highly uninformative number on the bottom :
An energy unit that is equivalent ( hence , e ) to a gallon of gas .
But this energy unit could come from regular gas , natural gas , electricity made from hydro , electricity made from nuclear , or electricity made from coal , all with different implications for GHG emissions .
And the electricity could cost 22 cents per kwh in Connecticut or 6 cents per kwh in North Carolina .
Crossovers Help Drop US Oil Consumption
" The price of gasoline keeps rising for Americans , but it 's not because of rising demand from consumers .
Since the first Arab oil embargo of the 1970s , the U.S. has struggled to quench a growing appetite for oil and gasoline .
Now , that trend is changing .
" When you look at the U.S. oil market , you see that there 's actually no growth , " says Daniel Yergin , chairman of IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates .
He says gasoline demand peaked in 2007 and has fallen each year since , even though the economy has begun to recover .
" The U.S. has already reached what we can call ' peak demand . '
Because of increased efficiency , because of biofuels , we 're not going to see growth in our oil consumption , " Yergin says .
Sometimes , in my more conspiratorially - minded moments , I look back on all the awful moves Donald Rumsfeld made as Defense Secretary – and wonder whether the guy was n't actually an Iranian mole , sent to sabotage
America 's military from within .
Chill out , neocons , chill : I 'm only joking .
I think .
I 'm reading In the Graveyard of Empires , Seth Jones ' forthcoming book about Afghanistan .
And every few pages , there 's another story of Rummy undermining the American effort there .
Some of the tales are , by now , well - known – like shifting CIA and U.S. military assets from Afghanistan to Iraq as early as November , 2001 .
Others are new , at least to me .
In June 2006 , for instance , Major General Robert Durbin was trying to get the funds to expand the training of Afghan police – to make sure a growing insurgency did n't get any bigger .
He succeeded eventually , despite resistance from Secretary Rumsfeld .
Seven months earlier , when the Afghans wanted to expand their army , " Rumsfeld read us the riot act , " one participant tells Jones .
Rummy rejected requests for an Afghan Army of 70,000 .
Instead , he thought an army with about 50,000 troops was " more reasonable . "
If Afghans wanted any more soldiers , they 'd have to find someone else to pay for it .
Today , Afghanistan 's insurgents are in a much stronger position .
Now the plan is to grow the 134,000 - strong Afghan National Army to 260,000 – and expand a force of 80,000 cops to 140,000 .
Thanks again , Rummy .
UPDATE : Leave Rummy alone !
Keith Urbahn , former Pentagon speechwriter and current Rumsfeld spokesman , disagrees with this post – rather strongly .
His comments , after the jump .
* I do n't know who gets it wrong , you reporting on the views of Seth Jones , Seth Jones reporting on the views of a two - star general , or a two - star general reporting on the views of someone else , but somewhere in your three - or four - man game of telephone , the transmission – and the facts – get lost .
*
The reality was that there was no one pushing harder for improving the capabilities and expanding the numbers in of the Afghan National Army and Afghan Police in the leadership of the Defense Department and probably the Bush administration than Donald Rumsfeld .
Rumsfeld wanted the burdens of maintaining security and executing a counterinsurgency shifted from U.S. troops to Afghans in Afghanistan and Iraqis in Iraq , and made expanding the security forces of both nations militaries and police forces among the highest of priorities .
In mid-2006 , Rumsfeld supported expanding the ANA to 70,000 and a step up in the size of the police force , though there were concerns about the sustainability of a large force in a relatively poor nation over the long - term – concerns that remain to this day .
He continues to believe that increasing the size and capability of the Afghan security forces is one the keys to mounting a successful counterinsurgency campaign against the Taliban . *
Urbahn says he has " no specific knowledge " of the earlier meeting Jones describes in his book .
But , anyway , " I do know that what you 're suggesting was Rumsfeld 's view in 2006 - and stretching back to 2005 and well before - is 180
degrees from what was actually his view . "
Other reports at the time say that the Defense Department pushed back over the expansion of the Afghan army .
" Against Kabul 's objections , the U.S. military hopes to cut the planned end - strength of the Afghan defense sector by more than 25 percent ;
rather than building the 70,000 - man force previously agreed upon , the goal is now 50,000 , " wrote the American Enterprise Institute 's Vance
Serchuk .
He did n't name Rumsfeld specifically as the force behind the reduced goal .
It very well could have been someone else .
Also , it 's interesting to note that two weeks after Rumsfeld 's departure from the Pentagon was announced , the commander on the ground in Afghanistan , Lieutenant General Karl Eikenberry , proposed an acceleration of the plan to expand the Afghan army .
Instead of getting to 70,000 men by 2011 , he and Afghan Defense Minister Abdul Rahim Wardak called for fielding a 70,000 - member Afghan army by October 2008 .
Again , this may or may not have had anything to do with Rumsfeld .
Anyway , my favorite moment in my e-mail exchange with Urbahn came this morning , when I was in the middle of interviews for another piece .
" Are you going to append my comments ? " he wrote .
" I think if you 're going to accuse
Rumsfeld of ' blowing the war in Afghanistan ' and do it on spurious grounds , that 's your prerogative , but if you 're a professional journalist and not a two - bit blogger , I think you at least owe the reader the other side . "
" Two - bit blogger " – I kinda like the sound of that , actually .
UPDATE 2 : Former Deputy Assistance Secretary of Defense Joseph Collins also takes issue with this post .
" Eyewitness account : this single anecdote gives a very limited picture , " he e-mails Danger Room .
" Yes , DR [ Donald Rumsfeld ] was manic about saving money , and he would often tell you why : it is YOUR money , he would say .
I find that attitude increasingly refreshing .
When we look at the waste in what we have done in Iraq and Afghanistan , his concerns seem justified to me . "
* Although a cheapskate , he also was the godfather of the ANA [ Afghan National Army ] and the architect too of the military " rescuing " the ANP [ Afghan National Police ] training program .
When the Germans and the DoS [ Department of State ] were " doing " Afghan police , it was terrible , and the US military has done the program much good , though it is still far from satisfactory .
** **DR was and I am still very concerned about giving the Afghans a military that they could not afford and that would hurt us financially .
The Afghans started out in Feb 2001 asking for an army up to 200 K ... because that is how many armed militia that they thought they had .
**
Yes , saving money with the ANA and ANP is yesterday 's newspaper now , but it was n't so far out when DR was pushing it .
( If we win in
Afghanistan , and I pray that we do , the greatest danger to the Afghan polity will be praetorianism . )
** Poor Rummy also believed that NATO could take over Afghanistan and run it ... boy was he mistaken about that too .
** ** I have not read Seth 's book or any part of the manuscript .
He will do a good job of giving both sides ... I hope .
What we must avoid is judging single anecdotes as whole stories .
We also have to look at the record , and judge actions in 2004 and '05 in light of what we knew then
AND in light of what our decision makers were thinking about Iraq etc .
** ** As someone privileged to have been in 100 meetings with the great man , I can tell you that the Hon .
Donald Rumsfeld was much better than his press clippings in 2009 ... but of course he would have to be .
**
The problem with blogs is that like paper , electronic screens will put up with anything printed on them .
The checks and balances of editing could have helped this story .
** Oh ... PS : the story that we denuded Afghanistan to prepare for
Iraq is horseshit , to use the scientific term .
CENTCOM fenced A'stan 's nut before the war started .
Indeed , during the early years of Iraq , US
troop strength in A'stan was increased .
On my last trip there in the summer of 2004 , the command was noticeably fatter in every category than it was in 2003 .
If you do n't believe aging ex-bureaucrats , ask
[ former NATO - in- Afghanistan commander ] Gen . [ Dan ] McNeill or [ former CENTCOM chief ] Gen . [ John ] Abizaid .
*UPDATE 3 : Strategy - blogger John Donovan is n't all that impressed with Collins ' defense .
I would say that this is couched in blame - shifting ( to CENTCOM ) and comparative terms ( " noticeably fatter in every category " ) .
None of which mitigates against the assertion that it was an economy of force operation , under - resourced for the extent of it 's mission .
Because the answer is , if in context the mission was n't under - resourced , then the deterioration of conditions means the mission was badly defined .
Which still leaves the onus for the current situation sitting squarely on Secretary Rumsfeld 's desk .
[ Photo : U.S. Northern Command ]
U.S. President Barack Obama speaks at the U.S. Department of Transportation in Washington March 3 , 2009 .
Obama said on Tuesday he saw little hope of near - term improvement in the U.S. economy after a staggering drop in gross domestic product in the final three months of last year .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday dismissed as inaccurate a report he had linked U.S. plans for a missile defense shield to Russian help on Iran in a letter to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev .
The New York Times reported on Tuesday that Obama had offered the deal in a letter hand - delivered to Medvedev in Moscow last month by top administration officials .
Obama said the report did not “ accurately characterize the letter . ”
Medvedev ’s spokeswoman earlier confirmed receipt of the letter but said it contained no concrete proposals .
Thais donned red shirts in protest at the far - right PAD 's opposition to Thailand 's elected government .
By Giles Ji Ungpakorn
February 9 , 2009 --
The enemies of the Thai people and democracy may have their army , courts and prisons .
They may have seized and rigged parliament and established the government through crimes like the blockading of the airports and other undemocratic actions by the PAD [ Peoples Alliance for Democracy ] .
Yet those who love democracy , the Redshirts , have strength in numbers and are waking up to political realities .
Disorganised and scattered , this movement of ours will be weak , but a party that is organised and self - led can create a democratic fist to smash the dictatorship .
While world leaders such as US President Obama struggle to solve the serious economic crisis , the Democrat Party government in Thailand is allowing thousands of workers to lose their jobs .
The government sees its priority only in cracking down on the opposition using les majeste , it has even created a website where citizens can inform on each other .
Troops have been sent into communities and villages to stifle dissent .
The enemies of democracy have guns , an army and shadowy bosses in high places .
But their weakness is that they are united around an absurd and unscientific ideology : the ideology of the monarchy .
This ideology seeks to make
Thais into grovelling serfs .
They want us to believe that an ordinary human being , just because of an accident of birth , can be transformed into a god , when the true abilities of the king are no different from millions of ordinary engineers , artists , farmers or skilled workers .
The conservative elites want us to believe that the king loves and takes care of the people .
But the Thai population are quite capable of looking after themselves .
All that is beautiful and honourable about Thai society has been created by working people .
This king :
grew in stature under the corrupt military dictators : Sarit , Tanom and Prapass ;
allowed innocent people to be executed after they were falsely accused of killing his older brother ;
supported the blood bath at Thammasart University on October 6 , 1976 , because he felt that Thailand had " too much democracy " .
He was also the patron of the violent gang that were called the " village scouts " ;
allowed the army to stage a coup in September 2006 .
Furthermore he allowed his name to be used by the army , the PAD protestors and the Democrat Party , in the destruction of democracy ;
has been an advocate of economic views which reveal his opposition to state social welfare for the poor .
But what is worse , as one of the richest men in the world , the king has the arrogance to lecture the poor to be sufficient in their poverty ( through the notion of the ``Sufficiency Economy ' ' ) ;
finally , this king allows his supporters to proclaim that he is " the father of the nation " , and yet his own son is not respected by anyone in Thai society !
The elites in Thailand , who claim legitimacy from the king , are exploiters and blood suckers .
They are not the real owners of society .
They should remember that their wealth and status is as a result of the hard work of those ordinary citizens whom they despise .
For the millions of Thais who know all this to be true , it is only fear and intimidation that stops us all from speaking this truth out loud .
If we are alone , we will be frightened .
If we are together we will have courage .
It is time to bring into the open our anger , courage and reason in order to destroy the fear in Thai society and to bring light back to our country .
We must all ask questions about the present regime , which after all is nothing other than a dictatorship which shrouds us in darkness .
When we all stand up and ask questions , they cannot jail us all .
So long as we crawl before the ideology of the monarchy , we shall remain no better than animals .
We must stand up and be humans , citizens in a modern world .
The red , white and blue Thai flag , copied from the West in order to indoctrinate us to be loyal to " Nation , Religion and King " , the same slogan which was recently last used by the PAD protesters who blocked the airports .
Yet during the French revolution , the red , white and blue meant " Liberty , Equality and Fraternity " .
This is the slogan we must use to free Thailand from the " New Order " which the PAD and the army have installed .
How can we organise ?
Stop dreaming that ex-PM
Thaksin will lead the struggle to free society .
We cannot rely on the politicians of Pua Thai , either .
They will only fight within the confines of present structures of society while thousands of citizens wish to go further .
Fighting outside the confines of present - day Thai society does not mean taking up arms .
It means arming ourselves and the masses of pro-democracy people with ideas that can lead to freedom .
We must set up political education groups and form ourselves into a party .
This party must be led from below by people in all communities , workplaces and educational institutions .
Yet we must be coordinated .
We must be firm and confident that all of us can be empowered take a lead and determine our policies .
This will be our strength .
Our weapons will be mass demonstrations , strikes and spreading ideas to all sections of society , including the lower ranks of the army .
As a movement for genuine democracy , our party must act openly .
But in the face of repression through violence and legal means such as les majeste , we shall also have to organise secretly .
They must not be able to destroy our movement by arresting top leaders .
This is another reason why we want self - leadership from below .
What should our common platform look like ?
It is not for one person to determine the common platform , which must of necessity be a collective decision .
But as a staring point I offer the following ideas , the ideas of one red-shirted citizen .
1 . We must have freedom of expression and the freedom to choose our own government without repression and fear .
2 . We must have equality .
We have to abolish the mentality of " big people - little people " .
We must abolish the practice of crawling to the royal family .
Politicians must be accountable to the electorate , not to shadowy conniving figures beyond popular control .
We need to build a culture where citizens respect each other .
We must have freedom and equality of the sexes and among different ethnicities .
We must respect women , gays and lesbians .
We must respect Burmese , Laotians , Cambodians and the Muslim Malay people in the south .
Women must have the right to choose safe abortions .
Refugees should be treated with friendship and dignity as any civilised society would do .
3 . Our country must be a welfare state .
Taxes must be levied on the rich .
The poor are not a burden , but are partners in developing the country .
People should have dignity .
The present exploitative society stifles individuals and destroys personal creativity .
4 . In our country the king should honour his constitutional role and stop intervening in politics .
But the ruling class in Thailand gain much from using the monarchy and they will not easily stop doing this .
Therefore the best way to solve this problem is to build a republic where all public positions are elected and accountable .
5 . For too long
Thai society has been under the iron heel of the generals .
We must cut the military budget and abolish the influence of the army in society ensuring that it can no long be an obstacle to democracy .
6 . We must have justice .
The judges should not claim power from the crown in order to stop people criticising their decisions .
We must change the way that " contempt of court " laws are used to prevent accountability .
We need to reform the justice system root and branch .
We need a jury system .
The police must serve the population , not extract bribes from the poor .
7 . Citizens in towns and communities must take part in the management of all public institutions such as state enterprises , the media , schools and hospitals .
8 . Our country must modernise .
We need to develop the education system , transport and housing .
We should create energy from wind and solar power to protect the environment .
9 . Our country must be peace loving , not start disputes with neighbouring countries or support wars .
The dinosaurs of Thai society , the yellow - shirted royalists , will froth at the mouth in anger at this manifesto , but that is merely the symptom of people who carry superstitious beliefs from the past , seeking to cling to their privileges at all costs .
Their time is finished .
We , the pro-democracy Redshirts , will move forward to build a new society .
The elites have no right to rob the people of their dignity in order to prop up their own status .
This sacrifice of the poor for the benefit of the elites must stop .
Those that say that Thailand is " a special case because we have a king " are merely confirming that the special status of Thailand , which they want to protect , is barbarism and dictatorship .
Statements about " national security " are only about the security for those who exploit and oppress the rest of us .
It is not about peace and security for citizens .
This manifesto is just a proposal for a joint platform among Redshirts .
My own view is that our country should move even further to a socialist society , democratic and without class exploitation .
But that is a long - term goal .
The ruling class only appears powerful because we are crawling on our knees .
What we need to do is to stand up , think and act for ourselves .
Then we will see how weak and pathetic they really are !
In the past , whether it was during the 1932 revolution or the 1970s struggles against dictatorship , people dreamt of freedom , democracy and social justice .
It is time to turn this dream into reality .
[ Giles Ji Ungpakorn works in the faculty of political science , Chulalongkorn University , Bangkok , Thailand .
He is facing charges under Thailand antidemocratic les majeste laws .
He is an activist with the socialist Turn Left Thailand group .
Visit http://www.pcpthai.org/ and http://wdpress.blog.co.uk/.]
Co to jest Enneagram ?
Słowo Enneagram pochodzi od połączenia dwóch greckich słów " ennea " oznaczaj ącego " dziewięć " oraz " gram " oznaczaj ącego " znak " .
Enneagram jest nauką próbującą scharakteryzować ludzkie rodzaje osobowości oraz związki pomiędzy nimi .
Enneagram dzieli ludzkie charaktery na 9 podstawowych typów .
Każdy z tych typów posiada swoje własne motywy działania , własne obawy oraz własne sposoby rozwiązywania problemów .
Każda osoba posiada tylko jeden typ charakteru , który się rozwija w okresie dzieciństwa i przyjmuje się , że jest on niezmienny podczas naszego całego życia .
Ponieważ symbol Enneagramu jest przedstawiony za pomocą okręgu , każdy z typów posiada dwa sąsiednie typy , które w mniejszym lub większym stopniu mogą wpływać na dany typ .
Te dwa typy są określane skrzydłami ( ang. wing ) i są używane pomocniczo przy określaniu typu danej osoby .
Dla przykładu , ktoś z typem 7 może mieć silny wpływ jednego ze swoich sąsiadów czyli typu 8 , wtedy określa się , że taka osoba posiada typ 7w8 .
Z kolei inna osoba posiadająca typ 8 z silnym wpływem typu 7 , posiada typ 8w7 .
Zachowanie obydwu osób może by ć bardzo podobne , jednak posiadaj ą one dwa różne motory swoich działań , które są określone przez ich typ główny .
Ponadto rozróżnia się dwa stany emocjonalne , stres i relaks .
Powodują one , że chwilowo przejmujemy pewne charakterystyczne cechy typu z którym jesteśmy połączeni .
Symbol Enneagramu pokazuje które typy są połączone z którymi typami .
Istnieją jednak obecnie dwa sposoby interpretacji tych połączeń .
Pierwszy , starszy , został przedstawiony przez psycholog Helen Palmer , według której tylko stan emocjonalny powoduje przejęcie cech wynikających z połączenia .
Drugi , nowszy , przedstawiony przez psychologów Dona Richarda Riso oraz Russa Hudsona mówi , że owszem możemy przejmować pewne cechy , ale jest to określone nie tylko przez nasz stan emocjonalny , lecz również przez nasz ogólny charakter .
Opisy zawarte na tej stronie opierają się głównie na tej drugiej interpretacji .
Uwzględnione są również skrzydła .
Dla przykładu typ 7 posiada połączenia z typami 1 oraz 5 . W stanie stresu osoba z typem 7 , może przejąć najgorsze cechy typów 1 i 5 , z kolei w stanie relaksu przejmuje najlepsze cechy typów 1 i 5 .
Ponadto każda osoba może by ć emocjonalnie stabilna czyli zdrowa lub może być niezdrowa .
W tym drugim stanie ujawniają się wszelkie wady wynikające z jej typu charakteru , podczas gdy osoba znajdująca się w pierwszym stanie , potrafi w pełni wykorzystać swoje zalety zupełnie " zapominając " o wadach .
Jak widać rodzajów charakterów może być bardzo dużo .
Wynikają one ze skrzydeł typów jak i z połączeń .
Jednak to główny typ danej osoby określa jej motywy działania , obawy i jej ogólny obraz zachowania .
Pochodzenie Enneagramu jest wciąż tematem rozważań i wielu domysłów .
Jedna z najwcześniejszych wzmianek podaje Rosjanina o nazwisku Gieorgij Iwanowicz Gjurdżijew ( 1866-1949 ) , który podróżując po Afryce Północnej i Azji poznawał starożytne tradycje i wierzenia .
W czasie tych podróży natrafił on na pradawną naukę suficką , którą nazwał Czwart ą Drogą i która tak zafascynowała Gjurdżijewa iż uznał , że zacznie jej nauczać wśród zachodnich państw .
Jednakże pierwszy poważny opis Enneagramu należy przypisać czylijczykowi Oscarowi Ichazo który studiował wiele nauk takich jak Zen , I Ching , Buddyzm , Judaizm , a także Czwartą Drogę Gjurdżijewa .
Ichazo w latach 60 - tych XX wieku rozwinął teorię dziewięciu osobowości i nauczył jej czylijskiego psychologa Cladio Naranjo .
Naranjo " przetłumaczył " tą naukę na język współczesnej psychologii i we wczesnych latach 70 - tych przedstawił ją na forum psychologów w Ameryce Północnej .
Najsłynniejsze ze współczesnych opracowań Enneagramu to Helen Palmer - The Enneagram : Understanding Yourself and the Others in Your Life z roku 1988 oraz Don Richard Riso i Russ Hudson - Enneagram Transformation : Releases and Affirmations for Healing Your Personality Type - 1993 .
Enneagram stał się narzędziem badania osobowości używanym również w wielkich korporacjach .
Opracowany przez Uniwersytet Stanforda system jest używany w takich firmach jak ( podane za zagranicznym wydaniem Newsweek ) Motorola , Marriott , Silicon Graphics czy nawet przez Pocztę Stanów Zjednoczonych .
