Welcome to Consciousness Online , home of the five Online Consciousness Conferences .
To access past conferences , including all conference materials and discussion , go to the program of the conference you are interested in viewing .
Each conference led to a published collection and links to the final published versions of papers are also available .
Enjoy !
CO1 : Keynote by David Rosenthal
Program
Resulting Special Issue of Journal of Consciousness Studies
CO2 : Keynotes by Hakwan Lau ( with commentary by Ned Block , David Rosenthal , and David Chalmers ) & Colin Clifford
Program
Resulting Special Issue of Consciousness and Cognition
CO3 : Keynotes by Kathleen Aikins , Paul Churchland , Stevan Harnad , and Jesse Prinz plus special session on Direct Realism and Perceptual Justification
CO4 : Keynote by Bernard Baars plus special sessions on Action Consciousness , the Developmental Conditions of Self - Consciousness , and Attention , Awareness , and Expectation
Program
Resulting Special Issue of Philosophical Topics
CO5 : Keynote by Dan Dennett plus special session on Self - Consciousness
Program
Resulting Special Issue of Philosophical Studies
Blogger is a clean and cool free blogging WordPress theme created for just that - blogging .
The theme is centered around your blog posts and video posts .
The first one took place at the bleakest point of the campaign , the long prelude to the Pennsylvania primary , which was dominated by a furor over Mr. Obama ’s former pastor .
“ We were in the desert , so to speak , ” remembered Arun Chaudhary , then and now Mr. Obama ’s videographer , who grew up attending Seders with his half - Jewish , half - Indian family .
No one led the proceedings ; everyone took turns reading aloud .
Mr. Obama had brought Reggie Love , his personal aide , Ms. Jarrett and Eric Whitaker , another close friend , all African - American .
Jennifer Psaki , the traveling press secretary , and Samantha Tubman , a press assistant , filtered in .
Neither had ever been to a Seder , but they knew the Exodus story , Ms. Psaki from Catholic school and Ms. Tubman from childhood Sundays at black churches .
Image Susan Sher , who is now Michelle Obama 's chief of staff , at the White House Seder last year .
Credit ... Pete Souza / White House
They peppered the outnumbered Jews at the table with questions , which the young men sometimes struggled to answer .
“ We ’re not exactly crack Hebrew scholars , ” said Mr. Lesser , now an assistant to Mr. Axelrod .
Participants remember the evening as a rare moment of calm , an escape from the din of airplanes and rallies .
As the tale of the Israelites unfolded , the campaign team half - jokingly identified with their plight — one day , they too would be free .
At the close of the Seder , Mr. Obama added his own ending — “ Next year in the White House ! ”
Indeed , the group , with a few additions , has now made the Seder an Executive Mansion tradition .
( No one considered inviting prominent rabbis or other Jewish leaders ; it is a private event . )
But maintaining the original humble feel has been easier said than done .
Ms. Tubman and Desirée Rogers , then the White House social secretary , tried to plan an informal meal last year , with little or even no wait staff required .
White House ushers reacted with what seemed like polite horror .
The president and the first lady simply do not serve themselves , they explained .
The two sides negotiated a compromise : the gefilte fish would be preplated , the brisket passed family - style .
A fascinating account of a relatively unknown piece of political history .
Before the Iraq war and the Bush Administration , there was John Lennon , who used his fame and fortune to protest the Vietnam War and advocate world peace .
This documentary is the compelling true story of how and why the U.S. Government tried to silence him , and the events that transformed him from a beloved musical artist into an anti-war activist and an inspirational icon .
It will also show that this was not just an isolated episode in American history but that the issues and struggles of that era remain relevant today .
Posted on by denverabc
“ We have for the first time succeeded in preventing the biggest neo - Nazi march in Europe . ”
Germany ’s neo -Nazis gathered at the Neustadt Railway station in Dresden for the annual event in which neo -Nazis commemorate the bombing of Dresden by the Allies during World War II .
Police say approximately 5,000 neo -Nazis gathered in preparation for a “ funeral march ” to mark the deaths of Germans killed in the Allied bombing of the city 65 years ago .
Anticipating trouble , the police presence numbered approximately 5,000 .
But it was the anti-Nazis who were the story Saturday .
Police estimate between 10,000 to 15,000 people showed up to block the neo -Nazis .
The anti-Nazis joined hands in a human chain to prevent the neo - Nazi ’s from gaining access to Dresden ’s city center .
Spokesperson for Dresden without Nazis , Lena Roth told media
“ We have for the first time succeeded in preventing the biggest neo - Nazi march in Europe . ”
Dresden without Nazis is a loose alliance of many different Dreden groups .
The weather Saturday was cold , but those who gathered to oppose the neo - Nazis said it difficult to stay outside , but it was worthwhile .
In spite of the heavy police presence , there were scuffles , injuries and arrests .
The neo -Nazis have gathered on each anniversary of the bombing of Dresden , which took place 65 years ago , to draw attention to the “ suffering of the German people . ”
Neo -Nazis maintain that the bombing of Dresden was a “ halocaust ” for the Germans .
However , those who turned out to opposed the neo -Nazis said it was important to remember the Nazis had caused World War II .
Dresden city officials and residents mark the anniversary of the bombing every year .
This year , thousands of Dresden residents marked the anniversary in a candle - light ceremony on Saturday night .
The neo -Nazis had come to Dresden from around Germany .
The pro-Nazis were violent , and police warned them they could not guarantee their safety .
There were clashes between police and neo -Nazis , resulting in some injuries .
Pro-Nazi protesters also lit barricades on fire .
The Neustadt Railway station is significant to the neo - Nazis because during the war , it is where the Nazis sent off trains full of thousands of Jews and other people to Auschwitz .
During the war , Allied Forces thought Dresden was “ a vital command center ” for the Nazis .
The bombing mission took 12 hours to complete , and when done , Dresden was destroyed .
An exact death toll is not known , but estimates range from between 25,000 to 100,000 deaths .
The raid has remained controversial , and to this day , the death toll remains debated .
Dresden has since been rebuilt .
In 2005 , a large contingent of approximately 5,000 neo -Nazis managed to disrupt commemorative ceremonies in Dresden , marking the anniversary .
Share this :
Share
Print
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : News | Tagged : Anarchists in Trouble , Antifa , Dresden , Germany , Victory |
When the Cold War ended , many people feared that new and old conflicts around the world would start flaring up .
But this did not happen in East Asia - despite China 's economic expansion , historical conflicts in the area and a number of flash points , such as North Korea .
' There should be more wars in the area , ' says Mikael Weissman from the University of Gothenburg , Sweden , in a new doctoral thesis .
Mikael Weissmann 's thesis in peace and development research sets out to explore why there is peace in Asia .
He directs particular attention to the role of China in three specific contexts : its relation with Taiwan and the developments in North Korea and in the South China Sea .
The dominant research paradigm - neorealism - has painted a gloomy picture of post - Cold War East Asia , with constant conflicts dominating the predictions .
Other theories have problems explaining the East Asian peace as well , even if they tend to be less pessimistic .
' One of the major problems with the mainstream theories is their inability to explain the peace in regions such as East Asia that lack security organisations or other formalised mechanisms to manage conflicts . '
Focus on the role of China
Weissman has investigated the role of both formal and informal processes in preventing conflicts and establishing peace in three cases from 1990 to 2008 : the conflict between Mainland China and Taiwan and the cases of North Korea and the South China Sea ( which several countries claim ) .
The study focuses especially on China 's role in these three cases .
The case studies are based on interviews with key people ( including policymakers and military personnel ) , and were conducted during more than one - and - a - half years of fieldwork in China .
The study concludes that there are numerous processes in place , and that they have indeed been important for the maintenance of peace in the area .
These processes have both prevented conflicts from escalating into wars and facilitated a more durable peace .
' Five types of processes have been identified as the most central .
We 're talking about elite interactions , meaning different forms of networks , contacts , and social interaction among influential individuals , and increased economic cooperation and interdependence among countries in East Asia .
These processes , in combination with China 's increasing institutionalisation of peaceful relations with its neighbours and acceptance of multilateralism - or willingness to negotiate and cooperate with several other parties on various issues instead of negotiating with only one party at a time ( bilateralism ) - have resulted in the peace we 're seeing . '
###
Review : Dragon Age : Origins Awakening
by Michael Camacho [ Monday , 22nd of March 2010 - 03:50 PM ]
It has only been four months since Dragon Age : Origins was released by Bioware , and already they have released one DLC ( Return to Orzammar ) and now we have the first full expansion pack , known as Awakening .
For those who have completed the main game , this is your chance to take your character (s ) and continue their story and development .
Bioware does a good job with continuity story wise - as some decisions you made in the first one carry over to the expansion .
You will even come across quite a few members of your group from the original game , but only one is available as a playable character in Awakening .
Your character will keep all stats and abilities from the first game , but not all of your items will follow your character to the new game .
I found this out the hard way when I was stuck punching enemies as the game began .
You begin this game by arriving at Vigil 's Keep to take command of the Grey Wardens , only to find that Darkspawn have attacked .
You quickly jump into action to defeat the Darkspawn and save the Keep .
Once you defend Vigil 's Keep from the Darkspawn , you begin your new campaign to find out why the Darkspawn have not retreated and are now showing individual intelligence .
As you go through the story , you have the option to recruit other characters to your party .
This is all optional , as you can deny them , and in some cases , flat out kill the character .
Unlike the original , and actually very similar to Mass Effect 2 , all your actions effect the outcome of the game .
Yes your decisions are still key to the outcome as in all Bioware games , but the people you recruit , how you handle their personal quests , and how you upgrade your army , the Keep , and weapons are key to your success in the end .
At the end of the game , you are forced to make a decision that is almost as tough of a choice as the ones you make towards the end of Mass Effect 2 .
A new addition are court sessions amongst nobles and commoners in your land .
After each major section of the story , you can go back to the keep and engage in these sessions .
You get to decide how to handle punishments for crimes , disputes amongst different parties , and more .
I really enjoyed having this kind of influence over the story and the people you rule over .
It really helps to engage you as a player even more into the story and character you are developing .
Combat and leveling are still the same as the original , so you wo n't find any surprises in this department .
Bioware has added new Specializations to each class to improve upon the abilities already available to each character .
The level cap has been raised , as I reached level 31 by the time I finished the game .
There is also no real change or upgrade to the boss battles .
I did find it rather disappointing that every boss is very similar to everything you defeated in the original game .
While the majority of the expansion pack is an excellent piece of work by Bioware , there are a lot of glaring omissions and faults to be found in the game .
The glitches and mistakes are many and at times can have negative affects .
At one point , I had gone up to the upper level of the city walls , only to be engaged in battle with enemies below .
I could neither target them from above , nor could I gain access to the ground level , as the doors were not selectable .
This caused me to reload a previous save and lose about an hour of playtime .
Another time , I entered an area and the mini-map was non existent .
It was completely black with a gray triangle showing which direction I was facing .
I also encountered graphical glitches in which one character briefly looked like she had spikes coming out of her hands during a cut scene .
While the story is a great continuation , the new characters are n't always as good or as developed as the original .
While a few of the characters really stand out , a couple feel dry and bland and lack the great personality commonly found in Origins .
Another issue is the lack of romance in this expansion ; this was something that was really pushed in Origins .
This problem is n't exclusive to romancing party members , but the fact that depending on who you romanced in Origins , you may not even see them in this expansion .
Depending on who that was , you may only end up with only some mention of it in text at the end of the game .
All in all , despite the flaws and lack of polish that Awakening suffers from , the game is a solid continuation of the story for fans of Dragon Age : Origins .
Depending on how you decide to play out the storyline , this game will range between 20 and 30 hours of gameplay .
None of the listed faults will completely hinder your enjoyment of Dragon Age : Origins Awakening , and the amount of content available for the price is well worth the investment .
Michael purchased Dragon Age : Origins Awakening for the XBox 360 and received no considerations from Electronic Arts or Bioware .
Humanity almost seems extraneous ; some special - effects planetarium shows introduce us to the most exotic aspects of matter and time , but are not very revealing about the ordinary human experience of the heavens .
Image FOOD AND FAUNA Cricket crispy treats at the Audubon Insectarium in New Orleans .
Credit ... Cheryl Gerber for The New York Times
Of course , the insignificance of human existence is one of the fearsome lessons of modern science .
But when we are young , we learn differently .
We begin by learning to value our own understanding and only gradually come to recognize its limits .
We begin by making sense of the world before we see how much lies beyond sense .
The process does n’t work well in the other direction : we can be left mystified by the world and lose respect for the human .
Something like this has started to happen in some museums .
This decentering of the human can become a devaluing of the human ; the museum may even begin to see human frailties as a great flaw in the cosmic order that must be repaired .
So this new variety of science museum must not just display or explain .
It must be relevant , useful , practical , critical  something that helps with fund - raising as well .
Right now environmentalism has become the dominant theme for this kind of museum .
The California Academy of Sciences , a research institution in San Francisco , conceived of its new 409,000 - square - foot building , which opened in 2008 with a design by Renzo Piano , as a declaration of environmental sensitivity , making it metaphorically green in its use of resources and literally green with an undulating sod-covered rooftop .
Its major rainforest exhibition emphasizes ecological frailty .
Another exhibition urges visitors to change eating habits and “ make a pledge ” to alleviate the “ climate crisis . ”
Little new science is learned here , but many arguments are taught .
But a Foucault pendulum on display in a spare spot  once a major feature of science museums , with its demonstration of earth ’s rotation  seems as irrelevant to the academy ’s current purpose as its fossil collection .
Leaping into the same fray , an exhibit on climate change in 2008 at the American Museum of Natural History seemed so intent on urging consciousness change that it became uncharacteristically sloppy .
Data was used selectively , and a scary model showing southern Manhattan smothered by a five - meter rise in sea level turned out to be  if you read the label  something that “ experts consider unlikely anytime soon ” but could take place “ thousands of years in the future . ”
Issues about assessing probabilities or the cost of technologies were left unexplored in order to cultivate apocalyptic fears .
This model of advocacy has even become explicit at the Liberty Science Center in New Jersey , where its president , Emlyn Koster , has stressed his wish for “ relevancy ” and an interest in developing “ social and environmental responsibility . ”
The flaws in the natural order remain precisely the same .
Humans , we learn in various exhibitions , “ pose the greatest danger ” to certain creatures , “ damage ” the climate and are in turn threatened by disaster and pandemic .
Humanity is n’t only decentered ; it is decentering .
" On the way to the show the plate was on the back seat of the car , but on the way home I kept hold of it all the way . ”
MADISON , AL -- A 14 - year - old boy has been shot in the head while walking down a hallway in Discovery Middle School , HEMSI officials said .
The boy , whose name has not yet been released , is in " extremely critical condition , " said HEMSI Chief Operations Officer Don Webster .
Police are reporting that they have the suspect in custody .
Madison Mayor Paul Finley said the school has been put on lockdown , but all other students are safe .
Finley has asked parents not to come to the school at this time .
Read all of our coverage and the latest news on the Discovery Middle School shooting
Latest news :
Victim dies , police identify him as 14 - year - old Todd T. Brown
Shooter , another ninth grade student , to be charged with murder
Madison school shooting : Witness said she thought gunshot was balloon popping
Student describes terror inside Discovery Middle School after Madison school shooting
Video of the
Videos of the
Photo slideshow :
Witness :
Editor 's note :
An earlier version of this post said the victim was a 15 - year - old boy .
Police later said the boy , Todd T. Brown , is 14 years old .
Home
Prestwold Hall , in the heart of Leicestershire Wolds , is a Grade I listed stately home and has been the seat of the Packe family for over 350 years .
Remodelled in the 1840's , the house is widely regarded as architect , William Burn 's , finest building in the neoclassical style .
The gardens reflect the classical symmetry of the house and look out across gently rising parkland .
Standing above shrubbery to the west of the house is the medieval parish church of St Andrew's , Prestwold .
Prestwold is a private residence but over the years has become a popular wedding venue and can also be exclusively hired for film location work , parties , and corporate events .
Every event held at Prestwold , in the house or in the park , is unique , yet boasts the character and service that the house and staff are renowned for .
For more information about the history of Prestwold Hall click below
Find out more
If you have n't changed the default password on your home router , you may be in for an unwanted visit from Chuck Norris -- the Chuck Norris botnet , that is .
Discovered by Czech researchers , the botnet has been spreading by taking advantage of poorly configured routers and DSL modems , according to Jan Vykopal , the head of the network security department with Masaryk University 's Institute of Computer Science in Brno , Czech Republic .
The malware got the Chuck Norris moniker from a programmer 's Italian comment in its source code : " in nome di Chuck Norris , " which means " in the name of Chuck Norris . "
Norris is a U.S. actor best known for his martial arts films such as " The Way of the Dragon " and " Missing in Action . "
Security experts say that various types of botnets have infected millions of computers worldwide to date , but Chuck Norris is unusual in that it infects DSL modems and routers rather than PCs .
It installs itself on routers and modems by guessing default administrative passwords and taking advantage of the fact that many devices are configured to allow remote access .
It also exploits a known vulnerability in D - Link Systems devices , Vykopal said in an e-mail interview .
A D- Link spokesman said he was not aware of the botnet , and the company did not immediately have any comment on the issue .
Like an earlier router - infecting botnet called Psyb0t , Chuck Norris can infect an MIPS - based device running the Linux operating system if its administration interface has a weak username and password , he said .
This MIPS / Linux combination is widely used in routers and DSL modems , but the botnet also attacks satellite TV receivers .
Vykopal does n't know how big the Chuck Norris botnet is , but says he has evidence that the hacked machines " are spread around the world : from South America through Europe to Asia .
The botnet aims at many networks of ISP [ Internet service provider ] and telco operators , " he said .
Right now Chuck Norris - infected machines can be used to attack other systems on the Internet , in what are known as distributed denial of service attacks .
The botnet can launch a password - guessing dictionary attack on another computer , and it can also change the DNS ( Domain Name System ) settings in the router .
With this attack , victims on the router 's network who think they are connecting to Facebook or Google end up redirected to a malicious Web page that then tries to install a virus on their computers .
Once installed in the router 's memory , the bot blocks remote communication ports and begins to scan the network for other vulnerable machines .
It is controlled via IRC .
Because the Chuck Norris botnet lives in the router 's RAM , it can be removed with a restart .
Users who do n't want to be infected can mitigate the risk -- the simplest way of doing this is by using a strong password on the router or modem .
Users can also address the problem by keeping their firmware up - to - date and by disabling remote - access services .
In recent years , hackers have started looking at devices such as routers , which are often not properly secured , Vykopal said .
" They are not regularly patched and updated , even though the patches are available . "
The devices " are also continuously connected to the Internet and they are up for days and months , " he said .
In the future , he expects that even more malware will target these devices .
Despite their rarity , router - based botnets are not particularly hard to create , said Dancho Danchev , an independent cyber threats analyst , speaking via instant message .
" Router - based botnets are not rocket science given a common flaw can be exploited , and every then and now [ one ] appears . "
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
Fukutoku - Okanoba is a submarine volcano , but its summit is just 14 meters ( 46 feet ) below sea level .
When the volcano erupted in early February 2010 , Japan ’s coast guard captured the event on video .
The volcano released ash and steam plumes , and evidence of the volcano ’s activity lingered days later when the Advanced Land Imager ( ALI ) on NASA ’s Earth Observing - 1 ( EO - 1 ) satellite captured this true - color image on February 11 , 2010 .
The clearest evidence of activity at Fukutoku - Okanoba is the discolored water west of the summit .
Vapor released by Fukutoku - Okanoba might account for the clouds floating overhead , but they might be unrelated to the volcano .
Roughly 5 kilometers ( 3 miles ) northeast of the island of Minami - Iwo - jima and about 1,000 kilometers ( 600 miles ) south of the main Japanese archipelago , Fukutoku - Okanoba occurs in an area where several short - lived volcanoes formed in the twentieth century .
NASA Earth Observatory image created by Jesse Allen , using EO - 1 ALI data provided courtesy of the NASA EO - 1 team .
Caption by Michon Scott .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Social networking behavior — endless repetitive page views , unvetted content — is n’t a great fit for traditional forms of online advertising .
Early attempts to bring search or brand ads onto sites like MySpace ( s NWS ) and Facebook had pathetic results compared the trajectories of the sites ’ popularity and attention .
But now , a few years in , social media companies are starting to discover how to advertise to their own audience .
And in the last five months , Digg has figured out a model that makes sense .
So much so that its new site - specific ad formats already account for more than a third of its revenue .
Digg , through its savvy users ’ curation of news , facilitates tons of page views , comments and clicks to publishers ’ sites , but as we here at the GigaOM network have seen firsthand , such bursts of traffic do nothing for advertisers ’ click - through rates ( CTR ) .
So the company last year launched a program called Digg Ads ( it kicked off with paying customers in October ) in which advertisers submit or sponsor content with the look and feel of Digg .
The company ’s publisher and chief revenue officer , Chas Edwards , who came to Digg from Federated Media , told us that it realized that its “ local language ” is blue headlines and yellow vote boxes .
So now ads are made in the “ vernacular ” of Digg .
Five months in , Digg Ads are contributing 25 - 30 percent of the company ’s revenue , said Edwards .
The site also runs Digg - looking ads in its standard IAB spots , bringing in about another 10 percent of its revenue .
The company doubled its revenue in 2009 , becoming profitable on an EBITDA basis , and expects to do the same or better this year , according to Edwards .
While Digg — which has an 11 - person sales team and uses Microsoft to sell its remnant inventory — had initially thought Digg Ads , with their cheap cost - per - click pricing , would be most useful for e-commerce advertisers like Best Buy ( s BBY ) and eBay ( s EBAY ) , that changed quickly out of the gate .
Now , the big spenders are brand advertisers from sectors like automotive , entertainment and financial services — the folks who would traditionally be running banner ads and the like , said Edwards .
Digg
Ads as a whole see about a 1 percent click - through rate , but what ’s interesting is the spread between more successful ads and less successful ones .
Campaigns that mimic the style of Digg — using a numbered list , for example , or pointing to articles rather than product information — were much more effective , with up to 4 percent CTRs compared to 0.3 or 0.4 for the worst - performing Digg Ads. Toyota ( s TM ) , for example , ran 16 different creatives for a Prius campaign with Digg ( this was before the recall ) , said Edwards , with one of the most successful being a link to an Toyota - sponsored eHow article on “ 10 Tips From Happy People . ”
Of course , how many cars were actually sold through the promotion ( and perhaps later recalled ) , we do n’t know .
Alongside sponsored story submissions , Digg also invites advertisers to buy ad units and fill them with relevant organic Digg content .
So , for instance , in conjunction with CES in January , Intel ( s INTC ) ran a package of the top - ranked stories out of the trade show that updated automatically within an ad unit on Digg ’s site .
It was actually Intel that came up with the idea of running the same dynamic Digg units on other sites where Intel advertised , said Edwards , something Digg hopes will become standard practice .
Overall , those ads get o.9 percent CTRs in standard IAB units , said Edwards , up to 2 percent when put in a Unicast slider ad unit that comes across the page .
What ’s next for Digg , which at 40 million monthly uniques is a long ways from where it wants to be ?
As the site redesigns itself this spring to become a personalized news home page by harnessing more signals about what each member is interested in , targeted ads will follow , said Edwards .
And the Digg Ad formats will come along for the ride , bringing in dynamic feeds of relevant sponsored stories .
Digg Ads , by definition , are n’t the solution for every other social media site hankering to monetize , but other sites should also be able to find value by mimicking and blending in with their own particular mix of user activity and engagement .
Which , if all goes well , will bring value not only to the companies ’ bank accounts but to their users ’ experiences , too .
Related content from GigaOM Pro ( sub req ’d ) :
Monetizing the Social Web Is n’t One Size Fits All
This article also appeared on BusinessWeek.com .
The so - called underwear bomber would n't have brought down Northwest Flight 253 if he had succeeded in detonating the bomb in his pants , according to the results of a test conducted for the BBC .
A controlled test using a decommissioned Boeing 747 found the plane would have landed safely in Detroit .
The plane 's fuselage was not breached during a test that used the same amount and type of explosive Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab ( pictured ) is accused of carrying on Christmas Day .
Abulmutallab and the passenger next to him would have been killed , the test found , and there would have been chaos aboard the Airbus A330 as it approached Detroit from Amsterdam .
" I'm very confident that the flight crew could have taken this airplane without any incident at all and get it on the ground safety , " Captain J. Joseph , an air accident investigator involved in the test , told BBC News .
The controlled test was performed for the BBC Two documentary " How Safe Are Our Skies . "
Dr. John Wyatt , described by BBC as " an international terrorism and explosives advisor to the U.N. " and Joseph conducted the test on an old 747 at an aircraft graveyard in England .
They used the same amount of pentaerythritol Abulmutallab is accused of carrying and placed it in the same location the Nigerian was sitting aboard Flight 253 .
The two experts concluded the amount was " nowhere near enough " the amount needed to breach the fuselage , according to BBC .
" If it was a more rigid material , then we might have seen a crack or breakthrough , but this is actually quite a flexible material , " Wyatt said .
" I was extremely impressed by the aircraft structure .
It can sustain quite a hefty thump . "
Flight 253 was approaching Detroit at an altitude of about 10,000 feet when Abulmutallab allegedly attempted the bombing .
The BBC said that although its test was conducted on the ground , the difference in pressure inside and outside the aircraft would not have been sufficient to influence the outcome .
It also said the fact the decommissioned 747 did not have any doors would not have been a factor in the test .
* Photo : U.S. Marshals
*
2 Wochen , 6 Tage
Für Der einzig wahre Ivan schlüpft Bryan Cranston wieder in die Rolle eines Vaters .
Im Interview spricht der Schauspieler von Walter White und Hal aus Malcolm Mittendrin über die Beziehung zwischen Vater und Sohn oder in diesem Fall : Vater und Silberrücken - Gorilla .
Almost seven decades since Nazi Germany decimated Poland 's Jews in death camps like the notorious Auschwitz , Europe 's former Jewish heartland is reconnecting with a lost part of its identity .
The communists who took over after World War II imposed a wall of silence on a century of Jewish life here , but this has steadily crumbled since the regime 's collapse in 1989 .
Today , cultural festivals , cemetery restoration programs across Poland , school Jewish history classes , national commemorations and burgeoning academic research are reclaiming the past .
" Actually the fact there was silence for 50 years , 20 years later many people have a greater appreciation of the role of Jews -- that 's a very fast change , " Poland 's Chief Rabbi Michael Schudrich told AFP .
On the eve of the German invasion in 1939 , Poland was home to Europe 's largest Jewish community -- around 3.2 million people , representing 9 - 10 percent of the country 's total population in the 1931 census .
Half of the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust were Polish .
Most died in camps set up by the Germans in occupied Poland , such as Auschwitz - Birkenau , which has come to symbolize Nazi genocide , and whose January 27 , 1945 liberation is being commemorated this week .
By early 1946 , a year after the end of the war , Poland 's Jews numbered only around 200,000 , according to the Polish statistics office .
Most emigrated amid the creation of Israel in 1948 , or during anti-Semitic campaigns by the communist regime in the 1950s and 1960s sparked in part by power struggles within the ruling party .
" Up until the 1990s there was no way to have an open , public and broad discussion on these issues , because of communism , " said French academic Jean - Yves Potel , author of the 2009 work " The End of Innocence : Poland Facing its Jewish Past " .
The Holocaust wiped out centuries of shared history between Jews and non-Jewish Poles .
Jews first emigrated to Poland from western Europe to escape persecution there in the Middle Ages .
" Jews have been in Poland for almost 1,000 years .
Jews were part and parcel of Polish existence , of the culture , of the intellectual life , of the economic life , of the political life , " said Schudrich .
' Return of Jewish memory '
No one knows exactly how many Jews there are in the population of present - day Poland , a country of 38.5 million people , said Schudrich .
" Estimates are anywhere from 20,000 - 50,000 and the criteria is anecdotal , " he explained .
Warsaw secondary school history teacher Robert Szuchta is a pioneer in Holocaust education in Poland who has also built an international reputation .
He regularly takes his pupils around Warsaw 's former Jewish quarter -- mostly razed by the Nazis during a failed revolt in 1943 -- to help them empathize with the past in what before the war was the city with the second - largest Jewish population in the world , after New York .
" Look around you , " he tells the youngsters .
" One resident in three in the town where you live , where you were born and go to school , spoke Yiddish .
Where 's that world gone ? "
" I do n't have any family reason for doing this , " he told AFP , noting that he does not have Jewish roots .
" My personal reason is that this all hurts me everywhere . "
Polish - Jewish and Holocaust history are compulsory subjects through three levels of secondary schooling in Poland , taught within the main history curriculum as well as in literature , geography , civics and philosophy classes .
Szuchta said he seeks to paint an honest picture .
He steers his way between those in Poland who push the idea that every Pole heroically saved a Jew from the Nazis and those abroad who push a caricatural image of Polish anti-Semites turning in their Jewish neighbors .
Schudrich has seen attendees at his Warsaw synagogue -- the only one in the capital that survived the Nazi occupation -- get younger over the years as so - called " new Jews " discover lost roots and chose to leave the mainstream in a country that is overwhelmingly Roman Catholic .
The southern city of Krakow , long an important Jewish centre , buzzes every July to a major Jewish cultural festival .
Schudrich regularly gets asked for advice on small - town projects - renovation of abandoned cemeteries , for example - and says he 's noticed a subtle but crucial change in the past couple of years .
" Beforehand , wonderful people would call and they would want to save ' your Jewish cemetery ' , and now they want to save ' our Jewish cemetery ' , " he said .
" It 's really the return of Jewish memory as part of the national Polish memory , " he explained .
POLICE have targeted part of the Footscray central business district to test new search powers in a crackdown on drunkenness and violence .
Under new search laws enacted last month , police can declare areas designated search zones if they have a history of weapon use or if police believe an incident will happen .
On January 7 , a block north of the Maribyrnong town hall will be the first area to be searched under the legislation .
For three hours , police will be authorised to carry out weapons searches without warrants on members of the public , in their vehicles , and in '' anything ' ' under their control .
Police can seize weapons , request identification and detain people or vehicles to carry out the search .
The declaration was contained in the Victorian Government Gazette on New Year 's Eve .
Under the new laws , the designated areas must be advertised seven days in advance .
BEFORE THE CHANGE
Not every transgender person wants to change their sex .
Some do n’t want to lose their job or family .
Some cannot afford the surgery .
For those who do and want their surgery in the United States , there is a long and rigorous process .
It ’s based on ethical standards doctors have developed and updated since the 1970s .
The steps include :
They consult with a mental health professional .
A person must have a recommendation from a mental health professional in order to get hormones or surgery .
They seek out a medical doctor for hormones .
Taking estrogen will increase body fat , breast size and raise the voice .
Testosterone makes the voice lower and enhances muscle growth .
They need to live as the gender they want to be for at least a year .
After a year on hormones , people may seek out a surgeon .
Not every person wants surgery or can afford it , since it can vary from $ 5,000 to $ 50,000 , depending on the type of procedure .
A woman transitioning into a man may want a mastectomy or a phaloplasty , which is a surgery to build a penis .
A man transitioning into a woman might want surgery to feminize the face or Adams apple or change the sex organs .
Recovery can take 6 - 8 weeks for a man becoming a woman and 4 - 6 weeks for a woman becoming a man .
In Pennsylvania , a person can have the gender on their driver ’s license and birth certificate changed if they have documentation from a surgeon stating that their gender has been irreversibly altered .
FACTS
Number of transgender Americans :
No one really knows because no government body or marketing company has surveyed or counted them .
Number of transgender midstate residents : 40 often come to monthly meetings of TransCentral PA .
Roughly 300 are expected at the group ’s upcoming national conference , which draws people from as far away as the West Coast .
Marital rights : Transgender people have the same marital rights as anybody else .
They can marry someone of the opposite sex .
In states allowing gay marriage , they can marry someone of their sex .
If a couple is married and one or both people transition to the other gender , they can remain married .
Legal rights : The Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention
Act passed last fall means hate crimes include those motivated by a victim ’s real or perceived gender , sexual orientation or gender identity .
Transgender organizations are working for a federal Employment Non-Discrimination Act .
Of all 50 states , Pennsylvania has the most municipalities that have passed antidiscrimination acts that include gender discrimination .
One reason is because the state legislature has n’t .
Transgender people working in most of Pennsylvania ’s largest cities cannot be fired for being a transgender individual .
Military service : Transgender people are banned from service in the military , but there have been cases where it was tolerated .
Sources : National Center for Transgender Equality , TransCentral PA and The World Professional Association for Transgender Health
Newspaper of the Archdiocese of Anchorage
The IPCC has achieved much , but is it time for a rethink ?
( Image : Frank Krahmer / Getty )
LET ’S hear it for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
A big round of applause , please .
Really .
It has done amazing , Herculean work .
The IPCC was tasked by the governments of the world to deliver an encyclopedic consensus on the state of knowledge about one of the most far - reaching yet divisive questions of our time .
And this grouping of thousands of scientists , taking time out from their regular jobs has , for more than two decades , delivered .
Thanks to the IPCC ’s work , the world ’s nations have …
France has offered to create a joint UK - French nuclear deterrent by sharing submarine patrols , the Guardian has learned .
Officials from both countries have discussed how a deterrence - sharing scheme might work but Britain has so far opposed the idea on the grounds that such pooling of sovereignty would be politically unacceptable .
In a speech this morning in London , Gordon Brown said he had agreed to further nuclear co-operation with France last week after talks with Nicolas Sarkozy .
The prime minister did not comment explicitly about submarines , saying only that the UK and France would both retain " our independent nuclear deterrent " .
Britain and France each maintain " continuous at - sea deterrence " , which involves running at least one nuclear - armed submarine submerged and undetected at any given time .
It is a hugely expensive undertaking , and its usefulness in a post - cold war world has long been questioned by disarmament campaigners .
Britain 's independent deterrent , based on Trident missiles carried by submarines , could cost the country up to £ 100bn , according to some estimates , once planned modernisation to the fleet has been completed .
France also maintains a four - submarine Strategic Oceanic Force , with each submarine armed with 16 missiles .
Last September Brown said Britain 's submarine fleet could be reduced from four to three as a gesture towards disarmament , but the total financial savings were reported as relatively small .
" We have talked about the idea of sharing continuity at sea as part of a larger discussion about sharing defence burdens , " a French official said .
A British official confirmed that the French government had raised the idea of shared " continuous at - sea deterrence " , but added that any such scheme would cause " outrage " in the midst of an election campaign .
Today , Brown said of his talks with the French president : " We have agreed a degree of co-operation that is , I think , greater than we have had previously but we will retain , as will France , our independent nuclear deterrent .
" We wish , of course , to see multilateral disarmament around the world and we are ready to contribute towards that , but in a world that is so insecure , particularly with other countries trying to acquire nuclear weapons , we do not see the case for us withdrawing the independent nuclear deterrent that we have . "
Sarkozy and Brown discussed possibilities around nuclear defence co-operation when the French president visited London in March 2008 .
The joint declaration afterwards simply said the two countries would " foster our bilateral dialogue on nuclear deterrence " .
The same month , Sarkozy hinted at the potential for shared deterrence in a speech at Cherbourg .
" Together with the United Kingdom , we have taken a major decision : it is our assessment that there can be no situation in which the vital interests of either of our two nations could be threatened without the vital interests of the other also being threatened , " he said .
Following an underwater collision between French and British nuclear - armed submarines last February , France 's defence minister , Herve Morin , said the two navies would consider co-ordinating patrols .
" Between France and Britain , there are things we can do together … one of the solutions would be to think about the patrol zones , " he said .
It is unclear whether Morin 's offer was taken up by the Royal Navy .
The Sarkozy proposal would go much further – Britain and France would take turns to maintain an underwater vigil .
Proposals for closer UK - French defence co-operation have been driven by Paris , British defence officials emphasised yesterday , though Brown may raise the issue in remarks today to the Foreign Press Association in London .
Britain and France could synchronise nuclear deterrent patrols and co-operate in the deployment of surface fleet task forces , sources say .
However , British officials played down the possibility of formal agreements on the nuclear deterrent – or on sharing each other 's aircraft carriers .
" We could not make a full commitment , " a defence source said , referring to the deployment of carriers .
He referred to the British intervention in Sierra Leone 10 years ago and Iraq .
France did not " want to have anything to do with " either operation , the source said .
However , both governments say they recognise the potential scope for much closer co-operation both in terms of strategy and in procuring new weapons systems .
Liam Fox , the shadow defence secretary , has spelled out the possibilities of closer co-operation on a number of occasions recently .
" Our most important bilateral relationship in Europe is with France , " he said in a keynote speech .
" Most importantly , we are Europe 's only two nuclear powers and we contribute greatly to Nato 's security because of this .
A future Conservative government will continue and strengthen this relationship . "
He added that if the Conservatives formed the next government , the Ministry of Defence would invite France to make a formal submission to the promised Strategic Defence and Security Review " stating what they expect from their relationship with the United Kingdom " .
Fox told the Commons earlier this week : " We will need to be able to project power on a strategic level alongside the US and France . "
He is expected today to point to the advantages of closer defence procurement co-operation with France – on a bilateral basis , he will emphasise .
Successive British governments have been committed to a policy of " continuous at - sea deterrence " , with one nuclear - armed submarine on patrol at any time .
Naval commanders in the past have argued that to ensure this would require four Trident submarines – one on patrol , one preparing to go out on patrol , with two others being refitted , perhaps one needing an unexpected and long period in dock .
Those in favour of maintaining four submarines also argue that producing three would be almost as expensive , because many of the costs go on initial research and development , building the infrastructure and training the workforce .
France has three nuclear - armed submarines plus a new sub yet to be deployed .
Unlike Britain it also has aircraft capable of carrying nuclear bombs .
This morning , Joseph Kern brought something interesting to my attention .
Apparently , Dell is no longer supporting 3rd party drives in their current ( Gen 11 ) Poweredge servers .
Just in case Dell decides to yank that discussion , here it is , verbatim :
From : linux - poweredge - bounces - Lists On Behalf Of Philip Tait
Sent : Friday , February 05 , 2010 4:31 PM
To : linux - poweredge - Lists
Subject : Third - party drives not permitted on Gen 11 servers I just received my first Gen11 server , R710 , with H700 PERC .
I removed
the supplied drives , and installed 4 Barracuda ES.2s .
After doing a
“ Clear Configuration ” in the pre-boot RAID setup utility , I can perform
no operation with the drives — they are marked as “ blocked ” .
Is Dell preventing the use of 3rd- party HDDs now ?
Thanks for any enlightenment .
Philip J. Tait
http://subarutelescope.org
Howard_Shoobe at Dell.com Howard_Shoobe at Dell.com
Tue Feb 9 16:17:54 CST
2010
Thank you very much for your comments and feedback regarding exclusive use of Dell drives .
It is common practice in enterprise storage solutions to limit drive support to only those drives which have been qualified by the vendor .
In the case of Dell ’s PERC RAID controllers , we began informing customers when a non-Dell drive was detected with the introduction of PERC5 RAID controllers in early 2006 .
With the introduction of the PERC H700 / H800 controllers , we began enabling only the use of Dell qualified drives .
There are a number of benefits for using Dell qualified drives in particular ensuring a positive experience and protecting our data .
While SAS and SATA are industry standards there are differences which occur in implementation .
An analogy is that English is spoken in the UK , US and Australia .
While the language is generally the same , there are subtle differences in word usage which can lead to confusion .
This exists in storage subsystems as well .
As these subsystems become more capable , faster and more complex , these differences in implementation can have greater impact .
Benefits of Dell ’s Hard Disk and SSD drives are outlined in a white paper on Dell ’s web site at http://www.dell.com/downloads/global/products/pvaul/en/dell-hard-drives-pov.pdf
I have mixed feelings about this .
From Dell ’s standpoint , I can see wanting the customer to have the best possible experience , and trying to ensure data integrity by enabling drives that only have their specific firmware and so on .
And to be honest , this sort of thing is very common in the SAN arena .
Most SAN manufacturers openly state that only their drives with their firmwares will work with their arrays .
Of course , the cynic in me wonders how much that has to do with technology and how much has to do with the 4 x - 5 x multiplier premium they get for their drives .
That being said , the consumer in me rages .
Look at the verbiage of Howard ’s response .
“ There are a number of benefits for using Dell qualified drives in particular ensuring a positive experience and protecting our data . ”
It ’s not your data , Howard , and it ’s certainly not Dell’s .
It ’s mine .
And if I want to shoot myself in the foot by throwing in a drive with the cache enabled , warn me , but let me do it .
If I ignore those warnings and deem my data unimportant enough , then that ’s my problem .
Your servers are n’t so expensive that I ’m going to be leasing them in many cases .
That means some day , I ’m going to have a whole pile of old Dell servers that are unusable because I can’t upgrade to new drives unless I buy them from you , and I ’m sure as hell not going to do that at what you charge .
Grow up , issue a firmware that adds the warning back in , and let us use our hardware how we want .
[ Update ]
As of April 14th , Dell has reversed its position and has agreed to issue a firmware to permit 3rd party drives .
Great job listening to your customers , Dell !
Federal drug- enforcement agents Friday raided the home of a Highlands Ranch man who a day earlier bragged in a 9
News report about the large and profitable medical - marijuana - growing operation in his basement .
Along with the raid , Jeffrey Sweetin , the Drug Enforcement Administration ’s special agent in charge of the Denver office , sent a message to anyone involved in Colorado ’s increasingly profitable medical - marijuana industry .
“ It ’s still a violation of federal law , ” Sweetin said .
“ It ’s not medicine .
We ’re still going to continue to investigate and arrest people . ”
Agents at the scene Friday evening said the marijuana grower , Chris Bartkowicz , had been taken into custody .
Jeff Dorschner , a spokesman for the U.S. attorney ’s office in Denver , said the grower would be held over the long Presidents Day weekend before a decision on charges is made Tuesday .
“ The U.S. attorney ’s office will review the evidence the DEA collected before we make a determination whether we will prosecute , ” Dorschner said .
DEA agents converged on the house Friday afternoon and , before leaving several hours later , removed dozens of marijuana plants in black plastic trash bags as well as numerous high - powered growing lights .
On Thursday night , 9 News promoted a story about Bartkowicz ’s operation , and on Friday morning , Bartkowicz was featured in a 9 News story posted to its website and published in The Denver Post .
The story was to air on television Friday night .
He told the station he serves as a caregiver to a number of medical - marijuana patients and hoped to turn a profit this year in the hundreds of thousands of dollars .
“ I ’m definitely living the dream now , ” Bartkowicz told 9 News .
One block from school
That story — coupled with the proximity of Bartkowicz ’s home to Sand Creek Elementary School , a block away — drew the attention of DEA agents .
A memo in October from Deputy U.S. Attorney General David Ogden said federal agents should not target people in “ clear and unambiguous compliance with existing state laws providing for the medical use of marijuana . ”
The memo led many in Colorado ’s medical - marijuana community to believe that federal agents would no longer raid medical - marijuana dispensaries or growers .
But Sweetin said the memo does nothing to change federal law , which makes marijuana illegal , and instead mostly addresses treatment of medical - marijuana patients and small - scale growers .
“ Prosecution of commercial enterprises that unlawfully market and sell marijuana for profit continues to be an enforcement priority of the department , ” the memo states .
Guidelines included in the memo to distinguish between lawful medical - marijuana operations and unlawful ones include whether the operations produce more plants or generate more money than state laws intend .
Sweetin said those guidelines put much of Colorado ’s medical - marijuana industry in the crosshairs and that he has been gathering information on dispensary owners and their operations for months .
Risking arrest , jail time
“ Technically , every dispensary in the state is in blatant violation of federal law , ” he said .
“ The time is coming when we go into a dispensary , we find out what their profit is , we seize the building and we arrest everybody .
They ’re violating federal law ; they ’re at risk of arrest and imprisonment . ”
Matt Brown , executive director of the pro-dispensary Coloradans for Medical Marijuana Regulation , said Sweetin ’s statements are troubling .
Brown argued that the federal memo ’s hands - off order covers everyone in compliance with their state ’s medical - marijuana laws , a group Brown said includes dispensaries in Colorado .
Brown said Friday ’s raid highlights the need for lawmakers to create clear rules for how dispensaries should operate .
“ All we ’re trying to do is follow the rules , ” he said .
Bartkowicz had talked to 9
News about his efforts to keep a low profile and said he did n’t think his neighbors knew about what he was doing inside his house .
But several neighbors said Friday that they had suspicions after seeing activity late at night at the house and other puzzling activities .
“ I think it ’s awful , ” neighbor Linda Palmer said of the marijuana - growing operation .
“ There ’s an elementary school right there . ”
John Ingold : 303-954-1068 or jingold@denverpost.com
* POLICY ON SCHEDULING A MEETING AT ONE OF OUR APPOINTMENT ONLY SATELLITE LOCATIONS :
David W. Klasing ESQ. , MS - Tax , CPA , and the highly qualified and experienced staff of Attorneys , Certified Public Accountants and Enrolled Agents he has assembled , have a very unique and hard to find skill set .
Over the past several years , the demands for the firm ’s services have proven to extend to all of Southern California and beyond .
Since the opportunity costs involved with traveling to one of our satellite offices , where a client misses an appointment for any reason are astronomical , we require the client to first personally attend either a one hour reduced rate initial consultation in Irvine , California , or virtually via the internet through Go - To - Meeting software , or by phone .
Thereafter , if needed , we will book an appointment at one of our appointment only satellite offices .
Will it cost me more to hire the Tax Law Offices of David W. Klasing , who ’s main office and the vast majority of the firm ’s staff is located in Irvine California but a Satellite office is close to my location , as opposed to a local company ?
To enable our clients and potential clients to be indifferent on this very valid concern , we employ the following policies that enable our firm to affirmatively answer with a resounding “ NO ” to this question .
Policy 1 : Where possible and deemed advantageous , we will attempt to resolve your issues by correspondence with the taxing authorities and where not possible we will attempt to relocate your issue to a local office of the appropriate taxing agency .
This will eliminate or substantially reduce travel expenses and typically gives us more time to properly prepare as this process takes time and the request to move an issue between offices is often granted .
Moreover , if the issue has criminal implications , quite often the government ’s suspicions can be advantageously “ lost ” in the shuffle .
Policy 2 : Where it is not possible to employ the actions described above , we will discount our travel expense to approximate the travel time and expenses involved in interacting with one of our local taxing agencies .
Policy 3 : David Klasing strategically co located each satellite office with a local IRS service center and a local airport to facilitate our office efficiently servicing remote client ’s by Air.
Mr. Klasing , in addition to being a perfect 10 AVVO rated Tax Attorney , with a Master Degree in Taxation and a stellar CPA , has his private pilot license , is instrument rated and owns a Cirrus SR22 .
He flies out of John Wayne Airport , collocated near the Irvine Main Office , to expedite travel in the Southern California area .
For example a round trip drive to the Los Angeles office is often a 3.5 to 4 hour drive and the flight from John Wayne to Santa Monica Airport only takes 18 minutes .
It is our policy never to charge our clients for the direct and indirect costs of Dave ’s local air travel .
Policy 4 : We compete based on providing above and beyond , effective and zealous representation for our clients , ( see our testimonials and our A+ BBB rating ) utilizing competitive billing rates which are often substantially lower than our competition , hiring only the most qualified , experienced and educated staff that are commercially available , passing work down to the lowest billing rates in our organization where possible for the type of work performed , striving to never take on a client who ’s circumstances cannot be improved sufficiently to fully justify our fees .
We will always place our client ’s needs for affective , loyal and honest representation to obtain the optimal results in each individual client circumstance above the firms inherent need to make a profit .
Since the late 1990s , a handful of media and technology companies has waged war against the public , imposing digital restrictions on the technology we use ..
Here is Defective by Design 's look at some of the most significant events in the past 10 years fighting against DRM .
If there are important moments missing ( which there may be ) , please send them to us !
Despite a number of victories over DRM in specific areas , DRM is far from dead .
Whether companies will control and restrict us through our technology remains to be decided , and the battle is now .
Which brings us to an important announcement : Tuesday May 4 , 2010 will be the Day Against DRM .
The FSF will be working with other anti-DRM groups and anti-DRM activists from all over the world to raise awareness and mobilize the public .
So spread the word by sharing this announcement , and putting the buttons below on your site .
If you want to follow the action or be involved , contact info@defectivebydesign.org or sign up here .
And read on !
Past victories could inspire your activism this year ...
The Decade in DRM : 2000 - 2009
( Including four pre-2000 events that helped set the stage for the years to come . )
Defective by Design continues to identify DRM - crippled products , aiming to cast DRM as an anti-social technology , and to abolish DRM as a social practice .
Conclusion
It 's interesting that the decade opened and closed with battles over ebooks .
Years before Amazon deleted copies of George Orwell 's 1984 from users '
Kindles , a visiting conference presenter was actually jailed for understanding and publishing Adobe 's ebook DRM , a hint at the draconian direction we were headed in .
Richard Stallman identified the hypothetical threat to our books in " The Right to Read " , but now some of the biggest tech companies in the world ( including Amazon and Apple ) are making this nightmare scenario a reality .
So , if we 're going to create a world that is DRM - free through this final transition away from physical media ( as CDs , DVDs , and maybe even printed books become obsolete ) , anti-DRM activists must be vigilant .
We hope everyone reading this will participate in this year 's International Day Against DRM on May 4th .
If you want to follow the action or be involved , contact info@defectivebydesign.org or sign up here .
Let 's keep writing history !
Bloom has spent 8 years and close to US $ 400 million developing their product and the company is now leaving " stealth mode " and actively promoting themselves .
Fortune also has an article on the company ( Is K.R. Sridhar ’s ' magic box ' ready for prime time ? ) and the company will be holding a launch event on Wednesday .
Fuel cell company Bloom Energy made quite a stir over the weekend , with a spot on the CBS " Sixty Minutes " TV program in the United States ( The Bloom Box : An Energy Breakthrough ? - see the link for the video and transcript ) .
In the world of energy , the Holy Grail is a power source that 's inexpensive and clean , with no emissions .
Well over 100 start - ups in Silicon Valley are working on it , and one of them , Bloom Energy , is about to make public its invention : a little power plant - in - a - box they want to put literally in your backyard .
You 'll generate your own electricity with the box and it 'll be wireless .
The idea is to one day replace the big power plants and transmission line grid , the way the laptop moved in on the desktop and cell phones supplanted landlines .
It has a lot of smart people believing and buzzing , even though the company has been unusually secretive - until now .
K.R. Sridhar invited " 60 Minutes " correspondent Lesley Stahl for a first look at the innards of the Bloom box that he has been toiling on for nearly a decade
GreentechMedia has more background on Bloom - Video : The Bloom Box Lands , And The Unanswered Questions Are… .
The Bloom Box -- which costs $ 700,000 to $ 800,000 now -- essentially is a device for making electricity on demand .
Methane or other hydrocarbons are fed into the device along with oxygen .
The mixture is heated to around 1,000 Celsius .
As the gases pass through catalytic plates , the machine produces electricity , some heat , carbon dioxide and water .
Other fuel cell manufacturers say they can convert 80 to 90 percent of the energy inserted into their boxes into usable energy .
Bloom remains a little vague on efficiency , but if the company ranks with these competitors , the device will be more efficient than the traditional grid .
Less than half the power burned at power plants turns into usable power in your home .
Bloom eventually hopes to make home units that cost around $ 3,000 .
That would be a lot less than the ones currently sold by Panasonic in Japan or ClearEdge Power in California .
ClearEdge sells its 5 kilowatt system for $ 56,000 .
Ceres Power in England comes out with fuel cells for residences next year that in part are made from diesel engine components to cut costs .
Utilities in the UK and Ireland will sell it .
One of our staff members , Rembrandt Koppelaar , made the following rough cost calculations of the return on investment for the Bloom Box , excluding the cost for grid connection .
Based on his calculation , it takes 15 years to get back the investment cost .
( The time would be longer , if the cost for grid connection were included . )
Conservative assumptions based on the video : ( All amounts in US $ ) . - $ 800,000 for a Bloom Box that generates power for 100 American Households
- American household energy usage is 10,000 kWh per year ( 10,600 in 2001 )
- Bloom Box hence generates 1 million kwh per year at an investment cost of $ 800,000
- Production costs US for electricity from natural gas for residential use is $ 0.10 per kwh ( http://www.eia.doe.gov/cneaf/electricity/epm/table5_3.html)
- costs for 1000 cubic foot of natural gas for residential use is 12 dollars ( http://tonto.eia.doe.gov/dnav/ng/ng_pri_sum_dcu_nus_m.htm)
- 1 cubic foot of natural gas has an energy content of 1,034 BTU
- 1 kWh is equivalent to 3413 BTU spent in an hour
- Bloom Box can turn natural gas into electricity at an 80 % conversion efficiency Calculation : - Costs per year for 1 million kWh from natural gas from centralized power sources is $ 100,000 .
- 1000 cubic foot of natural gas gives 1,034,000 BTU which can be converted at 80 % efficiency , hence 827,200 BTU of power which is equivalent to 242 kWh , costing $ 12 for the fuel .
So 12/242 = $ 0.05 per kWh incorporating fuel costs only .
Which amounts to a total fuel cost of $ 50,000 for 1 million kWh .
At an investment cost of $ 800,000 dollars it would take approximately 15 years ( 800,000 / 50,000 ) to pay back investments , excluding the costs of connecting to the grid .
The grid tie would presumably providing considerable services -- including metering the electricity , doing the billing , and maintaining the grid wiring , so the cost would not be insignificant .
The text below repeats an Oil Drum post on the cogeneration / fuel cell industry from March 2008 - Cogeneration At Home : Ceramic Fuel Cells And Bloom Energy .
Cogeneration At Home : Ceramic Fuel Cells And Bloom Energy
The Engineer - Poet recently had a post on The Cogeneration Stopgap at the Oil Drum , which looked at how the combination of cogeneration ( generating combined heat and power - CHP - using natural gas ) and heat pumps could be used to heat North American homes much more efficiently and extend the life of North America 's dwindling natural gas reserves for a period of time while houses are retrofitted to make them more energy efficient and natural gas use is replaced with electricity .
The only example of cogeneration technology touched on in the article was from Climate Energy , whose CHP unit is made by Honda .
An Australian company working in this area called Ceramic Fuel Cells was in the news recently after landing a $ 240 million deal with Dutch energy company Nuon to supply 50,000 CHP units by 2014 .
The company still needs to meet a number of commercial requirements set by Nuon - in particular improving the durability of the cells from two years to four .
The company is hoping that production will begin by June 2009 in a new € 12.4 million factory in Heinsberg , Germany , which aims to produce 10,000 2 kW units per year .
The cells are expected to emit 60 % less carbon dioxide than traditional combustion generators .
The company is also partnering with Britain 's Powergen , Germany 's EWE and Gaz de France .
Ceramic Fuel Cells
Ceramic 's fuel cells have been under development for several years , listing on the ASX in 2004 and the AIM shortly after .
The company specialises in solid oxide fuel cells , which convert natural gas ( and presumably biogas ) into power and heat without burning the fuel .
The cells convert about 50 per cent of the energy in the fuel to electricity - traditional gas - fired power stations manage around 30 per cent - with another 35 per cent of the potential energy captured as heat from the catalytic process .
The company does n't have any plans to market units in Australia in the foreseeable future , preferring to concentrate on the European market due to higher energy prices , specific CHP rebates in Germany , feed - in tariffs and possible carbon credits for trading on the EU emissions trading scheme ( set up under the Kyoto protocol ) .
CHP in Britain
Reuters reported that boilers containing Ceramic 's units could be sold in Britain in 2010 if utility company Powergen orders units this year .
The article estimates that fuel cell units for home units will be priced between 1,500 and 2,000 pounds and that larger units priced at over 3,000 pounds will be operated by utility companies .
The same report goes on to speculate that because utilities will save so much money by producing electricity using CHP ( which they believe is twice as efficient as centralised generation and sending power through the grid ) , that they expect utilities will eventually start giving next - generation boilers to customers for free , with the units having a 4 - 5 year payback period .
Powergen has also previously looked at a different micro-CHP approach using Stirling Engines attached to water boilers .
I can't tell what happened to this plan , though the company is assume was the prospective supplier - Disenco - is still marketing a CHP product ( although full production is n't due to begin until this year , which may explain the absence of progress ) .
Another British CHP company called Ceres Power received an order for 37,500 units from British Gas owner Centrica in January , for delivery from 2011 .
These units are smaller but cheaper than Ceramic 's units .
Carbon Commentary have looked at this unit and claimed the main challenge facing CHP vendors in the UK is a the lack of feed - in tariffs - which would presumably affect Ceramic as much as Ceres .
Bloom Energy
Another company that has received a lot of attention in the fuel cell market is US company Bloom Energy , who are also developing solid oxide fuel cells ( though there is some legal argument underway about who actually developed the technology in this case ) .
The company is investigating using natural gas and ethanol as fuel for the cells , and most reports speculate the cells will be able to generate 100 kw of power ( the company 's web site says absolutely nothing ) .
One report from Business 2.0 claims the company is aiming to sell units for around US $ 10,000 .
Bloom is backed by a number of high profile investors , including the omnipresent Kleiner Perkins Caulfield Byers , and has raised US $ 100 million in funding .
According to Vinod Khosla , the company is currently building a " massive " facility in Mumbai , India .
One possible application for Bloom 's fuel cells is in data centres , with the cells used to eliminate the need for uninterruptible power supplies ( UPS's ) and thus ( in some cases ) the need for additional disaster recovery ( DR ) facilities .
Japan
Japan has also seen trials of hydrogen fuel cells for CHP , with the hydrogen coming from reformed natural gas .
The cells are leased for 1 million yen ( US$ 9,500 ) for a 10 - year period from Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Toyota , Honda and Toshiba are all also working on fuel cells , usually as part of efforts to develop fuel cell vehicles .
The Japanese Government is spending 2.4 billion yen ( US$ 310 million ) per year on fuel cell development and plans for 10 million homes ( 25 % of Japanese households ) to be powered by fuel cells by 2020 .
The Air Car
One last note - a commenter on the " Air Car " articles noted that MDI 's main business seems to be a variable - fuel stationary power supply , so presumably they could be a vendor in this market at some point as well .
Crossposted from Peak Energy
By Martin Plaut
Africa editor , BBC World Service
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Evidence of the massacre of at least 321 people in Democratic Republic of Congo has been uncovered by the BBC .
The killings took place last December but have not previously been reported .
Fighters from the notorious Lord 's Resistance Army raided several villages in a remote part of north - eastern DR Congo , killing and abducting children .
Human Rights
Watch says this is one of the worst massacres carried out by the LRA , whose fighters roam across several countries after spreading from Uganda .
He warned me because he is an Azande , like me
Jean - Claude Singbatile
The rebel leaders initially claimed to be fighting to install a theocracy in Uganda based on the Biblical Ten Commandments , but they now sow terror in Sudan and Central African Republic , as well as DR Congo .
In the latest attack , the rebels hacked to death villagers and made others carry looted goods .
Some 250 people were abducted .
Jean - Claude Singbatile , 17 , was captured with a group of friends and spent days carrying bags of salt .
" As we marched , the LRA killed people - two at one village , three at the next and then four at the next , " he told the BBC .
" They wanted to kill me , but the leader said I should be kept alive , as they needed strong soldiers . "
Eventually , one of the rebels warned him that he would also be killed and should take his chance and run for it .
" He warned me because he is an Azande , like me , " said Jean - Claude , referring to his ethnic group .
Posing as soldiers
The United Nations had heard rumours that an attack was to be launched around Christmas , and reinforced their troops in the area .
The son of our chief was among them , so we felt we had to give them a burial
Jacques Akoba
Red Cross volunteer
But they were deployed to towns like Dungu and Niangara rather than the remote villages where the killings finally took place .
On 13 December , a contingent of LRA rebels crossed the Uele river , before arriving at a market in the village of Mabanga Ya Talo .
Dressed in military uniforms , they pretended to be Congolese soldiers who had spent months in the forests and asked local people for food and other goods .
They then asked people to carry the goods back to where they had crossed the river , and when the villagers refused , the rebels turned on them .
Adults were attacked , captured , imprisoned in huts , then taken out and made to act as porters .
Anyone who was unable to keep up with the pace of the forced march was " left behind " - a euphemism for being tied up and battered to death with wooden stakes or killed with machetes and axes .
Those who refused or tried to escape were also brutally killed .
It was a pattern repeated in villages all the way to Tapili , some 45 km ( 30 miles ) away .
Shallow grave Lt Jeanvier Bahati , a Congolese army commander in the Tapili area , was one of the first to arrive at the massacre site and helped to bury the dead .
" I saw with my own eyes 268 dead bodies , because we buried them - there was no - one else to do it , " he said .
LRA MASSACRES May 2002
Eastern Equatoria , Sudan
450 killed , activists say some villagers forced to walk off a cliff January 1997
Lamwo , northern Uganda
More than 400 die , roughly 100,000 displaced December 2009
Makombo , DR Congo
Estimated 312 killed in village raids December 2008
Doruma area , DR Congo
About 300 die in worst incident of campaign of violence known as " Christmas massacres " Jacques Akoba , a Red Cross volunteer , said he buried seven bodies in a shallow grave 2 km south of Mangada , along with nine skulls he found by the side of the road .
" We were scared as we were burying them , but the son of our chief was among them , so we felt we had to give them a burial , " he said .
Human Rights
Watch , working with local groups , has verified 321 deaths - but other activists have given far higher estimates .
Witnesses say the stench of death hung over the area for weeks .
Children were a particular target of the LRA .
At least 80 were taken by force - boys to become fighters , girls to be used as sex slaves by LRA combatants .
Quite why they killed so many of their victims is a mystery .
Fear remains
" We do n't understand what their strategy really is , but they clearly like killing , like destroying things , " said Father Joseph Nzala , the Catholic priest at Tapili .
Many villagers are still too frightened to go home , and they continue to live in a makeshift camp on the edge of Niangara .
Soldiers now patrol in Tapili , where many people died Local people question why the UN , Congolese and Ugandan forces do not co-operate more closely to halt the LRA , who have now returned to their camps north of the Uele river .
Ugandan army commanders claimed they had all but eradicated the LRA after launching a joint operation with South Sudanese and Congolese troops in December 2008 .
With logistical and intelligence support from the US , the operation was meant to kill LRA commanders , including its leader , Joseph Kony .
But the attack failed to achieve its aims and the LRA dispersed , attacking churches and villages during Christmas 2008 .
Uganda continues to maintain substantial forces on Congolese territory , sometimes conducting joint patrols with the army .
The Congolese soldiers receive support from UN troops who have a number of small peacekeeping bases in the area .
But Anneke van Woudenberg of Human Rights Watch said the massacre provided " clear evidence " of the LRA 's ongoing capabilities .
" Rather than ignoring the facts , the governments of the region and UN peacekeepers should co-ordinate their efforts to protect civilians and develop a comprehensive strategy to resolve the LRA problem once and for all , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The history of the Winter Olympics is riddled with Public Relations crises , from bribe - happy city officials , to corrupt judges , to teammates physically assaulting one another to get ahead .
Maybe it's all the snow that makes everyone so cold - hearted ?
We 've picked out the worst offenders from throughout the years .
Wing sails , as they are called , have been around for years , and one was even used to great advantage in the 1988 America ’s Cup .
But at 223 feet , this one is much bigger than others ( and bigger , in fact , than any airplane wing ) and more controllable , with nine adjustable flaps .
Like an airplane wing , it provides lift , although largely in a horizontal direction .
And like an airplane wing , the slots between the main elements and the flaps add to the lifting power .
But the wing also solves a basic problem of sailing : how to take full advantage of the wind without overturning .
The flaps can be adjusted to maximize lift on the wing ’s lower end , generating a lot of power , and to reduce it up top , generating less heeling , or tipping , force .
“ You can shift the center of the force up and down the wing very quickly , ” said Russell Coutts , chief executive of BMW Oracle .
“ So when you ’ve got too much power , then you can unload the top of the wing . ”
The wing designers use the same principles , and much the same software , as airplane designers , said Mike Drummond , the team ’s design director .
( One member of the team also does work for Boeing , though not on wings . )
“ You have to understand the aerodynamic principles well and how to apply them , ” Mr. Drummond said .
“ If you have the skills to design an airplane , you have the skills to design a yacht .
Now we could have a good crack at a windmill . ”
Load - shifting can be done with more traditional sails , too , by changing their shape , which is accomplished in part by having a flexible mast .
But even with technology  one system uses image - recognition equipment to “ read ” lines on the sails to see if they match prescribed curvatures  shape - changing is difficult .
It is easier with a solid wing .
When last we saw tiny Ziggy , he had n't really sprouted his ears yet ... He was mostly belly dot o doom !
Well , belly - he was mostly belly !
" Oh hai !
Were you looking at my belly ?
I 'm worried my belly makes my ears look small ... I ... I may do something about that .
" I love how neatly he fits in the tiny bedmade for Dusky .
I 'm so glad it 's getting more kitten use :) I started letting them out of the bathroom , and into the guest room .
Zoraline seems to have an understanding already about lounging on soft beds .
And Ziggy really loves long snoozy cuddles ... Kitty beds are great for sprawling on , too !
Zora has such a funny way of leaving her bum leg hanging out there , sometimes .
" Seriously ...
I think my ears are n't big enough !
I 'm gonna order some bigger ones on the internet ! " " I 'm getting to be a big boy , and I need big ears !
Wait ' til you see what I ordered ! "
" I saw him with your credit card ...
My boy is a bit of a delinquent , sorry about that ... " Stretchy mama cat is stretchy !
Uh oh !
Escaping kitten is ... escaping !" LOOK !
I got BIG EARS !!!
OVERNIGHT !!!
" Hanging out in the guest room means lots more cuddling !
Including Zoraline in her weird sprawling way :)
Even with his new BIG ears , Ziggy still knows how to make excellent JAZZ HANDS !
Power supplies are toasty !
Hey - did n't you see - JAZZ HANDS !
I tell you JAZZ HANDS !
Zoraline is so funny dragging herself halfway under things ...
All she needs here are some ruby slippers ! ;)
It 's very tiring being this cute ...
Ziggy knows how to nap !
Soft places are the best for naps ...
" See how BIG my ears are ?!!?
I love my new big ears !
" Okay ... this was seriously too funny , and I can't believe I caught this in a pic .
We were so pleased - Ziggy raced across the room , into the bathroom , around the back of the toilet , and right into the litter box to do his business !
First time he'd made the trek from any distance , and gone in , all on his own .
He did his business , and I had turned away for a moment until I saw Aidon looking in there , and covering his mouth so as not to laugh loudly and startle them .
I looked back in , and Zoraline was in the somewhat small box WITH him .
I grabbed the camera , and managed to get this shot before realizing ....
" Oh my god ... she has to pee ... she 's going to PEE on HIM !
" He got out , but not before she peed on him a bit .
I cleaned the poor guy off , sheesh !
I have n't laughed so hard in a while !
( This ALMOST happened again , two weeks later ! ) Zoraline is the mistress of * chill * !
This was one of the last times I weighed him - he weaned soon after this .
This expression KILLS me ... it needs a caption .
" My ears - they are big !
Worship my big ears while I take over your lap ! "
" I am now a kitten !
A full fledged kitten !
With big ears !
And triangle anime eyebrows !
" " And I am super extra sneaky ! " " Also , my belly dots of doom - they are getting more powerful !
" This picture is deadly cute - Ziggy is warming himself by the heater vent .
But the videos ?
Those will slay you dead .
I 'm not kidding .
SO. FREAKIN '.
CUTE !!!
Poor Zoraline - it 's hard to compete with such cuteness .
But she tries :)
She 's chilling out by the day !
And just when she got extra chilled - I betrayed her by bringing her to the vet 's to get tested and spayed !
Poor girl !
She handled it like a champ though , and tested CLEAN !
So she gets to meet the gang , and eventually check out the house , too !
While Zoraline was at the vet 's , finally Kiwi and the baby meet .
There are several more videos after this one , if you want to click through .
It was such a sweet meeting !
On Zoraline 's first day back , however , she and Ziggy practiced their Synchronized Cuting Routines : Ziggy was glad to have his mommy home , even if she was a little tender in the belly .
" Mommy - did you see my EARS ?!!?
They 're EVER so big !
" He likes sleeping where I usually am - even when I 'm not there .
Ziggy would like you to know that if you need a secret hiding place for something , you can always hire out his BIG EARS !
If anyone comes looking for your stuff , he 'll distract them with his BELLY DOTS O DOOM !
And his little black jelly bean paw pads !
Ziggy , like many bottle babies , did n't want to wean ...
He loved his bottle !
He would n't eat the wet food - he only had eyes for the bottle .
Until ... the great kitten weaner ...
CHICKEN !
Ziggy LOVED chicken !
This growly attitude was a bit of a harbinger of things to come ...
This kitten has rather an abundance of attitude .
Kiwi likes gushy food - even if apparently it bored her to sleep !
After nearly a week , Ziggy managed to wean off chicken onto gushy food - which he , um , kinda loves .
A lot .
Once he was fully weaned , I weighed him , and that 's pretty much it for weighings !
He 's clearly thriving - no need to keep such close track - yay !
Eight weeks ago tonight , he was nearly dead - now , not dead !
That 's 600 grams of ears , and 48 grams of the rest of him !
Zoraline increasingly has no idea what 's gotten into her boy , and keeps her distance , no matter how awkward that may make her look .
Last weekendand her husband ( who I am sure has an LJ , and I probably even know it , but it escapes me at the moment ) came to meet Z&z thinking that Zoraline would be a good fit for their family .
As it turns out , Ziggy decided to crawl up on B's shoulder , and konk out .
It 's a proven fact that if you are looking for a kitty to expand your family , and one makes such a maneuver , it 's nearly impossible to resist .
They are n't going to resist .
When he 's 12 weeks old , as long as the rescue lady agrees ( and she bloody well should ! )
Ziggy will be going to his fantastic forever home with them .
" I think I got them with my BIG EARS !
" This is pretty much how Ziggy is - either sleeping / cuddling , or set to 11 !
Meeting Kiwi and Mimzy went extremely smoothly !
Zoraline really was n't fussed much at all !
They were very friendly checking each other out over the chair !
Very little hubub between them at all !
Once Zoraline got out of the guest room , she really did n't fuss at the others at all !
She already had made friends with Mimzy though , so this was n't a first meeting .
Okay - remember what I said about Mr. Attitude .
Oh. My. God .
Ziggy has a thing for hair scrunchies .
Like ... so bad I nearly renamed him Gollum !
I'm only putting a couple of his scrunchy videos in this post - but there are more on youtube , and they 're all hilarious !
There were more I did n't upload - it 's just that absurd !
When we are n't teasing him with the scrunchy , he plays with it SO cutely : Ziggy really is totally full of attitude .
He definitely has a thing for hair scrunchies ... but he also went nuts for my buttons one day : " I take no responsibility for that boy !
I blame you !
I will hide under this cat bed where no one can see me !
I 'm very clever !
" I consider myself lucky that this turned out as well as it did ...
So sweet :) Nothing makes you as sleepy as a sleeping kitten !
This is what it 's like these days !
" HEY !
I have BIG EARS !!!
Are those my youtube videos ?
huh huh huh ?
Are people looking at me and my BIG EARS !?!?
I have BIG EARS !!!
Did people rate me and my BIG EARS ?!
I should get five stars or EACH ear ! " Kiwi and Mimzy are SO HAPPY to have their paws all over the baby !
They knew he was in here for WEEKS and wanted in !
Ziggy is glad to have more tails to kill !
He is an EXPERT tail - killer !
Like I said - he 's either full on , or super cuddly !
( Ziggy sez : " lookit my EARS !
They 're GIANT !
I love my giant radar - dish ears ! " )
Meanwhile , getting used to the rest of the household is coming along just fine .
Zoraline has figured out where the chicken comes from .
She 's actually off the ground here ( she 's typically VERY good with her claws and manners - Aidon totally enticed her up . )
"
If I look at you like this , with my BIG EARS , can I go out and play too - and maybe have chicken ?
"
You can explore , Ziggy !
Come help with the groceries , why do n't you !
Also - there are APRON STRINGS !
Now ... there is ... a DOG in the house ... I stupidly did n't have a camera the FIRST time he met Suki , when he actually managed to whap Suki 's nose .
Suki did n't let him get that close after that .
Smart dog .
Smart dog who thinks the tiny mouthful of a kitten is something to be reckoned with - shhhhh ! ;)
And apparently while you were ordering BIG EARS online , Mama got lazer eyes installed - so did Dora !
Well , there 's no chicken but ... what the heck ?
I have ... Asparagus Kitten ?
Yes .
I do .
I have psycho asparagus kitten .
Ahhh ... sometimes there 's just nothing like the family bed after a rough day of being fierce !
I often come and see something like this ... or this ... I do n't often come in and see something like THIS though .
Ziggy was taking up the whole big bed , and mama was in the tiny baby bed !
Public Service Announcement from Ziggy : " Shoelaces are totally toys - especially in the morning sun .
Also , I have BIG EARS !
" Aidon informs Ziggy that he should sit up and pay attention !
" Can I * please * have some chicken ... or asparagus ?
I have BIG EARS ! " " No Ziggy , no chicken , or asparagus ...
I 'm eating pancakes . " " PANCAKES ?!!?
I * love* pancakes ... GIMME !" " huh , OW !
Holy cow ... it's Pancake Kitten !
" It 's been long enough since I made an update ( sighs - sorry about that ) that ... we have another kitten !
He arrived yesterday afternoon .
He was found outside a dojo by a friend of a friend 's chiropractor - the only survivor of his litter .
So he got nicknamed Rocky .
Ziggy is terribly interested !
He 's 2 weeks old and all black , and as of this evening , finally figured out how to suckle and is doing pretty well , phew !
I 'm tired , needless to say ;)
And to wrap it up - a few other terribly cute videos : Ziggy is TRYING to figure out how to best Zoraline ... He keeps trying ... And trying ... And talking about it , and trying more !
Sometimes he comes for help ...
And sometimes , he thinks better of the whole idea ( this one makes me laugh EVERY time - click and check it out , it 's a short one , but hilarious )
And sometimes , he really goes all out !
And sometimes he does n't care WHO he takes down , as long as it's someone ! " Hmmm .... this guy looks like I could take him on !
" Oh Ziggy - it 's been a joy watching you grow !
I can look at this day by day and I can see which day you ordered and received your ears - I wonder if everyone else can spot the day !
General Motors has been fiddling around with head - up displays for 22 years now , and there was a time when you could get Buicks with speedometers that projected your speed right there on the windshield .
Cool , if limited in its usefulness .
But the General is back at it with a system it says will make driving safer and easier .
Rather than project info onto a portion of the windshield , GM 's latest experiment uses the entire windshield as a display .
Small ultraviolet lasers project data gleaned from sensors and cameras onto the glass .
General Motors geeks are working alongside researchers from several universities to develop a system that integrates night vision , navigation and on - board cameras to improve our ability to see – and avoid – problems , particularly in adverse conditions like fog .
" We 're looking to create enhanced vision systems , " says Thomas Seder , a lab manager at GM 's big R&D center in Warren , Michigan .
Trying to make a workable head - up display is a laudable goal .
Drivers are inundated by ever - more information from navigation systems and the like , and they need to be able to see and process it easily while keeping their eyes on the road and hands on the wheel .
A practical head - up display allows that .
GM 's experimental system goes beyond the night - vision system found in cars like the BMW 7 - Series and the HUDs you find in , say , the Chevrolet Corvette or Buick LaCrosse .
While those systems will tell you how fast you 're going or whether you 've left the turn signal on again , Version 2.0 could make you a safer driver .
" Let 's say you 're driving in fog , we could use the vehicle 's infrared cameras to identify where the edge of the road is and the lasers could ' paint ' the edge of the road onto the windshield so the driver knows where the edge of the road is , " Seder says .
Take a look at the pic below to see what he means .
The windshield is coated with transparent phosphors that emit light when excited by a compact laser , turning the entire windshield into a monitor of sorts .
GM says that approach allows the system to alert drivers to things that might be outside their immediate field of vision .
“ This design is superior to traditional head - down display - based night vision systems , which require a user to read information from a traditional display , create a mental model and imagine the threat ’s precise location in space , ” Seder says .
GM has no immediate plans to offer the technology in production models , but Seder says some of features could appear in vehicles at some point .
Main photo of cars in fog : Jeff Kubina / Flickr .
HUD system photos and video : General Motors
See Also :
GM says its " next generation " head - up display can use lasers and lane detection sensors to project a " virtual " road edge onto the windshield to help drivers stay on the road during bad weather .
Add in the sign - recognition system GM's Opel division has developed and the head - up display can tell you when you 're exceeding the speed limit , lead foot .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1s6SZ73i8A
Industrial development in northwest China has gradually unearthed a surprising past -- a 4,000 - year - old civilization of farmers and herders with European , rather than Asian , ancestry .
These ancient people eked out a living in the arid lands north of Tibet now known as the Tarim Basin .
Chinese construction crews have found mummies nearly every year over the last three decades .
Three of the mummies will be on view at Santa Ana ’s Bowers Museum as part of the exhibition “ Secrets of the Silk Road : Mystery Mummies from China , ” which opens Saturday .
Victor H. Mair , a professor of Chinese language and literature at the University of Pennsylvania , has been studying the mummies and their culture since the early 1990s , and he edited the catalog for the exhibition .
He discussed their significance with The Times .
When were these mummies discovered ?
European explorers in the early part of the 20th century noticed some of the mummies , but were not interested in them as worthy of research , so they respectfully reburied the human remains they encountered .
As is true with the vast majority of archaeological discoveries elsewhere in China since the founding of the People ’s Republic , most of the mummies were unearthed in the course of construction projects that have taken place since the late ‘ 70s .
Do they look Chinese ?
The earliest mummies all have a Europoid or Caucasoid appearance , with blond , reddish and light - blond hair .
This is largely true from around 2000 BC down to about the 4th to 5th century AD .
What happened to them ?
After that , the mummies soon take on an increasingly Mongoloid appearance , with increasingly darker hair .
By around 1000 AD , the Europoid / Caucasoid peoples had been largely displaced or absorbed by peoples coming from the east .
Why are they in such good condition ?
The main reason is the special environment of the region .
It is extremely dry , very hot in summer , very cold in winter , and many parts of the region have extraordinarily saline soils .
All of these factors together prevented putrefaction and promoted desiccation .
There was minimal preparation for burial .
In some cases , a substance containing animal proteins was smeared on the bodies .
Great care was taken to keep the deceased from touching the ground , as this would tend to lead to deterioration of the flesh .
But there was nothing artificial , such as treatment with chemicals or removal of the brain and innards , that was done to the Egyptian mummies .
The exhibition features a 3,800 - year - old mummy known as “ the Beauty of Xiaohe . ”
What ’s so special about her ?
She is , quite simply , the most beautiful mummy from Eastern Central Asia .
She has long eyelashes , perfect facial features , smooth skin , and is wearing a jaunty hat .
I call her the Marlene Dietrich of the desert .
How were the mummies studied ?
A thorough physical examination would be something like an autopsy , but so far the examination of all but one of the mummies has been extremely cursory .
One of the mummies , called “ the Beauty of Loulan , ” was examined for body lice , soot and silica in her lungs , and other rather superficial or simple conditions .
[ She is not part of the exhibition . ]
There is so much more that should be done to understand better how the mummy people lived and died .
The contents of their stomach and intestines should be examined , analysis of the isotopes in their hair should be done , bone anomalies should be described carefully , and so forth .
That would tell us how the mummies lived and died , what their health was like , what illnesses they contracted , what they consumed , and even where they were from .
What artifacts were found with the mummies ?
Finely woven wool mantles that also functioned as blankets and , in death , shrouds .
Wooden statues ( some wearing clothing ) , model phalluses , bracelets , baskets and so forth .
Bronze implements are also evident .
What was the significance of these items ?
They each have their own meaning .
It would take me a small book to explain all of them .
Were the phalluses unusual ?
Yes , indeed !
What is their meaning ?
The people placed high emphasis on procreation .
What else can you infer about their lives based on how they were laid to rest ?
They were agropastoralists who were good at raising cattle and sheep and who were able to utilize the minimal available water for growing wheat .
Have the mummies prompted scientists to rethink their ideas about life during the Bronze Age and Early Iron Age ?
We have a far better understanding of the development of Eurasian civilization than we did before , including the movements of people and the technologies and culture associated with them .
For example , wheat , sheep and goats , wheeled vehicles , and bronze metallurgy all came from the West , and the mummy people had all of these items before they appeared in East Asia .
Their discovery has transformed our understanding of the late prehistory and early history of Eurasia .
karen.kaplan@latimes.com
“ Secrets of the Silk Road : Mystery Mummies from China ” includes three mummies and more than 150 artifacts .
The exhibit will be on view at the Bowers Museum through July 25 .
For more information , visit www.bowers.org " > www.bowers.org .
Imgur has proved that a single good idea attached to a powerful community can grow from just a concept , to a global powerhouse nearly overnight .
Imgur was once just such an idea .
Reddit user “ MrGrim ” was fed up with what the main image hosts at the time were offering .
Often when an image would become popular on Reddit , its host website would pull the image to conserve bandwidth , leaving viewers in the dark .
A bit of a problem for the casual surfer .
MrGrim , or Alan Schaaf ( a computer science student at Ohio University ) , took the problem into his own hands , and built Imgur for the Reddit community to use .
They did , and the site began to grow , and grow , and grow to the monster that it is today .
Alexa now ranks Imgur as the 441st largest site in the world , and the 144th largest in the US .
In the last month , Imgur served 471 million images using some 65 terabytes of bandwidth .
Imgur ( whose name is a contraction of “ your ” and “ image ” to “ img ” and “ ur ” ) , has spread around the internet to the main social portals of the internet , growing from Reddit to Digg , and to Twitter , and increasingly to Facebook .
Imgur , which recently added pro accounts , was built in simplicity , openness , and fairness to users .
Online social groups are notoriously fickle , but Imgur has braved that by staying to its core premises .
Imgur still loses money , but it ’s a deliberate move by Alan to keep spammy or deceiving ads off of the website .
Community !
Fairness !
Protection of users !
That is the Imgur way , and with much happiness , we present you with the TNW interview ( via email ) , with the one and only , Alan Schaaf .
Enjoy .
[ TNW questions in bold ]
What was your initial impetus to build Imgur ?
Imgur was built out of necessity .
Most of the other image hosts at the time were confusing , bloated and just seemed to be missing the point , which is to get an image onto the Internet as quickly as possible .
I knew there had to be a better option available and I wanted to provide it .
Did you have scaling issues given the sites ’ rapid community adoption ?
There were many scaling issues that I ran into due to the site ’s rapid growth .
People often talk about the Slashdot effect , which is when a popular website links to another site , causing a massive increase in traffic that can slow the site down or even temporarily close it .
Being able to handle the Slashdot effect on a daily basis was nothing short of a challenge .
For the first 5 months of operation , Imgur was hosted by 4 different companies and its first host lasted 3 days before it was shut down due to too much traffic .
Fortunately , all the scaling issues have been resolved since then , which leaves it with much more room to grow .
Did you monetize from day one , or did you wait ?
Why and how did you ?
It took me a while to start monetizing because I did n’t know what the costs would be of running this kind of service .
I really dislike ads , and my users do too , so I held off on including them for as long as possible and eventually only added enough to cover the cost of things .
You recently moved to paid accounts , why did you do this ?
Paid accounts are a great alternative to including more and more advertisements .
With every ad , I feel like the usability and speed of Imgur decreases and I wanted to minimize that as much as possible .
Also , there are certain restrictions that are in place in order to keep the costs down .
Paid accounts allow me to lift these restrictions for the subscribers which then allows me to offer a better service as a whole .
What is your upgrade rate ?
There are a fair amount of upgraders , but not quite as many as I was hoping to have at this time .
However , that ’s understandable with how many similar subscription sites are out there .
I ’m currently researching what users would like to see so that Imgur ’s subscription becomes even more enticing .
Has this made Imgur profitable ?
It ’s been really hard to make a profit with Imgur because both the running cost and the amount of money made seem to scale up equally with the amount of users who use the site .
However , the only out - of - pocket expense was the original $ 7 for the domain name .
The pro accounts are certainly helping out , but honestly , making a profit is second to becoming the best image host on the net .
I like programming and implementing new features much more than I like talking and negotiating with advertising agencies .
What is the next few steps that you have planned for Imgur ?
I ca n’t say anything specific , but I ’m currently working on some cool new features that focus on sharing groups of images rather than single images or single albums .
However , the basic concept and functionality of Imgur will always remain the same ; to upload your images and share them with the Internet as quickly and painlessly as possible .
Everything that I have planned for the future revolves around that .
And finally , why the name ?
I chose the name Imgur for a couple of reasons .
For one , I really wanted the site to have an identity , rather than something like “ HostYourImageHere.com ” .
It ’s also short and concise .
Finally , I chose Imgur because it ’s clever in the way that it sort of puts two abbreviations together ; img for image , and ur for your .
So it doubles as Your Imager .
It ’s a little confusing at times , and most people pronounce it I ’m - Gurr , but I still like it .
Read next : Forget about the Buzz , try One Social Web
This is a preliminary view based on likely draft order and what Hockey 's Future has assessed as organizational needs for each team .
Edmonton will finish last but could go down one peg in the draft via the lottery .
Any of the teams on this list could shift a spot or two either way .
I expect that this will be the complete list of the bottom 14 but it is possible that Detroit or Boston could slip so I have projected their likely picks as well .
1 ) Edmonton Taylor Hall
Edmonton's one area of organizational weakness is at right wing and drafting Hall would move Magnus Paajarvi Svensson to # 3 at left wing so a trade is not impossible .
In all likelihood , however , the Oil will pick Hall .
2 ) Boston Cam Fowler
The greatest strength in Boston 's VERY deep system is at center .
They have a few centers who could probably start on some other teams .
On the other hand , although they have some nice defensive prospects as well , they do not have any of elite quality and Chara 's deal ends next season .
Plus they have what promises to be a mid first round pick and several second rounders to address the other weakness at wing .
Although I put Fowler 's name in there , it is certainly possible that Boston would prefer Gudbranson or Gormley .
3 ) Islanders Tyler Seguin
If , as I expect , the Isles pick at 3 and Seguin is still on the board , he is the guy .
The Isles do need another top four defenseman , but this draft is loaded with potential top fours and I can only assume that Garth gave up all those picks for DeHaan because he wants to groom him as the team 's future # 1 .
Apart from that , although center is an area of strength for the Isles , Seguin projects to be a better center than anyone currently in the fold .
The one caveat to that is that Anaheim and Ottawa badly need an elite quality center and have the assets to make attractive offers .
4 ) Columbus Brett Connolly
They badly need an elite quality right wing .
5 ) Carolina Kirill Kabanov
Ditto
6 ) Florida Erik Gudbranson
They do n't have any glaring organizational weakness , but defense is the area where they are least strong and , happily , the best player available at this point is on defense .
7 ) Dallas Brandon Gormley
Even with drafting Ryan Ellis last year , they still need to stock up at defense .
8 ) Tampa Mark Pysyk ?
They have added some blue chip talent , including Big Victor .
They still , however , need a skilled puck moving defenseman .
If they miss out on Fowler , Gudbranson , and Gormley , a trade down may be in order .
A team with a surplus of puck movers with a late round pick might be able to move up into the top ten via trade with Tampa .
9 ) Anaheim Emerson Etem
At this point , neither Peter Holland or Kyle Palmieri have delivered as promised for Anaheim and they are still looking for an elite quality center to presumably plug into their second line .
They also might go with Mikael Granlund , but they have had a preference for bigger guys .
10 ) Rangers Vladimir Tarasenko
Given the Rangers ' need at right wing , their likely draft position , and their prediliction for Russian wingers , this is a no-brainer .
I would almost favor the trade down with the Ducks just to see the look on Sather 's face when we pick Tarasenko just ahead of their draft spot .
11 ) St Louis Jack Campbell
St. Louis is VERY strong at every position EXCEPT goal and Campbell is the only goalie projected for the first round .
12 ) Minnesota Alexsandr Burmistrov
The Wild need a top end wing .
13 ) Atlanta Nino Niederreiter
Waddell has been looking for talented big men up front .
14 ) Phoenix Teemu Pulkinnen
They are weakest at right wing .
Boston and Detroit have needs similar to Minnesota , Atlanta , and Phoenix .
Their picks should not be very different .
LOUISVILLE , Ky. , Jan. 17 ( UPI ) -- Kentucky 's 35 - year drug war has led to unfair , " brutally harsh sentences , " overcrowding the state 's prison system with non-violent offenders , a study says .
That has helped push the state budget to the " outer edge of fiscal distress , " said Robert Lawson , author of the 60 - page study .
Advertisement
The ( Louisville ) Courier - Journal reported Lawson 's study is seen as a step toward revising drug punishments , which he claims have " failed miserably " by not distinguishing between minor offenders and major drug dealers .
Lawson , a University of Kentucky professor , criticized the practice of adding sentence upon sentence -- known as multiple enhancement .
For example , Lawson said , a drug offender with an earlier felony conviction for a non -drug offense , such as writing a bad check ; could face prosecution as both a repeat drug offender and a persistent felon .
That would increase the punishment as a Class B felony to 10 to 20 years in prison .
J. Michael Brown , secretary of the Kentucky Justice and Public Safety Cabinet , said the study raises issues that should be scrutinized by legislators .
Lawson 's recommendations likely will draw opposition from politicians who fear appearing " soft " on crime , The Courier - Journal said .
Fayette County Commonwealth's Attorney Ray Larson disputed Lawson 's findings .
" You have to understand where Lawson is coming from , " Larson said .
" He thinks government should n't have as its primary function the safety of the public , and I do . "
Informa la Secretar�a de Hacienda que a partir de ma�ana s�bado se incrementar�n los precio al p�blico de la gasolina Magna y del diesel en ocho centavos , y de la Premium en cuatro centavos
Ciudad de M�xico | Viernes 05 de marzo de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
20:02
On today 's program Beck was generous enough to provide another example of his compulsive dishonesty .
And it was packaged in a familiar form for Beck : the old out - of - context video clip gambit .
On this occasion Beck presented this segment of President Obama discussing health care :
Obama : [ W ]e said from the start that it was going to be important for us to be consistent in saying to people if you can have your -- if you want to keep the health insurance you got , you can keep it , that you 're not going to have anybody getting in between you and your doctor in your decision making .
And I think that some of the provisions that got snuck in might have violated that pledge .
After playing the clip , Beck went into outrage overdrive , complaining first about the sentence fragment " ... consistent in saying to people ... " implying that Obama was only " saying " these things and that he did n't mean them .
Only an idiot would interpret these extemporaneous remarks in context that way .
And that , of course , is Beck 's built - in excuse .
But the larger corruption of the truth was Beck 's reaction to the news that some provisions were " snuck " into the bill that violated the pledge that no one would get between you and your doctor .
Beck was aghast that the President would tolerate such legislative misbehavior .
He castigated the President for not immediately putting a halt to Congress 's covert attempt to countermand his promise and tarnish his honor .
Beck went on to declare that if the President had spoken up about this , that he ( Beck ) would heartily approve :
Beck :
Well let me tell you something .
Not only would that be the right thing for any president to do , his approval ratings would go through the roof .
People would actually say " Well OK now , wait a minute .
If he 's gonna do that I might actually listen to him . "
Apparently Beck was n't listening because Obama did precisely what Beck was accusing him of not doing .
Obama expressly stated that he had caught the errant provisions and set about eliminating them .
And this information was in the very segment that Beck had just played on the air .
Except that Beck cut out the parts where Obama talked about scrubbing the problem provisions .
Here 's the quote again in full .
Note that the bold section in the middle is the only part that Beck played :
Obama :
If you look at the package that we 've presented -- and there 's some stray cats and dogs that got in there that we were eliminating , we were in the process of eliminating .
For example ... ... we said from the start that it was going to be important for us to be consistent in saying to people if you can have your -- if you want to keep the health insurance you got , you can keep it , that you 're not going to have anybody getting in between you and your doctor in your decision making .
And I think that some of the provisions that got snuck in might have violated that pledge .
And so we are in the process of scrubbing them and making sure that it 's tight .
The complete clip shows unequivocally that Obama is keeping his pledge regarding the doctor / patient relationship .
But Beck 's audience wo n't know that because Beck unscrupulously edited it out .
Then he portrayed the President as negligent for not doing something that in reality he did .
And he even went so far as to admit that the American people would reward the President for doing the things that Beck left on the cutting room floor .
And , of course , that 's reason Beck did it .
Beck certainly knew the content of the whole speech .
So it is inescapable that he deliberately misrepresented it to advance his deceit .
He purposefully truncated it to prevent his audience from seeing anything about Obama that they might regard as positive .
And in the process he hammered Obama for not doing what he actually did do .
It 's too bad that most of Beck 's disciples will never hear about this fraud .
Although many are so thoroughly bewitched that they might not even grasp it if they did hear about it .
But it is important to continue to document it .
Open minded people who have n't formed opinions about Beck need to have this kind of information to keep from being duped by him .
Mike Warburton , tax partner at Grant Thornton , said : " The PAYE system has been creaking at the hinges and has been in need of a serious review for years .
British companies have been used as unpaid tax - collectors for years which is fine for big companies with payroll departments but can be a big weight on smaller ones .
There are of course risks - both in terms of security and technology - but this could go a long way to helping many companies . "
El padrino principal es Marcelo Ebrard , pero tambi�n aportar�n a la fiesta locatarios de La Lagunilla y otros funcionarios
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Domingo 28 de febrero de 2010
M�nica Archundia | El Universal
11:57
Apple and Google are among a handful of tech companies who fought to hide the race and gender of their workforce from newspaper reporters .
And no wonder :
Their diversity probably went from bad to worse .
The largest Silicon Valley companies lost more than one in ten black and Hispanic employees from 2000 to 2005 , leaving their workforces just 7 percent black and Hispanic , even as their overall employment grew 16 percent , accoring to federal employment data obtained by the San Jose Mercury News .
And that 's among the 10 companies who allowed the newspaper 's Freedom of Information Act Request to clear the Labor Department .
One would presume the situation is even worse at stonewalling Apple , Google , Oracle , Yahoo and Applied Materials , though the firms insist they are merely protecting trade secrets .
It 's entirely possible that Apple CEO Steve Jobs , for example , is hiding a very diverse workforce behind this management team :
( Top pic : DaveMN on Flickr )
A light - hearted look back at 15 years of the business challenge , beginning with some of the most unforgettable candidates
The Apprentice Best Bits : Most Memorable Characters
A 28 - year - old woman was convicted Thursday of throwing gasoline on a Tarzana nightclub dancer and setting her on fire .
A Los Angeles County Superior Court jury found Rianne Celine Theriault - Odom of Tarzana guilty of aggravated mayhem and torture .
She was acquitted on a charge of attempted murder and a lesser charge of attempted voluntary manslaughter .
“ We think this is an excellent verdict , ” said Jane Robison , a spokeswoman for the district attorney ’s office .
Public defender Leni Jacobs said the jury had come to a fair and careful decision , having taken nearly two days to decide .
Advertisement
“ This was a very conscientious jury , ” said Jacobs , who represented Theriault - Odom .
“ The jurors struggled with it .
They really considered the evidence . ”
Prosecutors said Theriault - Odom apparently was arguing with Roberta Dos Santos Busby of Simi Valley in the early morning of Feb. 5 , 2009 , outside the Babes & Beer nightclub , 18454 Oxnard St. , where Busby worked as an exotic dancer .
There had been a disagreement between the two women earlier in the evening , police said .
Busby , who was 27 at the time , had been inside the bar counting tips about 1:30 a.m. before coming outside , according to the Los Angeles Police Department .
Advertisement
During the argument , Theriault - Odom took a Dr. Pepper soda bottle filled with gasoline and doused the dancer .
Something flashed in the dark , witnesses said , and Busby was set ablaze , engulfed in fire from the waist up , said LAPD Det.
Louis Zorrilla .
“ The D.A. described her as a human fireball , a human torch , ” said Zorrilla , who worked on the investigation .
Busby ran back into the nightclub , where employees and patrons used curtains to extinguish the flames .
She was taken to the Grossman Burn Center in Sherman Oaks .
Busby , a mother of two , needed about 30 skin - graft operations , authorities said .
Advertisement
“ The victim was badly burned , ” Robison said .
“ She still has severe scars over her entire body a year later . ”
Jacobs said Theriault - Odom is a mother of four young boys who at one point had planned to go to school to become a dental hygienist .
She said a motive for the crime was unclear , adding that the two women had not met before that night .
“ Motive has eluded everybody , I think .
I have no idea , ” Jacobs said .
“ It ’s just really inexplicable . ”
Theriault - Odom faces life in prison with the possibility of parole when she is sentenced next month .
Advertisement
amina.khan@latimes.com
The Christian Holocaust movement founds its kinetic potential upon the simple discovery of how language , culture , and social inculcation dictate individual human intellectual precepts , forming the filter which the individual uses to process the world .
Christianity believes heavily in that filter with its duty - centric justification - based system of moral logic and its karmic work ethic , the primary elements of control in society today .
For this reason there came about a movement which realized that the shared cultural understanding of this filter permits the brutal abuse of environment , human rights , and human value as we are abused in jobs designed to leave us four waking hours of free time .
Society has brought us many good things and the addiction of their continued expense ; Christianity believes this is progress and conveniently denies the importance of death with its explanation of the afterlife .
Satan however brings the presence of death upon the land , like winter , to clear away that which is irrelevant and weak , clearing it to let the carcass compost feed the coming spring .
The death that shocks us now will remind the living how precious life is , and how absolutely meaningless so much of our construction , " life , " is .
The forces of the Christian Holocaust do not seek to enact Satan 's war upon earth , but only to enact political freedom for the minds of their descendents , and a clean genetic slate for future of the human species .
No racial , ethnic , sexual , or economic bias will be spared the swipe of the reaper 's scythe .
Satan mocks the petty minds of earth who cling to such excuses desperately as if to justify their existence , to themselves , through a polarity and allegiance to an image of higher value .
In the churning void of chaos however their values stand for what they are - meaningless - and their crusades as the criminal undertaking of human abuse that they are .
Race , ethnicity , sexual preference , and participation in poverty are n't choices -- but allegiance to deception is a substitute for choice , and is thus punishable by DEATH .
China has said its economy expanded by 8.7 % in 2009 , exceeding even the government 's own initial expectations .
The pace of change increased as the year went on , with growth in the final quarter of 2009 increasing by 10.7 % from the same period a year earlier .
China is now on course to overtake Japan and become the world 's second - biggest economy .
Japan announces its latest quarterly gross domestic product ( GDP ) figures next month .
The Japanese economy is likely to have contracted by about 6 % in 2009 .
' What the world needs ' Jim O'Neill , chief economist at Goldman Sachs , said that China had come up with " a very smart policy stimulus " and that some aspects of the financial crisis may not have been a bad thing .
ANALYSIS Chris Hogg , BBC News , Shanghai Officials say China 's economic stimulus package - the largest in the world in proportion to the size of the economy - helped China to rebuild and recover .
A year ago the concern was that economic growth here would be too weak .
Now the fear is that it could be becoming too strong .
Investors here are nervous because it's not clear yet what action the government will take to try to ensure this recovery is sustainable .
Interest rates could rise .
The country 's currency may be allowed to gain in value against the dollar .
Lending controls are likely to be tightened .
Challenges ahead for China " [ In ] November 2008 , they came up with a quick , aggressive fiscal and monetary response which has worked , " he told BBC Radio 4's World At One programme .
" They have replaced exports with domestic demand , both consumption and investment ...
China has become more important as America [ has become ] less , which is what the world needs . "
He said part of the reason behind the global crisis was that the world had become dependent on the US consumer , and the realisation of that had now forced countries to stand up for themselves .
" The most important one is China and their economy is now being driven by their own domestic economy , which will not only be increasingly important for them but important for everyone else including - directly and indirectly - people in Britain , " he said .
' Right direction ' China 's GDP announcement was made by Ma Jiantang , head of the National Bureau of Statistics .
He said China had faced " severe difficulties " in 2009 , but its economy has now recovered and was moving in the right direction .
Annual growth was only slightly down on 2008 .
These latest GDP figures have exceeded the target set by the Chinese government , the BBC's Chris Hogg in Shanghai says .
In Pictures : China 's economy
This is a turnaround because China , like other countries across the world , was hit by the economic crisis during late 2008 and early 2009 .
Factories closed and workers were laid off .
The economy recovered with the help of a massive government stimulus package but now there are signs it is expanding too quickly .
" There 's very strong growth but there 's real concern about the quality of the growth and what will happen when the stimulus is withdrawn , " said Michael Pettis , professor of finance at Peking University .
" It seems pretty clear that any withdrawal of the investment stimulus is going to have a big impact on growth . "
Inflation is also picking up , with consumer prices increasing by 1.9 % in December from a year earlier .
Chinese authorities are expected to now take measures to prevent the economy from overheating .
Economists expect interest rates to rise , while banks have already been ordered to keep more money in reserve , and reports say some have even been told to stop lending for the rest of January .
ANALYSIS Roland Buerk , BBC News , Tokyo
It is impossible to know for certain yet but economists may look back and say this was the moment China overtook Japan to become the world 's second biggest economy .
What is not in doubt is their trajectories .
China is powering ahead while Japan is slipping behind .
It should be remembered , though , that as China 's population is 10 times the size of Japan's , even if its overall economy is bigger , Japanese people remain vastly richer than those in China .
During the 1980s it was Japan which was rising , and some predicted then it would one day even overtake America .
But then there was a crash followed by two decades of stagnation .
Japan stagnation a warning for China ' China 's reality ' But Mr Ma played down speculation that China 's economy had now overtaken Japan's .
" According to the UN standard - that is $ 1 a day - there are still 150 million poor people in China .
That is China 's reality , " he said .
" So despite the increase in our GDP and economic strength , we still have to recognise that China is still a developing country . "
On inflation , he said that price rises were " mild and under control " .
Predictions Meanwhile , the World Bank has said that the global economic recovery will slow later this year as the impact of government stimulus policies wanes .
The Bank has forecast growth of 2.7 % this year after a contraction in 2009 .
However , its predictions for Japan are slightly less pessimistic than other forecasters .
It estimates that Japan 's economy shrunk by 5.4 % last year .
It added that the poorest countries - those that rely on grants or subsidised lending - may require an additional $ 35 bn to $ 50bn in funding just to sustain pre-crisis social programmes .
China is expected to become the world 's biggest economy in 2030 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Just days after a lightsaber - wielding flash mob invaded Bristol , a slew of Starfleet Officers descended upon London on to celebrate the release of Star Trek Online .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Organizers claimed it was the largest gathering of begarbed Trekkies ever , but how many showed ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This Valentine 's Day , 99 Trek fans showed up to the London Star Trek MMO event clad in cosplay - that number seems a tad but suspect , but regardless , it 's nice to see unabashed Trek fans taking it to the streets .
Plus , the world can never have too many Beverly Crushers .
Well , unless they 're evil , alternate dimension Beverly Crushers .
Who 'd probably have goatees , I guess .
Also keep your eyes peeled for Jean - Luc Picard if he was seemingly played by Grant Morrison .
Set all phasers to Barbelith !
Top image from EvilBatDuck on Flickr . [ via London Times ]
Canonical has announced the availability of the first Ubuntu 10.04 beta release .
The new version of Ubuntu , codenamed Lucid Lynx , is scheduled to arrive in April .
It will be a long - term support ( LTS ) release , which means that updates will be available for three years on the desktop and five years on servers .
Although the Ubuntu developers have largely focused on boosting stability for this release , they have also added a number of noteworthy new features and applications .
One of the most visible changes is the introduction of a new theme — a change that is part of a broader rebranding initiative that aims to update Ubuntu 's visual identity .
Canonical 's Ayatana team has continued its effort to overhaul the panel .
Ubuntu 10.04 introduces a new application indicator system that will streamline the panel notification area .
The panel has also gained a new menu— referred to as the Me Menu — for managing instant messaging presence and posting short messages to social networking Web sites .
The social networking functionality is powered by Gwibber , my open source microblogging application , which was added to Ubuntu for version 10.04 .
Another application that 's new in Lucid is Pitivi , a simple video editing tool .
In a controversial move , the Ubuntu developers have decided to remove the GIMP , the popular image editing program .
The new theme has benefited from further refinement since its initial inclusion .
Some of the more garish elements , like the strong hash marks on the scrollbars that we saw in the original version , have been smoothed out and made more subtle .
Several bugs have also been addressed , such as the problems we previously encountered with OpenOffice.org menu highlighting .
The Ubuntu Software Center has also gained an improved look that matches the new Ubuntu branding .
The beta is not quite ready for use in production environments , but it 's already fairly robust and ready for widespread testing .
You can download it from the Ubuntu Web site .
If you would like to test it in a virtualized environment without having to change your current Ubuntu installation , you might want to try the TestDrive tool .
For more details about 10.04 beta 1 , check out the official release notes .
This is the story of how my upcoming book “ Beirut – New York ” came to be .
From Beirut to New York
Last summer , I took a vacation and traveled from Beirut to New York City .
While the trip provided a much needed time out , the blow of coming back to everyday life in Beirut weighed on me .
My post-vacation blues got me wondering what makes certain cities more desirable than others .
Unexpectedly , I started noticing similarities between these highly incompatible cities : Beirut and New York City .
Can you persuade someone to like a product by telling them that it 's popular ?
Do teenagers like Taylor Swift because she 's good or because everyone else they know likes her — so hey , she must be good , right ?
Sociologist Robert Merton dubbed this tendency to base what we think we think on what other people are doing the " self - fulfilling prophecy " in 1949 , and since then social scientists have tried to measure how powerful it actually is .
Now , based on some studies conducted with the help of the Internet , it seems clear that we 're often just sheep .
A few years ago , Duncan Watts — a network - theory pioneer and scientist at Yahoo and Columbia University — wanted to test the strength of self - fulfilling prophecies in pop culture .
The problem , he realized , was that to really explore the phenomenon you 'd have to rewind history .
For example , I could argue that Madonna is famous because she 's uniquely talented .
You could counterargue that she 's just lucky :
She got picked up by the right label at the right time , and enough people glommed onto her .
But what if you could replay history with different conditions ?
If Madonna becomes famous each time , then her success is due to raw talent .
If not , it 's just luck .
You can't rewind history , of course .
But Watts devised a clever way to simulate the effect .
He and his collaborator , Matthew Salganik , created a music - downloading Web site .
They uploaded 48 songs by unknown bands and got people to log in to the site , listen to the songs , then rate and download them .
Users could see one another 's rankings , and they were influenced in roughly the same way self - fulfilling prophecies are supposed to work .
That meant some tunes could become hits — and others duds — partly because of social pressure .
Watts and Salganik ran the experiment over and over — each time with a new group of people — until they 'd gotten 12,900 participants .
In essence , they rewound history each time : Every new group started fresh , listened to the same 48 songs , and made up their collective mind .
The result ?
Different songs were hits with different groups .
A few songs frequently — but not always — hovered near the top , and a few at the bottom .
But for most of the tracks , success — or failure — seemed random .
Or as Watts concluded , about half of a song 's movement could be attributed to intrinsic appeal .
The rest was luck .
Rerun history , it seems , and Madonna could be working as a waitress .
So what about advertising , marketing , and hucksterism ?
Can you browbeat people into thinking something is popular when it is n't ?
To figure that out , Watts and Salganik ran a deliciously devious experiment .
They took the song ratings of one group and inverted them so bottom - ranked music was now at the top .
Then they gave these rankings to a fresh set of listeners .
In essence , they lied to the new group :
They told them that songs that were n't popular with previous listeners actually were .
The new listeners dutifully took their social cues from the bogus popularity rankings — they ranked the fake - high ones high , even downloading them , while snubbing the fake - low ones .
Apparently , flat - out lying works .
But only sometimes .
Eventually , some of the previously top - ranked songs began to creep back up , and previously bottom - ranked ones slid down .
And people in the upside - down world downloaded fewer songs overall .
Maybe the participants sensed that the ratings somehow were n't accurate and started to wonder about the entire system .
If so , this strikes a small but happy blow for quality .
It also offers a cautionary tale to marketers :
If you lie about the merits of your product , you might suppress demand across your entire sector .
It will be exciting to see how this " multiple worlds " paradigm gets used to test self - fulfilling prophesies in other areas — like financial markets .
Learning how to avoid a bank run or currency collapse could come in handy these days .
Email clive@clivethompson.net .
Steven Goddard writes below that he agrees with the prediction I made in late 2009 that we ’d see another 500,000 km2 of Arctic sea ice recovery in 2010 .
The Arctic Oscillation seems to be negative again , and according to NSIDC , this figures greatly in making thicker ice thus lowering summer losses .
– Anthony
Source : Climate Prediction Center
NSIDC regularly puts out a news article describing the deteriorating state of the Arctic , called the Sea Ice News .
In their May 5 , 2008 article , they stated :
… the Arctic Oscillation was in its positive phase through the winter season , associated with a wind pattern helping to flush thick ice out of the Arctic , leaving thinner ice .
This is one of the factors helping to set the stage for pronounced ice losses this summer .
Additionally , Dr. Walt Meier from NSIDC told WUWT :
The NAO / AO ( Arctic Oscillation ) is a particularly prominent one and a substantial amount of the decline in the sea ice during the late 1980s and early 1990s could be attributed to a strong positive mode during winters because the positive mode favors the loss of thicker ice ( through drift ) that is less likely to melt during summer .
In their January 5 , 2010 article NSIDC states that we are in an “ Extreme negative phase of the Arctic Oscillation ” which can be seen in this NOAA graph below .
Oddly ( but not surprisingly ) the article failed to mention how this affects drift .
If a positive Arctic Oscillation flushes out the Arctic into the Atlantic , the implication is that a negative phase would tend to retain ice .
This indeed appears to be the case .
Arctic buoys show very light polar drift this winter .
NSIDC made a big deal about loss of multi-year ice in the Arctic during 2007 - 2008 , but this was due more to drift in the winter than melting in the summer , as can be seen in the NSIDC map pair below .
Note that most of the 2007 multiyear ice was replaced by first year ice after the 2007 melt season ended and ( necessarily ) before the 2008 melt season started .
The only way this could have happened was due to drift during the 2007 - 2008 winter , i.e. it could not be the result of summer melt - because ice only forms in the winter .
If the ice is not drifting ( i.e. not under tensile stress ) the concentration should be high .
This indeed appears to be the case .
According to UIUC maps , sea ice concentration is high ( above 90 % ) across the Arctic Basin .
http://arctic.atmos.uiuc.edu/cryosphere/NEWIMAGES/arctic.seaice.color.000.png
The Arctic ice minimum extent increased by about 25 % between 2007 and 2009 , and many indications ( negative AO , light drift , high concentration ) point to the idea that it will continue to increase in 2010 .
http://www.ijis.iarc.uaf.edu/seaice/extent/AMSRE_Sea_Ice_Extent.png
We can also expect that the average age of the ice has increased this winter , continuing a trend started in 2009 .
Here ’s your chance to weigh in :
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
RIAA vs. College Students : File Sharing Lawsuit Statistics ( Infographic )
Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn
How many people has the RIAA sued for sharing copyrighted content ?
We may never know .
In February 2006 , the RIAA stopped reporting the number of copyright infringement lawsuits it has filed .
As of that date , 17,587 people had been sued .
Despite all their efforts , RIAA has still lost on a large scale and most people who illegally download music still do n’t care about copyright laws .
Nowhere else is this attitude more prevalent than in college .
College - aged men and women continue to download music at startling rates .
Campuses all around the country , from expensive Ivy League schools , to less expensive state institutions are dealing with increased pressure from the RIAA to catch students illegally downloading .
Here is a visual look at RIAA ’s war against college students who share files online .
Click the infographic below to enlarge
It 's official : iPad 's launching in the US on April 3 , with the 3G model coming later in the month .
Pre-orders start next week , March 12 .
It 's just about on time .
Advertisement
Click to viewApril 3 , interestingly , is a Saturday , and exactly 59 66 days after the iPad launch , placing it just outside the 60 availability window Jobs promised for the non -3G model .
Apple 's still not setting an exact date for the 3G model , promising late April , meaning it stay within the 90 - day cocoon .
Pre-orders start a week from today .
Advertisement
For folks uh - broad — Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Spain , Switzerland and the UK — both vanilla Wi-Fi and 3G models are launching simultaneously in " late April . "
While we now know it 's April 3 , what we 're still wondering about D - Day :
How many native iPad apps are launching with it ?
Will there be lines ?
( Well , probably . )
But will there be shortages , as some analysts have suggested ?
Also , Apple says iPad will be available through " select Authorized Retailers . "
Does that mean Best Buy will get in on the launch action ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So , raise your hand if you 're waiting for the 3G model !
i Pad Available in US on April 3 Pre-Order on March 12 CUPERTINO , Calif. , March 5 / PRNewswire -FirstCall / — Apple® today announced that its magical and revolutionary iPad will be available in the US on Saturday , April 3 , for Wi-Fi models and in late April for Wi -Fi + 3G models .
In addition , all models of iPad will be available in Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Spain , Switzerland and the UK in late April .
Beginning a week from today , on March 12 , US customers can pre-order both Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi + 3G models from Apple 's online store ( www.apple.com) or reserve a Wi -Fi model to pick up on Saturday , April 3 , at an Apple retail store .
" iPad is something completely new , " said Steve Jobs , Apple 's CEO .
" We 're excited for customers to get their hands on this magical and revolutionary product and connect with their apps and content in a more intimate , intuitive and fun way than ever before . "
Starting at just $ 499 , iPad lets users browse the web , read and send email , enjoy and share photos , watch videos , listen to music , play games , read ebooks and much more .
iPad is just 0.5 inches thick and weighs just 1.5 pounds - thinner and lighter than any laptop or netbook - and delivers battery life of up to 10 hours . *
iPad 's revolutionary Multi-Touch ™ interface makes surfing the web an entirely new experience , dramatically more interactive and intimate than on a computer .
You can read and send email on iPad 's large screen and almost full - size " soft " keyboard or import photos from a Mac® , PC or digital camera , see them organized as albums , and enjoy and share them using iPad 's elegant slideshows .
iPad makes it easy to watch movies , TV shows and YouTube , all in HD , or flip through the pages of an ebook you downloaded from Apple 's new iBookstore while listening to your music collection .
The App Store on iPad lets you wirelessly browse , buy and download new apps from the world 's largest app store .
iPad includes 12 new innovative apps designed especially for iPad and will run almost all of the more than 150,000 apps on the App Store , including apps already purchased for your iPhone® or iPod touch® .
Developers are already creating exciting new apps designed for iPad that take advantage of its Multi- Touch interface , large screen and high - quality graphics .
The new iBooks app for iPad includes Apple 's new iBookstore , the best way to browse , buy and read books on a mobile product .
The iBookstore will feature books from the New York Times Best Seller list from both major and independent publishers , including Hachette Book Group , HarperCollins Publishers , Macmillan Publishers , Penguin Group and Simon & Schuster .
The iTunes® Store gives iPad users access to the world 's most popular online music , TV and movie store with a catalog of over 12 million songs , over 55,000 TV episodes and over 8,500 films including over 2,500 in stunning high definition .
All the apps and content you download on iPad from the App Store , iTunes Store and iBookstore will be automatically synced to your iTunes library the next time you connect with your computer .
Pricing & Availability iPad will be available in Wi-Fi models on April 3 in the US for a suggested retail price of $ 499 for 16GB , $ 599 for 32 GB , $ 699 for 64GB .
The Wi-Fi + 3G models will be available in late April for a suggested retail price of $ 629 for 16GB , $ 729 for 32 GB and $ 829 for 64GB .
iPad will be sold in the US through the Apple Store® ( www.apple.com), Apple 's retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers .
iPad will be available in both Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi + 3G models in late April in Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Spain , Switzerland and the UK .
International pricing will be announced in April .
iPad will ship in additional countries later this year .
The iBooks app for iPad including Apple 's iBookstore will be available as a free download from the App Store in the US on April 3 , with additional countries added later this year .
* Battery life depends on device settings , usage and other factors .
Actual results vary .
Apple ignited the personal computer revolution in the 1970s with the Apple II and reinvented the personal computer in the 1980s with the Macintosh .
Today , Apple continues to lead the industry in innovation with its award - winning computers , OS X operating system and iLife and professional applications .
Apple is also spearheading the digital media revolution with its iPod portable music and video players and iTunes online store , and has entered the mobile phone market with its revolutionary iPhone .
© 2010 Apple Inc .
All rights reserved .
Apple , the Apple logo , Mac , Mac OS , Macintosh , Multi-Touch , iPhone , iPod touch , iTunes and Apple Store are trademarks of Apple .
Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners .
Advertisement
[ Apple ]
The administration is presenting the Public Higher Education Empowerment and Innovation Act ( PHEEIA ) as a means to deliver us from the Governor ’s evil budget cuts : make the university more autonomous , they ’re saying , to liberate the university from the meddling influence of politics in Albany .
Well .
Looking past its meaningless and condescending name , any the actual proposal is nothing more than the resurrection of old arguments and old struggles , only recast in newer catch - words and phrases : globalization , innovation , economic vitality , resilience , flexibility ; the list goes on .
No doubt these vacuous utterances stem from the minds of bureaucratic manipulators who either do n’t know what they ’re talking about — which they do — or have something to hide .
The business press can usually be counted on to provide at least a glimpse of truth on these matters , and Buffalo ’s Business First does n’t disappoint .
From their Jan. 15 “ SUNY may receive tuition flexibility ” :
If the bill ’s intentions sound familiar , that ’s because it is based on similar legislation crafted last year by the University of Buffalo .
Namely , the UB 2020 Flexibility and Economic Growth Act , which stalled in the legislature .
Going back even further , Pataki ’s cronies on the board of trustees proposed in their now - infamous 1995 manifesto “ Rethinking SUNY ” the same few changes :
to allow “ market forces ” to determine tuition and offerings — now being called differential tuition , with the free - market - cargo - cult ’s lingo being out of vogue ; increased public - private partnerships — now the leasing public taxpayer - owned land by appointed , not elected , administration officials and board trustees ; and a gradual system of tuition increases — now called , obviously , rational or flex tuition .
In the PHEEIA , a newer proposal is the containment of revenue by the university , where revenue from tuition and other money - making ventures would n’t go to Albany , as it does now , but instead remain within the university .
Nominally , this is proposed as a way to reduce red-tape and micromanagement , but is clearly intended to keep Albany ’s hands off the revenue derived from those public - private partnerships the administration is salivating over .
In short , they ’re pushing to dismantle and privatize the state university system .
But is it any surprise ?
Keynes once wrote that “ The power of vested interests is usually exaggerated when compared with the gradual encroachment of ideas .
. . .
Indeed the world is ruled by little else . . .
Madmen in authority , who hear voices in the air , are distilling their frenzy from some academic scribbler of a few years back . ”
The administration , in distress , is only grasping at straws here , only acting within the space they encounter , picking up the ideas lying around .
And we find that , in fact , this turns out to be more than just figurative .
Commenting on the PHEEIA as proposed by the governor , the Higher Education Committee chairwoman Sen. Toby Ann Stavisky ( D - Queens ) has said recently , “ I think he opened a drawer , found an old proposal and pulled it out . ”
It ’s no secret that the most facile way to ensure “ fiscal vitality ” in the short term is through the private sector .
Like maggots in an open wound , private influence can be benign , even beneficial .
But it makes no sense for the university to slash at itself , slicing open more wounds only for the purpose of stuffing them with maggots .
Budget shortfalls can be resolved in other ways , and to see the administration gloss over them is disappointing .
The fact is this : flexible tuition will be flexible in only one direction .
Up .
What ’s worse , it flexes gradually , cleverly avoiding those pesky students who make noise about the steep hikes that occur when the legislature is involved .
It ’s merely a throttling mechanism , not a “ competition ” facilitator .
What that means is a 6 - 7 % increase in tuition every year over the next ten years .
That ’s about a $ 7,000 increase by 2020 .
It ’s good to remember here that forty years ago , SUNY and CUNY were just about free .
At that time , public education served its purpose : to provide affordable and accessible education to everyone , unfettered by the vacillations of the market and free of its totalitarian - style institutions ( read : corporations ) .
For the university to so openly and cynically betray this mission is disgraceful .
Shame on the president ; shame on the chancellor ; shame on their sycophants masquerading as professors .
How stupid it was to think President Stanley would be a relief from the the sneering and snorting Shirley Strum Kenny , who gobbled up as many tits and tats and quids and quos as was humanly possible .
The faculty and administration are not only aware of the trend toward privatization , but also of the risks of opposing it .
Many will recall picknose Pataki ’s 1996 ejection of then chancellor Thomas Bartlett for daring to protest cuts to the SUNY budget .
Bartlett criticized Pataki and the trustees for “ not understanding the role of public higher education . ”
When things get political , even campus presidents are at risk .
It comes as no surprise , then , that when they are n’t openly cheering the implementation of the vitiated philosophy of “ let the market take care of it ” , they ’re cowering in fear of being fired by its zealous adherents .
Students should be mobilized .
Unions should be mobilized .
This concerns everyone ; as such , it can only be solved by everyone .
It ’s a shame that the campus is only intellectually organized around various “ smelly little orthodoxies ” , and socially organized according to specific interests .
Brothers and sisters , comrades , friends , we need to unite .
To be apolitical is to leave your fellow students at the mercy of ideology .
And beware of compromisers — the truth seldom lies , but when it does lie it lies somewhere in between .
Note :
This is a composite index based on a number of economic releases .
From the Chicago Fed : Index shows economic activity slowed in February
Led by declines in production - related indicators , the Chicago Fed National Activity Index decreased to – 0.64 in February , down from – 0.04 in January .
Three of the four broad categories of indicators that make up the index deteriorated , and only the sales , orders , and inventories category made a positive contribution .
The index ’s three - month moving average , CFNAI - MA3 , decreased to – 0.39 in February from – 0.13 in January , but for the second consecutive month , it was higher than at any point since December 2007 .
February ’s CFNAI - MA3 suggests that growth in national economic activity was below its historical trend .
...
Most of the weakness in the index continued to stem from the consumption and housing category .
...
Employment - related indicators also made a negative contribution to the index , contributing – 0.16 to the index in February compared with – 0.02 in January .
Click on table for larger image in new window .
A CFNAI - MA3 value below – 0.70 following a period of economic expansion indicates an increasing likelihood that a recession has begun .
A CFNAI - MA3 value above – 0.70 following a period of economic contraction indicates an increasing likelihood that a recession has ended .
A CFNAI - MA3 value above +0.20 following a period of economic contraction indicates a significant likelihood that a recession has ended .
This graph shows the Chicago Fed National Activity Index ( three month moving average ) since 1967 .
According to the Chicago Fed : According to Chicago Fed , it is still too early to call the official recession over - but with the three month average CFNAI - MA3 above - 0.70 , the likelihood that a recession has ended is increasing .
The 400 highest - earning households in the United States averaged nearly $ 345 million in 2007 , up 31 percent from a year earlier , data from the Internal Revenue Service shows .
The figures for 2007 , the last year of an economic expansion , show that average income reported by the top 400 earners more than doubled from $ 131.1 million in 2001 .
That year , Congress adopted tax cuts proposed by George W. Bush .
Democrats say those cuts disproportionately benefit the wealthy .
Each of the top 400 earning households paid an average tax rate of 16.6 percent , the lowest since the I.R.S. began tracking the data in 1992 , the statistics show .
Their average effective tax rate was about half the 29.4 percent in 1993 , the first year of the Clinton administration , when taxes were increased .
The statistics underscore “ two long - term trends : that income at the very top has exploded and their taxes have been cut dramatically , ” said Chuck Marr , director of federal tax policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , a Washington research group that supports increasing taxes on high - income people .
A serial killer and serial sex offender need not be obviously abnormal .
He need not be a loser in life .
And , indeed , he may sometimes wear a uniform .
Col . Russell Williams , charged with two murders and two sexual assaults , is innocent until proven guilty .
If he is guilty , he is not entirely unique – though , according to criminal profiler Deborah Schurman - Kauflin , he would appear to be the rarest type of serial offender : a “ Macho Man . ”
Schurman - Kauflin identified the Macho Man category in a 2005 book after interviewing 25 serial killers .
Macho Man killers , she said in an email Tuesday , tend to be articulate men with significant others who “ do well in the workplace , ” “ are drawn to law enforcement or military , ” display an obsessive - compulsive need for things to be “ done a very specific way , ” “ prefer to dress in uniform , ” and “ stand up very straight , even in personal life . ”
Like the rest of us , profiling experts contacted about Williams could only speculate on his psyche .
But they offered insights , gleaned from knowledge of high - functioning offenders , which may help explain how a top military official could commit heinous crimes – and how a criminal could achieve such prestige in the first place .
Mark Zelig , a forensic psychologist and former Salt Lake City police lieutenant , said many serial offenders are experts in “ compartmentalization ” who are able to separate their secret deviant behaviour from their respectable daily lives .
“ If they ca n’t separate it , then their behaviour comes to attention early in life , and they probably never have the opportunity to be coined a serial offender , ” he said .
Schurman - Kauflin said it would not be surprising if a serial offender fooled military brass into believing he was a good man .
“ A serial offender who is very organized can hide his dark side , ” she said .
“ In fact , he will go out of his way to cultivate relationships with others so that he is viewed in a positive light .
Doing so is another way he is expressing his power .
He can fool the top guys , and he enjoys doing that . ”
Schurman - Kauflin , Zelig and Pat Brown , a profiler and U.S. television commentator , said Williams could have been drawn to the military by some of the same traits that made him an alleged offender .
Brown noted that a job as a military officer allows for “ a level of extreme power and control , ” the goal of many sex offenders .
Zelig said many serial offenders possess low levels of anxiety ; if this were true of Williams , it could partially explain his success as a military pilot .
And Schurman - Kauflin said an offender may deliberately seek to attain an elite job because such a position would “ help him in many ways , ” such as minimizing the possibility he would be suspected of an offence .
“ Everything a serial offender does , ” she said , “ is to further his compulsion to fulfill his deviant desires . ”
Like the other profilers , Mark Safarik , a consultant who formerly worked for the FBI ’s Behavioral Analysis Unit , said it is likely the offender in the latest crimes has been active for far longer .
Typically , he said , an offender progresses from relatively minor transgressions like prowling or peeping to “ fantasy fulfilment , ” perhaps with willing partners ; when “ that is n’t enough of a thrill , ” Safarik said , “ he crosses over into non-compliant victims . ”
“ People do n’t just wake up one day and say , ‘ I ’m going to abduct someone and murder them , ’ ” he said .
“ I ’m sure there ’s a history . ”
With files from Cathal Kelly
Bickering leaders drive Nepal to brink of disaster KATHMANDU : Even with just 72 hours remaining between the country and disaster , Nepal ’s bickering politicians failed to rise above self interests on Tuesday , pushing the fledgling republic further on the brink of disaster .
The two major ruling parties and the main opposition , the Maoists , held yet another meeting in a series of interminable negotiations that have continued almost for two years and have consistently failed to see any progress .
While the Maoists stuck to their demand that Prime Minister Madhav Kumar Nepal should resign first , the premier continued to parry the attack , secure in the support shown by its ruling ally , the Nepali Congress , and the Indian government .
While the wrangling has been holding parliament and the country hostage , the government incredibly continued making grandiose plans for future , including announcing an award to honour the Buddha when the cards predicted the dissolution of the government from Friday midnight .
A new constitution was to have come into effect on that day .
However , since the major parties , deadlocked in a one - track dispute for power , failed the deadline , parliament and with it the government stands to be dissolved once the deadline expires .
Though the ruling coalition has tabled a proposal in parliament to extend the deadline and on Tuesday asked lawmakers to vote for it , it is clear the motion will fail unless the Maoists support it since they are the largest party with nearly 40 percent seats in the 601 - member parliament .
The former guerrillas have already tabled a veto on the government ’s extension proposal and a battle is imminent on the floor of the house .
The government ’s strategy seems to be to prolong the dispute till Friday midnight and then declare a state of emergency and President ’s rule , a dire constitutional provision available in case the country is facing civil war or a calamity .
Nepal met the President , Dr Ram Baran Yadav , on Tuesday .
Yadav , who played a decisive role n Nepal ’s politics last year by causing the fall of the Maoist government could yet again take centre - stage from Friday midnight .
Uncertainty and fear gripped Nepal with conjectures about military rule and the possible snapping of the peace accord .
While the moderate Maoist leaders have been saying their protests would be peaceful , the hawks in the party have been advocating a return to the armed revolution .
With nearly 20,000 trained combatants at their disposal , the former guerrillas who fought a 10 - year war are still feared for the damage they might inflict if pushed to the brink .
May 26 , 2010 at 4:53 am
Nepali summiteer draws world ’s attention to save Himalayas Nepali summiteer Apa Sherpa , world record holder for 20 ascents of Mt. Everest ( also known as Mt. Qomolangma ) articulated his contentment over unfurling a climate change message from top of the world .
Popularly known as “ Super Sherpa ” , Nepali hero Apa , 50 , conquered Everest for the 20th time again on May 22 , breaking his own world record .
“ I had sumitted Everest many times for personal sake but since 2008 , I ’m climbing for social cause .
Carrying the message of climate change and biodiversity conservation to the world , I ’m climbing Everest , ” said Apa on Tuesday .
Apa , who is also the World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) ’s “ Climate for Life ” campaign ambassador and climbing leader of Eco Expedition 2010 , was speaking at a press meeting Tuesday organized by WWF after he returned from conquering the Everest .
Apa first reached the summit of Everest on May 10 , 1990 with a New Zealand team led by climber Peter Hillary , son of Edmund Hillary .
Before heading on his daring and noble mission this year to draw the attention of world to pay attention to melting Himalayas as a consequence of climate change , Apa told Xinhua that he was climbing Everest to raise global awareness about impact of climate change over Himalayas .
“ As far as I can , I will continue to contribute my country by any means whether creating awareness or collecting garbage , ” said Apa , who is a goodwill ambassador for climate change for South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation .
Nevertheless , he said he encourages young summiteers to work for the nation and save the Himalayas .
Apa carried the national tourism campaign “ Nepal Tourism Year - 2011 ” flag and WWF banner written with “ You Heard Our Voice , Now Raise Yours - We Can Stop Climate Change at the top of the world in his 20th ascents .
“ I am thankful to have been able to climb Mt. Everest for the 20th time .
I climbed this year to raise awareness about the Apa Sherpa foundation , which is dedicated to increasing educational opportunities for people in the Himalayan Region .
I also climbed to bring attention to the damage done to the Himalayas because of global climate change , ” Apa mentioned in his official website right after conquering Everest May 26 , 2010 at 4:53 am
Nepal concerned over attacks on Nepalis in India
There is growing concern in Nepal over the attacks on Nepalis and Nepali - speaking people in north - east India that are reported to have left 17 dead and forced thousands to flee their homes .
Nepal ’s foreign ministry has asked the Nepal Embassy in New Delhi to inquire into reports that more than a dozen Nepalis were beaten to death in a coal mine and two more were torched alive in India ’s Meghalaya state after clashes between ethnic communities on the border between two Indian states .
The opposition Maoist party has also taken note of the reports of violence targeting Nepalis and people of Nepali origin and condemned the incidents .
The central committee of the formerly underground party , which held four - day discussions to draw up its future strategy , said at the end of the parleys Monday that it regretted and condemned the attacks on Nepalis and Nepali - speaking people in India .
The ethnic tension flared up in India after communities from two north - eastern states , Assam and Meghalaya , clashed over the ownership of disputed border villages .
Four members of Meghalaya ’s indigenous Khasi community were killed when Indian police fired on the mob , triggering retaliatory attacks by the community .
The victims of the retaliation were Nepali blue - collar workers and Indians of Nepali - origin living in Meghalaya and working in the coal mines .
Between 12 to 17 people are reported to have been killed in the violence , two of whom were burnt to death .
Though the attacks stopped after the state government beefed up security , thousands of Nepalis and Nepali - speaking people are reported to have fled their homes and taken shelter in camps in Assam .
Many are said to have left India to take shelter in Nepali villages across the border .
May 26 , 2010 at 4:53 am
Nepal Maoists not involved KATHMANDU : The Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) has condemned news reports published in India and Kathmandu about its hand in the killing of Madan Tamang , president of the Akhil Bharatiya Gorkha League .
Maoist spokesperson Dina Nath Sharma said in a statement : “ Our party strongly denounces these ill - intentioned , hypothetical and baseless charges and news articles .
The murder of Mr. Tamang , a good friend of Nepal , who was leading a just movement against national oppression and for national identity , has shocked our party immensely . ”
According to news reports , Bimal Gurung , chairperson of the Gorkha Janamukti Morcha , accused the government of West Bengal for murdering Tamang , hiring Nepalese Maoists .
Mr. Sharma has urged the concerned governments to guarantee the Nepali - speaking Indian citizens ’ safety and their right to life .
May 26 , 2010 at 4:53 am
Jordan Romero on Everest When Californian Jordan Romero reached the summit of Everest on the 22nd May he become the youngest person to do so : whether he should have been climbing the mountain in the first place has led to widespread debate .
Romero is the 10th person to establish the record as the youngest summiteer .
Hillary , of course , started the ball rolling when he was 33 years and 313 days old .
Over the next 20 years younger summiteers whittled down statistics , until in May 1973 Shambu Tamang reached the top aged 17 years and 179 days , a record that would stand until 2001 .
In that year Pema Chiring reached the summit on the 22nd May aged 17 years and 156 days .
However , his record lasted less than 24 hours , as on the 23rd Temba Shiri was only 16 years and 17 days old when he stood on top .
Significantly , Nepal bans attempts on Everest for those under 16 , so in May 2003 Mingkipa Sherpa , with her older sister Lhakpa who had already summited the mountain , travelled to Tibet for a successful climb via the North Col Whilst Mingkipa ’s exact age is not known , it is certain she was between 15 and 16 at the time of her ascent .
Romero too had to climb from the unrestricted Tibetan side , a rather harder proposition than tackling the original route via the South Col from Nepal .
Previously , he ’d also had to negotiate a special permit from Argentinean authorities to climb Aconcagua .
Permission to climb South America ’s highest mountain is not normally granted to anyone under 14 .
So how safe is it to climb high mountains at such a young age ; 13 years and 314 days in the case Romero on the 22nd May , when he topped out on Everest .
Jordan Romero ’s specific quest is to be the youngest to climb the Seven Summits .
He climbed his first , Kilimanjaro , in July 2006 and now has only to summit Antarctica ’s Vinson to complete the set .
Understandably , there has been much talk of recklessness , and irresponsibility on the part of his guardians .
His father , Paul Romero , and stepmother , Karen Lundgren , are both mountaineers and accompanied Jordan on Everest .
Lundgren is a personal trainer , while Paul Romero is a paramedic , who has been trained in high altitude medicine and rescue .
“ So he”ll know that his child should n’t be there ” , said the BMC ’s Medical Advisor , Dave Hillebrandt , quoted in a Guardian newspaper report .
And the fact that Ramero seems to have safely climbed and descended Everest certainly does not mean that Hillebrandt is wrong .
British medic Hugh Montgomery confirms that anecdotally younger climbers are less able to cope with altitude , but when pushed to comment on whether high altitude climbing is harmful to 13 - year olds stated , “ no one really knows ” .
The UIAA guidelines for taking children to high altitude note , ‘ the particular risks of exposure of children to high altitude have not been thoroughly studied and much of the advice must necessarily be extrapolated from adult data with due considerations of the influence of growth and development .
So far as is known , children are not under more restrictions to acute exposure to altitude than adults ’ .
The well - known Chamonix - based doctor , Jean - Pierre Herry , from Ecole Nationale de Ski et d’Alpinisme ( ENSA : the French National Ski and Mountaineering School ) sides with Hillebrandt but goes further , stating his belief that it is not advisable for children under the age of 16 to ascend Mont Blanc .
May 26 , 2010 at 4:52 am
European parliamentary team visits Nepal An European parliamentary delegation is in Kathmandu May 25 - 29 to participate in an inter-parliamentary meeting , EuAsiaNews reported Tuesday .
The six - member delegation is led by British member of European Parliament Jean Lambert .
During the visit , the EU parliamentarians will meet various political figures , including Nepalese president , prime minister and foreign minister to discuss new proposed constitution for Nepal that is due to be announced May 29 .
The delegation will also address issues of climate change and the refugee situation .
‘ It is an honour to be leading this delegation to Nepal and I am pleased to use this opportunity to build on our already existing relations during this time of great political change for the country .
This new constitution marks a really important point for Nepal on its path to democracy and the European Parliament is keen to offer whatever assistance to that process we can , ’ said Lambert in press statements .
May 26 , 2010 at 4:52 am
Manisha ’s nuptials in Nepal , party in Mumbai !
Manisha Koirala will wed Samrat Dahal in Kathmandu , the reception ’s in Juhu Manisha Koirala ’s marriage to Nepali businessman Samrat Dahal will be a close family affair .
The engagement will take place on June 18 and the nuptials will happen on the 19th in Kathmandu .
The wedding wo n’t have any B - Towners in attendance — save for her close friend Deepti Naval — as Manya plans to invite her industry friends for a reception in Mumbai at a later date .
A source offers details , “ The wedding , a traditional Nepali affair will span three days and will include the customary swyambar . ”
The source continues , “ Something called duradai will take place in stead of the usual mehndi .
Manya ’s mother and brother Siddharth are overseeing the wedding preparations .
Designers Sabyasachi Mukherji and Anna Singh will design the outfits for the pre-wedding ceremonies .
The to - be bride will wear a red sari with diamond - and - gold work on her big day .
Samrat will wear traditional Nepali wear picked out by his US - based sister .
The reception venue is yet to be decided , but sources claim that it will most likely be at a five - star hotel in Juhu , Mumbai .
A source adds , “ Manisha , a recluse a few years back , has now come out of her shell .
She has begun socialising with her old friends and has started making new ones . ”
A source reveals details about Manya ’s to - be in - laws , “ She met Samrat in US .
He ’s in the process of setting up an alternative energy company in Nepal .
He is the youngest of three siblings .
While his eldest brother Suraj heads the Kathmandu Academy , his sister Shuvashree is doing her PhD in the US .
He has houses both in the US and in Nepal . ”
Manisha recently finished shooting for Dipendra Khanal ’s Nepali film titled Dharma .
The film marks the return of the actress to the Nepali film industry nearly two decades after she left for Bollywood .
She is presently in Cochin shooting for a Telugu film .
May 26 , 2010 at 4:52 am
Nepal President for lessons from Mahabharata to build peace President Ram Baran Yadav on Monday highlighted the lessons from the Hindu epic Mahabharata to underline the need for building peace in Nepal after a decade - long conflict that ended in 2006 .
Releasing the Nepali translation of Anu Gita , which is based on the Hindu epic , the President said the book has relevance in the present context of Nepal as it accords importance to building peace after conflict .
The book deals with the policy to be adopted after the end of a conflict that is useful for the country in the present context , Yadav pointed out .
He said the country is moving on the path of restoration of peace after a decade - long conflict .
The book , which was translated into Nepali language by Srihari Rupakheti , is based on teachings of Lord Krishna to Arjuna after the end of devastating Mahabharat battle .
It gives lessons in peace building and reconstruction works .
The 350 - page book was the Nepalese translation of English book written by May 26 , 2010 at 4:52 am
UK Int’l Development minister chooses Nepal for his maiden overseas trip
In his first overseas visit since his appointment earlier this month , British Minister for International Development Alan Duncan is due to arrive in Kathmandu on Wednesday .
Alan Duncan
Alan Duncan
( File photo )
During his two - day stay the Duncan will familiarise himself with the UK ’s development programmes in Nepal and lend the new UK government ’s support to Nepal ’s peace process , a press release issued by the British Embassy said .
During his two day visit , the Minister will meet with Prime Minister Madhav Kumar Nepal , Chairman of UCPN - Maoist Puspa Kamal Dahal and Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Foreign Affairs Sujata Koirala .
He will also interact with Constituent Assembly members .
“ We are delighted that the Minister has chosen Nepal for his first overseas visit .
This visit underpins how important development is for Nepal , our continuing commitment and support to development in Nepal , and reinforces our good relations with Nepal , ” said Sarah Sanyahumbi , Head of Office for DFID Nepal .
May 26 , 2010 at 4:51 am
Nepal maids from Kuwait being dumped in Riyadh
At least two Nepalese housemaids are left every day at the gates of the Nepalese Embassy in Riyadh .
Many of the housemaids , who have legal Kuwaiti residency documents , are brought to the Kingdom on visit visas , made to work for Saudi families and then abandoned or brought to the embassy .
“ Some Saudis hire housemaids from their relatives and friends in Kuwait .
But such women cannot be sent back to Nepal via Kuwait as it would incur extra expenses , including a SR10,000 fine because they have overstayed their visit visas .
The easiest thing to do is to bring them to our embassy , sometimes with their passports and one - way tickets , ” said Khadga Prasad Dahal , first secretary at the Nepalese Embassy .
On May 16 , the Nepalese Embassy repatriated 16 Nepalese housemaids , six of whom had come from Kuwait .
Three of the women were either physically sick or mentally deranged .
There are an estimated 50,000 Nepalese housemaids in Saudi Arabia with 10,000 in Riyadh alone , said Dahal , adding that the maids are illegal as Katmandu has banned Nepalese nationals from working as domestic servants abroad .
To get around the ban , Nepalese women , many of them uneducated , are brought to Mumbai where visas are arranged at the Saudi consulate .
“ Flying from Mumbai means they are coming here without our knowledge .
So it becomes impossible to keep track of them , ” said Dahal , adding that Kuwait - based housemaids are brought to the Kingdom without their consent .
He added that since Nepalese women are not trained like women from the Philippines or Sri Lanka , they are unable to perform basic jobs like handling electrical appliances and so make mistakes , something that angers their employers resulting in beatings and torture .
The housemaids then either run away or the sponsor tries to get rid of them .
Those in Jeddah are dumped near the Sharafia Bridge .
Since Nepal does not have a consulate in Jeddah , said Dahal , many Nepalese women go to the Indian Consulate .
He said the Nepalese Embassy tries to help such women by finding temporary employment so that they could earn money to buy tickets to Nepal .
Those living in and around Dammam also receive help from the embassy .
But for the Nepalese housemaids in the rest of the Kingdom , life can become difficult .
Many women at the shelter are pregnant or physically sick .
“ We try to expedite such cases on humanitarian grounds , ” said Dahal , adding that three pregnant women were repatriated to Nepal in the last 20 months .
“ We have no control over our people going to India and getting Saudi visas , ” said Hamid Ansari , Nepal ’s ambassador to Saudi Arabia .
“ Once Saudi Arabia opens it embassy in Katmandu there would be no justification for people to go to India .
It would automatically stop all illegal activities . ”
May 26 , 2010 at 4:50 am
Older Posts
Square Enix has released the first trailer for Final Fantasy for the iPhone .
We reported in January that both Final Fantasy I and Final Fantasy II will be coming to the iPhone , though a specific date has not been announced .
The new video shows some gameplay from the games which are said to be available “ soon " .
But here 's the critical line :
You make him tell you what he knows so you can prevent new attacks .
That 's the line that defines torture .
If you can impose enough mental or physical pain or suffering to make someone tell you something you want to hear you have forced them to say something , true or false , to get the torture to stop .
The fact of the matter is : this is illegal under any rational understanding of domestic and international law .
In fact , domestic and international law mandates that governments do not even contemplate such measures , especially in extreme circumstances .
So National Review is urging law - breaking at the very highest levels of government .
They are urging an extra-legal , extra-constitutional apparatus to seize and torture terror suspects outside of ticking time bomb scenarios as a matter of first resort .
And yes , if they are advocating it against the pantie - bomber now , days after his capture , it is a first resort .
This is how far Cheney and the pro-torture camp have moved the debate , and why Obama 's calm attempt to overlook it is dangerous in the message it sends .
What the Cheneyites themselves once refused to do , with Reid , they are now demanding Obama do to the pantie - bomber .
The few remaining voices on the right with any qualms about routine torture of terror suspects make their case with almost pathetic resignation .
Glenn Reynolds seems to believe that openly exposing and opposing torture in a democracy is tantamount to endorsing and promoting it .
And that apparently is because it is more important to be appalled by the alleged " self - righteousness " and " self - glorification " of torture opponents than it is to be shocked at the notion of stripping a defenseless human being , freezing him to near hypothermia , shutting him in a tiny upright coffin , slamming him against walls , near - drowning him hundreds of times , subjecting him to sexual and religious abuse , hanging him from his joints and limbs in such a way as to create unbearable pain , tying him to a post in the freezing cold and repeatedly beating and hosing him with frigid water ( as was done under McChrystal 's command ) .
Yes , it 's a much more moral position to be pissed off by the alleged self - righteousness of Sullivan than to face and tackle and end illegal barbarism perpetrated by the government .
This is now the libertarian position as Reynolds understands it .
It 's a pathetic rationalization of his own capitulation to raw partisanship and unchecked authoritarianism .
Charles Krauthammer , the intellectual architect of the torture regime , and as morally responsible for the torture of others as any in the former administration , argues that by treating the pantie - bomber like the shoe bomber ,
we lose all access to any information which would save American lives .
All access to any information ?
He means that traditional and legal interrogation is useless ?
That only torture provides information ?
Below is the full list of the 82nd Annual Oscar Nominations , which were announced Tuesday morning :
Best Picture
“ Avatar ”
“ The Blind Side ”
“ District 9 ″
“ An Education ”
“ The Hurt Locker ”
“ Inglourious Basterds ”
“ Precious : Based on the Novel ‘ Push ’ by Sapphire ”
“ A Serious Man ”
“ Up ”
“ Up in the Air ”
Best Direction
“ Avatar ” — James Cameron
“ The Hurt Locker ” — Kathryn Bigelow
“ Inglourious Basterds ” — Quentin Tarantino
“ Precious : Based on the Novel ‘ Push ’ by Sapphire ” — Lee Daniels
“ Up in the Air ” — Jason Reitman
Actor in a Leading Role
Jeff Bridges in “ Crazy Heart ”
George Clooney in “ Up in the Air ”
Colin Firth in “ A Single Man ”
Morgan Freeman in “ Invictus ”
Jeremy Renner in “ The Hurt Locker ”
Actress in a Leading Role
Sandra Bullock in “ The Blind Side ”
Helen Mirren in “ The Last Station ”
Carey Mulligan in “ An Education ”
Gabourey Sidibe in “ Precious : Based on the Novel ‘ Push ’ by Sapphire ”
Meryl Streep in “ Julie & Julia ”
Actor in a Supporting Role
Matt Damon in “ Invictus ”
Woody Harrelson in “ The Messenger ”
Christopher Plummer in “ The Last Station ”
Stanley Tucci in “ The Lovely Bones ”
Christoph Waltz in “ Inglourious Basterds ”
Actress in a Supporting Role
Penélope Cruz in “ Nine ”
Vera Farmiga in “ Up in the Air ”
Maggie Gyllenhaal in “ Crazy Heart ”
Anna Kendrick in “ Up in the Air ”
Mo’Nique in “ Precious : Based on the Novel ‘ Push ’ by Sapphire ”
Writing ( Adapted Screenplay )
“ District 9 ” — Written by Neill Blomkamp and Terri Tatchell
“ An Education ” — Screenplay by Nick Hornby
“ In the Loop ” — Screenplay by Jesse Armstrong , Simon Blackwell , Armando Iannucci , Tony Roche
“ Precious : Based on the Novel ‘ Push ’ by Sapphire ” — Screenplay by Geoffrey Fletcher
“ Up in the Air ” — Screenplay by Jason Reitman and Sheldon Turner
Writing ( Original Screenplay )
“ The Hurt Locker ” — Written by Mark Boal
“ Inglourious Basterds ” — Written by Quentin Tarantino
“ The Messenger ” — Written by Alessandro Camon & Oren Moverman
“ A Serious Man ” — Written by Joel Coen & Ethan Coen
“ Up ” — Screenplay by Bob Peterson , Pete Docter , Story by Pete Docter , Bob Peterson , Tom McCarthy
Animated Feature Film
“ Coraline ”
“ Fantastic Mr. Fox ”
“ The Princess and the Frog ”
“ The Secret of Kells ”
“ Up ”
Art Direction
“ Avatar ” — Art Direction : Rick Carter and Robert Stromberg ; Set Decoration : Kim Sinclair
“ The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus ” — Art Direction : Dave Warren and Anastasia Masaro ; Set Decoration : Caroline Smith
“ Nine ” — Art Direction : John Myhre ; Set Decoration : Gordon Sim
“ Sherlock Holmes ” — Art Direction : Sarah Greenwood ; Set Decoration : Katie Spencer
“ The Young Victoria ” — Art Direction : Patrice Vermette ; Set Decoration : Maggie Gray
Cinematography
“ Avatar ” — Mauro Fiore
“ Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince ” — Bruno Delbonnel
“ The Hurt Locker ” — Barry Ackroyd
“ Inglourious Basterds ” — Robert Richardson
“ The White Ribbon ” — Christian Berger
Costume Design
“ Bright Star ” — Janet Patterson
“ Coco before Chanel ” — Catherine Leterrier
“ The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus ” — Monique Prudhomme
“ Nine ” — Colleen Atwood
“ The Young Victoria ” — Sandy Powell
Documentary ( Feature )
“ Burma VJ ”
“ The Cove ”
“ Food , Inc . ”
“ The Most Dangerous Man in America : Daniel Ellsberg and the Pentagon Papers ”
“ Which Way Home ”
Documentary ( Short Subject )
“ China ’s Unnatural Disaster : The Tears of Sichuan Province ”
“ The Last Campaign of Governor Booth Gardner ”
“ The Last Truck : Closing of a GM Plant ”
“ Music by Prudence ”
“ Rabbit à la Berlin ”
Film Editing
“ Avatar ” — Stephen Rivkin , John Refoua and James Cameron
“ District 9 ” — Julian Clarke
“ The Hurt Locker ” — Bob Murawski and Chris Innis
“ Inglourious Basterds ” — Sally Menke
“ Precious : Based on the Novel ‘ Push ’ by Sapphire ” — Joe Klotz
Foreign Language Film
“ Ajami ” — Israel
“ El Secreto de Sus Ojos ” — Argentina
“ The Milk of Sorrow ” — Peru
“ Un Prophète ” — France
“ The White Ribbon ” — Germany
Makeup
“ Il Divo ” — Aldo Signoretti and Vittorio Sodano
“ Star Trek ” — Barney Burman , Mindy Hall and Joel Harlow
“ The Young Victoria ” — Jon Henry Gordon and Jenny Shircore
Music ( Original Score )
“ Avatar ” — James Horner
“ Fantastic Mr. Fox ” — Alexandre Desplat
“ The Hurt Locker ” — Marco Beltrami and Buck Sanders
“ Sherlock Holmes ” — Hans Zimmer
“ Up ” — Michael Giacchino
Music ( Original Song )
“ Almost There ” from “ The Princess and the Frog ” Music and Lyric by Randy Newman
“ Down in New Orleans ” from “ The Princess and the Frog ” Music and Lyric by Randy Newman
“ Loin de Paname ” from “ Paris 36 ” Music by Reinhardt Wagner Lyric by Frank Thomas
“ Take It All ” from “ Nine ” Music and Lyric by Maury Yeston
“ The Weary Kind ( Theme from Crazy Heart ) ” from “ Crazy Heart ” Music and Lyric by Ryan Bingham and T Bone Burnett
Short Film ( Animated )
“ French Roast ” Fabrice O. Joubert
“ Granny O’Grimm ’s Sleeping Beauty ” Nicky Phelan and Darragh O’Connell
“ The Lady and the Reaper ( La Dama y la Muerte ) ” Javier Recio Gracia
“ Logorama ” Nicolas Schmerkin
“ A Matter of Loaf and Death ” Nick Park
Short Film ( Live Action )
“ The Door ” — Juanita Wilson and James Flynn
“ Instead of Abracadabra ” — Patrik Eklund and Mathias Fjellström
“ Kavi ” — Gregg Helvey
“ Miracle Fish ” — Luke Doolan and Drew Bailey
“ The New Tenants ” — Joachim Back and Tivi Magnusson
Sound Editing
“ Avatar ” — Christopher Boyes and Gwendolyn Yates Whittle
“ The Hurt Locker ” — Paul N. J. Ottosson
“ Inglourious Basterds ” — Wylie Stateman
“ Star Trek ” — Mark Stoeckinger and Alan Rankin
“ Up ” — Michael Silvers and Tom Myers
Sound Mixing
“ Avatar ” — Christopher Boyes , Gary Summers , Andy Nelson and Tony Johnson
“ The Hurt Locker ” — Paul N. J. Ottosson and Ray Beckett
“ Inglourious Basterds ” — Michael Minkler , Tony Lamberti and Mark Ulano
“ Star Trek ” — Anna Behlmer , Andy Nelson and Peter J. Devlin
“ Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen ” — Greg P. Russell , Gary Summers and Geoffrey Patterson
Visual Effects
“ Avatar ” — Joe Letteri , Stephen Rosenbaum , Richard Baneham and Andrew R. Jones
“ District 9 ” — Dan Kaufman , Peter Muyzers , Robert Habros and Matt Aitken
“ Star Trek ” — Roger Guyett , Russell Earl , Paul Kavanagh and Burt Dalton
Being a deejay was never really in my game plan , but when I was asked to launch BBC 6 Music and present the breakfast show , I thought I 'd give it a go .
The intention was to provide radio for the discerning music fan .
There would be a more alternative playlist , an element of free choice for presenters , as well as access to the BBC 's extraordinary archive of live and session performances recorded over the previous five decades .
I had the unique opportunity to play an eclectic range of artists , both new and old , unfettered by the formulaic constraints of a strictly chart - based playlist .
It was like being let loose in a sweet shop .
Having grown up listening to the gloriously slipshod and innovative John Peel , the idea of having that kind of show on during the day was what I had been waiting for as a listener .
Now I was getting the chance to present one !
One of the beauties of 6 Music from my point of view was how casual the approach to putting a show together was .
The play­list would be culled from an assortment of contemporary indie and alternative artists , as well as a wide selection of classic tracks .
At home the night before a show I would scan my CD racks and see where the mood took me .
I was allowed a generous three free choices per hour of the show .
These could be artists as diverse as Jimmy Smith , Serious Drinking , Pete Yorn , Billy Stewart , the Bonzo Dog Doo -Dah Band , Pharcyde , the Merseybeats , They Might Be Giants and Morgan Heritage .
But I 'd always fill my BBC programme box with enough music to fill up three shows just in case I changed my mind .
With the advent of new technology I could eventually choose anything from two weeks of stored music when I started taking my PowerBook in to work .
We also played two brand new artists on the show every day .
Even three years after leaving 6 Music , bands still come up and thank me for giving them their first national airplay .
I once bumped into one of my main competitors from commercial breakfast radio on a train .
As we chatted , I bemoaned the fact that we only got nine free choices per show .
He looked at me somewhat crestfallen and said " I get one … a week . "
It was almost like until 6 Music came along the BBC were saying .
" I 'm terribly sorry but if you like alternative music then you 'll just have to wait until 7 pm .
We 've got Westlife and Girls Aloud singles to play ! "
The station provided unique daytime programming for a huge section of licence payers who had previously been disenfranchised .
I loved the variety .
I loved hearing new stuff and old stuff that was new to me .
It was one of the best jobs I ever had , playing new sounds for a bright and interested audience .
My attitude to the job was always : " If they do n't like what 's on now , there 's something good on in a minute . "
The listeners were a vociferous bunch and were always venting their feelings or asking for willfully obscure tracks via email and text .
One particularly bilious section would always moan whenever we played hip - hop , saying that they " did n't want to listen to 1xtra " .
So we 'd always come out of the track and dedicate it to them and their " homies " .
One morning we were chatting about really long album tracks , which led to a text vote for whether or not to play Curtain Call by the Damned , in its full 18 minutes of overwrought , gothic glory .
Hundreds of people voted yes .
Of course , by the tenth minute of the song , most of them had changed their mind and were literally begging me to take it off , but there you go , democracy sucks .
One of the most positive and surprising reactions we got from the listeners was when one morning we had been told to play the new U2 single at 8 pm .
When we asked why we had to do this , our beaming controller said : " Because every radio station is ! "
Which was n't really a reason .
We started to play it and it was pretty much business as usual with the lads .
Chiming electric guitars and Bono upset about something .
After a minute I took it off , saying : " Right , I imagine it carries on like that , but if you want to hear the rest of it tune in to Terry Wogan .
I work for you lot , not U2's record company , and I 'm sure that Bono would fully support me in my stance against external oppression … these are the Futureheads . "
I braced myself for the deluge of emails .
After just two pissy emails from U2 fans , dozens said well done , because in their words " that 's what 6 Music is supposed to be about . "
As I listen to 6 Music today , I keep hearing tracks and thinking , where else would I hear this kind of radio during the day ?
The tragic answer to that question is nowhere .
The end of 6 Music at this moment in the BBC 's history is not only an act of cultural vandalism , it 's also an affront to the memory of John Peel and a slap in the face to thousands of licence - payers .
Laboratory study has revealed a variety of reinforcement schedules .
Puppy training has revealed that most of these are notorious ineffective , or impossible to administer in practice , with the notable exceptions of variable ratio and especially , differential reinforcement .
Yet educators and trainers persist in using these relatively ineffective schedules of reinforcement when trying to teach children and employees and when attempting to train husbands and dogs .
Wake up !
Puppy training has taught us that most of this stuff does n’t work too well .
Continuous Reinforcement ( CR ) — the dog is rewarded after every correct response , for example , the dog is rewarded after every sit
Ironically , continuous reinforcement is the biggest problem in reward - based education and training today .
The dog receives far too many rewards , usually food .
Certainly CR temporarily increases the frequency of behavior but CR is hopeless for maintaining the frequency and quality of behavior and CR is absolutely no good for improving the quality of behavior .
If you reward a dog for every correct response , approximately 50 % of the time you will reward the dog for above–average responses and 50 % of the time you will reward a dog for below average responses .
Consequently , the quality of the behavior will not improve .
It is simply too silly to reward a dog for below - average responses .
To make matters worse , consistent reinforcement often causes behavior to decrease in frequency and quality .
Since the dog knows that he will always be rewarded … eventually , there ’s no need to hurry and so , the dog eventually does it in his own way , in his own good time and his slow sloppy behavior gets rewarded .
Spoiled dog syndrome .
And it gets even worse .
Rewarding the dog for every correct response makes it very difficult to phase out food rewards in training and usually , response - reliability becomes dependent on the owner having food in their hand or on their person .
The dog may deign to work for you if he feels like it and if you have food , but the first time you do n’t come up with a food reward , he ’ll go on strike .
Basically , think food vending machine .
You only use it when you want to ( when you ’re hungry ) and if it fails to deliver food on a just a single occasion , you get mad at the machine and then never use it again .
NEVER use a continuous reinforcement schedule .
However , please do not confuse continuous reinforcement with the classical relationship between a secondary and primary reinforcer , e.g. , between a click and a treat .
If you click , you must always treat , however , you should progressively refine your criteria so that you click no more than 50 % of previously correct responses .
Also , you can never give a dog too much praise , too many hugs , or too many pieces of food when classically conditioning the dog to like people , especially children men and strangers and other dogs .
But you must kick this food habit if you would like to train dogs to respond reliably to verbal cues .
Fixed Duration Reinforcement ( FD ) — the dog is rewarded after a specific time , for example , after every five seconds of sit-stay ( FD5 )
FD is no good for improving the quality of performance .
In fact , FD produces marked inconsistencies in the quality of behavior — performance - quality tends drops off immediately after each reward .
Performance - quality progressively improves as each expected reward - time comes closer but immediately after the dog is rewarded , attention and quality of behavior decrease ( because the dog knows that the next reward is sometime in the future ) .
Fixed Ratio Reinforcement ( FR ) — the dog is rewarded after a specific number of responses , for example after every five sits ( FR5 )
Initially FR is very good at increasing the frequency of behavior .
However , performance - quality often takes a nose - dive and the dog rushes through repetitions to get another reward .
Also , if the ratio is stretched too much and too many responses are required for a single reward , the dog may slow down after being rewarded .
If the ratio is stretched even more , the dog may give up altogether .
Fixed schedules are pretty hopeless in dog training .
Fixed schedules are pretty useless for reliably increasing the frequency or duration of behavior and they do nothing to increase quality .
Fixed schedules do nothing to specifically instruct the dog how to do better and they do not reinforce the dog for improving the quality of behavior .
Performance - quality become inconsistent and usually decreases over time .
I would never use any fixed schedule of reinforcement to train a puppy .
However , amazingly , the entire world ’s work force is maintained on fixed schedules — FD Pay Day and FR Piece Rate .
You simply cannot motivate people on an FD schedule .
The reward ( pay day or year - end bonus ) is now expected .
Quality of performance may improve as pay day or the year - end bonus approaches but you ’ll still get Monday - morning mourning and January - blahs .
Similarly , FR Piece Rate may increase speed of production but usually quality control takes a beating as workers rush to meet their quota .
And of cause , the workers will strike if ever the quota is too much to ask for limited pay .
Fixed schedules are no way to motivate and reinforce puppies , or the world ’s work force .
Variable Duration Reinforcement ( VD ) — the dog is rewarded after unpredictable length durations , for example , for a VD5 , the dog is rewarded after varying durations of sit - stay that average out to be five seconds .
Variable duration reinforcement is really good at getting dogs to perform for increasing lengths of time and preparing them to work without the prospect of reinforcement .
VR makes it much easier to phase out training rewards .
Since the reward - time is unpredictable , the dog ’s behavior does not drop off immediately after each reward because the next one could be just one second later .
However , few people could calculate the ratio and train the dog at the same time .
For example , to reinforce a dog ’s sit -stay using a VD5 , we would have to reward the dog after 5 , 1 , 7 , 2 , 6 , 5 , 9 , 3 , 4 , and 8 seconds , for example .
I can do this in my head because I am good at mental arithmetic .
But what ’s the point ?
Dog training should n’t comprise a mathematics test .
Dog training should be relaxing and enjoyable .
Much easier would be a Random Duration Reinforcement schedule .
Just reward your dog after random lengths of sit-stay and progressively increase the average duration over time .
Ahh !
Now we ’re getting there .
We are going to rapidly increase the duration of stays and gradually phase out food rewards at the same time .
Also , the dog will give you more attention .
But … variable duration reinforcement does not the quality of performance .
Variable Ratio Reinforcement ( VR ) — the dog is rewarded after an unpredictable number of responses , for example , for a VR10 , the dog is rewarded after varying numbers of sits that average out to be ten sits per reward .
VR reinforcement is wonderful for maintaining high frequencies of behavior for longer and longer durations and for fewer and fewer rewards .
VR makes it much easier to phase out food rewards because the dog gets used to working for an increasing number of repetitions without reward .
Think slot machine .
What do you do when it has n’t paid out on your last seven dollars ?
You take your eighth dollar and rub it and kiss it because you ’re absolutely certain that this is the one .
And then after three more dollars without a payout , you get five dollars back and the machine has you hooked .
Of course , we have the same problem as with all variable schedules that few human brains could calculate the schedule and train the dog ant the same time .
But you know what ?
A Random Ratio schedule is just as good .
Just reward recalls and sits at random and your dog is going to keep coming and sitting forever .
I just love the concept of random reinforcement — the notion that we can be utterly random , consistently inconsistent , a total ditz even , yet still maintain motivated levels of high frequency responding in our dogs .
Love it .
However , VR does not improve the quality of performance because you are still reinforcing as many below average responses as above average responses .
Differential Reinforcement ( DR ) — the dog is given different valued rewards that reflect the quality of the performance , for example , only reward the dog for above - average responses , give better rewards for better responses and give the best rewards for the best responses .
Years ago , I picked up my son from Montessori school and he showed me his previous night ’s homework with glee — a gold star .
I was furious .
I explained to the teacher that the homework was rubbish and that it did n’t deserve a gold star , or a silver star , or a bronze star , or an oblong , or a triangle , or any geometric shape of any color .
The homework deserved a massive red “ F ” . I wanted the grade to reflect the quality of the work .
I wanted Jamie to realize that stellar homework was worth a gold star , but rubbish homework was barely worth the ink in the ” F ” .
Right from the outset — the puppy ’s very first lesson — differential reinforcement is the only way to go to continually and progressively increase the reliability , frequency , panache and pizzazz of performance .
Basically , the value of the reward varies according to the quantitative and qualitative aspects of performance .
As a guideline , never reward a dog for more than 50 % of correct responses .
Approximately 50 % of responses will be below average and there is absolutely no pint in rewarding the dog for those and less you want his behavior to worsen .
For example , time a dog doing ten recalls and then work out his average recall time .
Then only reward your dog for faster - than - average recalls .
Recalculate his average after every ten recalls and you will find it is steadily improving as training proceeds .
For every ten recalls , you will find than five or six are faster than average .
( Because of the long tail of misbehavior — a single lengthy recall considerably biases the average . )
To hear more of Dr. Dunbar 's views and insights see him live at one of his upcoming seminars .
How Wise Is Repugnance ?
By Bryan Caplan
I finally read that instant classic of bioethics , Leon Kass ’ “ The Wisdom of Repugnance . ”
While its proximate goal is to urge a ban on human cloning , Kass advances a much more general ethical position :
[ R]epugnance is the emotional expression of deep wisdom , beyond reason ’s power fully
to articulate it .
Can anyone really give an argument fully adequate to the horror
which is father - daughter incest ( even with consent ) , or having sex with animals ,
or mutilating a corpse , or eating human flesh , or even just ( just ! ) raping or
murdering another human being ?
Would anybody ’s failure to give full rational justification
for his or her revulsion at these practices make that revulsion ethically suspect ?
Given my ethical intuitionism and my view that moral theories should begin with simple concrete cases , you would think that I would have to grant his point .
I do not .
Our two positions are actually quite different .
I think people should calm down and think rationally about ethical questions .
Kass almost seems to think that people do their best moralizing when they ’re overcome with emotion .
Listen to him try to angry up his readers ’ blood :
People are repelled by many aspects of human
cloning .
They recoil from the prospect of mass production of human beings , with
large clones of look - alikes , compromised in their individuality ; the idea of father - son
or mother - daughter twins ; the bizarre prospects of a woman giving birth to and
rearing a genetic copy of herself , her spouse or even her deceased father or mother ;
the grotesqueness of conceiving a child as an exact replacement for another who
has died ; the utilitarian creation of embryonic genetic duplicates of oneself ,
to be frozen away or created when necessary , in case of need for homologous tissues
or organs for transplantation ; the narcissism of those who would clone themselves
and the arrogance of others who think they know who deserves to be cloned or which
genotype any child - to - be should be thrilled to receive ; the Frankensteinian hubris
to create human life and increasingly to control its destiny ; man playing God .
But the most amazing sentence in Kass ’ whole piece almost flies under radar :
Revulsion
is not an argument ; and some of yesterday ’s repugnances are today calmly accepted
— though , one must add , not always for the better .
It ’s quite an admission .
Even if his last clause is dramatic understatement , Kass still acknowledges that calm acceptance of yesterday ’s repugnances is sometimes for the better .
And on reflection , that list is very long : vaccination , girls , dissection , religious toleration , kissing , C- sections , inter- racial marriage , paying for parking , colonoscopies , amputation of gangrenous tissue ( double yuck ) , sex , Indian food , male nurses …
Some of these continue to disgust me – I feel faint if I even look at a syringe .
Still , if I think I need a shot , I try to calm down and do what I think – not feel – is the right thing .
My point is not that repugnance is less than 100 % reliable .
100 % reliability is a silly standard .
My point is that repugnance is habitually unreliable .
In any case , there are several useful ways to test the wisdom of repugnance .
Under what conditions do we justifiably discount repugnance ?
For starters :
1 . When the repugnant thing is unfamiliar .
In retrospect , new things often seem repugnant merely because we have n’t experienced them before .
When a hero kisses a heroine in a movie , my sons flee in horror .
Once they have personal experience , I predict their views will change .
2 . When a repugnant thing involves bodily fluids and the inner workings of the human body .
There ’s no way around it – dissection is gross .
Fortunately , some people are rational enough to overcome their natural disgust , secure in the knowledge that ( a ) the dead feel no pain , and ( b ) they might learn how to help the living .
3 . When other people encourage our repugnance .
If a classroom full of kids see you eat a chocolate - covered bug , they ’ll all go , “ Eeew ! ” in unison .
They ’d probably be less judgmental one - on - one .
4 . When we easily get used to it .
While deliberate exposure tends to reduce our negative emotions about almost anything , we get used to some things much more quickly than others .
Why ?
Because we often learn that , all things considered , it is n’t nearly as bad as we imagined .
Think about how completely we ’ve adjusted to widespread in vitro fertilization .
It ’s a repugnant procedure to describe , but when you see happy parents holding their “ test - tube baby , ” the folly our initial repugnance is plain .
Compared to the great good of life , a little yuckiness is nothing .
Frankly , I do n’t see how Kass could deny my points .
He almost surely agrees that mankind has repeatedly done the right thing by putting repugnance aside .
I ’m equally sure , though , that he ’d insist that we should stick with our gut reaction to human cloning .
Yet notice : Human cloning fits all four criteria for when we should discount our repugnance !
It ’s totally unfamiliar ; it involves bodily fluids and the inner workings of the human body ; other people ( like Kass himself ) encourage our repugnance ; and it ’s pretty obvious that if clones walked among us , we would get used to them lickety - split .
If Kass himself met a clone , I doubt he ’d tell him , “ You should never have come into existence . ”
And before long , he probably would n’t even say such things to himself .
Patient Accuses Therapist of Dating His Wife While Treating Him for Divorce - Related Depression Dr. Harvey Rosenberg treated Steven Kay for depression for eight years .
Feb. 17 , 2010  -- Steven Kay trusted his therapist with his most intimate thoughts , fears and secrets .
Kay says when his wife , Laurie , started saying she wanted a divorce in 2001 , he turned to Dr. Harvey Rosenberg for help .
Rosenberg presided over Kay 's couples therapy .
And when Kay attempted suicide later that year , Rosenberg was the one to help him through his recovery .
What Kay says he did n't know until after nearly eight years of therapy was that Rosenberg had begun dating Kay 's ex-wife while treating Kay for his depression at the same time .
Now Kay is suing , accusing Rosenberg of " medical negligence " and for breach of the " applicable standard of psychiatric care , " according to court documents filed in Michigan 's Oakland County Circuit Court late last month .
In a interview with ABCNews.com , Kay , 62 , said that the ordeal left him distraught , and that he hopes the suit will " hold [ Rosenberg ] accountable . "
" I was absolutely devastated , " said Kay .
" It was the worst betrayal I 've ever experienced in my life . "
" I was very much in love with [ Laurie ] , and I knew at some point she'd be dating another man , " said Kay of his now ex-wife .
" But never , in my wildest dreams , did I ever think it would be [ Rosenberg ] . "
According to the lawsuit , Kay spent upward of $ 87,000 for treatment with Rosenberg over the eight years , including couples therapy and family therapy that included his son .
Kay wants that money back , as well as attorney fees and " adequate compensation for all damages sustained , " according to the documents .
Repeated calls made to Rosenberg 's Farmington Hills , Mich. , practice were not returned , nor were calls made and e-mails sent to his lawyer , Stephen McGraw .
A message left for what is believed to be Laurie 's cell phone was not returned either .
In the lawsuit , Kay said that Rosenberg , when confronted about his relationship with Laurie , admitted it and apologized .
Rosenberg has a month from the date the complaint was filed to file a response to the allegations , and has not yet done so .
" Dr. Rosenberg apologized for hurting Mr. Kay and admitted that his actions were wrong , " read the court documents .
" He told Mr. Kay that he was in a loveless marriage , that his time was limited due to lung cancer , and that he wanted to experience happiness . "
Rosenberg added that he would no longer treat Kay as a patient , according to the court documents .
Kay Says He Told Rosenberg He Was Still In Love With Laurie
Exactly how long Rosenberg and Laurie were allegedly dating while Kay was still in treatment is not established in the court documents , said Kay 's lawyer , Stuart Feldheim , who said an accurate timeline is one of many details that will likely come out during the discovery process of the trial .
" I have asked [ Rosenberg ] to tell me the date , the month and the year where the contact with Kay 's ex-wife first occurred in his opinion , and that you believed you had a duty to terminate the physician - patient treatment , " said Feldheim .
What the court document does detail is just how much Rosenberg counted on Kay over the years , said Feldheim .
He described Kay as " destroyed " after learning that his ex-wife was dating his therapist .
The court documents allege that Rosenberg , after encouraging couples therapy during which Laurie and Kay would visit his office , " advised " Kay to accept the divorce with his wife and to agree to a divorce settlement " that was contrary to recommendations of Kay 's own attorney . "
Rosenberg also allegedly referred Laurie to her own attorney , and the divorce was finalized in January 2006 .
Kay Argues That Rosenberg Should Have ' Refrained ' From Dating His Ex
Kay says he kept seeing Rosenberg , growing " more depressed " and having difficulty " functioning . "
According to the court documents , Kay told Rosenberg that he " obsessed over Laurie " and worried that he " would never be happy again . "
Three years after the divorce , Kay says he told Rosenberg that he had gone on a cruise with a woman who he had been dating , but upon returning , told the therapist that he was n't sure if the relationship would work because he " was still in love with Laurie and could not stop thinking about her . "
A few months later , Kay alleges he received a phone call from Laurie telling him that she and Rosenberg were dating .
Laurie told Kay , " I can have anybody I want , " and added that she wanted him to hear it from her rather than from someone else , according to the court documents .
Kay alleged in the court documents that Rosenberg should have " refrained " from acting on his feelings with Laurie and that , at the very least , he should have waited to become involved with Laurie until after he had stopped treating Kay .
" It 's the core of what psychiatric therapy is , your ability to trust your therapist and think that it is the one place in the world where you can tell someone everything and be very vulnerable , " said Feldheim .
" Then to find out you 're crying your heart out to that guy about how much you love your ex-wife and find out there 's something going on between them , " Feldheim said .
" It destroyed him . "
Dear Senator Reid :
We write to thank you again for your leadership in the Senate health reform deliberations .
We greatly appreciate the important elements of fiscal sustainability that are included in the Manager ’s Amendment .
Among the features that we believe to be critical to a fiscally responsible approach to health reform is a more effective independent Medicare advisory body .
The Manager ’s Amendment has strengthened the role of the body , now called the Independent Payment Advisory Board .
The Amendment gives the Board the authority to produce annual reports beginning in 2014 and to report on privately financed medical care as well as care financed by Medicare .
In addition , its recommendations will receive fast - track consideration under a broader set of circumstances than under the Senate Leadership Bill .
These are important steps toward assuring that health care reform will significantly reduce health care inflation in both the public and private sectors .
Another feature that has been strengthened is the commitment to delivery system change .
The Manager ’s Amendment contains several provisions that should stimulate the development of innovative approaches to payment for care .
These approaches hold the promise of improving quality and lowering the costs of care .
Specifically , the Manager ’s Amendment includes an expansion of Medicare pilot programs and provisions for bundled payments for a larger set of conditions .
These aspects of the proposed legislation make it far more likely that health care providers will have the tools and incentives to deliver better health outcomes .
As a nation , we will need to do more in the coming decade to promote the efficiency and quality of health care .
The Manager ’s Amendment includes important features that will move our nation ’s health care forward while helping to control health expenditure growth .
We are grateful for your ongoing efforts and the improvements in the Manager ’s amendment .
We urge expeditious enactment of your reform legislation .
Sincerely yours ,
Dr. Henry Aaron , The Brookings Institution
Dr. Stuart Altman , Brandeis University
Dr. Kenneth Arrow , Stanford University , Nobel Laureate in Economics
Dr. Gary Burtless , The Brookings Institution
Dr. David Cutler , Harvard University
Dr. Patricia Danzon , University of Pennsylvania
Dr. Angus Deaton , Princeton University
Dr. Brad DeLong , University of California , Berkeley
Dr. Peter Diamond , Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Dr. Victor Fuchs , Stanford University
Dr. Alan M. Garber , Stanford University
Dr. Dana Goldman , University of Southern California
Dr. Jonathan Gruber , Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Dr. Daniel McFadden , University of California , Berkeley , Nobel Laureate in Economics
Dr. David Meltzer , University of Chicago
Dr. Joseph Newhouse , Harvard University
Dr. Uwe Reinhardt , Princeton University
Dr. Alice Rivlin , The Brookings Institution
Dr. Meredith Rosenthal , Harvard University
Dr. Isabel Sawhill , The Brookings Institution
Dr. William Sharpe , Stanford University , Nobel Laureate in Economics
Dr. John Shoven , Stanford University
Dr. Robert M. Solow , Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Nobel Laureate in Economics
Dr. Laura D’Andrea Tyson , University of California , Berkeley
Taipei , Taiwan
Reading The Herald Tribune over breakfast in Hong Kong harbor last week , my eye went to the front - page story about how James Chanos  reportedly one of America ’s most successful short - sellers , the man who bet that Enron was a fraud and made a fortune when that proved true and its stock collapsed  is now warning that China is “ Dubai times 1,000  or worse ” and looking for ways to short that country ’s economy before its bubbles burst .
China ’s markets may be full of bubbles ripe for a short - seller , and if Mr. Chanos can find a way to make money shorting them , God bless him .
But after visiting Hong Kong and Taiwan this past week and talking to many people who work and invest their own money in China , I ’d offer Mr. Chanos two notes of caution .
First , a simple rule of investing that has always served me well :
Never short a country with $ 2 trillion in foreign currency reserves .
Second , it is easy to look at China today and see its enormous problems and things that it is not getting right .
For instance , low interest rates , easy credit , an undervalued currency and hot money flowing in from abroad have led to what the Chinese government Sunday called “ excessively rising house prices ” in major cities , or what some might call a speculative bubble ripe for the shorting .
In the last few days , though , China ’s central bank has started edging up interest rates and raising the proportion of deposits that banks must set aside as reserves  precisely to head off inflation and take some air out of any asset bubbles .
Yesterday we woke up in a world where the beta for StarCraft 2 had n't been released yet , and we went to sleep in a world where about 1,700 people were playing it .
Those are n't tremendously good odds for getting into the beta , but we can only hope more players will be added as things move along .
Blizzard was kind enough to give us a few beta keys to try the beta internally , and sadly we found that you can't play with friends across oceans —
Peter Bright and I were unable to play a game together due to his location in the UK .
Alas .
We did stay up all night playing the game though , and almost as impressive as the game was the experience of using the new and improved Battle .
net .
The service is polished and easy to use , even in the beta .
If this is the new home of Blizzard games , we want to move in .
So what are some things to do in the beta ?
Come with us and take a look at how we spent last night .
Take a look around the new Battle .
Net
This is going to be your home for the next decade or so if you 're a Blizzard fan , and the good news is that this thing is slamming .
The interface is simple to use , the social aspects tie into the game , and everything feels zippy and smooth .
When you chat with a friend , the window can be moved anywhere on screen ; you can check your friend 's profiles to see their win-loss record and recent games , and everything is placed exactly where it needs to be .
If you 're lucky enough to have wrangled a beta invite , spend some time just getting used to the new digs .
Blizzard has put together something very special .
Jack your resolution
There is nothing like running a real - time strategy game at 1920 by 1200 .
Now , upping your resolution simply adds sharpness to the screen , it does n't look like you 'll be able to see more of the map with a big screen at higher resolutions .
I 'm playing on a 24.5 " monitor and at first it was frustrating to see how zoomed in the view was , but we have to be fair for competitive reasons .
Still , it looks nice .
You can adjust the texture quality and the reflections , and the unit portraits can be in 3D or 2D .
You can adjust the sounds so that the interface noises can't be heard over the ambient sounds or the sound effects .
You can set your voice chat to voice - activated or push - to - talk , and your mouse options are completely configurable .
Whether you have a high end or mid-range system , you 'll be able to get this game running decently , and the list of adjustments and possible tweaks is impressive .
This kind of customization should be standard for PC titles , but sadly , it 's not .
Seeing a game that 's clearly built from the ground up for PC gamers , with all that entails , is refreshing .
Learn from your enemies
Your matches are saved as replays in Battle .net , so you can go back and take notes on exactly what went right and what went wrong .
You can watch the game from your perspective or from your enemy 's , and you can pause , fast - forward and rewind .
It 's all very easy to use .
The ability to zoom into the fight also allows you to enjoy all the eye - candy without worrying about messing up your game .
After losing , which is happening frequently to me right now , it 's great to go back and see exactly what my opponents did .
How quickly did they explore ?
Where did they send scouts ?
What 's their build order ?
Knowledge is going to be viral in StarCraft 2 , with every move you make becoming an open book after each match .
This may annoy those who like to keep their strategies secret , but for those of us who are n't as skilled at real - time strategy games , every match is going to be like going to school .
Your replays can be accessed by hitting the camera icon in the upper right portion of the screen , and they 're arranged by type of game or just in chronological order .
You can save or delete them at will , or organize them into folders .
It 's simple , and makes learning the game a snap .
How Costco Primes Us To Spend More Money …
You do n’t need me to tell you that it ’s really hard to save money at Costco .
And , I ’m not talking about saving money on the price - per - pound for ground beef , or the cheaper price - per- ounce of Jiffy Peanut Butter .
On those things yes , you ’re saving money compared to buying at the grocery store .
What I ’m talking about is the Ralph Lauren swimsuits .
The super massaging leather easy chair and ottoman .
The flat screen tvs .
The Gucci handbags , and the expansive DVD section .
There is a big reason why Costco stocks these things instead of just food .
And , it ’s because we buy them .
Big time .
I recently finished reading the book , How We Decide , by Jonah Lehrer .
And , it ’s an incredibly fascinating look at how , exactly , we go about making decisions .
This post is n’t a review of that book ( which was amazing ) .
It ’s a post inspired by one section of the book , on how stores prime our brains to spend more money .
All research for this post comes from author Jonah Lehrer , and is fully credited to him .
A Quick Look At Our Decision - Making Process
Think about your last trip to the grocery store .
Specifically , the cereal aisle .
If you were alone , with time to choose the cereal you wanted , your thoughts might have gone something like this :
“ Wow , that Bare Naked Granola cereal looks really good and healthy .
Oh , but it ’s $ 5 .
Too expensive .
But that box of Frosted Flakes would be tasty .
Oh , but that ’s got way too much sugar .
I need to eat more fiber anyway .
Maybe Raison Bran ?
Oh , but that cereal ’s gross .
Maybe Fiber One . It ’s $ 4 ?
Crikey .
Maybe there is a store brand that ’s tasty … ”
And on and on .
All these thoughts probably took no more than two seconds .
Walking down the cereal aisle is just like having one long arguement with yourself .
What Lehrer points out , and what we do n’t realize , is that all of these arguments trigger a specific set of emotions and associations ( page 199 ) .
Sure , we want those Frosted Flakes .
That wanting is a very strong emotion .
But , we know we need to eat more fiber because it ’s good for us .
This thought has less wanting , but more obligation , so it triggers a weaker emotion .
But coupled with a lower price , and our desire for saving money ( which is still a weaker emotion than our wanting of the Frosted Flakes ) , we might end up buying the fiber cereal .
Most of the time our decisions are not based on logic , even though we think they are .
They ’re based on emotion .
Our Brain ’s Reaction To Shopping
Now , think about how you feel when you find something fabulous in the store .
You get excited , right ?
Your breathing may quicken , your heart starts to pound , and you reach out to just touch it .
When we see something we want to buy , our brain is instantly activated .
Know what it does ?
Our nucleus accumbens ( NAcc ) , which is the pleasure center of the brain , releases the hormone dopamine , which is the precursor of adrenaline .
Dopamine is very , very powerful .
Scientists James Olds and Peter Milner discovered that when rats are overstimulated with dopamine release , they ’ll literally die of pleasure ( pg. 35 ) .
So , the stronger we want something the stronger our NAcc activation , and the more dopamine is released .
Knowing this , scientists can literally tell if we ’re going to buy an item before we even know it .
It happens that fast .
How Stores Prime Us To Spend More
Let ’s go back to Costco .
You know what you see when you walk through the door of every Costco store ?
You see all those huge , gleaming flat screen tvs .
Who would n’t love a big flat screen ?
We see these things and guess what happens ?
Our NAcc kicks in , and dopamine is released .
But , we may not have $ 1,200 to drop on a new Sony .
So we walk on .
Then , we pass the jewelry counter .
And the designer handbags .
And the DeWalt tools .
And the leather easy chairs .
With each look , our NAcc is being prodded , and the dopamine is flowing good .
We want that .
And that .
And that .
We get into a state of wanting .
All this is doing is conditioning us to crave a reward .
What ’s key to understand about all this is that we may not buy a $ 1,200 flat screen that day .
Or that $ 800 easy chair .
Or that $ 300 hand bag .
But our brains have been incredibly stimulated by now to want a reward .
So , we ’ll probably buy that $ 12 box of cookies .
And maybe that beautiful $ 20 hyacinth bush for the front porch .
And , what the heck , that $ 30 jacket .
After all , we think , $ 62 is way less than those other things , right ?
And besides , we deserve a treat .
And the House Wins …
By strategically placing those tvs and handbags and diamond rings in high - traffic areas , Costco just got an extra $ 62 out of us .
Just by stimulating our dopamine production .
Yowza .
Knowledge Is Power …
So , what do we do with this information ?
Well , I ’m one of those “ knowledge is power ” kind of girls .
I really think that knowing what is going on in our brains can help us take a step back and analyze what we ’re doing .
Walking into Costco , or any retail store , is always going to be fraught with dopamine production , which means our wallets are threatened .
But knowing that stores are deliberately priming you to buy a reward for yourself , even if it ’s just a little one , can help you stick to your list and walk away with a bit more money in your pocket .
My Thanks …
My thanks go out to Jonah Lehrer for writing How We Decide .
It ’s an incredible book , and if you ’re at all interested in learning how your brain works , how you make decisions , and how you can start making better ones , then pick this book up .
Lehrer ’s writing style is interesting and fast - paced , and you wo n’t want to put the book down once you start it .
And , his picture on the back dust jacket is completely worth the price of the book .
Republishing Policy :
Like this post ?
Great !
You ’re welcome to reprint anything that ’s posted on TheGreenestDollar.com , as long as you link back to the original article .
Please see my Republishing Policy for more information .
Orwellian doublethink is no less frightening when it ’s Obamian doublethink
George Orwell defined doublethink as “ the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one ’s mind simultaneously , and accepting both of them . ”
President Obama ’s 2010 State of the Union address showed that doublethink did n’t die in 1984 .
Credit Reason.tv with the brilliant editing .
Authorities ’ claim that virtual strip search pictures immediately destroyed proven fraudulent – use of devices needs to be halted now
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , February 9 , 2010
UPDATE : Scannergate : Facts Contradict Heathrow Claim That Naked Images Can’t Be Printed
Claims on behalf of authorities that naked body scanner images are immediately destroyed after passengers pass through new x-ray backscatter devices have been proven fraudulent after it was revealed that naked images of Indian film star Shahrukh Khan were printed out and circulated by airport staff at Heathrow in London .
UK Transport Secretary Lord Adonis said last week that the images produced by the scanners were deleted “ immediately ” and airport staff carrying out the procedure are fully trained and supervised .
“ It is very important to stress that the images which are captured by body scanners are immediately deleted after the passenger has gone through the body scanner , ” Adonis told the London Evening Standard .
Adonis was forced to address privacy concerns following reports that the images produced by the scanners broke child pornography laws in the UK .
When the scanners were first introduced , it was also speculated that images of famous people would be ripe for abuse as the pictures produced by the devices make genitals “ eerily visible ” according to journalists who have investigated trials of the technology .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
However , the Transport Secretary ’s assurances were demolished after it was revealed on the BBC ’s Jonathan Ross show Friday that Indian actor Shahrukh Khan had passed through a body scan and later had the image of his naked body printed out and circulated by Heathrow security staff .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ I was in London recently going through the airport and these new machines have come up , the body scans .
You ’ve got to see them .
It makes you embarrassed – if you ’re not well endowed , ” said Khan , referring to how the scans produce clear images of a person ’s genitals .
“ You walk into the machine and everything – the whole outline of your body – comes out , ” he said .
“ I was a little scared .
Something happens [ inside the scans ] , and I came out .
Then I saw these girls – they had these printouts .
I looked at them .
I thought they were some forms you had to fill .
I said ‘ give them to me ’ – and you could see everything inside .
So I autographed them for them , ” stated Khan .
The story was carried by Yahoo News under the headline “ Shah Rukh signs off sexy body - scan printouts at Heathrow ” .
Khan ’s reference to “ girls ” with printouts of his naked body scan can only refer to female airport security staff responsible for processing the images produced by the scanners , “ professionals ” who are supposed to instantly delete the images , according to Lord Adonis .
The revelation that airport security staff are completely abusing any notion of the professionalism promised by authorities by printing out and circulating images of naked body scans should set alarm bells ringing , especially in light of the fact that such images of minors break child pornography laws .
British authorities have made it mandatory for travelers to submit to the naked body scanners when asked and have overturned previous rules that prevented under 18 ’s from passing through the devices .
Within days of the devices being introduced at Heathrow , staff have abused their professionalism and printed out naked scans of a famous actor for their own titillation .
We were promised all along that the body scanners “ increased privacy ” because they were only accessible to a single staff member who had no personal contact with the passenger taking the scan , in addition to the assurance that the images could not be saved and were instantly deleted .
It in fact turns out that airport staff have been saving , printing and circulating naked body scans in complete violation of these supposed guarantees .
Furthermore , we were told that the identity of the person undergoing the virtual strip search would also be kept private .
The fact that Heathrow employees must have known that the actor was about to take the body scan in order to print out copies of the image also proves this claim to be a total fallacy .
The abuse of the naked body scan images in this instance is a total violation of every data protection law in the UK .
Far from treating the story in a comical manner , Khan should be filing a very expensive lawsuit and preparing for a successful and lucrative outcome .
In the meantime , the revelation that the naked body scanner images are being freely printed out and circulated by airport security staff should prove to be the death knell for plans on behalf of governments worldwide to institute the scanners on a widespread basis .
Courts have consistently found that strip searches are only legal when performed on a person who has already been found guilty of a crime or on arrestees pending trial where a reasonable suspicion has to exist that they are carrying a weapon .
Subjecting masses of people to blanket strip searches in airports reverses the very notion of innocent until proven guilty .
Barring people from flying and essentially treating them like terrorists for refusing to be humiliated by the virtual strip search is a clear breach of the basic human right of freedom of movement .
Security experts agree that such scanners would not even have stopped the incident that has been exploited to justify their widespread introduction – the Christmas Day underwear bomber .
Not only have the scanners proven to be a total violation of privacy , but major international radiation safety groups are now warning of the health risks they pose .
Despite governments claiming that backscatter x-ray systems produce radiation too low to pose a threat , the Inter - Agency Committee on Radiation Safety concluded in their report that governments must justify the use of the scanners and that a more accurate assessment of the health risks is needed .
Pregnant women and children should not be subject to scanning , according to the report , adding that governments should consider “ other techniques to achieve the same end without the use of ionizing radiation . ”
“ The Committee cited the IAEA ’s 1996 Basic Safety Standards agreement , drafted over three decades , that protects people from radiation .
Frequent exposure to low doses of radiation can lead to cancer and birth defects , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , ” reported Bloomberg .
— — — — — — — — — — — —— —— ——
LISTEN LIVE to The Alex Jones Show – CLICK HERE
This article was posted : Tuesday , February 9 , 2010 at 7:58 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Reddit , this sucks !
I got 4 paperclips for Christmas ...
Edit :
So the paperclips were red and green !
My cat almost vomited from the excess of holiday cheer .
Also there was a color print - out of the " Science Santa " ( google it ) .
In any case , I used the info I got from the envelope ( San Jose Ca , first three numbers of the zip are 950 ) .
There are totally 3 zipcodes belonging to San Jose with these first three numbers , of which 1 contains no redditors ( I used the statistics map ) .
The other 2 contain a total of 5 redditors .
Assuming no person living in a big house would send paper - clips , that leaves three redditors who live in apartment complexes ...
Not sure where to go from here .
muahaha ?
Anyways here 's the pic of the envelope , I do n't feel like digging the paperclips out of trash .
EDIT 2 : So it seems that with the aid of our helpers , myself and the SS came to an arrangement … he will attempt to woe me once more since there was no second part of the present intended although the santa printout was supposed to be a joke of some sort …
In any case , I hope that all of you are packing a metric ton of awesomeness into your gifts and by the end of this no one will be on any wall .
So yeah … respect the authoritae !
Note to Technate : Secret Santa did not force anyone to sign up for gift giving .
Therefore the people who wanted to sign up , should have put in some sizable amount of effort .
And even though gift - judging is very much out of place , especially on Christmas , I 'm pretty sure that if someone delivered a flaming pile of poop to your doorstep on the 25th , you would not be a happy camper criticizing the kickme establishment .
yours truly
Siva and I were pairing on a unit - test that involved writing something to HBase .
When Siva said that mocking the call to the save - to - hbase function would make testing easier ( a simple thing using JMock , he said ) , I decided to write a quick mocking utility for Clojure .
Then later , we realized that we wanted to go one step further .
The row - id that was used as the key to the object in HBase was generated using system - time .
That meant that even if we wanted to confirm that the object was indeed saved , we had no way of knowing what the row - id was .
One solution to such a problem is to inject the row - id in ( instead of being tightly coupled to the function that generated the row - id ) .
Instead , I wrote a stubbing utility that makes this arbitrarily easy to do .
So here they are – mocking and stubbing – packaged up as the conjure project on github .
The set up
Imagine we had the following functions –
( defn xx [ a b ] 10 ) ( defn yy [ z ] 20 ) ( defn fn-under - test [ ] ( xx 1 2 ) ( yy " blah " ) ) ( defn another - fn - under - test [ ] (+ ( xx nil nil ) ( yy nil ) ) )
Also imagine that we had to test fn-under - test and another - fn - under - test , and we did n’t want to have to deal with the xx or yy functions .
Maybe they ’re horrible functions that open connections to computers running Windoze or something , I dunno .
Mocking
Here ’s how we might mock them out –
( deftest test - basic - mocking ( mocking [ xx yy ] ( fn-under - test ) ) ( verify - call - times - for xx 1 ) ( verify - call - times - for yy 1 ) ( verify - first - call - args - for xx 1 2 ) ( verify - first - call - args - for yy " blah " ) )
Pretty straightforward , eh ?
You just use the mocking macro , specifying all the functions that need to be mocked out .
Then , within the scope of mocking , you call your functions that need to be tested .
The calls to the specified functions will get mocked out ( they wo n’t occur ) , and you can then use things like verify - call - times - for and verify - first - call - args - for to ensure things worked as expected .
Stubbing
As mentioned in the intro to this post , sometimes your tests need to specify values to be returned by the functions being mocked out .
That ’s where stubbing comes in .
Here ’s how it works –
( deftest test - basic - stubbing ( is (= ( another - fn- under - test ) 30 ) ) ( stubbing [ xx 1 yy 2 ] ( is ( = ( another - fn- under - test ) 3 ) ) ) )
So that ’s it !
Pretty simple .
Note how within the scope of stubbing , xx returns 1 and yy returns 2 .
Now , for the implementation .
Implementation
The code is almost embarrassingly straight - forward .
Take a look –
( ns org.rathore.amit.conjure.core ( :use clojure.test ) ) ( def call - times ( atom {} ) ) ( defn stub - fn [ function - name return - value ] ( swap ! call - times assoc function - name [ ] ) ( fn [ & args ] ( swap ! call - times update - in [ function - name ] conj args ) return - value ) ) ( defn mock - fn [ function - name ] ( stub - fn function - name nil ) ) ( defn verify - call - times - for [ fn - name number ] ( is ( = number ( count ( @call - times fn- name ) ) ) ) ) ( defn verify - first - call - args - for [ fn - name &amp ; args ] ( is ( = args ( first ( @call - times fn- name ) ) ) ) ) ( defn verify - nth - call - args - for [ n fn-name &amp ; args ] ( is ( = args ( nth ( @call - times fn- name ) ( dec n ) ) ) ) ) ( defn clear - calls [ ] ( reset ! call - times {} ) ) ( defmacro mocking [ fn - names &amp ; body ] ( let [ mocks ( map #( list ' mock - fn % ) fn-names ) ] `( binding [ ~@( interleave fn- names mocks ) ] ~ @body ) ) ) ( defmacro stubbing [ stub - forms &amp ; body ] ( let [ stub - pairs ( partition 2 stub - forms ) fn-names ( map first stub - pairs ) stubs ( map #( list ' stub - fn ( first % ) ( last % ) ) stub- pairs ) ] `( binding [ ~@( interleave fn-names stubs ) ] ~ @body ) ) )
It ’s just an hour or so of work , so it ’s probably rough , and certainly does n’t support more complex features of other mocking / stubbing libraries .
But I thought the simplicity was enjoyable .
WASHINGTON
Imagine if , one year ago , Congress had passed a stimulus bill that really worked .
Let ’s say this bill had started spending money within a matter of weeks and had rapidly helped the economy .
Let ’s also imagine it was large enough to have had a huge impact on jobs  employing something like two million people who would otherwise be unemployed right now .
If that had happened , what would the economy look like today ?
Well , it would look almost exactly as it does now .
Because those nice descriptions of the stimulus that I just gave are n’t hypothetical .
They are descriptions of the actual bill .
Just look at the outside evaluations of the stimulus .
Perhaps the best - known economic research firms are IHS Global Insight , Macroeconomic Advisers and Moody ’s Economy.com .
They all estimate that the bill has added 1.6 million to 1.8 million jobs so far and that its ultimate impact will be roughly 2.5 million jobs .
The Congressional Budget Office , an independent agency , considers these estimates to be conservative .
Yet I ’m guessing you do n’t think of the stimulus bill as a big success .
You ’ve read columns ( by me , for example ) complaining that it should have spent money more quickly .
Or you ’ve heard about the phantom ZIP code scandal : the fact that a government Web site mistakenly reported money being spent in nonexistent ZIP codes .
Looks like all that GSM code - cracking is progressing faster than we thought .
Soon after the discovery of the 64 - bit A5/1 GSM encryption flaw last month , the geniuses at Israel 's Weizmann Institute of Science went ahead and cracked the KASUMI system -- a 128 - bit A5/3 algorithm implemented across 3G networks -- in less than two hours .
If you must know , the method applied is dubbed ' related - key sandwich attack ' where multiple values of known differentials are processed through the first seven rounds of KASUMI , then using resulting quartets that are identified sharing key differences , subkey materials can be obtained in round eight to build up the 128 - bit key .
Sure , it 's hardly snooping - on - the - go at this speed , but worryingly this was only an 'unoptimized implementation ... on a single PC . '
At the same time , the paper condemns the presumably red-faced GSM Association for moving from MISTY -- a more computationally - expensive but much stronger predecessor algorithm -- to KASUMI .
Guess we 'll just have to stick with Skype .
Music ( Original Song )
Winner
Crazy Heart The Weary Kind ( Theme From Crazy Heart ) in " Crazy Heart " Music and Lyric by Ryan Bingham and T Bone Burnett
Nominees
The Princess and the Frog Almost There in " The Princess and the Frog " Music and Lyric by Randy Newman
The Princess and the Frog Down In New Orleans in " The Princess and the Frog " Music and Lyric by Randy Newman
Paris 36 Loin De Paname in " Paris 36 " Music by Reinhardt Wagner ; Lyric by Frank Thomas
South Australia 's Attorney - General Michael Atkinson admits he misjudged public opinion on the state 's attempt to curb political comment on the internet .
Mr Atkinson says he will repeal a law which would have meant that anyone posting comment or blogs during an election period would have had to give their real name and postcode .
Opponents had branded the law an attack on freedom of speech , and Mr Atkinson says he listened to community concerns in his decision to overturn it .
" I now understand that bloggers demand the right to publish , on the net , political commentary in the election period anonymously or under an assumed name , " he said .
" I miscalculated the strength of feeling among teenagers and people in their 20s who have grown up with the internet and blogging and I underestimated their desire to have as a right the ability to make political commentary in the election period anonymously or under an assumed name .
" When one gets public opinion wrong , as I did , one has to change one 's mind . "
Free speech win
Civil libertarians say the Attorney - General 's back flip is a win for free speech .
George Mancini of the SA Council for Civil Liberties says public outcry made the Government think twice .
" Nice little victory for democracy and freedom of speech in South Australia so that people do n't need to be feared ( sic ) about speaking out and they can maintain their privacy , " he said .
The state Opposition says Mr Atkinson should resign or be sacked .
The legislation was supported by the Opposition Liberal Party but shadow attorney - general Vickie Chapman now says the party was misled .
" He clearly wanted to use this legislation to hunt down any of those who criticised him or the Government and that was made absolutely clear yesterday by his statements and behaviour , " she said .
" And indeed even the information and assurances were given by the Electoral Commissioner , [ and ] we consider she has been misled . "
Ms Chapman says Mr Atkinson has become a liability to the Government .
Mr Atkinson promised to repeal the legislation retrospectively after the SA election on March 20 .
But he later promised to act sooner to exempt internet sites from the new law .
" I will say Vickie Chapman has had an excellent idea on using the regulatory powers to exempt and that 's just what we 'll be doing as soon as possible , so congratulations to the Liberal Opposition spokeswoman for seeing a way through this problem , " he said .
People are voting for Google to offer HTML5 / Ogg video support on YouTube , in Google 's own product ideas voting space .
This piece of Ogg activism is getting some traffic on identi.ca and Twitter right now .
If you have n't already , you should jump in .
YouTube is , obviously , the largest source of videos in the world by far , so keeping pressure on Google to support web standards and free formats ( over proprietary formats like Flash ) is really important .
Google has closed the window on HTML5 feedback , saying that peoples ' voices have been heard .
However , notably absent is any mention of Ogg .
Google leaving Ogg out of the picture here makes sense , because it would be very easy for them to offer HTML5 / h264 videos that play in Chrome and Safari , while still excluding free formats and users of free browsers like Firefox and Icecat .
It also means that , from our point of view anyway , votes for Ogg Theora support are still welcome .
PlayOgg can play an important role here by stressing free formats .
If you do n't already have a Google account , please do n't let this encourage you to make one .
You can call YouTube at 650 - 253-0000 and make the same request there .
Make your voice heard !
And tell a friend .
Translations
To depict the true meaning of game over , artist Kordian Lewandowski called on Mario , Princess Peach and , well , Jesus .
Advertisement
Carved by a 24 - year - old Michelangelo , La Pietá shows Mary cradling Jesus in her lap after he has been crucified .
The statue was vandalized in the early 1970s when an Australian geologist took a hammer to the sculpture .
The work resides in St. Peter 's Basilica behind bullet proof ( and hammer proof ) glass .
Advertisement
Lewandowski's work " Game Over " is made from a large block of polystyrene foam and features Peach holding Mario in her arms .
The work is gaming 's take on Michelangelo 's sculpture .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This photo should give you an idea of just how large the completed work is .
Pieta " Game Over " by ~ Kordianl on deviantART [ deviantART ] [ Pic ]
Sistem Judi Capsa Banting Pada Situs IDN Poker Dan Trik Mudah Memenangakannya
Pada saat ini bermain judi merupakan salah satu hiburan yang pas untuk kita mainkan diinternet .
Apa lagi dengan cara online permainan judi bisa semakin dimainkan dengan mudah dan gak perlu repot .
Alasan orang memulai permainan judi online bermacam macam , mulai dari mencari keuntungan hingga mencari hiburan .
Kata siapa bermain judi tidak bisa memberikan kamu keuntungan , sudah banyak pemain yang berhasil mendapatkan keuntungan .
Sekarang juga kita udah bisa dapetin bandar judi online gampang banget dan banyak dipasaran atau diinternet .
Salah satu bandar yang sudah bisa kamu percayain adalah situs idn poker yang memiliki pelayanan terbaik .
Bagi kamu yang memang pemain baru , disini kamu bisa dimanjain dengan keunggulan yang dimiliki situs idn poker .
Kamu gak perlu bingung dengan tampilan yang dimilikin bandar ini soalnya bisa dimengerti semua orang .
Terus bermain pada bandar ini juga kamu gak perlu ribet ribet lagi , kamu tinggal daftarin diri kamu aja .
Disaat itu juga kamu bisa milih mau main judi apa sesuai sama yang kamu mau nantinya , jadi gak perlu khawatir .
Pada situs idn poker juga kamu bisa memilih permainan yang cukup banyak nantinya .
kamu bisa memilih permainan judi poker , judi domino , Omaha , ceme , superten dan masih banyak lagi .
Disini aku juga mau ngejelasin salah satu permainan judi yang udah terkenal banget .
Jadi habis kamu selesai baca artikel ini kamu bisa pahamin gimana cara main dari permainan tersebut .
Sistem Permainan Judi Capsa Banting Pada Situs IDN Poker
Aku mau ngejelasin cara bermain judi capsa banting , kamu pasti udah pernah mainin judi tersebut .
Soalnya permainan capsa banting terbilang seru , dan udah banyak yang mainin tanpa menggunakan uang .
Jika kamu mau main judi capsa banting menggunakan uang nah situs idn poker adalah bandar yang tepat .
Jadi pada permainan tersebut kamu bakalan pake uang asli sebagai taruhannya nanti .
Kamu bisa memilih meja judi berdasarkan uang taruhan yang bakalan dihitung per satu kartunya .
Jadi pada permainan capsa banting kamu bakalan dibagiin 13 buah kartu pada setiap pemainnya .
Jadi pada permainan tersebut bisa dimainin minimal 2 orang dan maksimal 4 orang pemain .
Terus pemain yang dinyatain menang adalah pemain yang bisa habisin kartunya terlebih dahulu .
Terus buat besar kemenangan yang bakalan didapetin tergantung sama sisa kartu lawan kamu .
Semakin banyak sisa kartu lawan kamu maka semakin banyak uang kemenangan yang bakalan kamu dapetin .
Terus pada permainan tersebut terdiri dari 3 cara pengeluaran kartu ada 1 kartu 2 kartu dan 5 kartu .
Kamu harus keluarin kartu sesuai sama cara pengeluaran kartu pada putaran tersebut .
Jadi pada awalnya salah satu pemain bakalan dipilih buat jalan duluan , terus boleh nentuin dari ketiga cara itu .
Kalo kamu bisa menangin kartu atau sampai semua pemain pass maka kamu bisa pilih mau keluarin kartu apa .
Nanti dari sisa kartu yang dimiliki bakalan dikali sama uang taruhan yang berlaku pada meja tersebut .
Nah terus aku juga mau ngejelasin trik biar kamu bisa bermain judi capsa banting dengan mudah menang .
Trik Mudah Memenangkan Judi Capsa Banting
Prinsip pada permainan capsa banting , kamu harus bisa menghabiskan kartu kamu secepat mungkin .
Semakin kamu cepat habis semakin kamu bisa dapetin uang kemenangan nantinya .
Namun kamu juga gak boleh keluarin kartu asal asalan , kamu juga harus memikirikan bagaimana mengeluarkan kartu kecil .
Kamu gak boleh terus terusan keluarin kartu gede kamu , kalo gak nanti kartu angka kecil kamu gak bisa keluar .
Sebaiknya pada awal permainan kamu habiskan dulu kartu kecil yang kamu miliki supaya ngga tersisa .
Usahain kamu bisa menangin kartu supaya kamu bisa keluarin kartu kecil kamu nantinya .
Ingat dalam permainan judi capsa banting kartu angka 2 adalah kartu tertinggi pada jenis kartu single .
Gunakan kartu tersebut untuk memenangkan kartu , jadi sebaiknya kamu pergunakan kartu tersebut dengan baik .
Terus sebisa mungkin jadi kan kartu kamu menjadi kombinasi 5 kartu supaya kamu bisa cepat habis .
Untuk bisa mengatur atau menyusun kartu yang mana harus keluar duluan atau kamu harus pass , sebaiknya kamu banyak berlatih .
Dengan kamu banyak berlatih kamu dengan sendirinya bisa mahamin strategi atau taktik mengeluarkan kartu yang baik .
Selain itu jika kartu kamu memang bagus , kamu bisa memiliki kesempatan menang yang lebih tinggi dari pada kartu kamu kecil .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Engineers from China have begun creating a road through previously inaccessible mountains to try and connect Nepal to Tibet , and China beyond .
The aim is to modernise trade routes on a new Asian '' super highway ' ' .
Joanna Jolly reports from Nepal .
Renegade Screw is a dynamic young organisation promoting unique explorations into the interconnected worlds of music , arts and poetry .
The site features works by a variety of artists based in Luxembourg and Edinburgh .
Bending rules and questioning the format , our artists explore their visions and present them in unique ways .
Check out this media stupidity
Coroner ’s report : Lewis had marijuana in system
OWENSBORO , KY ( WFIE ) – USI basketball player Jeron Lewis died of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy according to the final report issued by the Daviess County coroner .
Toxicology tests showed Lewis also had marijuana in his system when he collapsed in a game against Kentucky Wesleyan January 14 .
There is no evidence the marijuana contributed to his death , however .
The freezing point of supercooled water varies depending on whether it is sitting on a positively or negatively charged surface
As every schoolchild knows , water freezes at 0?C .
Or perhaps not .
It has been known for centuries that pure water , in the absence of any nucleating surface , can remain in a supercooled liquid state down to temperatures as low as
- 40 ?C . Now , researchers in Israel have discovered that supercooled water itself will freeze at different temperatures depending on whether it is in contact with a positively or negatively charged surface .
For more than 150 years it has been known that electrical fields can affect the freezing point of supercooled water .
However , it has been difficult to study the phenomenon in any detail because conducting surfaces promote nucleation of water in any event .
Now , a team led by Igor Lubomirsky at the Weizmann Institute in Rehovot has devised an elegant experiment in which charge can be created on insulating surfaces to probe electrical effects on the freezing point of supercooled water .
The researchers used the pyroelectric material lithium tantalate ( LiTaO 3 ) , which can develop a positive or negative electrical charge depending on temperature , as a surface upon which to study supercooled water droplets .
They found that on a surface with no electric field , the droplets froze at around
- 12.5?C.
On a positively charged surface , however , the freezing point was raised to - 7?C , while if the surface was negatively charged the droplet did not freeze until the temperature reached - 18?C .
There are a number of hypotheses for the effect of electric fields on the freezing of supercooled water , Lubomirsky says .
’ The most commonly held belief is that an electric field affects orientation of the water molecules because the latter are polar .
We do not have a direct proof of that . ’
However , it was not previously known that positive and negative charges affected nucleation differently and this , Lubomirsky says , was an unexpected finding and the mechanism remains a mystery .
’ This is exactly what we are trying to understand now . ’
Paul Connolly , who researches the formation of ice crystals in clouds at the University of Manchester in the UK , says that the new work has uncovered what is ’ certainly an interesting phenomenon ’ .
Connolly adds that the results ’ may prove useful and provide clues in understanding the mechanism by which ice formation could be enhanced in cumulus clouds . ’
Simon Hadlington
All this , it is comforting to know , is being led by the climate - change activist Dr David Viner , formerly employed by East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit ( the focus of the " Climategate " emails scandal ) , who is most famous for the prediction he made in 2001 , that within a few years winter snow would become " a very rare and exciting event " .
No doubt the climate champions we are funding in the eastern US will have been grateful for our support last week as they tried to explain the several feet of snow across the region which broke records established in the 1880s .
What it all has to do with Macbeth or Pride and Prejudice is something of a mystery .
A FORMER thatcher has used his loaf to create bread from traditional forms of grain grown in Oxfordshire .
Now bread made from grain developed by archaeological botanist John Letts , who lives in Grandpont , is being dished out to 170 members of a new co-operative called the Oxford Bread Group .
Mr Letts developed the grain in frustration at the modern types of wheat grown in the UK , which produce straw too short for use as roofing thatch .
He believed using older varieties where you could get two products from the land was better for the environment .
He scoured gene banks and traditional farms across the world to track down tall varieties of wheat , like those grown in medieval times .
He said : “ After so many years of struggling to research this and develop it , I think it ’s catching on . ”
The grain is being grown on farms at Faringdon and Wheatley , producing 1.3 tonnes of grain per acre plus the same weight in thatching straw .
He said : “ I think the bread ’s delicious and most people really like it .
“ There ’s definitely a growing market for a slightly more substantial kind of loaf – I like to think this is real bread as opposed to bread which has had all kinds of things injected into it . ”
The grain is sent to the Stoneground Flour Company , on the Isle of Wight , for milling , before the flour is sent to the Cornfield Bakery , at Wheatley .
There Geoff Coleman bakes bread and biscuits .
Mr Letts said : “ I like the bread toasted for breakfast , with marmalade or homemade jam .
“ I also love French toast with milk and egg and maple syrup , which is what my boys love in the morning . ”
As well as direct deliveries to members of the co-operative , the bread is also available at the Cornfield Bakery , at East Oxford Farmers ’ Market and various farm shops .
The flour can be bought from various Co-op shops , including those in Between Towns Road , Headington , Summertown , Botley and Walton Street .
Mr Letts said : “ People are committed because they feel they ’re helping the environment . ”
For more details about the co-operative scheme , email order@oxfordlocalbread.org
( CNN ) -- Tommy Silverstein has been held in solitary confinement for the past 27 years , longer than anyone else in the federal prison system , his lawyers say .
He is locked up at the high - security prison in Florence , Colorado , known as Supermax .
The lights are always on .
Guards who slip him food through a slot in his cell door usually ignore him .
A few times a week , he is permitted to exercise in the recreation room -- alone .
Visits with his family and his lawyers are conducted through Plexiglas .
Silverstein 's isolation is the result of an unusual no - human - contact order issued by a judge in 1983 , after he murdered a guard at the federal prison in Marion , Illinois .
Marion was known at the time as the most rigorous confinement in the federal prison system .
Silverstein has referred to his solitary existence as " a slow , constant peeling of the skin . "
His attorneys , who are affiliated with the University of Denver , filed a lawsuit against the U.S. Bureau of Prisons in 2007 , alleging that such prison conditions violate the cruel and unusual punishment clause of the Eighth Amendment .
The lawsuit , filed in the federal district court of Colorado , is awaiting trial .
At Supermax , Silverstein , 58 , practices yoga and meditates in his cell .
He might catch an episode of " the Sopranos " or a reality show on the black - and - white TV in his cell .
It 's his only way to see the outside world .
Recently , he 's learned to crochet , and he fills much of his time writing letters .
He has two Web sites being run by advocates and family friends : www.tommysilverstein.bravehost.com and tommysilverstein.blogspot.com .
One of the sites includes examples of Silverstein 's prison artwork and writing , providing a glimpse into a life of isolation .
Blue - toned drawings show hands trapped behind bars .
Black - and - white ones starkly show cage - like conditions .
" It 's almost more humane to kill someone immediately than it is to intentionally bury a man alive , " he wrote in a 2008 letter to a friend .
Psychologists who have studied the effects of solitary confinement find that the lack of social interaction can cause severe anxiety and depression .
Some inmates in solitary have committed suicide .
Eyes like a ' wild person '
His sister , Sydney McMurray , came from California to Colorado to visit him a year ago .
She said he seemed exhausted , with eyes like a " wild person . "
" Relax , Tommy , " she told him through the thick Plexiglas .
" It's OK . "
She hopes Silverstein will someday find peace .
She says she draws solace from the legend of Bodhi Dharma , a monk who , according to some accounts , retreated to a cave to meditate alone for nine years .
" They say you come back crazy or come back wise , " McMurray says .
" Tommy 's always been a strong guy , and I think this has made him wiser . "
McMurray says she believes her brother has changed , and she knows he has suffered from reading his letters .
CNN attempted to contact Silverstein by mail , but he did not respond .
Access to him is limited .
To date , only one journalist has interviewed him , in 1988 .
The U.S. Bureau of Prisons says " solitary confinement , " a term widely used by prison advocacy groups and attorneys , does n't exist in federal prisons .
Instead , authorities call the isolated cells where inmates are housed the SHU : special housing units .
U.S. Bureau of Prisons spokesman Edmond Ross estimates that on any given day , 11,150 of the 200,000 federal inmates are kept in special housing units .
The reasons for confinement vary from protecting a witness to disciplinary measures .
In the U.S. , the practice dates to the 1820s , when Quakers believed that complete isolation forced prisoners to repent .
But in 1890 , the Supreme Court ruled that confinement had disastrous mental effects , causing inmates to go insane and become violent .
' Worse than death row '
" At times , it was worse than death row .
At least death row had privileges , " Robert Hillary King said .
King is one of the Angola 3 , a trio of Louisiana inmates who were locked away in solitary confinement in the 1970s .
Two of the three men were accused of stabbing a corrections officer .
King , who was never charged with the killing , won his freedom in 2001 after a series of appeals .
He had spent 29 years in solitary confinement in the state prison system .
The other two members of the Angola 3 are still being held in isolation .
For Silverstein , his adult life behind bars began in 1978 .
He was a 26 - year - old Californian with a heroin addiction when he was handed a 15 - year sentence for robberies he committed with his father .
Two years later , Silverstein was convicted of murder for the first time : the slaying of a fellow inmate in a Kansas prison .
He was moved to a maximum - security prison in Marion , Illinois .
His murder conviction was overturned while he was there .
At about the same time , he was rumored to be part of the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang and was targeted by other inmates , according to his former attorney Daniel Manville , who now practices in Michigan .
Silverstein was convicted of murdering two Marion inmates .
But it was the highly publicized 1983 murder of prison guard Merle Clutts that led to Silverstein 's unusual no -contact order .
Silverstein fatally stabbed the 51 - year - old .
CNN could not find family members of the two inmates Silverstein killed or any members of Clutts ' family .
Clutts , who had worked for the federal prison system for 19 years , is remembered fondly by corrections workers and friends in an online memorial page maintained by a nonprofit called Officer Down Memorial Page Inc .
One fellow corrections officer wrote : " You are a hero because you did not give in to inmates or let them intimidate you in any way .
You were attacked by some animal who should have gotten the death penalty , but instead still [ exists ] in our world . "
Deeming Silverstein a hazard , authorities transferred him to a federal prison in Atlanta , Georgia , where he was confined in a 6 - by - 7 - foot cell , legal documents show .
The living space was cramped for Silverstein , who is more than 6 feet tall .
Bright lights lit the cell 24 hours a day , and surveillance cameras scrutinized him .
He became known as Terrible Tommy .
' The Silverstein suite '
In 1987 , a group of Cuban inmates rioted and took control of the prison .
They freed Silverstein and then traded him back to prison authorities in hopes of lightening their sentences .
Silverstein was then shipped to Leavenworth , Kansas .
Once again , prison officials kept him isolated , this time alone in the basement .
Authorities nicknamed his cell the Silverstein suite .
Leavenworth 's conditions were an upgrade , although legal documents allege that rats infested his cell at one point .
The cell space increased to 9 feet by 16 feet , court documents say .
The isolation offered Silverstein a chance to focus on his artwork , a hobby since childhood , his sister says .
Art became therapy and his way of communicating his harsh conditions to the outside world .
Silverstein 's final move came in 2005 to Supermax , the most secure federal prison in the U.S.
He remains there today , along with Unabomber Ted Kaczynski and a long list of other well - known criminals .
Silverstein is n't trying to deny his responsibility for the three prison murders , nor is he trying to get out of prison , his lawyers say .
He is remorseful , and two decades of good behavior should allow him to join the general prison population , they say .
The U.S. Bureau of Prisons declined to comment on Silverstein 's behavioral history .
In 2008 , he was moved to less isolated living conditions .
Although he is still alone and still has no contact with other people , his cell is now next to others , says his lawyer , Laura Rovner .
" He 's holding up extremely well , " said Paul Wright , an editor at Prison Legal News who has corresponded with Silverstein by letters over the past decade .
" I think that for 95 percent of the population , they would have gone stark raving mad years and decades ago . "
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon passed through Erez Crossing into the Gaza Strip for his second visit to the coastal enclave .
A group of protestors carrying Palestinian flags were on the site .
Ban said that he is in the Gaza Strip in order to show his solidarity with the strife of the Palestinian people living in Gaza and in order to highlight the need to lift the siege on the Strip .
( AFP )
The man with the fax machine has declared that Petraeus ' recent comments on Israel " [ smack ] of blaming the Jews for everything . ”
Yglesias yawns .
Meanwhile , back on planet earth , Josh Marshall highlights the unavoidable truths Petraeus said in his prepared remarks to Congress this week :
The enduring hostilities between Israel and some of its neighbors present distinct challenges to our ability to advance our interests in the AOR [ CentCom Area of Responsibility ] .
Israeli -Palestinian tensions often flare into violence and large - scale armed confrontations .
The conflict foments anti-American sentiment , due to a perception of U.S. favoritism for Israel .
Arab anger over the Palestinian question limits the strength and depth of U.S. partnerships with governments and peoples in the AOR and weakens the legitimacy of moderate regimes in the Arab world .
Meanwhile , al - Qaeda and other militant groups exploit that anger to mobilize support .
The conflict also gives Iran influence in the Arab world through its clients , Lebanese Hizballah and Hamas .
Josh comments :
In a sense , all of this is no more than commonsense , a given in many conversations about the US position in the world , especially in the arc of Muslim majority nations from the eastern Mediterranean to Indonesia .
The continuation of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict directly harms the vital interests of the United States .
But if this is the consensus view at the highest levels of the US military , that 's a very different world we 're living in than the one we 've been in heretofore .
What remains to be seen is whether this is a statement not to be acted upon or a strategic analysis that will inform Pentagon policy .
Reality is meeting a lobby .
In Washington , that usually means the lobby wins .
But this time , we are at war and America 's vital interests are at stake .
This will be a struggle - but that there is a struggle at all is progress in a way .
I 'd be more worried if no sparks were flying .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Mozilla 's Firefox got a bit hotter today with the official release of version 3.6 , a noteworthy update of the popular open source Web browser .
It 's an incremental improvement that introduces a modest assortment of new features and expands the browser 's support for emerging Web standards .
It will add fuel to the fire as the flame - throwing fox continues to scorch Internet Explorer 's declining marketshare , bringing more choice and openness to the Web .
It 's been roughly six months since the release of Firefox 3.5 , Mozilla 's last major update .
This new release is less ambitious , but just as solid .
Although there are n't a lot of significant user - facing features to talk about , there are some compelling improvements for Web developers .
In this review we will look at both sides of the browser .
Personas
One of the most visible new features in this release for regular end users is the Personas system , which brings support for lightweight theming to Firefox .
It allows users to apply a custom visual style to the browser 's user interface elements , including the toolbars , menus , tabs , and status bar .
It 's intended to provide a simple alternative to Firefox 's existing theming engine .
Unlike conventional Firefox themes — which can profoundly alter the look , feel , and behavior of the program at a multitude of different levels — a Persona is like a decal that you can apply to the top layer .
The Personas feature was first introduced by Mozilla Labs in in 2007 , where it was created as a hobby project by Mozilla 's Chief Innovation Officer ( yes , that 's his real title ) Chris Beard .
At the time , Beard was the vice president of the Labs group and was interested in exploring some possibilities for lowering the barrier to entry for theming and blurring the boundary between Web content and the browser 's user interface .
The Personas feature has been available to users through a browser add - on , but now the project has matured and Mozilla has made it a built - in part of the browser .
Mozilla recently launched a Personas Gallery , which has over 35,000 individual Personas , most of which are unforgivably hideous .
The skins in the gallery exhibit a diverse assortment of visual elements , ranging from images of the popular singer Lady Gaga to anime characters , marijuana leaves , and various Firefox logos .
Although many of them are garish abominations that make the browser look like a mutant circus with leprosy , there are some fairly nice ones that can spice up your toolbar with a bit of extra color .
In the Abstract category , you can find some simple gradients and textures that are n't too distracting .
I grudgingly admit to liking the Star Trek set even though it 's kind of tacky .
To boldly go where no user interface ... ever should
When you hover your mouse cursor over an item in the Gallery , the Persona will be applied instantly in preview mode , meaning that it will revert when you move your cursor away .
To apply a Persona , you just have to click the " Wear It " link that will appear over the thumbnail in the gallery when you hover .
The individual Personas will show up on the theme list in the browser 's preference dialog you .
You can switch between Personas just like regular themes .
It 's worth noting , however , that you cannot use a Persona and a full theme at the same time .
When you enable a Persona , Firefox will switch back to the default theme and then apply the Persona on top of that .
PluginCheck : protecting users from plug - in vulnerabilities
Mozilla has a pretty strong track record on delivering fast fixes and pushing its users onto the most recent version of Firefox .
This helps insulate users from security vulnerabilities and ensures that they benefit from the latest bug fixes .
Unfortunately , not all software vendors are as mindful .
Vulnerabilities in Adobe 's Flash plug - in , for example , are becoming increasingly notorious as malware distribution vectors and can sometimes expose users to security risks .
Mozilla says that users do n't always understand the role that plug-ins play in the Web experience and might not even realize that they have plug-ins installed .
This is a major impediment to giving users the ability to protect their own security .
The PluginCheck system is a new feature that Mozilla has introduced to address some of the problems caused by faulty browser plug-ins .
It gives the browser the ability to make the user aware when a vulnerable plug - in is detected .
Image Credit : Mozilla 's Jonathan Nightingale
The PluginCheck feature is made possible by a Web service that Mozilla launched last year which matches the user 's plugin versions against a remote database of plug - in information .
The backend Web service , called PFS2 , is also used to help users find the appropriate plug-ins to enable support for certain kinds of content .
In order to function properly , the browser has to periodically phone home in order to request information from the plugin database — much like what Firefox does already to check for browser and add - on updates .
For PluginCheck , the browser sends the PFS2 server the user 's Firefox version number , operating system name , and browser locale ( the language that is used in the user interface ) .
The server will respond by providing a JSON data structure that includes detailed metadata about the latest version and previous vulnerable versions , including URLs with information about the relevant vulnerabilities .
You can see documentation for the PFS2 Web API on the Mozilla website .
PluginCheck is only one part of Mozilla 's plugin protection arsenal .
The browser already has a plug - in blacklist system that can be used in an emergency to forcefully disable plug-ins that have extreme defects .
As some readers may recall , Mozilla put the blacklist to use last year when a serious vulnerability was uncovered in Microsoft 's WPF plugin for Firefox .
A member of the U.S. Olympic team has been arrested for alleged assault in Whistler , B.C .
Whistler RCMP said a male American athlete in his 30s allegedly assaulted his common - law wife .
She was not seriously hurt and no weapon was involved .
He has been released after posting a cash bond , with the police recommending charges of assault and uttering threats .
The Associated Press , citing a person with direct knowledge of the investigation , reported the athlete is American bobsledder Bill Schuffenhauer .
Schuffenhauer , an Olympic silver medallist in 2002 , resumed training Thursday and is expected to compete in Friday 's four - man bobsled at the Vancouver Games .
" We understand that late last evening [ Wednesday ] , Bill Schuffenhauer , a member of the U.S. bobsled team , was detained and released by authorities in Whistler .
At this point we are awaiting further details , " said a statement from the USOC communications officer , Patrick Sandusky .
The 36 - year - old Schuffenhauer is a pushman for USA - 3 , driven by Mike Kohn and also pushed by Jamie Moriarty and Nick Cunningham .
Schuffenhauer won a silver medal in four - man at the 2002 Salt Lake City Games .
Loses house , car seeking another medal
He has been candid about his struggles in life .
After finishing sixth four years ago in Italy , Schuffenhauer wanted one more shot at a gold medal .
To do so , he quit his bank job , leaving his fiancée , Ruthann Savage , a nurse , to support him and his four - year - old son , Corben .
The financial hardships never eased .
Schuffenhauer had trouble getting sponsors , and lost his house and car in pursuit of another medal .
He came to the Vancouver Games by himself , but Procter & Gamble picked up the tab through a program that helps family members watch their loved ones compete in the Olympics .
" It was just hard to fathom not being able to share this all with them , " Schuffenhauer said this week during a joyous reunion .
" We did this as a family . "
Schuffenhauer had a troubled childhood in Salt Lake City .
His mother was a drug addict and for a time , he was homeless .
When he won his silver medal , his mother watched his race from jail .
" I come from garbage , " Schuffenhauer said last year .
" To come from where I come , no one could be prouder of me than me . "
Following Thursday 's practice run , he stepped from the back of the bobsled and walked away from his teammates .
He spent roughly one minute in the truck used to transport the athletes , using the time to compose himself while athletes , track officials and workers busily loaded sleds for their trip up the mountain .
Back outside , he wiped away tears .
While Kohn and teammates Jamie Moriarty and Nick Cunningham spoke to reporters following their final pre-race tuneup , Schuffenhauer remained on the loading dock next to the track 's finish area .
Taxpayers to make $ 8 billion off of Citibank ?
Joe Weisenthal and Kamelia Angelova note that Tim Geithner 's Citibank rescue has turned out to be a pretty good deal for the taxpayers .
The government is selling off the stock this week , and netting a tidy profit of $ 8 billion .
And that 's not all !
Dan Gross thinks we might end up making money on the AIG intervention , and even if we do n't , the losses are likely to be very small .
When all is said and done , the financial rescue will probably cost about a percentage point of GDP , and maybe even a bit less than that .
Compare that with the savings and loan rescue in the 1980s , which cost 3 percent of GDP , and we 're doing okay .
Now , the damage the financial crisis did to the actual economy is huge , and I do n't want to play that down .
But the bailouts themselves are going to end up being a fairly modest contributor .
Twelve years ago the World Wide Web Consortium released a set of specifications for the Extensible Markup Language or XML .
It was designed to allow anyone to create tagged documents , with tags describing the contents and by building on the work done with other languages ( particularly SGML ( Standard Generalized Markup Language ) it was intended to be a common platform for data exchange across the rapidly growing internet and become the lingua franca of the connected world but a lot of people find it bulky and ugly .
The same could be said of JavaScript .
According to Doug Crockford , considered by many in the development community to be the JavaScript expert , it is a beautiful , elegant , lightweight and highly expressive language which lies buried under a steaming pile of good intentions and blunders .
The very good ideas he says , include functions , loose typing , dynamic objects , and an expressive object literal notation .
The awful ideas include a programming model based on global variables .
“ I do n’t understand
a mindset that
undervalues quality .
It does n’t help to make
it fast if you are n’t also
making it good . ”
By sheer coincidence Doug also rails against XML and developed JSON ( JavaScript Object Notation ) a lightweight data interchange format widely used in Ajax applications , because he found XML extremely verbose and time - consuming to transmit and process on the browser .
A senior JavaScript Architect at Yahoo !
Doug has been a programmer since the early 1970s when he took a punch card Fortran course in college after finding it difficult to get into television broadcasting .
Over the course of four decades he has combined computers with media and has worked for numerous companies including : Atari , Lucasfilm and Electric Communities .
A member of JavaScript 2.0 committee at ECMA , Doug is a regular speaker at conferences on advanced JavaScript topics , and prefers to think of himself as a mahatma rather than a guru .
Executive functioning is a set of advanced cognitive functions -- such as the ability to control impulses , remember things , and show mental flexibility -- that help us plan and monitor what we do to reach goals .
Although executive functioning develops speedily between ages 1 and 6 , children vary widely in their skills in this area .
Now a new longitudinal study tells us that moms play a role in how their children develop these abilities .
The study was conducted at the University of Montreal and the University of Minnesota .
It appears in the January / February 2010 issue of the journal Child Development .
The researchers looked at 80 pairs of middle - income Canadian moms and their year - old babies .
It turns out that the ways moms act when they 're playing and solving puzzles with their babies can explain some of the differences in children 's development of executive functioning .
Children of moms who answered their children 's requests for help quickly and accurately ; talked about their children 's preferences , thoughts , and memories during play ; and encouraged successful strategies to help solve difficult problems performed better at a year and a half and 2 years on tasks that call for executive skills than children of moms who did n't use these techniques in interacting with their youngsters .
" The study sheds light on the role parents play in helping children develop skills that are important for later school success and social competence , " according to Annie Bernier , professor of psychology at the University of Montreal and the study 's lead author .
###
We have received more photographs from a source claiming that they are of the glass that will be used for Apple 's as - yet unannounced tablet .
This time , however , we get a little scale in the image , and that scale shows the glass to be large enough for a 10 " device .
We considered this relevant because the shape of the glass if very suggestive of an iPhone , and several readers commented that the lack of scale in the image made it difficult to understood how large the glass is in the photo we first published January 11th .
We received two new photos today , the first of which shows the glass sitting on top of a MacBook Pro 's keyboard .
The trackpad is the rectangle below the glass at the bottom of the image .
The caveat is that we still have not been able to double source the photos , but we trust our source .
Apple is holding a media event on January 27th , and the company is expected to announce the long - rumored tablet device at that time , though the company itself has not said what it will be announcing that day .
[ UPDATE :
We believe we 've found where this glass is being used . ]
Illustration by Brett Ryder
HENRY HAZLITT , one of the great popularisers of free - market thinking , once said that good ideas have to be relearned in every generation .
This is certainly true of good ideas about business .
A generation ago Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan did an excellent job of making the case in favour of business .
Today it looks as though the case needs to be made all over again .
It is hardly surprising that business has fallen from grace in recent years .
The credit crunch almost plunged the world into depression .
The new century began with the implosion of Enron and other prominent firms .
Some bosses pay themselves like princes while preaching austerity to their workers .
Business titans who once graced the covers of magazines have been hauled before congressional committees or carted off to prison .
Business people have been at pains to point out that it is unfair to judge all of their kind by the misdeeds of a few .
The credit crunch was the handiwork of bankers ( who lent too much money ) and policymakers ( who fooled themselves into thinking that they had abolished boom and bust ) .
Corporate criminals like WorldCom's Bernie Ebbers and Tyco's Denis Kozlowski were imprisoned for their crimes .
Avaricious bosses like Angelo Mozilo , who pocketed more than $ 550 m during his inglorious reign at Countrywide , are exceptions .
The average American boss is actually paid less today than he was in 2000 .
This is all true enough but hardly sets the blood racing .
More ambitious defenders of business have advanced two arguments .
The first is that many firms are devoted to good works .
They routinely trumpet their passionate commitment not just to their various stakeholders ( such as workers and suppliers ) but to the planet at large .
Timberland puts “ green index ” labels on all its shoes .
GlaxoSmithKline makes HIV drugs available at cost to millions of Africans .
Starbucks buys lots of Fairtrade coffee .
The second argument is more hard - headed : that businesses have done more than any other institutions to advance prosperity , turning the luxuries of the rich , such as cars a century ago and computers today , into goods for the masses .
General Electric 's aircraft engines transport 660 m people a year and its imaging machines scan 230 m patients .
Wal - Mart 's “ everyday low prices ” save Americans at least $ 50 billion a year .
The problem with the first argument is that it smacks of appeasement .
Advocates of corporate social responsibility suggest that business has something to apologise for , and thus encourage its critics to find ever more to complain about .
Crocodiles never go away if you feed them .
The problem with the second argument is that it does not go far enough .
It focuses exclusively on material well - being , and so fails to engage with people 's moral qualms about business .
This is doubly regrettable .
It is regrettable because it has allowed critics of business to dominate the discussion of corporate morality .
For all too many people it is now taken as a given that companies promote greed , crush creativity and monopolise power .
And it is regrettable because it has deprived the business world of three rather better arguments in its defence .
The first is that business is a remarkable exercise in co-operation .
For all the talk of competition “ red in tooth and claw ” , companies in fact depend on persuading large numbers of people — workers and bosses , shareholders and suppliers — to work together to a common end .
This involves getting lots of strangers to trust each other .
It also increasingly involves stretching that trust across borders and cultures .
Apple 's iPod is not just a miracle of design .
It is also a miracle of co-operation , teaming Californian designers with Chinese manufacturers and salespeople in all corners of the earth .
It is worth remembering that the word “ company ” is derived from the Latin words “ cum ” and “ pane ” — meaning “ breaking bread together ” .
Another rejoinder is that business is an exercise in creativity .
Business people do not just invent clever products that solve nagging problems , from phones that can link fishermen in India with nearby markets to devices that can provide insulin to diabetics without painful injections .
They also create organisations that manufacture these products and then distribute them about the world .
Nandan Nilekani , one of the founders of Infosys , put the case for business as well as anyone when he said that the computer - services giant 's greatest achievement was not its $ 2 billion in annual revenue but the fact that it had taught his fellow Indians to “ redefine the possible ” .
Enfranchising , not enslaving
A third defence is that business helps maintain political pluralism .
Anti-capitalists are fond of arguing that companies account for half of the world 's 100 biggest economies .
But this argument not only depends on the abuse of statistics — comparing corporate turnover with GDP ( which measures value added , not sales ) .
It also rests on ignorance of the pressures of business life .
Companies have a difficult enough job staying alive , let alone engaging in a “ silent takeover ” of the state .
Only 202 of the 500 biggest companies in America in 1980 were still in existence 20 years later .
Anti-capitalists actually have it upside down .
Companies actually prevent each other from gaining too much power , and also act as a check on the power of governments that would otherwise be running the economy .
The proportion of the world 's governments that can reasonably be called democratic has increased from 40 % in 1980 , when the pro-business revolution began , to more than 60 % today .
Most hard - headed business people are no doubt reluctant to make these arguments .
They are more concerned with balancing their books than with engaging in worthy debates about freedom and democracy .
But they would do well to become a bit less reticent : the price of silence will be an ever more hostile public and ever more overbearing government .
Dappy and his N - Dubz bandmates featured on a number one hit last year N - Dubz star Dappy has apologised to a woman for sending her threatening text messages , after she contacted BBC Radio 1 expressing her dislike for the band .
Chloe Moody texted The Chris Moyles
Show while the band were being interviewed , calling them " losers " and labelling Dappy " repulsive " .
But she was shocked to receive a message the following day from rapper Dappy saying : " Your [ sic ] gonna die " .
The BBC said Dappy took down Ms Moody 's number without producers ' knowledge .
As a result of the incident , N - Dubz have been dropped as ambassadors of anti-bullying charity Beatbullying .
' Shocked ' Ms Moody , from Boston , Lincolnshire , texted Radio 1 while in the car with her mother .
I called her in the heat of the moment when I was angry , but that is no excuse for my behaviour
Dappy
She said she was " shocked " to receive the text messages and phone calls from the rapper the following day .
" I missed two calls from a number I did n't recognise , so I texted back asking who it was , and I got a text saying ' your gonna die ' . "
The message went on to say : " U sent a very bad msg towards Ndubz on The Chris Moyels [ sic ]
Show yesterday Morning and for that reason u will never be left alone !!!
If u say sorry I will leave you alone . "
Ms Moody added : " I was racking my brains trying to work out who it was , as I did n't tell anyone I had texted the radio show .
" I did n't think it would be him because I seriously did n't think he'd be bothered . "
When Ms Moody did eventually answer his call she said she faced further insults .
" He was just ranting , saying ' why are you saying this about me ? '.
If I had had a number one single and got a message from a nobody to a radio station I would not be too concerned .
It obviously hit a nerve . "
' Genuinely sorry '
Despite making an apology through his management , who also offered her free N - Dubz concert tickets , Ms Moody said Dappy was yet to text her personally to say sorry .
Mobo - winners N - Dubz - Dappy and his bandmates Tulisa and Fazer - hit the top 10 with their second album , Against All Odds , last month .
They also featured on Tinchy Stryder 's chart - topping dance track Number 1 last year .
In a statement , Dappy - real name Dino Contostavlos - said : " I called her in the heat of the moment when I was angry , but that is no excuse for my behaviour .
" I 'm genuinely sorry .
I 'd also like to send my sincerest apologies to Radio 1 . "
A BBC spokeswoman said : " He must have taken the number down from the production team 's text console in the studio .
" We were unaware of this , but will take steps to ensure it does n't happen again . "
Government campaign Last November , Dappy joined Schools Secretary Ed Balls to launch a Government campaign against " cyber - bullying " over mobile phones and the internet .
At the time , Mr Balls welcomed the release of an N - Dubz track called " RU Cyber Safe " as part of anti-bullying week and hailed the group as " great ambassadors " in the fight against bullies .
On Friday , shadow schools minister Nick Gibb called on Mr Balls to distance himself from the band , calling Dappy 's behaviour " completely unacceptable " .
Mr Balls responded : " This text message was completely unacceptable and it is right that he has not only apologised , but accepted there was no excuse for his behaviour .
" I know that many artists work with Beatbullying because they genuinely want to use their influence with young people to campaign against bullying .
" But that starts with ensuring their own behaviour sets the right example . "
A spokeswoman for the anti-bullying charity said today : " Beatbullying in no way condones this behaviour and we stress that sending any threatening messages of any kind is completely unacceptable . "
" Dappy 's behaviour is not becoming of an ambassador to young people .
We have no further plans to work with the band . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" Ron Brown is a certified fitness trainer who does n't have an inch of flab on his body .
He 'll tell you what you can do to become fit and trim too . "
TALK TO AMERICA , Washington DC
" The skin can not go back in with just dieting alone because it does n't have any more ' fat ' underneath it to get rid of , and it does n't have the extra layers of fat on the body to cover anymore , so it just hangs there , left as a reminder of how fat you once were , and how much your body was forced to stretch out to accommodate the large amount of weight that was gained .
By exercising , the skin does pull in some - with the muscle , but there will still be excess skin left on the body that can't be ' starved off . ' "
" I am disgusted with the way you responded to my question ... Not only did it not make any sense , but what you were saying was ridiculous , absurd , and physically impossible . " " ... after giving birth to a baby eight months ago , and with having to let my body try and recover from gaining 87 lbs during the pregnancy ... you would think that my body would have had some changes made to it .
After a tiny 108 pound body stretches to almost double its size , you better bet that you 're going to have some major stretched skin . "
A change in a woman 's body shape before and after normal pregnancy is another example of the skin 's flexibility to snap back to normal size .
By normal pregnancy , however , I mean without large accumulations of excess body fat , unlike the case of the woman above .
Age is claimed to be a factor that reduces skin elasticity and thus reduces the ability of the skin to readjust it 's size after weight loss .
However , many cases of loose skin are found in relatively young people who have lost weight , so the effect of age on skin elasticity is not really a factor in all cases , if at all .
However , common observation of the folds of skin in such examples reveals this is not usually the case .
Measuring the thickness of these hanging folds of skin provides evidence that there is still a substantial amount of body fat underneath the skin .
The skin is not so much " loose " as it is flabby due to excess body fat .
Even if some areas have completely thinned out , excess body fat is likely to be stored in adjacent areas that contribute to the overall flabby condition .
The skin is usually thickest on the soles of the feet , and thinnest on the eyelids .
As a typical example of your skin 's thickness , pinch the skin on the back of your hand .
If it were true , as this woman claims , that the folds of skin hanging off her body had absolutely no fat left underneath to diet away , every inch of this skin would hang in sheets as thin as folds of paper .
The human integumentary system ( skin ) is not a passive layer of tissue that remains stretched out like an empty plastic bag after losing large amounts of bodyweight .
The argument of the woman above about the cause of loose skin is a myth .
Rather , skin is a living organ , actively adapting to the body 's internal and external environments .
People on extended fasts consuming nothing more than water have demonstrated that the skin can lose 20 % or more of its size .
Many people would agree that this woman 's argument appears to make sense .
In such cases , plastic surgery is usually offered as the best solution to eliminate hanging remnants of excess , lax , or redundant skin , especially if the condition is associated with skin disorders .
But , a closer look reveals this logic to be faulty .
Is loose skin really unavoidable and inevitable after substantial weight loss ?
I believe the answer is no !
Now , imagine the effect if you lose several hundred pounds of bodyweight , and your muscle loss is twice as much , 40 - 50 % or more of lost bodyweight .
Those voluminous folds of flab can become an enormous problem .
Would you expect your body to look as shapely and firm under these circumstances , with a higher percentage of body fat ?
NO !
At 115 pounds , body parts that used to be filled with toned muscle are now filled with a greater volume of flabby fat instead .
Pound for pound , fat takes up more volume than muscle , pushing farther out until it begins to hang in folds of skin .
Continuing on with your diet only exacerbates the problem as your muscle level drops even more .
Even worse , if your bodyweight dips below your healthy starting point , you are now too thin and covered with flabby skin !
Now , after your severe diet , you have returned to your starting bodyweight of 115 pounds , but your internal body composition is altered .
You have 20 fewer pounds of muscle on your body , and 20 more pounds of body fat , even though you weigh as much as you did before you put on the extra weight !
The percentage of your bodyweight that is fat is now higher than before you gained weight .
And , because muscle can rapidly dehydrate and sacrifice protein to provide an additional supply of energy to your body , muscle loss increases the more active you are on a severe diet .
But let 's stick to a modest number of 20 % muscle loss in this example .
However , let 's say not all of the weight you lose is body fat .
Perhaps 20 % of your lost weight is muscle .
This is not unusual on a severe crash diet , and many people lose much more muscle than that on these diets .
In fact , if you were to fast on just water , 60 % of your weight loss would be muscle .
In the meanwhile , here 's an example to illustrate how muscle loss on a diet can cause droopy folds of flabby , loose skin .
Let 's say you start at a bodyweight of 115 pounds , in good toned shape with firm skin , but you gradually gain 100 pounds of body fat .
You then go on some sort of crash weight - loss program or have bariatric surgery to quickly lose those 100 pounds .
In my opinion , the droopy appearance of folds of skin is most probably caused by crash diets that sacrifice large amounts of supporting muscle , or lean body mass .
Even less severe diets and weight loss from bariatric surgery can result in a substantial amount of muscle loss over time .
Perhaps future scientific research will show a correlation between loss of lean body mass on a diet with the development of redundant skin .
Why does the skin sometimes take on this hanging appearance ( e.g. , abdominal pannus ) during the course of losing large amounts of weight ?
Why is it that not everyone who loses weight has this problem ?
Why do we see flabby skin develop even in people who have lost much less weight ?
What is the difference between those people who suffer from flabby or loose skin , and those who achieve weight loss while completely or partially avoiding this problem ?
Non-Surgical Removal of " Loose Skin "
To eliminate and prevent the droopy appearance of the remnants of excess body fat during and following weight loss , without resorting to surgical procedures , you must change your body composition , not just lose bodyweight .
That means paying particular attention to the ratio of your body fat to muscle , or lean body mass .
Preventing loss of lean body mass while dieting to lose body fat will dramatically improve your appearance .
" I lost ten pounds in one week ! "
How often has the public seen such advertisements for rapid weight loss ?
Everybody wants fast results .
But even if you manage to lose ten pounds in a week , the real question is what kind of pounds did you lose ?
Muscle ?
Fat ?
Imagine discovering that you lost 9.5 pounds of muscle and only half a pound of fat in one week !
That 's the dirty little secret of rapid weight loss claims .
Now imagine the psychological shock if you discover that after all your hard work to take off 100 pounds this past year , you need to gain back 75 of those pounds as muscle .
The quick - fix weight loss method is not worth the effort .
Almost every dieter has experienced rapid weight regain after dieting .
Aside from regained body fat resulting from a return to overeating habits , many people do n't realize that regained bodyweight can often include a significant amount of replenished lean body mass that was lost during dieting .
Dieters actually look and feel betterless haggard and with less droopy skinafter regaining this kind of lean weight .
So , how is muscle lost on a diet , anyway ?
During a diet a process called gluconeogenesis ( which means a new source of glucose ) utilizes muscle and body fat to supply energy not provided by food .
For each pound burned during gluconeogenesis , 60 % is burned from muscle and 40 % from fat .
Twenty - five percent of bodyweight lost on very - low calorie diets ( 400 - 800 calories ) is from muscle and supporting connective tissue ( Saris , " Very - low - calorie diets and sustained weight loss , " Obesity Research , 2001 ) .
In my opinion , the best approach to avoid muscle loss while dieting is to supply a daily calorie intake equal to no less than your resting metabolic rate , the calories burned by your muscle mass at rest , which is about 1,200 to 1,800 calories or higher for most people .
Professional bodybuilders have resting metabolic rates over 3,000 calories !
Do not estimate your resting metabolic rate according to your bodyweight .
Scientists have developed formulas to calculate resting metabolic rate according to fat - free or lean body mass levels .
See The Body Fat Guide to calculate your exact resting metabolic rate according to your lean body mass .
This calorie intake , and perhaps a few hundred additional calories depending on your activity level , is the minimum amount needed to maintain and replenish your muscle as body fat is burned off through physical activity , much as an athlete burns off body fat in training .
You never see serious athletes like Olympic champion Michael Phelps training while eating only 400 - 800 calories !
Athletes get lean by relying on exercise to burn fat while eating enough to maintain muscle .
Do n't expect optimal results from sitting around and " starving " yourself .
Dietitians suggest people increase their activity by 500 calories a day and cut their normal calorie intake by 500 calories .
Stated more precisely , burn off body fat by eliminating only the portion of your diet that would otherwise fuel your usual daily activity ( assuming it equals 500 calories ) , and burn off an additional 500 calories of body fat with additional activity , equivalent to 1 - 2 hours of normal walking for most people , depending on your bodyweight .
This leaves you enough food to maintain muscle while losing two pounds of body fat a week .
That 's a good deal that no quick - fix diet can match !
The Body Fat Guide will show you exactly how to do it .
Two pounds of body fat lost a week is only a suggestion , not dogma .
People have different activity levels and resting metabolic rates .
Once you understand and master dieting without muscle loss you can customize and accelerate your training for even greater results , provided you are willing to put in the work .
People often become motivated to work harder to achieve greater results , but they are held back by lacking the knowledge to do it properly .
For example , many people misunderstand the advice to exercise and cut their calorie intake by 500 calories .
Five - hundred calories is n't very much , and people may figure they can get better results by cutting 1,000 or more calories from their diet .
Sure enough , they begin to see their weight drop rapidly when they cutback by more than 500 calories , which reinforces their dieting behavior .
But they do n't understand that the suggestion to cut their diet by 500 calories only applies to calories burned from normal activity ; it does n't apply to the calories needed to maintain their resting metabolic rate and muscle mass .
Their rapid weight loss is mainly muscle .
When dietitians warn that severe dieting slows down your metabolism and reduces fat loss , what they really mean is that muscle loss on a severe diet reduces your resting metabolic rate .
In the meantime , fat loss continues as your body becomes flabbier with loose skin .
Loose skin from dieting is not a matter of how fast or slow you lose bodyweight it's a matter of whether you provide sufficient calories to avoid or replenish depleted muscle .
Periodically replenishing depleted lean body mass with controlled , small increases in your calorie intake is how you avoid an overall net loss of muscle during or after dieting .
Because a muscle 's volume consists of 70 % fluid , muscle usually begins to replenish very rapidly as soon as you begin to increase your calorie intake back
Canadian officials travel to Guadalajara , Mexico this week to resume negotiations on the still - secret Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement .
The discussion is likely to turn to the prospect of supporting three - strikes and you 're out systems that could result in thousands of people losing access to the Internet based on three allegations of copyright infringement .
Canada 's Most Secret Treaty read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
Leaked ACTA documents indicate that encouraging the adoption of three - strikes -- often euphemistically described as " graduated response " for the way Internet providers gradually send increasingly threatening warnings to subscribers -- has been proposed for possible inclusion in the treaty .
While supporters claim that three - strikes is garnering increasing international acceptance , the truth is implementation in many countries is a mixed bag .
Countries such as Germany and Spain have rejected it , acknowledging criticisms that loss of Internet access for up to a year for an entire household is a disproportionate punishment for unproven , non-commercial infringement .
Three strikes and a stumble
Those countries that have ventured forward have faced formidable barriers .
New Zealand withdrew a three - strikes proposal in the face of public protests ( a much watered - down version was floated at the end of last year ) , the UK 's proposal has been hit with hundreds of proposed amendments at the House of Lords , and France 's adventure with three - strikes has included initial defeat in the French National Assembly , a Constitutional Court ruling that the plan was unconstitutional , and delayed implementation due to privacy concerns from the country 's data protection commissioner .
Much of the three - strikes debate has focused on its impact on Internet users , yet the price of establishing such systems have scarcely been discussed .
That may be changing due to the UK government 's own estimates on the likely costs borne by Internet providers and taxpayers in establishing and maintaining a three - strikes system .
Initial government estimates peg the expense to Internet providers alone at as much as 500 million pounds ( C$ 850 million ) over ten years .
This includes the costs of identifying subscribers , notifying them of alleged infringements , running call centres to answer questions , and investing in new equipment to manage the system .
As a result , the UK government estimates that 40,000 people could lose Internet access due to anticipated increases in subscriber fees .
Small Internet providers at risk
The UK recording industry has challenged these numbers , but there is reason to believe they understate the actual economic impact .
The UK estimates focus exclusively on the Internet provider costs , but provide no accounting for actual enforcement of the system .
When court and regulatory costs are factored into the equation , the taxpayer burden runs into the hundreds of millions .
Moreover , the UK estimates are consistent with a 2006 Industry Canada commissioned study on the costs of Internet provider notification schemes .
The study concluded that the cost of a single notification was $ 11.73 for larger Internet providers ( over 100,000 subscribers ) and $ 32.73 for smaller Internet providers .
Considering the sheer number of notifications -- last summer Bell Canada acknowledged receiving 15,000 notifications each month -- the costs quickly run into the millions of dollars .
The disparate impact between big and small Internet providers highlights another hidden cost of three - strikes systems -- the negative effect on the competitive landscape for Internet services .
The UK estimates that the costs on small Internet providers are so great that consideration should be given to exempting them entirely , since the additional burden would result in decreased competition .
The same report identifies the disproportionate harm to wireless carriers , who would face massive capital costs and be placed at a competitive disadvantage .
Reducing Internet provider competition and increasing consumer costs runs directly counter to Industry Minister Tony Clement 's commitment to improving the Canadian competitive environment for wireless and Internet services .
Yet the ACTA talks seemingly move in that direction , potentially leading to massive global costs for an unproven system that could lead thousands to conclude they can no longer afford access to the Internet .
GEORGE FITZHUGH , SUI GENERI C. Vann Woodward
Baltimore , 1959
If social theories regularly shared the fate of the social systems in which they were born , the history of thought would be a thin and impoverished thing of purely contemporary dimensions .
The theories of George Fitzhugh came very near suffering the fate that befell the social order and institutions he defended .
It was not merely that he was the spokesman of a cause that was overwhelmed in military disaster and an order that was leveled by revolutionary action .
Nor was it simply that he was the outspoken champion of the discredited , despised , and abolished institution of Negro slavery .
More important than the fall of the old order in explaining the eclipse of Fitzhugh was the sensational , if temporary , triumph of the system he opposed , a triumph that followed hard upon the collapse of the order he championed .
The fact was that the very aspects of " free society " that Fitzhugh most fiercely attacked , the aspects he repeatedly prophesied would spell the doom and downfall of that system , were the features that flourished most exuberantly in the decades following Appomattox .
These features were an economy of laissez faire capitalism , an ethic of social Darwinism , and a rationalistic individualism of a highly competitive and atomized sort .
Even part of his beloved South joined in the pursuit of these heresies .
It is little wonder that one writer could ask , " But who in America would be reading Fitzhugh in twenty years ? "
The question was intended to be rhetorical and the answer was , of course , " Nobody . "
In the America of the post - Civil War period , admittedly , it is impossible to imagine a more completely irrelevant and thoroughly neglected thinker than George Fitzhugh .
The lapse of a century , however , has altered the perspective from which earlier generations assessed the significance of Fitzhugh 's thought .
The triumph of a highly individualistic society no longer seems as permanent in this country as it once did ; nor does the disappearance of all forms of slavery before the advance of progress seem inevitable in the rest of the world .
The current of history has changed again .
Millions of the world 's population are seeking security , abandoning freedom , and finding masters .
It is not the sort of socialism that Fitzhugh advocated , nor the slavery he defended , but another type of system that he feared which is fulfilling his prophesies .
Even in those societies where socialism is abhorred , mass production , mass organization , and mass culture render his insights more meaningful than they ever were in the old order of individualism .
It was Fitzhugh 's constant complaint that his contemporary opponents rejected his theory out of hand without evaluation or understanding .
He would have been more crushed by the total neglect of posterity , even in the South , until quite recently .
For an intellectual tradition that stands in desperate need of contrast and suffers from uniformity — albeit virtuous liberal uniformity — this oversight is unfortunate .
Granting his wicked excesses and sly European importations , Fitzhugh could at least furnish contrast .
The distance between Fitzhugh and Jefferson renders the conventional polarities between Jefferson and Hamilton , Jackson and Clay , or Hoover and Roosevelt — all liberals under the skin — insignificant indeed .
When compared with Fitzhugh , even John Taylor of Caroline , John Randolph of Roanoke , and John C. Calhoun blend inconspicuously into the great American consensus , since they were all apostles in some degree of John Locke .
With such a wealth of sterling and illustrious examples of the Lockean liberal consensus , from Benjamin Franklin to Abraham Lincoln and on down , surely a small niche could be found in our national Pantheon for one minor worthy who deviated all down the line .
For Fitzhugh frankly preferred Sir Robert Filmer and most of his works to John Locke and all his .
He saw retrogression in what others hailed as progress , embraced moral pessimism in place of optimism , trusted intuition in preference to reason , always preferred inequality to equality , aristocracy to democracy , and almost anything — including slavery and socialism — to laissez faire capitalism .
Whatever his shortcomings , George Fitzhugh could never , never be accused of advocating the middle way .
Granting all his doctrine to be quite un -American , one might still ask that Fitzhugh 's thought be re-examined , if only for the sharp relief in which it throws the habitual lineaments of the American mind .
Louis Hartz , who applauds America 's rejection of Fitzhugh , has deplored the prevailing indifference to what he calls " The Reactionary Enlightenment " of the Southern conservatives .
" For this was the great imaginative moment in American political thought , " he writes , " the moment when America almost got out of itself , as it were , and looked with some objectivity on the liberal formula it has known since birth . "
While in his opinion the movement ran to fantasy , extravagance , and false identifications , he calls it " one of the great and creative episodes in the history of American thought , " and its protagonists " the only Western conservatives America has ever had . "
1
Hartz is quite justified in placing Fitzhugh near the center and in the forefront of the Reactionary Enlightenment .
He goes further to pronounce him " a ruthless and iconoclastic reasoner , " " the most logical reactionary in the South , " and to attribute to him " a touch of the Hobbesian lucidity of mind . "
He is on more doubtful ground when he pronounces the Virginian a " more impressive thinker " than the great Carolinian , John C. Calhoun , but he qualifies his praise with numerous charges of inconsistency , irresponsibility , and even insincerity .
In commenting upon the South 's shift from the liberal doctrine of the Revolution to ante bellum conservatism , Hartz writes : " Fitzhugh substituted for the social blindness of Jefferson a hopeless exaggeration of the truth .
The South exchanged a superficial thinker for a mad genius . " 2
I would not agree fully with either the praise or the indictment implied , but would cordially endorse the demand for serious attention to a neglected and provocative thinker .
It would be misleading , however , to leave the impression that George Fitzhugh was typical of the Southern thinkers of his period or representative of the pro-slavery thought or of agrarian thought .
Fitzhugh was not typical of anything .
Fitzhugh was an individual — sui generis .
There is scarcely a tag or a generalization or a cliche normally associated with the Old South that would fit him without qualification .
Fitzhugh 's dissent usually arose out of his devotion to logic rather than out of sheer love of the perverse , but evidence warrants a suspicion that he took a mischievous delight in his perversity and his ability to shock .
He once wrote teasingly to his friend George Frederick Holmes , referring to his Sociology for the South , " It sells the better because it is odd , eccentric , extravagant , and disorderly . "
3
He was always a great one for kicking over the traces , denying the obvious , and taking a stand on his own .
For one thing , Fitzhugh was decidedly not an agrarian , for in his opinion " the wit of man can devise no means so effectual to impoverish a country as exclusive agriculture . "
Manufacturing and commerce were the road to wealth .
" Farming is the recreation of great men , the proper pursuit of dull men . " 4
As for that sacred Southern dogma of free trade , it was a snare and a delusion , another fraud perpetrated by the Manchester heresy , to be avoided at all costs .
5
Those who dismiss Fitzhugh and his friends as bemused romantics enamored of feudalism will have to reckon with the Virginian 's praise of Cervantes , who " ridded the world of the useless rubbish of the Middle Ages , by the ridicule so successfully attached to it . " 6
And those who identify the pro-slavery argument with a poisonous racism will have to take into account Fitzhugh 's rejection of it .
He deplored " the hatred of race " and anything that " cuts off the negro from human brotherhood , " " because it is at war with scripture , which teaches that the whole human race descended from a common parentage ; and , secondly , because it encourages and encites brutal masters to treat negroes , not as weak , ignorant and dependent brethren , but as wicked beasts , without the pale of humanity . "
7
Apart from his ideas , Fitzhugh had traits of personality and character that discourage classifying him with any type .
In many ways he was the antithesis of the fierce - eyed , grim - faced polemicist who stares out from the picture galleries of the 1850's , whether in the wing for Southern fire - eaters or the wing for abolitionists .
Fanaticism is not compatible with a temperament that selects Falstaff and Sancho Panza as favorite characters of fiction .
He made much of his remote family connection with the prominent abolitionist leaders Gerrit Smith and James G. Birney , and his acquaintance with other abolitionists .
He sought them out , cultivated them .
" We have an inveterate and perverse penchant of finding out good qualities in bad fellows , " he wrote .
" Robespierre and Milton 's Satan are our particular friends . " 8
There was none of the suspicious recluse in him .
" We admire them all , and have had kindly intercourse and correspondence with some of them , " he said of the abolitionists .
He referred often to his debate with Wendell Phillips and to the " generous reception and treatment we received , especially from leading abolitionists , when we went north to personate Satan by defending Slavery . " 9
Even after the war , when his world was in ruins , his home part of a battlefield , and his enemies were plotting more mischief , he could write in the old vein : " Love is a pleasanter passion than hate , and we have been hating so intensely for the last six years , that we are now looking about for something to love .
. . .
We are resolved to hate no one , and to quarrel with no one .
No , not even with Thad .
Stevens and his men .
" 10 If candor and magnanimity could disarm hostile critics , Fitzhugh was well endowed .
George Fitzhugh was born in Prince William County , Virginia , on the Northern Neck between the Potomac and the Rappahannock Rivers on November 4 , 1806 .
He sprang from a numerous family that included men of large landed property and prominence in the history of Virginia .
He was descended from William Fitzhugh , " a fair classical scholar , a learned , able , and industrious lawyer , a high tory , high Churchman , " who came to the colony in 1671 as land agent for Lord Fairfax .
George Fitzhugh 's father , a doctor and small planter , did not prosper , and the paternal estate passed out of family hands shortly after his death in 1829 .
That year , however , the son improved his lot somewhat by marrying Mary Brockenbrough of Port Royal , Caroline County , and promptly moving into his wife 's home .
This was described later by an unsympathetic neighbor as a " rickety old mansion , situated on the fag - end of a once noble estate .
"
11
Like the mansion , the village of Port Royal had seen better days , but it was prettily seated on the banks of the Rappahannock , and Fitzhugh became devoted to the village and its few citizens .
Its most distinguished citizen , the great Jeffersonian intellectual , John Taylor of Caroline , had died five years before young Fitzhugh moved to Port Royal .
It is not known whether Fitzhugh ever met Taylor , but he did have several of the famous agrarian 's books in his library and their influence may be detected in his own works .
He acquired several slaves through his marriage , practiced law in a desultory way , and fathered a family of nine children .
12 He was a confirmed homebody .
" Love and veneration for the family is with us not only a principle , but probably a prejudice and a weakness .
We were never two weeks at a time from under the family roof , until we had passed middle life , and now that our years almost number half a century , we have never been from home for an interval of two months .
" 13 His one visit in the North came in 1855 , when he visited Gerrit Smith in Peterboro , New York , and debated Wendell Phillips in New Haven .
In formal education , Fitzhugh never progressed beyond the old field school .
His learning in the law he picked up on his own .
His real education came of his independent , undirected , unsystematic , but wide reading .
" We are no regular built scholar — have pursued no ' royal road to mathematics , ' nor to anything else , " he confessed .
" We have by observation and desultory reading , picked up our information by the wayside , and endeavored to arrange , generalize , and digest it for ourselves .
" 14 Unlike many defenders of the South , he took pains to read the opposition .
" We have whole files of infidel and abolition papers , like the Tribune , the Liberator and Investigator , " he reported .
" Fanny Wright , the Devil 's Pulpit and the Devil 's Parson , Tom Paine , Owen , Voltaire , et id genus omne , are our daily companions .
" 15 He also read some of the British economists , as well as a few of the English and Continental socialists .
In the main , however , he relied upon conservative British journals to keep him abreast of current thought and literature , periodicals such as the Edinburgh Review , the Westminster Review , Blackwoods Magazine , and the North British Review .
More in keeping with his station and his time were his love of the Latin classics and his habit of quoting from them .
Of all his contemporaries , Thomas Carlyle seems to have made the most profound impression upon Fitzhugh .
The Scot was then at the height of his popularity , and his Virginia admirer quoted him often and with relish , especially his diatribes against the cant of philanthropists and his Olympian thunder against the " Dismal Science , " its professors , and their miserable " laws of the shop - till . "
Carlyle 's essay , " The Present Age , " furnished the text and suggested both title and subtitle of Cannibals All !
16 Carlyle 's attack upon the British abolitionists and West Indian emancipation was naturally grist for the pro-slavery propaganda mill , but Fitzhugh was interested in the broader implication of Carlylean doctrine , particularly his diatribes against the " Mammonism " of the industrialists and the wickedness of Manchester economics .
The Virginian identified himself willingly with Young England , Disraeli , and Tory socialism .
Fitzhugh 's activity in politics was only local , and he never stood for elective office .
He was acquainted with a number of Virginia politicians , however , and managed to ingratiate himself with President Buchanan , who appointed him law clerk in the office of the Attorney - General .
His literary apprenticeship , late in starting , was served first as a writer for the Federalsburg Democratic Record , 1849 - 1851 , and later as editorial writer for the Richmond Examiner in 1854 - 1856 and for the Richmond Enquirer in 1855 - 1857 .
His most significant journalistic writing was for De Bow 's Review , edited by the fiery champion of the South , James D. B. De Bow of New Orleans .
According to the reckoning of Harvey Wish , Fitzhugh published " well over a hundred articles " in that journal between 1855 and 1867 .
He also placed occasional essays in the Southern Literary Messenger of Richmond , and after the war in Lippincott 's Magazine of Philadelphia and the Southern Magazine of Baltimore . "
17
The political crises of Europe and America in 1848 and 1849& appear to have stimulated Fitzhugh 's first independent publications , two pamphlets that appeared in Richmond in 1850 and 1851 and were later reprinted as an appendix to Sociology for the South .
In the first and more important of them , Slavery Justified , he announced several themes that he was to repeat and elaborate in later works .
" Liberty and equality , " he declared in his opening sentence , " are new things under the sun . "
France and the Northern states of the union , the only parts of the world that had given the combination an extensive trial , had proved the experiment was " self - destructive and impracticable " and had " already failed . "
The evidence of failure was the social distress , economic suffering , and political revolt in both countries .
" How can it be otherwise , " he asked , " when all society is combined to oppress the poor and weak minded ? "
Since " ' Every man for himself , and devil take the hindmost ' is the moral which liberty and free competition inculcate , " and since " half of mankind are but grown - up children " it was apparent that " liberty is as fatal to them as it would be to children . "
What the weak needed was protection , that is , masters , and so they turned to socialism and communism .
Plantation slavery of the South was " the beau ideal of Communism ; it is a joint concern , in which the slave consumes more than the master , . . . is far happier . . . is always sure of a support . . . and is as happy as a human being can be . "
To call free labor " wage slavery " as the socialists did was " a gross libel on slavery , " for the condition of free labor was " worse than slavery . "
The wage system was a contradiction of human needs .
" Wages are given in time of vigorous health and strength , and denied when most needed , when sickness or old age has overtaken us .
The slave is never without a master to maintain him . "
The consequence was that " At the slaveholding South all is peace , quiet , plenty and contentment .
We have no mobs , no trades unions , no strikes for higher wages , no armed resistance to the law , but little jealousy of the rich by the poor .
We have but few in our jails , and fewer in our poor houses .
" 18
The one cloud in this otherwise idyllic picture of Southern felicity was the free Negro , the few hundred thousand of their race who were deprived of the protection and security of slavery .
Their miserable condition was proof of the curse that freedom would prove to their race : another experiment in liberty that ended in failure .
The free Negroes of the North were " an intolerable nuisance , " and resentment against them there had provoked stringent discriminatory laws and proscription .
The answer to the question that formed the title of his second pamphlet , What Shall be Done tvith the Free Negroes ? , was , return them to slavery .
The Negro was fitted only for that status .
" We have fully and fairly tried the experiment of freeing him . . . and it is now our right and our duty , to listen to the voice of wisdom and experience , and re-consign him to the only condition for which he is suited " 19
For all his professed love of learning and devotion to logic , Fitzhugh was a propagandist and not infrequently displayed the tactics of that craft , as well as an occasional sample of its disingenuousness .
He excused the irregularity of his warfare on the ground that it was necessitated by the nature of his adversaries .
" They are divided into hundreds of little guerrilla bands of Isms , " he said , " each having its peculiar partisan tactics , and we are compelled to vary our mode of attack from regular cannonade to bushfighting , to suit the occasion . "
And so he did , shifting his ground , masking his batteries , and resorting to a variety of tricks to confuse his opponents .
He deliberately adopted a style , he said , " in which facts , and argument , and rhetoric , and wit , and sarcasm , succeed each other with rapid iteration .
" 20 More serious was the damaging admission he made in a personal letter to his friend Professor Holmes in 1855 .
" I assure you , Sir , " he wrote , " I see great evils in slavery , but in a controversial work I ought not to admit them . "
21
Fitzhugh 's first book , published in 1854 , was also the first published in America bearing the new word " sociology " in its title .
22 Sociology for the South , or the Failure of Free Society opened with an aggressive assault upon Adam Smith , laissez faire , and all the political economists who advanced the proposition that social well - being was " best prompted by each man 's eagerly pursuing his own selfish welfare unfettered and unrestricted by legal regulations , or governmental prohibitions .
. . . "
He pronounced that philosophy " false and rotten to the core . "
Such a system not only opened the way for the rich and strong to exploit the poor and weak individuals , but under the guise of " free trade " it paved the way to empire by enabling the industrial and commercial economies to exploit countries with agricultural economies .
" Thus is Ireland robbed of her very life 's blood , and thus do our Northern states rob the Southern .
"
28
The remedy for these ills was not less government but more government .
" Government may do too much for the people , or it may do too little , " he thought .
" We have committed the latter error . " 24 Like his contemporary , Henry C. Carey of Philadelphia , Fitzhugh advocated a system of vigorous government participation in economic development , but he urged it upon Virginia and the Southern states as a solution to their problems .
Both his economic and social aims and his means of attaining them were departures from the Jeffersonian tradition .
He stressed the social values of manufacturing and commerce and the need for the growth of cities in the South to foster these arts .
Government should be employed vigorously for planning and promoting schemes of internal improvements , developing financial and marketing facilities , and fostering transportation , particularly the building of railroads .
" Our system of improvements , manufactures , the mechanic arts , the building up of our cities , commerce , and education should go hand in hand . "
Above all it was important to provide public education .
" Poor [ white ] people can see things as well as rich people .
We can't hide the facts from them .
. . .
The path of safety is the path of duty !
Educate the people , no matter what it may cost ! " 25
After disposing of the classical economists to his satisfaction , Fitzhugh turned to the socialists .
He was concerned here mainly with English and French socialists , and he treated them with a great deal more respect than he had Adam Smith and the classical economists .
Few realized , he wrote " how much of truth , justice and good sense , there is in the notions of the Communists , as to the community of property . "
They fully acknowledged the obligations of society to the weak and the propertyless and exhibited a sense of responsibility and morality that was foreign to the capitalistic economists .
Socialism was , after all , only " the new fashionable name for slavery . "
If classical economics was " the science of free society , " he would pronounce socialism " the science of slavery . "
Slavery 's only quarrel with socialism was the refusal of the latter to acknowledge fully the failure of free society and its futile attempt to build upon institutions and ideas of a discredited order .
" We slaveholders say you must recur to domestic slavery , " he insisted , " the best and most common form of Socialism .
The new schools of Socialism promise something better , but admit , to obtain that something , they must first destroy and eradicate man 's human nature .
" 26 In that the socialists shared the fallacies of the philosophers who founded free society .
The trouble started with John Locke and the Enlightenment of the eighteenth century .
" The human mind became extremely presumptuous " in that era , he wrote , " and undertook to form governments on exact philosophical principles , just as men make clocks , watches or mills .
They confounded the moral with the physical world , and this was not strange , because they had begun to doubt whether there was any other than a physical world . "
Under their spell , Jefferson and a few misguided patriots embellished an otherwise healthy colonial rebellion with the abstractions of the Declaration of Independence and the Virginia Bill of Rights .
These principles were " wholly at war with slavery " and , " equally at war with all government , all subordination , all order , " in fact .
" Men 's minds were heated and blinded when they were written , as well by patriotic zeal , as by a false philosophy , which , beginning with Locke , in a refined materialism , had ripened on the Continent into open infidelity . "
For a long time these abstractions were a dead letter , had little effect , and did little harm , since inherited English institutions continued with little change .
" Those institutions were the growth and accretions of many ages , " he pointed out , " not the work of legislating philosophers . "
But now that the abolitionists were inflamed with these notions , Locke and Jefferson should be firmly refuted and repudiated .
27
Fitzhugh opened up on the " self - evident truths " and " inalienable rights " with the zeal of an iconoclast .
What was really self - evident was that " men are not born physically , morally , or intellectually equal , " and that " their natural inequalities beget inequalities of rights . "
" It would be far nearer the truth to say , ' that some were born with saddles on their backs , and others booted and spurred to ride them , ' — and the riding does them good . "
The ideal of equality was not only false but immoral .
" If all men had been created equal , all would have been competitors , rivals , and enemies . "
Nature had a better plan .
" Subordination , difference of caste and classes , difference of sex , age , and slavery beget peace and good will . "
Life and liberty were obviously not " inalienable " since " they have been sold in all countries , and in all ages , and must be sold so long as human nature lasts . "
28 His distant kinsman , George Mason , author of the Virginia Bill of Rights , had carried self - deception to the point of solemnly forbidding " such harmless baubles as titles of nobility and coats of arms , " and this in the face of " the right secured by law to hold five hundred subjects , or negro slaves , and ten thousand acres of land , to the exclusion of everybody else . . . an exclusive hereditary privilege far transcending any held by the nobility of Europe . . . . "
This was arrant hypocrisy .
" We have the things , exclusive hereditary privileges and aristocracy , amongst us , in utmost intensity ; let us not be frightened at the names . . . " 29
Fitzhugh did not place his faith in paper institutions — declarations , bills of rights , or even written constitutions — but in organic , flesh - and - blood institutions :
State governments , and senators , and representatives , and militia , and cities , and churches , and colleges , and universities , and landed property , are institutions .
Things of flesh and blood , that know their rights , ' and knowing dare maintain them . '
We should cherish them .
They will give permanence to government , and security to State Rights .
But the abstract doctrines of nullification and secession , the general principles laid down in the Declaration of Independence , the Bill of Rights , and Constitution of the United States , afford no protection of rights , no valid limitations of power , no security to State Rights .
The power to construe them , is the power to nullify them.30
Encouraged by the reception of his Sociology in " the confidence that we address a public predisposed to approve our doctrine , however bold or novel , " 32 Fitzhugh plunged into the most productive period of his life .
Between 1854 and 1857 he was not only writing editorials for the Richmond Examiner and Richmond Enquirer and articles for De Bow 's Review , but he was also at work on his major book , Cannibals All ! or , Slaves Without Masters , published in Richmond in 1857 .
If he considered the Sociology " bold " and " novel , " he undoubtedly thought of its successor as still bolder and even more novel .
The very title , Cannibals All !
proclaimed the moral relativism with which he proposed to affront conventional American values .
He realized at the outset , he said , that " our analysis of human nature and human pursuits is too dark and sombre to meet with ready acceptance .
"
33 Nothing daunted , he set out to perform a sort of Nietzschean transvaluation of American values , a subversion of the national faith in progress and the goodness of human nature , as well as the characteristic addiction to liberalism , optimism , and respectability .
" But if you would cherish self - conceit , self - esteem , or self - appreciation , " he warned , " throw down our book ; for we will dispel illusions which have promoted your happiness , and show you that what you have considered and practiced as virtue is little better than moral Cannibalism . "
In the Virginian 's inverted hierarchy of values , freedom was slavery and slavery freedom , respectability was criminal and crime respectable .
His premise was that " all good and respectable people are ' Cannibals all , ' who do not labor , or who are successfully trying to live without labor , on the unrequited labor of other people : — Whilst low , bad , and disreputable people , are those who labor to support themselves , and to support said respectable people besides . "
34
Fitzhugh was saying what Thorstein Veblen unconsciously paraphrased nearly half a century later : " Those employments which are to be classed as exploit are worthy , honorable , noble ; other employments , which do not contain this element of exploit , and especially those which imply subservience or submission , are unworthy , debasing , ignoble .
"
35 Like Veblen , the Virginia sociologist accounted reputability proportional to guile : " The more scalps we can show , the more honored we are . "
But unlike him , Fitzhugh made no pretense of detachment and moral neutrality .
" You are a Cannibal ! " he charged , " and if a successful one , pride yourself on the number of your victims , quite as much as any Fiji chieftain , who breakfasts , dines and sups on human flesh .
"
36
Fundamental to his critique of free society and his defense of slavery was an extreme form of the labor theory of value , which he had absorbed , he said , from the socialists .
" My chief aim , " he wrote in his Preface , " has been to show , that Labor makes values , and Wit exploitates and accumulates them ; and hence to deduce the conclusion that the unrestricted exploitation of so - called free society , is more oppressive to the laborer than domestic slavery .
"
37 His attack was directed at the moral complacency and assumption of superiority in the North .
" We are , all , North and South , engaged in the White Slave Trade , " he insisted , " and he who succeeds best , is esteemed most respectable .
It is far more cruel than the Black Slave Trade , because it exacts more of its slaves , and neither protects nor governs them . "
Proof of it lay in the admittedly greater profitability of free labor , which to Fitzhugh only meant that the employer of free labor retained more and gave labor less of the value created than did the owner of slave labor .
" You , with the command over labor which your capital gives you , are a slave owner — a master , without the obligations of a master .
They who work for you , who create your income , are slaves , without the rights of slaves .
Slaves without a master ! "
In his opinion the masters of free labor " live in ten times the luxury and show that Southern masters do , " while " Free laborers have not a thousandth part of the rights and liberties of negro slaves . "
On the other hand , " The negro slaves of the South are the happiest , and , in some sense , the freest people in the world .
"
38
In Fitzhugh 's philosophy the idea of progress was a modern delusion .
Modern history , in fact , was a record not of progress but of retrogression .
He advanced the theory in his Sociology that " the world has not improved in the last two thousand , probably four thousand years , in the science or practice of medicine , or agriculture , " and that it had actually been " retrograding in all else save the physical sciences and the mechanic arts .
. . .
It is idle to talk of progress , when we look two thousand years back for models of perfection .
" 39 Bourgeois criteria were " purely utilitarian and material , " typified by the sentiments and philosophy of Benjamin Franklin , which were " low , selfish , atheistic and material . "
Acceptance of these criteria tended " to make man a mere ' featherless biped ; ' well - fed , well - clothed and comfortable , but regardless of his soul as ' the beasts that perish . '"
40
In Cannibals All !
he repeated his attack on the idea of progress and elaborated his theory of retrogression in the arts , but to this he added a rejection of the Whiggish interpretation of history .
He grounded his critique on something rather similar to the Marxian dialectic of class struggle .
His writing by this time reveals acquaintance with Marx 's Communist Manifesto , and he interpreted each political upheaval in terms of material advantages or disadvantages accruing to conflicting social classes .
The theory advanced in William Blackstone 's Commentaries that the appearance of the House of Commons near the reign of Henry III " was the dawn of approaching liberty , " he rejected out of hand .
" We contend that it was the origin of the capitalist and moneyed interest government , destined finally to swallow up all other powers in the State , and to bring about the most selfish , exacting and unfeeling class despotism . "
The emancipation of the serfs was not " another advance towards equality of rights and conditions , " as Blackstone claimed , because " it aggravated inequality of conditions , and divested the liberated class of every valuable , social , and political right . "
Blackstone was also wrong in holding that the Reformation " increased the liberties of the subject , " for " in destroying the noblest charity fund in the world , the church lands , and abolishing a priesthood , the efficient and zealous friends of the poor , the Reformation tended to diminish the liberty of the mass of the people , and to impair their moral , social and physical well - being . "
41
In leveling his sights on the Glorious Revolution of 1688 , Fitzhugh was striking close to the philosophical underpinnings of the American Revolution .
His interpretation of the events of 1688 was similar to that later advanced by Marx .
Far from " the consummation or perfection of British liberty " usually pictured , the Glorious Revolution in Fitzhugh 's view was " a marked epoch in the steady decay of British liberty . "
What really happened was that the powers of the house of Commons were increased at the cost of prerogatives of the Crown , the Church , and the nobility , " the natural friends , allies , and guardians of the laboring class . "
The settlement and the subsequent chartering of the Bank of England " united the landed and moneyed interests , placed all the powers of government in their hands , and deprived the great laboring class of every valuable right and liberty .
The nobility , the church , the king were now powerless ; and the mass of people , wholly unrepresented in the government , found themselves exposed to the grinding and pitiless despotism of their natural and hereditary enemies . "
The subsequent history of Britain was another story of " Slaves without Masters , " the degradation of the masses .
He quoted Charles Dickens as saying , " Beneath all this , is a heaving mass of poverty , ignorance and crime . "
Those who persisted in describing this sad decline as " progress " were afflicted with a wilful blindness .
42
It is of possible significance that upon the title pages of his two books , the subtitles , Failure of Free Society and Slaves Without Masters , are printed in larger type than the main titles .
At any rate the disparity suggests the predominance of attack over defense in the author 's polemics .
In both works the great bulk of space is given over to the shortcomings and failing of free society .
The ferocity of Fitzhugh 's indictment of the capitalist economy surpasses that of John Taylor at the beginning of the century and the Southern Populists toward its close , and is equaled only by the severity of the socialist attack .
He could snarl at " this vampire capitalist class " as bitterly as any socialist .
In fact Fitzhugh exploited and quoted extensively from many of the sources that Karl Marx used ten years later in the first volume of Capital to marshal evidence of the inhumanity of British industrial capitalism .
Prominent among these sources were the reports of Parliamentary Commissions appointed to investigate conditions among coal , iron , and textile workers in the 1840's .
He also relied upon Tory reformers and British journals , particularly the Edinburgh Review , which he called " a grand repository of the ignorance , the crime , and sufferings of the workers in mines and factories . . . in fine , of the whole laboring class of England . "
43
It was perhaps the abundance of material at hand that caused Fitzhugh to concentrate mainly upon British rather than American conditions .
He made no more allowance than did Marx for the occasional exaggerations of reformers and spared his readers none of the horrors of the evidence .
One is treated to the full measure of misery in the Scottish coal pits with their sub - human child laborers from five to thirteen years of age , who did not see the light of day for weeks on end ; their naked men and " almost naked " women workers harnessed to coal carts and toiling twelve to fourteen hours a day .
There were the child calico - printers of Lancashire who were kept at their tasks for fourteen or sixteen consecutive hours and grew up with pipe - stemmed legs , pinched faces , and brutalized minds .
There were the metal workers of Wolverhampton " cruelly beaten with a horsewhip , strap , stick , hammer handle , file , or whatever tool is nearest at hand .
"
44 Was it any wonder , asked Fitzhugh , that an American abolitionist after intensive study of British labor conditions declared that " he would sooner subject his child to Southern slavery , than have him to be a free laborer of England .
"
45 If the degraded workers of England were to be enslaved , in fact , they would " by becoming property , become valuable and valued " and would be elevated from their present plight at least to the status of domestic animals .
46
In his attack upon free society in America , Fitzhugh borrowed freely from the tactics northern abolitionists employed in their propaganda against Southern slavery .
The criminology of the subject was employed as fair description of conditions , and the occasional instance of sadism and depravity presented as the prevailing practice .
Just as the abolitionists made effective use of quotations from Southerners and slave - holders upon the evils of the slave society , so Fitzhugh employed to the fullest the testimony of abolitionist reformers upon the failing of free society .
He described the testimony of " the actual leaders and faithful exponents of abolition " whom he quoted as " our trump card . "
Out of their own mouths he would prove " the inadequacy and injustice of the whole social and governmental organization of the North . "
Since many of the abolitionists were passionate critics of free society and entertained schemes for reform of the North as well as the South , each with his own panacea , Fitzhugh did not lack for live ammunition from their publications .
47
It was good propaganda to catalogue the desperate remedies and wild panaceas to which the breakdown of free society had driven the reformers , and Fitzhugh did so regularly : " Mr. Greeley 's Phalansteries , Mr. Andrews ' Free Love , Mr. Goodell 's Millennium and Mr. [ Gerrit ] Smith 's Agrarianism , " to say nothing of the multitudinous nostrums of Mr. Garrison , " King of the Abolitionists , Great Anarch of the North . " 48 Why all the remedies if there were no diseases in free society ?
Why have you Bloomer 's and Women 's Right 's men , and strong - minded women , and Mormons , and anti-renters , and " vote myself a farm " men , Millerites , and Spiritual Rappers , and Shakers , and Widow Wakemanites , and Agrarians , and Grahamites , and a thousand other superstitious and infidel Isms at the North ?
Why is there faith in nothing , speculation about everything ?
Why is this unsettled , half demented state of the human mind co-extensive in time and space , with free society ?
Why is Western Europe now starving ?
and why has it been fighting and starving for seventy years ?
Why all this , except that free society is a failure ?
Slave society needs no defence till some other permanently practicable form of society has been discovered .
Nobody at the North who reads my book will attempt to reply to it ; for all the learned abolitionists had unconsciously discovered and proclaimed the failure of free society long before I did.49
Fitzhugh 's books appeared at the height of the sectional controversy over slavery and the literary war it induced .
It is all the more difficult for that reason to assess their relative importance and distinguish their influence from that of the many other pro-slavery books of the period .
His Sociology profited much from the wholehearted endorsement and several notices it received from George Frederick Holmes , foremost reviewer in the South .
De Bow and other Southern editors gave it space and frequent notice , and the first printing of the book was almost sold out in a few months .
Fitzhugh complained of " the affectation of silent contempt " by the Northern press , and such attention as he got in that quarter was in the main hostile .
Among Southern writers who revealed the influence of the Sociology , whether admitted or not , Professor Wish mentions Edmund Ruffin ( who did acknowledge the impact of Fitzhugh 's " novel and profound views " ) , Albert Taylor Bledsoe , William J. Grayson , James D. B. De Bow , George D. Armstrong , and Thornton Stringfellow.51
The response to Cannibals All ! was also flattering in the South , though some of its critics in that quarter were troubled by its concession to socialism and by its carelessness and inconsistencies .
Even De
Bow thought the author " a little fond of paradoxes , a little inclined to run a theory into extremes , and a little impractical . "
But on the whole the Southern reception was enthusiastic .
The book , after all , marked an advance to " higher ground " in the Southern position at the climax of the sectional controversy .
It virtually ignored defensive tactics and concentrated upon aggressive strategy along radical anti-capitalist lines .
52
The legend of the satanic champion of evil from Port Royal had grown in anti-slavery circles since the appearance of his first book , and Cannibals All ! was received as the last word in diabolism .
William Lloyd Garrison , according to Professor Wish , gave it " considerably more attention than perhaps any other book in the history of the Liberator . "
Garrison quoted long passages from the book as horrible examples of the extremes to which " this cool audacious defender of the soul - crushing , blood - reeking system of slavery " could go as the spokesman of " the cradle - plunderers and slave - drivers at the South . "
Surely Cannibals All ! could be written down as the " gospel according to Beelzebub that is preached at the South . "
In another mood he called Fitzhugh " the Don Quixote of Slavedom — only still more demented " than the Knight of La Mancha .
" If he is not playing the part of a dissembler , he is certainly crack - brained , and deserves pity rather than ridicule or censure . "
But Garrison spared him neither censure nor ridicule : the Virginian was " demoniacal , " his writings " idiocy . "
Granted that Fitzhugh showed a certain ingenuity and cleverness in pointing out the failings of free society , these were as nothing compared to the abominations of slave society .
Granted the South might be free of " Isms " — so was despotic Russia .
53
Many of Fitzhugh 's more startling phrases and paradoxes , taken out of context , lent themselves admirably to quotation by Republicans or antislavery people for the purpose of discrediting the South or the Democrats .
The more extreme pronouncements of the Virginian were thereby represented erroneously not only as typical of his views , but also those of his party and his region .
Abraham Lincoln was a faithful reader of Fitzhugh 's articles and editorials in the Richmond Enquirer and cited them in his speeches during the years 1856 to 1859 as representative of the wicked purposes of Democrats and slaveholders .
He even went so far as to connive in planting one of the Enquirer articles in a pro-slavery paper of Springfield , which could then be quoted to the embarrassment of local Democrats .
54 William Hemdon , his law partner , bought a copy of Sociology for the South and reported that , " This book aroused the ire of Lincoln more than most pro-slavery books . "
If he read as far as page 94 in that work , Lincoln found this passage : " One set of ideas will govern and control after awhile the civilized world .
Slavery will every where be abolished , or every where be re-instituted . "
He could have found the same idea in different words in Cannibals All ! [ page 106 ] .
Actually , in replying to charges of Senator Stephen A. Douglas regarding the famous House Divided speech of 1858 , Lincoln said in a speech at Cincinnati , September 17 , 1859 : ' But neither I , nor Seward , nor [ Congressman John ]
Hickman is entitled to the enviable or unenviable distinction of having first expressed that idea .
The same idea was expressed by the Richmond ' Enquirer ' in Virginia , in 1856 , quite two years before it was expressed by the first of us . "
Lincoln mistakenly attributed the irrepressible conflict idea to Roger A. Pryor , editor of the paper , but the author of the unsigned editorial of May 6,1856 , to which he referred was really Fitzhugh .55
The strain of irresponsibility in his writings involves Fitzhugh in the guilt of his generation .
It is somewhat ironical , however , that the Virginian should have been associated in such a personal way with the origins of the irrepressible conflict and House Divided ideas , or that he should have sometimes been made a symbol of Southern intransigence and militant disunionism .
He actually deplored nullification , opposed secession till the last moment , and dreaded disunion .
In all probability , he no more desired a bloody showdown than did Lincoln .
The final words of Cannibals All !
were a friendly appeal to the abolitionists :
Extremes meet — and we and the leading Abolitionists differ but a hairbreadth .
. .
Add a Virginia overseer to Mr. Greeley 's Phalansteries , and Mr. Greeley and we would have little to quarrel about .
. . .
We want to be friends with them and with all the world ; and , as the curtain is falling , we conclude with the valedictory and invocation of the Roman actor — " Vos valete ! et plaudite ! "
In so far as the phrase is permissible at all , Fitzhugh was an American original .
For many reasons he rejected the political principles of the Enlightenment upon which Jefferson based his thought .
He found the economic determinism of Madison inadequate for his purposes , as well as the narrow capitalist - versus - agrarian dialectic of the other sage of Port Royal , John Taylor .
The parochialism of Calhoun appealed to him , but not the Carolinian 's legalistic constitutionalism , and most certainly not his heretical adaptation of Lockean theory .
Unlike his Southern predecessors and contemporaries , Fitzhugh 's approach was not political , or economic , or legalistic , but sociological and psychological — both with an antique flavor , and yet more attuned to the modern than to the eighteenth - or nineteenth - century mind .
His belated discovery of his intellectual obligations to the ancients is revealing of both his naivete and his originality .
He wrote Professor Holmes in 1855 :
I received from Mr. Appleton's , a week ago , Aristotle 's Politics and Economics .
I find I have not only adopted his theories , his arguments , and his illustrations , but his very words .
Society is a work of nature and grows .
Men are social like bees ; an isolated man is like a bird of prey .
Men and society are coeval .
. . .
Now , I find that , although Locke , Rousseau , Adam Smith , Jefferson , Macaulay , and Calhoun are against me , Aristotle , Carlyle , you , and all the leading minds of the day are with me .
. . .
I used to think I was a little paradoxical .
I now fear I am a mere retailer of truisms and common places .
57
There came a point , however , where Fitzhugh departed from the Aristotelian way .
While man was social , he was not rational .
He was , in fact , fundamentally irrational , guided not by reason but by instinct , custom , habit , and requiring tradition and religion and stable institutions to keep him in line .
Fitzhugh held and often expressed a profound skepticism of all atomistic and rationalistic theories of human nature and a strong aversion to rationalistic philosophers .
" Modern philosophy treats of men only as separate monads or individuals , " he complained .
59
His attitude was not that of anti-intellectualism , but he distrusted intellect that departed from experience and history and tradition and arrogantly spun lofty abstractions .
Especially did he distrust intellect fired by moral passion and conviction of self - righteousness .
" In fine , all of the greatest and darkest crimes of recorded history have been perpetrated by men ' terribly in earnest ' blindly attempting to fulfill , what they considered , some moral , political or religious duty . "
There had been too much of that type of intellect loosed upon mankind , he wrote after the war , too much in the South as well as the North.60
In renouncing Locke and rationalism and the Enlightenment , Fitzhugh had no notion of renouncing the heritage of the America Revolution — the true heritage , that is .
Not at all , he declared .
" All the bombastic absurdity in the Declaration of Independence about the inalienable rights of man , had about as much to do with the occasion as would a sermon or oration on the teething of a child or the kittening of a cat . . .
Our institutions , State and Federal , imported from England where they had grown up naturally and imperceptibly . . . would have lasted for many ages , had not thoughtless , half - informed , speculative men , like Jefferson , succeeded in basing them on such inflammable materials .
. . .
The Revolution of 76 was , in its action , an exceedingly natural and conservative affair ; it was only the false and unnecessary theories invoked to justify it that were radical , agrarian and anarchical . "
These were the theories of John Locke , " a presumptuous charlatan , who was as ignorant of the science or practice of government as any shoemaker or horse jockey . "
These theories had not inspired the Revolution of ' 76 , but by slow fuse had eventually touched off " the grandest explosion the world ever witnessed , " the Revolution of ' 61 .
" The French Revolutions of ' 89 , 1830 , and 1848 , were mere popguns compared to it ; as we all see and feel , for its stunning sound is still ringing in our ears . "
He wrote that in 1863 when , indeed , the stunning sound of revolution was deafening .
61
While Fitzhugh expressed distrust for any book on moral science less than four hundred years old , he made one significant exception , Sir Robert Filmer 's Patriarcha .
This was the work of the forgotten Kentish monarchist and conservative whom Locke had felt it necessary to belabor extensively in his Treatise .
Filmer 's stress upon the patriarchal family , rather than his defense of the divine right of monarchs , was what struck the deep responsive chord in Fitzhugh .
For the Virginian the family was everything , and society , government were but the family writ large — the authoritarian , patriarchal family .
Aristotle had taught him " that the family , including husband , wife , children , and slaves , is the first and most natural development of that social nature . "
It was the model of all institutions : " this family association , this patriarchal government . . . gradually merges into larger associations of men under a common government or ruler . "
It was the disproof of Locke , for " Fathers do not derive their authority , as heads of families , from the consent of wife and children . "
It was the justification of domestic slavery , for " besides wife and children , brothers and sisters , dogs , horses , birds and flowers — slaves also belong to the family circle , " and there they , like other weaker members , received the care , protection , and control they needed .
62
There is a possible clue in Fitzhugh 's thought to the provocative questions and indictments advanced by Louis Hartz in his treatment of the Reactionary Enlightenment .
Because Hartz finds " beneath the feudal and reactionary surface of Southern thought " nothing but slavery , he concludes that the massive structure of reaction was " a simple fraud " and that , " Fraud , alas , was the inevitable fate of Southern social thought . "
He goes on to say , " They exchanged a fraudulent liberalism for an even more fraudulent feudalism : they stopped being imperfect Lockes and became grossly imperfect Maistres .
This was the meaning of Fitzhugh 's ' great conservative reaction ' .
. . . "
Not only did their system not fit the American liberal formula , " the real trouble with it was that it did not fit any formula , any basic categories of Western social theory .
"
63
Fitzhugh did find a formula , and he did not go back to feudalism nor forward to Maistre for it — only back to the seventeenth century , to John Locke 's chosen antagonist , Sir Robert Filmer .
And in seventeenth - century Kent , as well as in Virginia of that and the two following centuries , as Peter Laslett has pointed out , the patriarchal family was a pretty " basic category . "
That was why Locke took Filmer seriously .
" Filmerism , " says this historian , " was above all things the exaltation of the family : it made the rules of domestic society into principles of political science .
"
64 The gentry of Kent were a close - knit community .
" The genealogical interrelationships between its members were extensive , complicated and meticulously observed by all of them : it is astonishing how distant a connexion qualified for the title ' cozen . '
The reason for this excessive consciousness of kinship was patriarchalism . "
65
This Kentish cousinage and its " excessive consciousness of kinship " extended across the Atlantic .
" By 1660 , " writes Laslett , " this group of interrelationships existed in two places in the world : in middle eastern Kent and in Virginia in the area of the James River .
This process , by which an English county society reproduced its names , its attitudes , its literary interests , even its field sports , in the swamps of the Virginia creeks , had begun with the foundation of the Virginia Company of London in 1606 .
. . .
The story of the early Virginian planters ' families illustrates the most important feature of the English gentry of the time — the immense strength of the family bond and the extraordinary cohesion of the grouping of families by locality .
There could be no more vivid illustration of patriarchalism at work .
" 66 As for the Kentish gentry , " The most characteristic thing they produced was the political thinking of Sir Robert Filmer and the most surprising was the society of the Old South in the United States .
"
67 In fact , the transplanted patriarchal offshoot outlasted the original : " the descendents of the Virginian planters , who became the slaveholders of the Southern States , were the heads of a classic type of patriarchal household , so that it survived until the middle of the nineteenth century even in such a rationalistic and egalitarian society as the U.S.A .
" 68 The English historian even suggests that the Southern branch had " lineaments even more strongly marked than in England , perhaps because there were then no towns of any consequence .
"
69
But what of the Revolutionary generation of the Virginia Enlightenment — the Masons , the Randolphs , the Jeffersons , the Madisons , the Washingtons — and their apparently firm commitment to the antithesis of Filmerism , to the Lockean principles of rationalistic individualism and its picture of an atomistic society ?
Whatever principles these gentry subscribed to in the 1770's and later , they were one and all patriarchs on their own — Thomas Jefferson included .
The anthropological , sociological , and political realities of Virginia society were those of the patriarchal family .
Those realities might better be understood in Filmerian than in Lockean terms .
And curiously enough , many of these Revolutionary Lockeans were blood relatives — remote " cozens " of Sir Robert himself .
" In Virginia the Filmers and the Filmer conections , " writes Laslett , " were associated with all the great families which finally gave to the thirteen colonies their Revolutionary leadership in the 1770's — the Washingtons , the Byrds , the Berkeleys , and the Randolphs and so the Jeffersons .
Whatever the subsequent literary and philosophical reputation of Sir Robert Filmer , he had been a great genealogical success .
" 70 Sir Robert was a family man in more ways than ideological .
It was not " simple fraud " that led George Fitzhugh to seize upon Filmer in his search for some ideological basis on which to construct his defense and his understanding of Virginia society , even in mid-nineteenth century .
As a sociologist he had got hold of some firm anthropological data .
It is rather more a wonder that the patriarchs of Revolutionary Virginia should have temporarily embraced Locke than that their sons should have returned to Filmer .
In an elaborate comparison , Fitzhugh identified the South and its heritage and tradition with Filmer , and the North and its tradition and heritage with Locke .
The English Tories , with whom he identified the South , " are conservative , for the most part , agreeing with Sir Robert Filmer " ; while the English Whigs " are progressive , rationalistic , radical , and agree with Locke in his absurd doctrines of human equality and the social contract . "
These were " the antinomes or opposing forces " in the mother country : Filmer versus Locke .
" The North and the South would pretty well supply the places , or act the part , of these forces in America . "
71
Fitzhugh 's home at Port Royal was shelled by Union troops during the war , while he and his family were refugees in Richmond .
After the war and for more than a year during the Johnsonian Reconstruction , he was employed , oddly enough , as an agent of the Freedmen 's Bureau and served with a Negro freedman as an associate judge of the Freedmen 's Court .
From this vantage point he viewed the Reconstruction drama and wrote about it philosophically , sometimes humorously , but rarely with any bitterness .
After the death of his wife in 1877 he moved to Kentucky to live with a son , and finally to Texas with an impoverished daughter .
There he died , nearly blind , in 1881 at the age of seventy - four .
In the many articles he published in De Bow 's Review after the war , Fitzhugh counseled the South to accept the new order , but he showed little disposition to retract any of his ante - bellum theories .
In 1867 he had the hardihood to reprint an article he had written in 1863 at the crest of the Confederate tide : " . . . we begin a great conservative reaction , " he had announced .
" We attempt to roll back the reformation in its political phases , for we saw every where in Europe and the North reformation running to excess , a universal spirit of destructiveness , a profane attempt to pull down what God and nature had built up and to erect ephemeral Utopia in its place .
"
72
In 1857 he had defiantly addressed to the abolitionists a boast of the security and confidence of the Old Regime : " Is our house tumbling about our heads , and we sitting in conscious security amidst the impending ruin ? " he asked .
" No ! No !
Our edifice is one that never did fall , and never will fall ; for Nature 's plastic hand reared it , supports it , and will forever sustain it .
" 73
So far as the record reveals , he never had the hardihood to reprint that , but as a philosopher he may have reflected upon it from time to time .
Notes
1. Louis Hartz , The Liberal Tradition in America ( New York , 1955 ) , pp. 147 , 176 .
2. Ibid. , pp. , 159 , 182 , 184 .
3. Fitzhugh to Holmes , April 11 , 1855 , quoted in Harvey Wish , George Fitzhugh , Propagandist of the Old South ( Baton Rouge , 1943 ) , pp. 126-127 .
4. George Fitzhugh , Sociology for the South , or The Failure of Free Society ( Richmond , 1854 ) , pp. 15 , 156 .
5. Ibid. , pp. 7-33 .
6. George Fitzhugh , Cannibals All ! or , Slaves Without Masters ( Richmond , 1857 ) , p. 132 [ all page references to Cannibals All ! are to the John Harvard Library edition ] .
7. Fitzhugh , Sociology , p. 95 , also p. 147 .
In 1861 , however , Fitzhugh became a convert to the theory of the innate inferiority of the Negro race .
Wish , Fitzhugh , pp 298-299 .
8. Fitzhugh , Cannibals All ! , p. 97 .
9. Ibid. , p. 86 .
10 . George Fitzhugh , " Thad .
Stevens 's Conscience — The Rump Parliament , " De Bow 's Review , After the War Series , II ( 1866 ) , 469-470 .
11 . Wish , Fitzhugh , pp. 1 -13 .
12 . Ibid. , pp. 14-18 .
13 . Fitzhugh , Cannibals All ! , p. 192 .
14 . Ibid. , p. 67 .
15 . Ibid. , p. 192 .
16 . Printed in Thomas Carlyle , Latter - Day Pamphlets ( London , 1850 ) .
See pp. 52 - 53 , 56 .
17 . Wish , Fitzhugh , pp. 343-344 .
18 . Fitzhugh , Slavery Justified — Liberty and Equality — Socialism — Young England — Domestic Slavery , reprinted in Appendix of Sociology for the South , pp. 226-258 .
19 . Reprinted , ibid. , pp. 259-306 .
20 . Fitzhugh , Cannibals All ! , p. 239 .
21 . Fitzhugh to Holmes , April 11 , 1855 , quoted in Wish , Fitzhugh , p. 111 .
22 . Henry Hughes of Mississippi published A Treatise on Sociology ( Philadelphia , 1854 ) the same year .
23 . Fitzhugh , Sociology , pp. 11 - 14 ; see also p. 133 .
24 . Ibid. , p. 145 .
25 . Ibid. , pp. 144-148 ; see also p. 153 .
26 . Ibid. , pp. 42 , 47 , 61 , 72 .
27 . Ibid. , pp. 175-177 .
28 . Ibid. , pp. 177-183 .
29 . Ibid. , pp. 184 , 190-191 .
30 . Ibid. , pp. 188-189 .
31 . Ibid. , pp. 183,187 .
32 . Fitzhugh , Cannibals All ! , p. 7 .
33 . Ibid. , p. 35 .
34 . Ibid. , p. 16 .
35 . Thorstein Veblen , The Theory of the Leisure Class , An Economic Study in the Evolution of Institutions ( New York , 1899 ) , p. 15 .
36 . Fitzhugh , Cannibals All ! pp. 39 , 17 .
37 . Ibid. , p. 5 .
38 . Ibid. , pp. 15 , 17 -19 .
39 . Fitzhugh , Sociology , pp. 157-159 .
40 . Ibid. , p. 90 .
41 . Fitzhugh , Cannibals All ! , p. 107 .
42 . Ibid. , p. 108 . Cf. Karl Marx , Capital ( Chicago , 1919 ) , I , 795-796 .
43 . Fitzhugh , Cannibals All ! , p. 158 .
44 . Ibid. , pp. 167-176 .
45 . Ibid. , p. 109 .
46 . Ibid. , p. 155 .
47 . Ibid. , pp. 85 , 93-95 .
48 . Ibid. , p. 211 .
49 . Fitzhugh to A. Hogeboom , January 14 , 1856 , ibid. , p. 103 .
50 . Ibid. , p. 96 .
51 . Wish , Fitzhugh , p. 126 ; and for summary of critical reception of the Sociology see pp. 113-125 .
52 . Ibid. , p. 198 .
The criticism of Cannibals All ! is summarized in pp. 195-199 .
53 . Boston Liberator , March 6 , 13 , April 19 , 1857 , quoted in Wish , Fitzhugh , pp. 200-203 .
54 . Albert J. Beveridge , Abraham Lincoln , 1809 - 1858 ( Boston , 1928 ) , II , 30 - 31 .
55 . See Wish , Fitzhugh , pp. 150-159 , 288 , on the whole House Divided speech matter .
56 . Charles A. Beard , The American Spirit ( New York , 1942 ) , p. 288 .
57 . Fitzhugh to Holmes , April 11 , 1855 , quoted in Wish , Fitzhugh , pp. 118-119 .
See also Cannibals All ! , pp. 12-13 .
58 . Fitzhugh , Cannibals All ! , p. 71 .
See also Arnaud B. Leavelle and Thomas I. Cook , " George Fitzhugh and the Theory of American Conservatism , " Journal of Politics , VII ( 1945 ) , 145-168 .
59 . Fitzhugh , Cannibals All ! , p. 54 .
60 . Fitzhugh , " Terribly in Earnest , " De Bow 's Review , After the War Series , II ( 1866 ) , 172-177 .
61 . Fitzhugh , " Revolutions of ' 76 and ' 61 Contrasted , " ibid. , IV ( 1867 ) , 36 - 42 .
This was originally published in the Southern Literary Messenger , XXXVII ( 1863 ) , 718-726 .
62 . Fitzhugh , Cannibals All ! , in order of quotation , pp. 193 , 72 , 243 , 205 .
63 . Hartz , The Liberal Tradition , pp. 146-148 .
64 . Peter Laslett , " Sir Robert Filmer , The Man and the Whig Myth , " William and Mary Quarterly , Ser. 3 , V ( 1948 ) , 544 .
65 . Peter Laslett , " The Gentry of Kent in 1640 , " Cambridge Historical Journal , IX ( 1948 ) , 150 .
66 . Ibid. , pp. 161-162 .
67 . Ibid. , pp. 162-163 .
68 . Peter Laslett ( ed. ) , " Introduction " to Sir Robert Filmer , Patriarcha and Other Political Works ( Oxford , 1949 ) , p. 26 .
69 . Laslett , " The Gentry of Kent , " p. 150n .
70 . Laslett ( ed. ) , " Introduction " to Filmer , Patriarcha , p. 10 .
71 . Fitzhugh , " The Impending Fate of the Country , " De Bow 's Review II ( 1866 ) , 569 .
72 . Fitzhugh , " Revolutions of ' 76 and ' 61 Contrasted , " ibid. , IV ( 1867 ) , 43 .
73 . Fitzhugh , Cannibals All ! , p. 97 .
Iceland to commence EU accession talks
By Jordan Shilton
25 March 2010
The European Commission announced last month that it was prepared to commence talks with Reykjavík on terms for Iceland ’s membership .
The proposal comes despite the on - going diplomatic conflict between Iceland , the UK and Netherlands over reparations for money lost due to the collapse of online bank IceSave .
This deepened when a referendum vote massively rejected terms for the repayment of nearly four billion euros earlier in March .
At its summit this Thursday and Friday , the European Union Council will decide whether to proceed with accession talks , which could be concluded as early as 2011 .
However , only one vote is required of the 27 EU members to hold up the commencement of negotiations , and this could be provided by the Netherlands or Britain if the dispute over IceSave is not resolved soon .
Presented to the population as the means for Iceland to achieve economic stability , EU membership would only pave the way for an intensification of the assault on working people .
As the EU made its offer to start talks , a new poll showed the mounting public opposition to Brussels , with 56 percent of Icelanders opposed to joining .
While opposition to the EU in Iceland has always been high , this represents an increase since the immediate aftermath of the financial collapse of 2008 when those supporting membership and those opposed were roughly equal .
Commentators put the rising opposition down to the IceSave issue , because the EU had largely solidarised itself with London and Amsterdam .
But it is clear that the experience of countries such as Greece , Portugal and Spain , where the EU is demanding severe austerity measures , is having an impact on public consciousness across the continent .
Such feelings are entirely justified .
The EU is keen to assist the Icelandic ruling elite in imposing the full burden of the economic crisis onto working people .
This was made clear in the recommendation issued by the Commission .
Noting that a “ credible fiscal strategy ” to ensure “ fiscal consolidation ” was a key challenge , the Commission declared , “ Iceland should be able to cope with competitive pressures and market forces within the Union in the medium term provided it swiftly implements the necessary policy measures and structural reforms . ”
The content of such “ policy measures ” are currently on display in Greece , where the government of George Papandreou is collaborating fully in the implementation of the dictates handed down from Brussels .
With a budget deficit of 12 percent of GDP , Greece faces EU demands that this be returned to 3 percent within the coming years .
Papandreou has to this end passed three packages of devastating cuts in as many months .
The total state debt in Reykjavík continues to rise , and depending on the outcome of the IceSave dispute it could be as high as 300 percent of GDP .
The IMF in an earlier report warned that such a debt ratio would be “ unsustainable . ”
Pledges already made by the coalition government of Johanna Sigurðardóttir to cut public spending by 50 billion kronur have already come under attack from business groups as insufficient .
Brussels will insist upon further austerity .
Whether the current coalition is in a position to carry through such measures is an open question , particularly in the aftermath of the defeat of the IceSave legislation in the referendum it organised .
Prior to the March 6 vote , rumours were circulating of increased tensions within the coalition , and the possibility of a government collapse if a solution to IceSave was not found quickly .
In the context of the worst economic crisis in decades , the EU decision to encourage Icelandic membership is also underpinned by strategic considerations .
The principal consideration is the geopolitical situation in the Arctic , where tensions between nations continue to grow over control of vast natural resources .
EU enlargement commissioner Stefan Füle outlined this fact with surprising bluntness .
Füle commented , “ There [ has been ] a lot of discussion recently of the strategic importance of the Arctic area .
This is where Iceland could be very useful . ”
Swedish foreign minister Carl Bildt concurred , adding , “ The EU is virtually absent from this big play .
Iceland will bring us more into arctic issues that will be big . ”
On top of the natural resources found in the Arctic — which were estimated by a 2008 US Geological Survey report to be 90 billion barrels of oil , potentially a third of the world ’s untapped natural gas , and 20 per cent of natural gas liquids — the region contains important sea lanes which are being opened up by global warming .
Achieving a dominant position in the region would prove very lucrative , something which is well understood in Brussels .
To date , the race for control over the Arctic ’s natural resources and trading routes has been fought out between Russia , Canada , Norway , Denmark and — increasingly — the United States .
Moscow advanced its claim to a vast portion of the Arctic Ocean in 2007 by planting a Russian flag on the sea floor during an exploration by a scientific submarine .
Canada has increased its military presence in the arctic , with plans for a deep water port having been put forward .
A military training facility at Resolute Bay has also been developed .
Both countries , having lengthy borders with the Arctic Ocean , are deemed to control waters up to 200 nautical miles ( 370 kilometres ) from their coast under the “ law of the sea ” .
Denmark , which has a claim to substantial areas of the Arctic due to its control of Greenland , announced last summer that it would open a military command on the island .
Copenhagen has been engaged in a long - running diplomatic conflict with Canada over control of a small island located between Greenland and Canada , the ownership of which could prove decisive in determining which state would hold sway in a key waterway that will open up as polar ice melts .
Although Denmark is an EU member , Brussels hopes to extend its influence in the region with a presence in Iceland also .
Such moves will not take place without opposition .
Washington , aware that it could lose out to its rivals in the region , has over the past year stepped up considerably its Arctic activity .
During May and June last year , NATO held two military exercises in the far north .
The US - led alliance carried out naval exercises in the Baltic and North seas , while an air and land simulation in the Arctic region of Sweden saw the involvement of Finnish and Swedish forces .
Iceland is strategically placed to provide the EU with additional influence .
Situated in the mid north Atlantic , the island was considered significant for geopolitical reasons during the Cold War .
Iceland was a founding member of NATO in 1949 , and the United States constructed and operated a naval and air base at Keflavik ( NASKEF , Naval Air Station Keflavik ) from where it conducted NATO missions , including surveillance on Soviet activity in northern Europe .
The US presence was codified by the Iceland Defence Force Agreement , signed when Reykjavík joined NATO .
During the Cold War , it was estimated that US aircraft intercepted over 1,000 Soviet flights from the Keflavik base .
With the collapse of the Soviet Union Washington gradually drew down its involvement in Iceland , but the last remaining US military personnel did not leave until 2006 .
As has already been demonstrated by last year ’s military exercises , Washington will not be willing to stand idly by as its rivals gain a foothold in the Arctic at its expense .
Advanced maternal age is linked to a significantly elevated risk of having a child with autism , regardless of the father 's age , according to an exhaustive study of all births in California during the 1990s by UC Davis Health System researchers .
Advanced paternal age is associated with elevated autism risk only when the father is older and the mother is under 30 , the study found .
Published online today in the February issue of the journal Autism Research , the study , " Independent and Dependent Contributions of Advanced Maternal and Paternal Ages to Autism Risk , " is one of the largest population - based studies to quantify how each parent 's age — separately and together — affects the risk of having a child with autism .
The study found that the incremental risk of having a child with autism increased by 18 percent — nearly one fifth — for every five - year increase in the mother 's age .
A 40 - year - old woman 's risk of having a child later diagnosed with autism was 50 percent greater than that of a woman between 25 and 29 years old .
Advanced parental age is a known risk factor for having a child with autism .
However , previous research has shown contradictory results regarding whether it is the mother , the father or both who contribute most to the increased risk of autism .
For example , one study reported that fathers over 40 were six times more likely than fathers under 30 to have a child with autism .
" This study challenges a current theory in autism epidemiology that identifies the father 's age as a key factor in increasing the risk of having a child with autism , " said Janie Shelton , the study 's lead author and a doctoral student in the UC Davis Department of Public Health Sciences .
" It shows that while maternal age consistently increases the risk of autism , the father 's age only contributes an increased risk when the father is older and the mother is under 30 years old .
Among mothers over 30 , increases in the father 's age do not appear to further increase the risk of autism . "
Autism is a pervasive developmental disorder of deficits in social skills and communication , as well as repetitive and restricted behaviors , with onset occurring prior to age 3 .
Abnormal brain development , probably beginning in the womb , is known to be fundamental to the behaviors that characterize autism .
Current estimates place the incidence of autism at between 1 in 100 and 1 in 110 children in the United States .
During the 1990s , the number of California women over 40 giving birth increased by more than 300 percent .
But only about 5 percent of the 600 - percent increase in the number of autism cases in the state can be attributed to women waiting longer to have children , the study suggests .
To conduct their investigation , the researchers obtained the electronic records for all births in California between Jan. 1 , 1990 and Dec. 31 , 1999 .
The records incorporated detailed demographic information , including the ages of both parents .
To identify which children would develop autism , the researchers obtained electronic records identifying children born during the study period who later received an autism diagnosis from state Department of Developmental Services .
In this study autism was defined as a diagnosis of full - syndrome autism at a California Regional Center .
The researchers also excluded a small number of births where demographic information about parents , such as their ages and levels of education , was not available .
Instances of multiple births were analyzed separately .
The exclusions brought the total size of the study sample to approximately 4.9 million births and 12,159 cases of autism .
For older mothers , the step - wise progression in the risk of having a child who later would be diagnosed with autism was apparent among every age group of fathers .
When the father was older and the mother was younger — under 30 — the child 's risk for developing autism also was elevated .
For example , among births to mothers under 25 , children fathered by a man over 40 were twice as likely to develop autism as those whose father was between 25 and 29 .
Among mothers over 30 , the increased risk associated with older fathers dissipated , the study found .
Because of the large study size , the researchers were able to show how risk for autism was affected by each parent 's age by holding one parent 's age constant and then comparing autism incidence across the age of the other parent across five - year increments .
The subtle interaction of how each parent 's age affects the risk of autism then became quantifiable even when it was reliant on the other parent 's age .
This methodology is more efficacious and requires fewer assumptions than the mathematical modeling used by earlier studies , the researchers said .
The researchers note that understanding the relationship between increased parental age and autism risk is critical to understanding its biological causes .
Earlier studies have observed that advanced maternal age is a risk factor for a variety of other birth - related conditions , including infertility , early fetal loss , low birth - weight , chromosomal aberrations and congenital anomalies .
Irva Hertz - Picciotto , professor of public health sciences , a researcher at the UC Davis MIND Institute and the study 's senior author , said the reason that having an older parent places a child at risk for autism is not known .
" We still need to figure out what it is about older parents that puts their children at greater risk for autism and other adverse outcomes , so that we can begin to design interventions , " Hertz - Picciotto said .
One possible clue comes from a 2008 UC Davis study that found some mothers of children with autism had antibodies to fetal brain protein , while none of the mothers of typical children did .
Advancing age has been associated with an increase in autoantibody production .
Further work investigating advancing age in such findings may be useful , the study authors said .
They added that some persistent environmental chemicals accumulate in the body and also may have a role to play in autism , possibly contributing to the apparent effect of parental age .
The study also suggests that epigenetic changes over time " may enable an older parent to transfer a multitude of molecular functional alterations to a child ... thus epigenetics may be involved in the risks contributed by advancing parental age as a result of changes induced by stresses from environmental chemicals , co-morbidity or assistive reproductive therapy . "
Explore further Mental disorders in parents linked to autism in children
Provided by University of California - Davis
( CNN ) -- President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ordered Iran 's atomic chief on Sunday to enrich the country 's uranium to 20 percent .
The move is seen as a fresh challenge to Western powers trying to rein in Tehran 's galloping nuclear drive .
Ahmadinejad did not set a deadline for the increase .
But his announcement is likely to shake up his skeptics in the West , amid efforts to get Iran to accept a draft deal , backed by the United Nations , to send its low - enriched uranium abroad to be enriched for use at a medical research reactor in Tehran .
" The doors for interaction are still open , " Ahmadinejad said at a ceremony marking Iran 's laser technology achievements .
" We had told [ the West ] to come and have a swap , although we could produce the 20 - percent - enriched fuel ourselves . "
The Islamic republic had until the end of 2009 to accept the deal offered by the " P5 plus 1 , " which consists of permanent U.N. Security Council members Britain , China , France , Russia and the United States , plus Germany .
Instead , Iran came back with a counteroffer , giving the West until the end of January to accept its own proposal .
The details of that offer were never made public .
Last month , Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said Iran would " officially declare " that it would produce enriched fuel at 20 percent if the West missed the deadline .
Mottaki had said in December that the country was ready to send about 400 kilograms of its 3.5 - percent - enriched uranium -- a third of the 1,200 kilograms spelled out in the P5 - plus - 1 deal -- and receive 20 - percent - enriched fuel in exchange .
Iran 's leadership has signaled concerns about whether the West would hold up its end of the bargain by returning the enriched fuel .
In the speech broadcast Sunday on Iranian state television , Ahmadinejad added that Ali Akbar Salehi , director of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran , has been told " the door to the exchange of fuel is open but they must start the production of 20 - percent - enriched fuel . "
And on Friday , Mottaki said he believes a solution will be reached over the proposed deal to export uranium for enrichment abroad , a demand of Western nations who worry that Tehran plans to use its program to build nuclear weapons .
" The amount of uranium [ for export ] is negotiable .
But I am confident that a solution can be found , " Mottaki said on the sidelines of the Munich Security Conference in Germany , Iran 's state - run Press TV reported .
The West fears Iran could use the enriched uranium to produce an atomic bomb , while Iran -- a major oil producer -- insists its nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes .
" If the international community will stand together and bring pressure to bear on the Iranian government , I believe there is still time for sanctions and pressure to work , but we must all work together , " said U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates , speaking at a news conference in Italy on Sunday with his Italian counterpart , Ignazio La Russa .
Meanwhile , a spokesman for the Iranian Parliament 's National Security and Foreign Policy Committee said Sunday the group felt the Ahmadinejad administration was sending mixed messages about conducting domestic enrichment while still remaining open to a fuel exchange .
The majority of the group supports making enrichment a domestic business .
" What we must be mindful of when we speak of the exchange [ of nuclear fuel ] is , the positions must be in line with the frameworks that are acceptable by the system " and Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , spokesman Kazem Jalali told Iran 's semi-official Mehr News .
" We never saw any sincerity from the 5+1 countries that would make us change our experiences vis a vis the exchange of fuel , " he said .
" It seems that the positions announced by the administration regarding this matter were uncoordinated words . "
He said lawmakers had established a two - month deadline for enrichment and " we all supported it . "
Sunday 's announcement of the new enriched uranium plans falls within the 10 - day period marking the 31st anniversary of the 1979 Islamic revolution that toppled the U.S. - backed shah .
Celebrations commemorating the overthrow began last week and will culminate on February 11 .
CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .
Cannabis : The Illegalization of Weed in America Published April 2 , 2019 First Second Books
WASHINGTON — Tens of thousands of immigrants and activists rallied here on Sunday , calling for legislation this year to give legal status to millions of illegal immigrants and seeking to pressure President Obama to keep working on the contentious issue once the health care debate is behind him .
Demonstrators filled five lengthy blocks of the Washington Mall , down the hill from the Capitol where last - minute negotiations were under way on the health care bill .
The immigrant activists , chanting Mr. Obama ’s campaign slogan of “ Yes we can ” in Spanish and English , tried to compete with their numbers for public and media attention which were mainly focused on the climactic health care events in the House of Representatives .
The rally brought the return to major street action by immigration activists , who turned out hundreds of thousands of protesters in marches and rallies in 2006 .
After an immigration overhaul measure was defeated in Congress in 2007 , the pace of enforcement raids picked up and many immigrants , especially those without legal status , preferred to lay low .
But immigrant advocates decided to gamble by calling the march , to give a show of force that might impress Mr. Obama and also to vent the frustration of many immigrants who have taken to heart his repeated promises that he would move an immigration bill in Congress by early this year .
Beirut , Lebanon ( CNN ) -- British , French and Cypriot aircraft and a U.S. warship joined rescue crews searching the Mediterranean Sea off Lebanon 's coast Monday , where an Ethiopian Airlines flight crashed with 90 people aboard .
By the afternoon , crews had found 21 bodies but no survivors , a Lebanese military spokesman said .
Ethiopian Airlines Flight 409 left Rafik Hariri International Airport in Beirut about 2:30 a.m. and was headed to the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa .
It disappeared from radar a few minutes after takeoff , said Ghazi El Aridi , Lebanon 's minister of public works and transportation .
Authorities did not immediately know the cause of the crash .
" We do n't believe that there is any indication for sabotage or foul play , " Lebanese President Michel Suleiman said .
Fourteen bodies were brought to Beirut Hospital , but only one still had clear facial features , according to Lebanese Health Minister Mohammed Khalife .
The bodies were undergoing DNA testing , Khalife said .
Prime Minister Saad Hariri announced a day of mourning for the victims of the crash , ordering all government departments to close , the state - run Lebanese National News Agency reported .
He praised security forces and the Red Cross for their efforts in the aftermath of the crash .
Suleiman , speaking to the National News Agency , said it was a major loss , not only for the victims ' families but also for the nation , noting that the passengers included " a group of young men and women who left Lebanon to work abroad and to earn a living and raise the banner of their homeland . "
The Lebanese government asked American officials for help in recovery efforts , U.S. defense officials said .
The U.S. military sent the USS Ramage , a guided missile destroyer , and Navy P - 3 aircraft in response , according to the officials .
The airline said a 14 - member team of investigators was at the scene of the crash .
Crews search beach after crash
" We want to figure out the reasons behind this plane crash , and we will be very transparent in informing everyone of what happened , " Hariri said .
The Boeing 737-800 had eight crew members and 82 passengers -- 51 Lebanese nationals , 23 Ethiopians , two Britons and citizens from Iraq , Turkey , Syria , Canada , Russia and France , the airline said .
An earlier tally provided by the Lebanese government varied slightly .
Among the passengers was the wife of the French ambassador to Lebanon , said Anne Charlotte of the French Embassy .
Marla Sanchez Pietton was a native of the United States , the embassy said .
The plane crashed about 3.5 kilometers ( 2.1 miles ) west of the town of Na'ameh .
Na'ameh is 15 kilometers ( 9 miles ) south of Beirut .
As worried family members gathered at the Beirut airport for news , the army and the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon scoured the crash site for survivors .
Government - owned Ethiopian Airlines is one of the largest in Africa .
Unlike several African carriers that are not allowed in European airspace because of shoddy safety records , Ethiopian Airlines serves Europe .
It serves three other continents as well , for a total of 56 destinations .
The airline has such a commendable safety record that some expanding airlines in Asia have lured away its pilots at high pay , The New York Times reported in 2006 .
The airline has experienced two fatal crashes since 1980 .
In November 1996 , a flight bound for Ivory Coast , also known as Cote D'Ivoire , was hijacked by three men who demanded that the pilot fly to Australia .
The pilot attempted an emergency landing near the Comoros Islands off Africa as the plane ran out of fuel , but crashed .
About 130 of the 172 people aboard died , according to published reports .
And in September 1988 , a flight struck a flock of birds during takeoff .
During the crash landing that followed , 31 people of the 105 people aboard died .
CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .
3 Inches Of Blood - " Battles And Brotherhood "
Agent Orange - " Bloodstains "
Animal Collective - " Summertime Clothes "
Beastie Boys - " Lee Majors Come Again "
Benjy Ferree - " Come to Me , Coming to Me "
Bim Sherman - " Lover 's Leap "
Canned Heat - " Going Up The Country "
Chad VanGaalen - " Bare Feet On Wet Griptape "
Cheeseburger - " Comin ' Home "
Clinic - " The Witch ( Made to Measure ) "
Dead Moon - " Diamonds In The Rough "
Del The Funky Homosapian - " Young Dre "
Dinosaur Jr. - " Almost Ready "
Dr. John - " Right Place , Wrong Time "
Dream Evil - " Immortal "
Hangar 18 - " Feet To Feet "
JAPANTHER - " The Gravy "
Johnny Thunders & The Heartbreakers - " Born To Lose "
Joy Division - " Disorder "
Junior Murvin - " Cool Out Son "
Kinski - " Punching Goodbye Out Front "
Love City - " The Other Side "
Mazarin - " For Energy Infinite "
Mobb Deep - " Put ' Em In Their Place "
Mudhoney - " I'm Now "
Neil Diamond - " Cracklin ' Rosie "
Nihilist - " Metal And Mayhem "
No Age - " Sleeper Hold "
Ol Dirty Bastard - " Shimmy Shimmy Ya "
Pixies - " Debaser "
Q Lazarus - " Goodbye Horses "
Rob Sonic - " Brand New Vandals "
Sorcerers - " Drunk Skate Session "
Steel Panther - " Eyes Of A Panther "
The Demonics - " 750 - Four "
The Girls - " Where Wolves Drink "
The Goat - " Tantalizing "
The Greenhornes - " Good Times "
The Mighty Underdogs feat .
MF Doom - " Gunfight "
The Misfits - " London Dungeon "
The Perceptionists - " Party Hard "
The Thermals - " Pillar Of Salt "
Them Crooked Vultures - " Dead End Friends "
Tommy McCook & The Supersonics - " Psychedelic Reggae "
White Rose Movement - " Cigarette Machine "
Young Jeezy feat .
Kanye West - " Put On "
might take place in a fictional city but it'll sport 46 licensed tracks from real - world artists .
Featured artists include Ol Dirty Bastard , The Beastie Boys , and Neil Diamond .
Black
Box revealed the full list this weekend .
Check 'em out :
In addition to these songs , will have an original score by Del The Funky Homosapien , John King of the Dust Brothers , and Mark Mothersbaugh of Devo .
Le transsexualisme n'est plus considéré comme une maladie mentale en France , premier pays au monde à le sortir de la liste des affections psychiatriques par un décret , publié au Journal officiel .
Ce décret du ministère de la santé supprime " les troubles précoces de l'identité de genre " d'un article du code de la Sécurité sociale relatif aux " affections psychiatriques de longue durée " .
Roselyne Bachelot , ministre de la santé , avait annoncé le 16 mai 2009 , à la veille de la journée mondiale de la lutte contre l'homophobie et la transphobie , que le transsexualisme ne serait plus considéré comme une affection psychiatrique en France .
" La France est le premier pays au monde à ne plus considérer le transsexualisme comme pathologie mentale " , s'est félicité Joël Bedos , responsable français au Comité Idaho ( International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia ) .
Le Monde avec AFP
I ’ve always been fascinated by eggplants .
I think as kid they appealed to the nonconformist in me because they did n’t like any other vegetable in the garden growing up .
While the squash and cucumbers resembled ach other , and the peppers and tomatoes looked alike no , matter how man varieties of each we had , the magnificent foliage of the eggplant plants , complemented by the exquisite flowers set them apart from the other vegetables in the garden .
The shape , the color and the little pixie hat they seem to wear , all intrigued my imagination .
And they tasted so good .
Whether they were pickled , parmaganed , or grilled , I always love them .
The best way for me though , is when they are sliced into 1/4 ” sticks , fryed to a golden brown , and mixed with a simple tomato basil sauce and served on spaghetti .
Growing up , the only eggplant I knew of were the traditional bulb shaped , royal purple type that have a tendency to be bitter .
To solve this dilemma , we treated them with salt , put them in a colander and let them drain .
I heard stories of others in the family using rather large stones as weight on top to squeeze out this bitter juice , however I do n’t recall every using one .
After sitting for approximately 15 minutes to 30 minutes , they were squeezed , and they were ready to go .
Once I discovered the Japanese varieties , which are much narrower and are more tube shaped , I found they a sweeter version that did n’t require salting .
White eggplants , and a Sicilian variety , which are round and have a swirl of purple and white on their skin are not as bitter .
In my experience , they do not need the salt like the more traditional purple bulb shaped variety .
Whatever variety you choose , be sure to try this method of frying and mixing with sauce .
The eggplant will absorb oil , as any fried food does , so please consider that , and factor it into your fat intake .
So if you ready to jump in and try this , here goes .
Eggplant and Spaghetti
1 large bulb shaped , or 3 or 4 smaller Japanese tube shape eggplant
1 28 oz . can of your favorite tomatoes
2 cloves of garlic , sliced
Basil to taste
Olive oil
Canola or vegetable oil
Salt
1/2 lb. of spaghetti
Parmesan , Romano , smoked mozzarella or smoke provolone cheese
By Cathy Young - February 9 , 2010
Ayn Rand , the controversial Russian - born American writer , would have turned 105 years old on February 2 .
This anniversary takes place amidst a Rand mini-revival , sparked by the Obama Administrations push to expand government and resulting fears of socialism on the march .
There has been a spike in sales of Rand 's books , particularly Atlas Shrugged , the 1957 novel depicting a quasi- totalitarian future America in which the best , the brightest and the most productive go on strike in protest .
Some bloggers have bandied about the idea of such a strike under Obama going Galt , after John Galt , the leader of the revolt in the novel .
Rand has recently appeared on the cover of Reason , the libertarian monthly ( where I am a contributing editor ) and of GQ where she was the target of a profane , vitriolic rant .
Who is Ayn Rand , and what does her renewed popularity mean ?
A refugee from Soviet Russia who fled Communist dictatorship in the 1920s , Rand called herself a radical for capitalism rather than a conservative .
Her vision , articulated in several novels and later in nonfiction essays as the philosophy of Objectivism , earned her a sometimes cult - like following in her lifetime and beyond it .
Politically , Rand wanted to provide liberal capitalism with a moral foundation , challenging the notion that communism was a noble but unrealistic ideal while the free market was a necessary evil best suited to humanity 's flawed nature .
Her arguments against " compassionate " redistribution , and persecution , of wealth have lost none of their power and persuasiveness .
In an era when collectivism was often seen as the inevitable way of the future , she unapologetically asserted the worth of individual and each persons right to exist for himself .
However , Rand 's radicalism went further , rejecting the age - old ethic of altruism and self - sacrifice .
While she was hardly the first philosopher to advocate a morality of individualism and rational self - interest , she formulated it in a uniquely accessible way and a uniquely passionate one , not as a dry economic construct but as a bold vision of struggle , creative achievement and romanticism .
All this accounts for much of Rand 's appeal .
But that appeal is severely limited by the flaws of her world - view .
One of those flaws is Rand 's unwillingness to consider the possibility that the values of the free market can coexist with other , non-individualistic and non-market - based virtues -- those of family and community , for example .
Instead , Rand frames even human relations in terms of trade ( our concern for loved ones is based on the positive things they bring to our lives ) and offered at best lukewarm support for charitable aid .
When charity is mentioned in Rand 's fiction , it is nearly always in a negative context .
In Atlas Shrugged , a club providing shelter to needy young women is ridiculed for offering help to alcoholics , drug users , and unwed mothers - to - be .
Family fares even worse in Rand 's universe .
In her 1964 Playboy interview Rand flatly declared that it was " immoral " to place family ties and friendship above productive work ; in her fiction , family life is depicted as a stifling swamp .
In pure form , Rand 's philosophy would work very well if human beings were never helpless and dependent on others through no fault of their own .
Unsurprisingly , many people become infatuated with her philosophy as teenagers only to leave it behind when concerns of family , children , and aging make that fantasy seem more and more implausible .
For some , Rand becomes a conduit to more sensible small - government philosophies .
But Rand 's work also has a darker , more disturbing aspect -- one that , unfortunately , is all too good a fit for this moment in America 's political life .
That is her intellectual intolerance and her tendency to demonize her opponents .
Speaking through her hero John Galt , Rand declared ,
There are two sides to every issue : one side is right and the other is wrong , but the middle is always evil .
She lambasted free - market theorists such as Friedrich A . Hayek for their lack of purity in allowing the government a legitimate role in alleviating poverty and its effects .
In her novels , supporters of various forms of collectivism -- moochers and looters -- are shown as acting by stealth to take over and corrupt society and culture .
Rand 's detractors have often branded her a fascist .
The label is unfair , but her work does have shades of a totalitarian or dictatorial mentality .
To refute this charge , Rand 's defenders point to her explicit statements that force is acceptable only in self - defense .
Yet her fiction sometimes seems to contradict this principle .
Particularly troubling is a passage in Atlas Shrugged in which bureaucratic incompetence and arrogance lead to a deadly train wreck .
Rand sarcastically notes that many people would regard the dead passengers as innocent victims of a tragedy and then , in a series of brief character sketches , endeavors to show that they were far from innocent :
All had benefited from evil government programs , promoted evil political or philosophical ideas , or both .
Especially chilling is Rand 's casual mention of the fact that one of these evildoers , a bureaucrat 's wife , is traveling with her three young children .
Rand does not advocate these people 's murder ( though she is sympathetic to a trainmaster who chooses not to avert the disaster , partly in revenge against the regulators ) .
Yet she clearly suggests that they had it coming .
Both in Atlas Shrugged and in Rand 's nonfiction essays , political and ideological debates are treated as wars with no innocent bystanders .
Rand 's achievement as a promoter of the ideas of individual liberty , reason , and the free market remains unquestionable .
In the 21st century , when our public discourse is often dominated by religious conservatives on the right and collectivists on the left , such a message could have been a rallying point for what the neo-Objectivist philosopher David Kelley calls " Enlightenment - based values . "
Unfortunately , her extremism limits her value as a messenger , and our current intellectual climate makes it likely that many of her new admirers will adopt not her best traits but her worst : intolerance , paranoia , and dehumanization of the enemy .
A new " calorimeter , " shown immersed in this water bath , provides the first inexpensive means of identifying the hallmark of cold fusion reactions : the production of excess heat .
Credit : Melvin Miles
A potential new energy source so controversial that people once regarded it as junk science is moving closer to acceptance by the mainstream scientific community .
That 's the conclusion of the organizer of one of the largest scientific sessions on the topic -- " cold fusion " -- being held in San Francisco for the next two days in the Moscone Center during the 239th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society ( ACS ) .
" Years ago , many scientists were afraid to speak about ' cold fusion ' to a mainstream audience , " said Jan Marwan , Ph.D. , the internationally known expert who organized the symposium .
Marwan heads the research firm , Dr. Marwan Chemie in Berlin , Germany .
Entitled " New Energy Technology , " the symposium will include nearly 50 presentations describing the latest discoveries on the topic .
The presentations describe invention of an inexpensive new measuring device that could enable more labs to begin cold fusion research ; indications that cold fusion may occur naturally in certain bacteria ; progress toward a battery based on cold fusion ; and a range of other topics .
Marwan noted that many of the presentations suggest that cold fusion is real , with a potential to contribute to energy supplies in the 21st Century .
" Now most of the scientists are no longer afraid and most of the cold fusion researchers are attracted to the ACS meeting , " Marwan said .
" I 've also noticed that the field is gaining new researchers from universities that had previously not pursued cold fusion research .
More and more people are becoming interested in it .
There 's still some resistance to this field .
But we just have to keep on as we have done so far , exploring cold fusion step by step , and that will make it a successful alternative energy source .
With time and patience , I 'm really optimistic we can do this ! "
The term " cold fusion " originated in 1989 when Martin Fleishmann and Stanley Pons claimed achieving nuclear fusion at room temperature with a simple , inexpensive tabletop device .
That claim fomented an international sensation because nuclear fusion holds potential for providing the world with a virtually limitless new source of energy .
Fuel for fusion comes from ordinary seawater , and estimates indicate that 1 gallon of seawater packs the energy equivalent of 16 gallons of gasoline at 100 percent efficiency for energy production .
The claim also ignited scepticism , because conventional wisdom said that achieving fusion required multi-billion - dollar fusion reactors that operate at tens of millions of degrees Fahrenheit .
When other scientists could not reproduce the Pons - Fleishmann results , research on cold fusion fell into disrepute .
Humiliated by the scientific establishment , their reputations ruined , Pons and Fleishmann closed their labs , fled the country , and dropped out of sight .
The handful of scientists who continued research avoided the term " cold fusion . "
Instead , they used the term " low energy nuclear reactions ( LENR ) . "
Research papers at the ACS symposium openly refer to " cold fusion " and some describe cold fusion as the " Fleishmann - Pons Effect " in honor of the pioneers , Marwan noted .
" The field is now experiencing a rebirth in research efforts and interest , with evidence suggesting that cold fusion may be a reality . "
Marwan said .
He noted , for instance , that the number of presentations on the topic at ACS National Meetings has quadrupled since 2007 .
Explore further Scientists shed new light on cold fusion
More information :
Among the reports scheduled for the symposium are :
Michael McKubre , Ph.D. , of SRI International in Menlo Park , Calif. , provides an overview of cold fusion research .
McKubre will discuss current knowledge in the field and explain why some doubts exist in the broader scientific community .
He will also discuss recent experimental work performed at SRI .
McKubre will focus on fusion , heat production and nuclear products . [ 3 pm , Monday March 22 , Cyril Magnin ]
George Miley , Ph.D. , reports on progress toward a new type of battery that works through a new cold fusion process and has a longer life than conventional batteries .
The battery consists of a special type of electrolytic cell that operates at low temperature .
The process involves purposely creating defects in the metal electrode of the cell .
Miley is a professor at the University of Illinois in Urbana and director of its Fusion Studies Lab . [ 11 am , Sunday March 21 , Cyril Magnin I ]
Melvin Miles , Ph.D. , describes development of the first inexpensive instrument for reliably identifying the hallmark of cold fusion reactions : Production of excess heat from tabletop fusion devices now in use .
Current " calorimeters , " devices that measure excess heat , tend to be too complicated and inefficient for reliable use .
The new calorimeter could boost the quality of research and open the field to scores of new scientists in university , government , and private labs , Miles suggests .
He is with Dixie State College in St. George , Utah . [ 2.30 pm , Sunday March 21 , Cyril Magnin I ]
Vladimir Vysotskii , Ph.D. , presents surprising experimental evidence that bacteria can undergo a type of cold fusion process and could be used to dispose of nuclear waste .
He will describe studies of nuclear transmutation — the transformation of one element into another — of stable and radioactive isotopes in biological systems .
Vysotskii is a scientist with Kiev National Shevchenko University in Kiev , Ukraine . [ 11.20 am , Monday March 22 , Cyril Magnin I ] .
Tadahiko Mizuno , Ph.D. , discusses an unconventional cold fusion device that uses phenanthrene , a substance found in coal and oil , as a reactant .
He reports on excess heat production and gamma radiation production from the device .
" Overall heat production exceeded any conceivable chemical reaction by two orders of magnitude , " Mizuno noted .
He is with Hokkaido University in Japan , and wrote the book Nuclear Transmutation : The Reality of Cold Fusion . [ 3 pm , Sunday March 21 , Cyril Magnin I ]
Peter Hagelstein , Ph.D. , describes new theoretical models to help explain excess heat production in cold fusion , one of the most controversial aspects of the field .
He notes that in a nuclear reaction , one would expect that the energy produced would appear as kinetic energy in the products , but in the Fleischmann - Pons experiment there do not appear energetic particles in amounts consistent with the energy observed .
His simple models help explain the observed energy changes , including the type and quantity of energy produced .
Hagelstein is with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
[ 10.20 am , Sunday March 21 , Cyril Magnin I ] .
Xing Zhong Li , Ph.D. , presents research demonstrating that cold fusion can occur without the production of strong nuclear radiation .
He is developing a cold fusion reactor that demonstrates this principle .
Li is a scientist with Tsinghua University in Beijing , China . [ 9.10 am , Sunday March 21 , Cyril Magnin I ] .
Among the reports scheduled for the symposium are :
Health insurance giant Anthem Blue Cross said it was raising rates on thousands of individual policyholders in California because the cost of their medical care exceeded the premiums they paid last year .
At the same time , other parts of Anthem reaped a profit .
A Times analysis of the company ’s regulatory filings shows that $ 525 million in Anthem ’s earnings in 2009 was shipped to its corporate parent WellPoint Inc .
The analysis ’ findings were not disputed by Anthem .
Anthem Blue Cross has been so profitable that , since WellPoint acquired it in 2004 , it has contributed more than $ 4.2 billion to the parent company ’s bottom line .
Critics say some of those gains should have been kept in California and used to cover the losses on Anthem ’s individual policies .
Instead , the company turned to individual policyholders to make up the losses with rate increases of up to 39 % .
WellPoint Executive Vice President Brad Fluegel said the company cannot dip into profit from one insurance line to keep another line afloat .
“ It ’s not sustainable to have our premiums be insufficient to pay our claims expenses , ” he said .
To have profit applied to premiums , “ you would be under - pricing your product and essentially losing money .
In order to have a sustainable and viable business , you have to have your premiums reflect your underlying medical costs . ”
But some lawmakers say they are aghast .
Former California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi , now a Democratic congressman from Walnut Creek , said it was unconscionable for Anthem to impose steep premium hikes on individuals when the company as a whole was quite profitable .
“ The extraordinary greed of Anthem / WellPoint Blue Cross is a clear indication that this company has put profit before people , ” said Garamendi , who as California insurance commissioner presided over the companies ’ merger .
“ People need to be able to get out of the shark pool with a public - option lifeboat . ”
Rep. Jackie Speier ( D - Hillsborough ) said it looked as if Anthem and WellPoint were “ playing a shell game ” to boost their profits and justify rate hikes .
“ They are moving all the profits to the holding company , ” she said .
“ And then they cry , ‘ Woe is me .
We ’re not making enough money . ’
They are just moving the money to hide the jackpot . ”
Committees of the Legislature and Congress are set to grill Anthem and WellPoint officials this week over the rate hikes ’ necessity .
WellPoint has 34 million customers in Blue Cross plans in 14 states , including 8 million in California , and earned $ 4.7 billion on $ 60 billion in revenue last year .
“ They seem to be quite profitable , and that seems to be their major interest , ” said Rep. Henry A. Waxman ( D - Beverly Hills ) , who chairs the Committee on Energy and Commerce .
WellPoint Chief Executive Angela Braly is set to appear Wednesday before a subcommittee of the panel Waxman chairs .
The company needs to prove that the additional premium revenues , which , in some cases , are set to increase at a far larger rate than average medical costs , are necessary , Waxman said .
“ We ’ve heard that claim , ” he said .
“ We want to test that . ”
The issue of Anthem earnings boosting WellPoint ’s profit has been a concern since 2004 .
When WellPoint set its sights on Blue Cross of California , consumer advocates and regulators sought to block the acquisition out of fear that an out - of - state corporate owner would put profit ahead of consumers .
To placate regulators and win approval of the deal , WellPoint agreed to a complicated formula limiting the amount of money that it would siphon from premiums paid by California consumers .
Regulators hoped that the limits on profit - taking would ease the upward pressure on premiums .
Those limits expired at the end of 2007 .
When WellPoint took $ 1.2 billion in dividends that year , California Department of Managed Health Care chief Cindy Ehnes accused the company of treating the state like “ its own ATM machine ” at the expense of individuals struggling to afford health insurance .
But neither Ehnes nor the state Department of Insurance has ever found anything wrong with the profit WellPoint collects from Anthem .
But not all the profit has gone to the corporate parent .
Anthem has accumulated more than $ 1 billion in cash -- exceeding what regulators require the company to reserve to cover outstanding claims , The Times found .
And from 2005 to 2007 , Anthem made annual payments of more than $ 2 billion to affiliated companies for unspecified services , according to an analysis of regulatory filings by Consumer Watchdog .
The Santa Monica - based advocacy group has urged regulators to investigate the transfers .
Alyssa Schiffmann , a self - employed bookkeeper , recently got a notice that her Blue Cross coverage was set to increase to $ 558 a month from $ 401 .
Schiffmann , 35 , had surgery a few years ago and is convinced she ca n’t go without medical coverage .
“ The healthcare companies are making record profits , and it ’s unsustainable for customers like me , ” she said .
“ Our healthcare system puts profits before healthcare , and this needs to change . ”
lisa.girion@latimes.com
The last time we saw Angela Chase and Jordan Catalano sharing the frame , the two of them sped off in Catalano ’s beloved Plymouth , Red , leaving Brian Krakow hurt , confused , and in the dust .
Many have opined about what became of the duo in the fifteen years since the cancellation of My So - Called Life , but it was n’t until last night that we actually found out .
Well , sort of .
Claire Danes and Jared Leto were photographed together at the Elle Fashion Awards in London for the first time since 1995 , and , my oh my , look how the years have treated them !
Funny , this is pretty much exactly how we figured the fictional versions of them would ’ve turned out .
Presented Without Commentary : Angela Chase And Jordan Catalano Reunited [ Fab Life ]
As soon as next month , the Federal Communications Commission is expected to allow commercial white - space Internet , which could help hook up the 54 percent of rural homes without broadband .
These white - space channels use lower frequencies than Wi -Fi , so they can pass through physical obstacles easier and travel farther .
Last October , Spectrum activated the first white - space network , in Claudville , Virginia , under an experimental FCC license .
The town 's hilly landscape and abundant trees made conventional wireless near - impossible , so the company set up an Internet - connected radio transmitter at the town 's edge and gave the school , business district and a few homes modem - like radio receivers .
" They 've been trying to get connected to the outside world for the better part of this century , " says Jeff Schmidt , Spectrum 's director of engineering .
Michael Owen 's first season at Manchester United has been brought to a halt in a familiar story of injury and disappointment after it emerged that the striker needs an operation and will miss the remainder of the campaign .
Owen damaged his hamstring in the Carling Cup final victory over Aston Villa at Wembley last Sunday and a scan has shown that the damage is more serious than was believed at the time .
What was thought to be a slight pull is actually a full tear and Owen will go into hospital on Monday .
Any lingering hope of a call - up into England 's World Cup 's squad has been extinguished and his club manager , Sir Alex Ferguson , will have to complete the season with only two experienced strikers , Wayne Rooney and Dimitar Berbatov .
" Unfortunately the specialist says I will miss the end of the season , " Owen said .
" I have loved every minute of my first campaign with Manchester United and have already enjoyed some memorable moments .
I am determined to come back at the start of next season in peak condition . "
Bookmakers have made Owen 1 - 8 never to play for England again after the latest setback in a career that has been almost as notable for his susceptibility to injury as his prowess in front of goal .
The striker had almost no chance of going to the World Cup anyway , having played only a peripheral role for United this season , 20 of his 31 appearances having come as a substitute .
The 30 - year - old , who arrived at Old Trafford on a free transfer from Newcastle United last summer , has scored nine times , including the equalising goal against Villa at Wembley .
After that match it was suggested it would be " a few weeks " before he was fit again .
" Unfortunately it 's more serious than we thought , " Ferguson said .
" It 's a terrible blow for the lad and disappointing news for us too .
He has never missed a training session all season .
I think the heavy pitch at Wembley on Sunday made some contribution to it but really it is just bad luck . "
Rooney 's remarkable scoring form will compensate to a degree but United 's other attacking options are limited , with Federico Macheda having regressed since his introduction last season and Daniel Welbeck , tipped by Ferguson last summer to be a World Cup player , on loan at Preston North End .
Berbatov 's form has been erratic – the Bulgarian has a similar record to Owen with nine goals in 31 games , 21 of them starts – and the Senagalese striker Mame Biram Diouf is new to English football after signing from the Norwegian club Molde in January .
BOSTON — President Obama is once again eye - ball - to - eye - ball with Israel ’s Benjamin Netanyahu over Jewish settlements in the occupied territories .
Obama lost the last one when he called for a complete settlement freeze soon after he was elected .
Netanyahu ignored him , and there were no consequences .
At least , not for Netanyahu ’s government .
There were consequences in the Arab world where expectations had been raised by Obama ’s historic speech last June in Cairo , which seemed to offer a new relationship with the Muslim world .
Obama ’s back - down made it much more difficult to get the kind of support he needs against extremism , against Iran , and for an Arab - Israeli peace .
There were consequences in the United States , for it is beginning to dawn on strategic planners that the continued Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands is directly detrimental to American security .
No less a figure than Gen. David Petraeus , the most respected military man in America , weighed in on the issue before the Senate Armed Services Committee saying : “ The ( Arab - Israeli ) conflict foments anti-American sentiment due to a perception of U.S. favoritism towards Israel . ”
Petraeus , who has two wars to manage in predominantly Muslim countries , has to take into account that Israel ’s continuing occupation is the number one poster child for recruiting extremists .
And when a top American general says things like that , you know there are consequences for Israel too — consequences to which Netanyahu seems blind .
Despite America ’s declarations of undying support for Israel , the blank checks are being more carefully scrutinized .
Israel cannot take the U.S. completely for granted as before .
That does not mean that U.S. support for Israel ’s ultimate security is in danger .
Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have been very adamant on that point .
But it does mean that there is more debate today on how much the United States has to tailor its foreign policy to mesh with Israel’s .
It does mean that the power of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , the primary pro-Israel lobbying group , is being challenged by American Jews and non-Jews more than in the past .
Testimony to this is the advent of the more liberal J Street , ( www.jstreet.org) a recently formed Jewish lobby with an active website which proclaims itself “ pro-peace . ”
The tensions between the U.S. and Israel flared earlier this month after Vice President Joe Biden ’s visit to Jerusalem was greeted by an Israeli government announcement of a plan to build an additional 1,600 housing units in a Jewish settlement in East Jerusalem .
This came despite the Obama administration ’s insistence on a freeze of such construction to help in efforts to rekindle peace talks .
Netanyahu apologized for the " timing " of the announcement , but has so far refused to back down on plans to build the units .
The Obama administration has made it clear it wants the order to build rescinded .
And that right now is the line in the sand between Netanyahu and his cabinet and Obama and his administration .
For now , Netanyahu blames his cabinet .
And it seems Netanyahu is consistently unable to keep his coalition partners in check .
He gave the foreign ministry to the virulently anti-Arab Avigdor Lieberman and his Yisrael Beiteinu Party , only to have it publicly insult the ambassador from Israel ’s important regional ally , Turkey .
Later , the foreign ministry insulted the head of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , William Delahunt , and four other visiting members of the U.S. Congress , by refusing to see them because their visit was sponsored by J Street .
Since Israel ’s lobbying support traditionally comes through the U.S. Congress , this seemed inexplicitly short sighted .
Netanyahu gave the Interior Ministry to the Orthodox Shas Party , which announced the now - famous East Jerusalem housing decision just as Biden flew in to get Palestinain - Israeli talks going .
But Netanyahu cannot duck the responsibility for these acts , which may stem from Obama ’s original climb down , which the Israeli prime minister may have taken to mean that Obama was weak and could be defied with impunity .
Of course one could say that Obama should never have ordered a settlement freeze , but once having made it , backing down damaged his foreign policy .
One could also say , and many Israelis do , that ultimately their own security rests on a settlement with the Palestinians .
As Britain and France found out , the cost of colonialism can become politically and strategically too high to maintain .
Yet both Britain and France held on to their colonies longer than self interest would demand , and the power of the Jewish settler movement in Israel is considerable – just as was the French settler movement in Algeria .
Netanyahu is more of a political opportunist than a Greater - Israel ideologue .
But his power rests with the Israeli right , which is not yet prepared to preside over the dissolution of Israeli colonies captured in the 1967 war — even though many , perhaps most , Israelis know it has got to come .
Efforts are being made to calm down the Israeli - American confrontation .
AIPAC is about to have its annual meeting , at which both Netanyahu and Clinton are scheduled to speak .
The pro-Israel lobby is weighting in with a flood of opinion pieces aimed at publication in American newspapers .
And a push to encourage more than a couple of dozen Congressmen to urge Obama to back down again .
But Obama cannot afford to lose this one .
Yes , it would be good if tensions between Washington and Jerusalem can begin to ease , but not at the cost of an Obama foreign policy defeat , especially in such an important arena as the Middle East .
The irony is that a Netanyahu victory in this encounter will not help Israel either , not in the long run .
Editor 's note :
This story was updated to correct the spelling of a name .
* “ Avatar ” grosses $ 1.02 billion at worldwide box office
* Already fourth - biggest movie of all time
* Poised to beat “ Dark Knight ” in North America
( updates with worldwide sales , more films in North America )
LOS ANGELES , Jan 3 ( Reuters ) - “ Avatar ” sped past the $ 1 billion mark at the worldwide box office after three weekends in release , making it the fourth - biggest movie of all time , according to data released on Sunday .
James Cameron ’s 3 - D sci-fi epic earned $ 1.02 billion , powered by sales of $ 202 million during the New Year holiday weekend , distributor 20th Century Fox said .
The only movies ahead of it are Cameron ’s “ Titanic ” ( $ 1.8 billion ) , “ The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King ” ( $ 1.12 billion ) , and “ Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man ’s Chest ” ( $ 1.07 billion ) .
North American moviegoers chipped in $ 68.3 million , setting a record for a film in its third weekend .
The old mark of $ 45 million was set by “ Spider - Man ” in 2002 .
After 17 days in cinemas across the United States and Canada , “ Avatar ” has earned $ 352.1 million , placing it at No. 15 among all movies in terms of ticket sales .
Fox , a unit of News Corp.
NWSA.O , forecast the film would end up in the $ 500 million range in the North American market .
Cameron ’s 1997 drama “ Titanic , ” the biggest film of all time before accounting for inflation , earned $ 601 million , followed by 2008 ’s “ The Dark Knight ” with $ 533 million .
“ Star Wars ” currently holds the No. 3 berth with $ 461 million .
“ This is like a freight train out of control , ” said Fox distribution executive Bert Livingston .
“ It just keeps on going . ”
Even “ Titanic ” could be threatened .
When ticket - price inflation is included , that film had earned $ 241 million after 17 days , according to tracking firm Box Office Mojo .
FOREIGN SALES AT $ 670 MILLION
The international total for “ Avatar ” stands at $ 670.2 million .
The film is playing virtually everywhere .
It opened in China on Saturday , and will reach Italy -- its final market -- on Jan. 15 .
“ Avatar ” is the tale of a disabled ex-Marine sent from Earth to infiltrate a race of 10 - foot blue aliens and persuade them to let his employer mine their homeland for natural resources .
It was reportedly the most expensive film ever made , with a budget of at least $ 300 million .
In the absence of any major new releases , the rankings of the rest of the films in the North American top 10 were largely unchanged from the previous week .
" Sherlock Holmes " was No. 2 with $ 38.4 million , taking the 10 - day total for the Robert Downey Jr. action - adventure to $ 140.7 million .
It was released by Warner Bros .
Pictures , a unit of Time Warner Inc. TWX.N .
Fox ’s family offering “ Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Squeakquel ” followed at No. 3 with $ 36.6 million , and a 12 - day total of $ 157.3 million .
The Universal Pictures comedy " It 's Complicated " held steady at No. 4 in its second weekend with $ 18.7 million .
The film , starring Meryl Streep , Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin , has earned $ 59.1 million .
Universal is a unit of General Electric Co. GE.N .
The Sandra Bullock smash “ The Blind Side ” was No. 5 with $ 12.7 million .
Warner Bros. ’ football - themed drama has earned $ 209.1 million after seven weekends .
( Reporting by Dean Goodman and Jim Finkle ; Editing by Paul Simao )
Admit it : you 're crying a little bit now , are n't you ?
Now , here 's the thing : this ad , from Google 's " Search Stories " YouTube channel , is from back in November , but John Battelle says he's got a source telling him that ' Parisian Love ' is the one that will air tomorrow night , during the third quarter of the SuperBowl .
Either way , Google 's Eric Schmidt tweeted that he could n't wait to watch tomorrow , in addition to something about " hell freezing over . "
So ... that 's the first good reason we 've heard to tune in .
You with us ?
By now , we are all used to out - of - state Religious Right groups descending on places like Maine , Washington , DC , and elsewhere in order to set up shop in their nonstop effort to fight marriage equality … but I have to admit that I never expected them to start exporting their efforts abroad .
But here they are , setting their sights on now fighting marriage equality in Mexico :
Two and a half months since Erik Verlinde submitted his entropic gravity paper , and all of physics and cosmology has turned into entropy .
Well , I am exaggerating a bit , and perhaps more than just a bit .
Yet , fact is that within two weeks of Erik 's publication a steady stream of ' entropic everything ' papers has developed at a rate of close to one paper per day .
Gravity , Einstein 's equations , cosmic expansion , dark energy , primordial inflation , dark mass : it 's all entropic .
Chaos rules .
Entropy is king !
Or is it ?
Could it be that an ' entropic bandwagon ' has started rolling ?
Is this all not just a fad appealing to scientist tired of string theory ?
What is this elusive entropic force anyway ?
Do these folks really believe bits of information attract each other ?
Of cause not .
Bits do n't attract , and entropy does n't pull .
The term ' entropic force ' seems to wrong - foot large groups of readers ( and some physics bloggers alike ) .
Entropic interactions are not mediated by forces acting at micro scales .
Entropic forces exist even in systems that at a microscopic level poses no energies other than kinetic energy .
Yet , at a macroscopic level such systems are subject to configurational accelerations .
These accelerations result simply from certain configurations corresponding to a larger number of micro states than others .
This , combined with the tendency of physical systems to sample the microscopic states in an unbiased way , yields a macroscopic dynamics that prefers configurations that are denser in terms of micro-states .
Puzzled ?
Let 's look at some simple , yet progressively more realistic examples .
Tetrahedron Hole Dynamics
We start with a seemingly trivial toy model .
A model that strips entropic attraction to its barest essentials .
You might feel this Mickey Mouse model can impossibly have any bearing on the problem of entropic gravity .
Be patient , I promise you all will become clear in a minute !
Our toy universe consists of six ' ray paths ' that form the edges of a tetrahedron .
Each ray path can be in two distinct states : occupied or empty .
This accounts for a total of 26 = 64 states .
Three ray paths meet at each vertex .
If all three are empty , the vertex represents ' a hole ' that gets filled with at least one particle .
If any of the three ray paths is occupied , the vertex is ' full ' and can not contain any particle .
We investigate configurations with two particles , and therefore limit the tetrahedron configurations to those containing one or two holes .
The dynamics is straightforward .
We label the ray paths ' 1 '..' 6 ' , construct a suitable starting configuration , and grab a die .
Throw the die , note down the number of spots , and check the corresponding ray path in the tetrahedron :
A ) If the ray path is occupied , make it empty , unless doing so would create more than two vertices containing particles .
B ) If the ray path is empty , occupy it , unless this would result in zero particle vertices .
Again throw the die and repeat ad infinitum .
This simple process creates a sequence of configurations , each of which contains two particles occupying either two different vertices ( two particles in two distinct holes ) , or the same vertex ( two particles in the same hole ) .
Below animation clarifies the process .
The tetrahedron ' universe ' .
The edges change from ' empty ' ( grey ) , into ' occupied ' ( red ) such that there are always one or two ' holes ' : vertices where three empty edges meet .
This edge dynamics dictates the movements of two particles that hop from vertex to vertex such that any hole contains at least one particle .
In this model there is no explicit force acting between the two particles .
So one might naively postulate that both particles will jump randomly from vertex to vertex , and will be as often at the same vertex as at different vertices .
This is not the case .
The reason is simply that there are 16 states with one hole , against only 6 states with two holes ( by allowing only for one and two - hole configurations , 42 of the 64 total number of microstates are forbidden ) .
Another way of looking at this is that for a given vertex to contain a particle , the three ray paths meeting at that vertex need to be empty .
This reduces the entropy ( the number of bits needed to describe the tetrahedron universe ) by three .
For two given vertices to contain a particle , both vertices need to have three empty ray paths .
One would therefore expect an entropy reduction of 3 + 3 = 6 bits .
However , both vertices necessarily have one ray path in common , and an entropy reduction of 6 – 1 = 5 bits results .
However , if both particles are accomodated at the same vertex , both particles dictate the same three ray paths to be empty .
In other words : there is 3 common ray paths and an entropy reduction of 6 – 3 = 3 bits results .
So , the two particles being together at the same vertex creates a smaller entropy reduction compared to the case of the two particles being seperate .
In other words , two particles together at one vertex corresponds to significantly more states than two particles at separate vertices .
This is all that is needed for a tendency for both particles to stick together .
The Mikado Universe
Now we are ready for the next step .
The mikado universe .
Still a toy model , but I promise you we are getting closer to ' the real thing ' .
Imagine a two - dimensional space spanned by a large number of ray paths .
Think of each ray path as extending indefinitely , and the whole network of ray paths forming a discrete Planck - scale configuration from which the planar space emerges .
Like in the tetrahedron universe , each ray path represents an elementary degree of freedom of the system : it can be occupied or empty .
We will interpret a ray path being occupied , as a causal influence being transmitted via the ray path .
( More about that later . )
We need particles in our model , and therefore restrict the allowable mikado universe configurations to those containing enough empty ray paths such that we have available two ' holes ' .
In this model holes are defined as regions not crossed by any occupied ray paths , and large enough to contain a circle of given radius .
Below figure clarifies the concept .
The mikado universe .
The straight lines represent the ray paths .
The ray paths shown in gray are ' empty ' and do not contribute to the entropy .
As a result two ' holes ' exist : regions void of causal influences large enough to contain circles of specified radius ( indicated in red ) .
Now imagine a dynamics similar to that in the previous example .
We label the ray paths ' 1 ' , ' 2 ' ... ' N ' , construct a starting configuration with two holes , and grab an N - sided die .
Throw the die , note down the number of spots , and check the corresponding ray path in your mikado universe :
A ) If the ray path is occupied , make it empty .
B ) If the ray path is empty , occupy it , unless this would cause one or both of the holes no longer capable of fitting the circle of given size .
Again throw the die and repeat ad infinitum .
What will you see happening would you be patient enough to go through many of these steps ?
If you have understood the tetrahedron model , the answer is simple .
You will see both holes moving towards each other .
Why is that ?
Like in the tetrahedron model , there are more micro-configurations available when the holes are closer together .
To see why this is the case , first consider two holes far apart .
Each hole requires a certain number of ray paths to be empty .
Each hole thereby reduces the overall entropy by a corresponding number .
Now place the holes close together .
Again , each hole rules out a certain number of ray paths from becoming occupied .
However , as both holes are in each other 's vicinity , the set of ray paths prevented by hole 1 from becoming occupied will have an overlap with the set of ray paths prevented by hole 2 from getting occupied .
Like in the tetrahedron model , the two holes being closer together creates a smaller entropy reduction compared to the case of the two holes being far apart .
And the result , as we know by now , is an entropic attraction .
Now , for this model we can even deduce how the entropy drop reduces when the holes move together .
And knowing this entropy drop , we can derive the distance dependency of the entropic force .
All we have to calculate is the scaling of the number of ray paths crossing both holes .
For a uniform and isotropic distribution of ray paths , this number S is proportional to the radii ( r 1 and r 2 ) of both holes and inversely proportional to the distance ( R ) between both hole centers :
S ~ r 1 r 2 / R
The entropic force is proportional to the gradient of this number :
F ~ dS/dR = -r 1 r 2 / R2
Here , the minus sign indicates the force to be attractive .
Finally , we ask ourselves what really are these holes of given radius ?
You might have noticed that no occupied ray paths leave these holes .
With occupied ray paths interpreted as paths along which causal influences propagate , this means that no causal influence leave these holes .
Sounds familiar , right ?
Indeed , the holes in the mikado model can be thought of as black holes .
And black holes have a radius r proportional to their mass M. So , we finally have :
F ~ - M 1 M 2 / R2
OK , let 's call in Sir Isaac ...
The Real Thing
Are you ready for the real model of the universe ?
...
Well , maybe you are ready , but I am afraid I have to disappoint you .
I have no ' real ' model .
No one has .
“ What about the above mikado universe ? ” you might ask .
“ That did lead to the right equation for Newtonian gravity , right ? ”
Well , yes .
But I did cheat by more than a bit .
Firstly , I presented a two - dimensional universe .
Would I have constructed the same mikado model in three - dimensions , things would not have worked out so nicely .
In order to make things work in three dimensions , the number of ray paths need to be diluted with distance in such a way that a two - dimension behavior results .
In other words , a holographic description needs to be introduced .
( You are not surprised by that , are you ? )
Secondly , for a model like this to make physical sense , it needs to be properly embedded not in space , but in spacetime .
So we even need to go one dimension higher ( and retain the holographic description ) .
Thirdly , the fixed ray path network violates various physical symmetries .
And also the model is not quantum mechanical in nature .
And there are several more problems with this model , some more subtle than others .
But we need not go into all of these .
In physics it is entirely valid to construct models with shortcomings , provided these models do provide certain insights .
And such is the case here .
We have seen how a force - free and almost trivial microscopic dynamics can lead to an attractive force at macroscopic scales .
But there is more .
The model also elucidate other important aspects of entropic gravity .
One such aspect has to do with the question of the reversibility of entropic gravity forces .
Some have claimed that entropic forces are necessarily irreversible .
In other words , in a system with entropic gravity it would in general not be possible to cause the system to trace back its history .
Reversible Entropic Forces
The claim that entropic forces are necessarily irreversible is a misconception .
Verlinde has tried to argue against this wrong concept , but he failed to note a key point .
Key is that if the underlying microscopic ( Planck scale ) dynamics is reversibility , so will be the emerging entropic force .
Using the above models , it should be immediately clear that entropic forces can also be observed in reversible systems .
The careful reader will have noticed that in both models I stated “ Throw the die , and note down the number of spots ” .
Assuming you did so , the evolution in both models can be reversed .
Simply start with the last configuration , and instead of throwing the die , read out the written numbers in reverse order , starting with the last one .
That 's all .
The system will reverse its whole history , and when you arrive at the first number , it will be back in its original state .
This is not a unique behavior of the above models .
Any system with an underlying reversible micro-dynamics , when generating a macro - scale entropic interaction will do so in a reversible way .
This is nothing shocking .
Entropic attraction can be observed in molecular dynamics simulations as simple as mixtures of hard spheres of different sizes .
Such molecular dynamics simulations are nothing more than ways to solve Newton 's equations of motions for large numbers of interacting particles .
And as we all know , Newton 's equations of motion can be reversed in time simply by reversing all individual velocities .
What next ?
The above description makes it clear what is the main task ahead of us : working out what are the right microscopic degrees of freedom that results in the correct entropic gravity .
Verlinde 's work gives the hope that as soon as we know the correct holographic degrees of freedom , a gravity - free holographic quantum field theory can be constructed that describes gravity in four - dimensional space - time along with electromagnetism and the weak and strong nuclear forces .
I am not too optimistic that we will soon have such a theory .
Yet , even in the absence of such a full description , we can still make progress and clarify further consequences of an entropic gravity theory .
In a previous blog post I have made it clear that such a theory unavoidably ( and almost trivially ) lead to an accelerated universe .
Whilst it might not be immediately obvious that clogging together of mass leads to an increase in the number of degrees of freedom , the fact that cosmic expansion leads to increased degrees of freedom should not surprise anyone .
A quick calculation shows that the corresponding entropic acceleration is of the right magnitude to describe the cosmic acceleration : d2R/dt2 = 2c2/N dN/dR = 4c2/R , where N represents the number of degrees of freedom of the observable universe ( assumed to be proportional to 4 R2 , the area of the cosmic horizon ) .
Subsequent work by Li and Wang and Gao , as well as more recent work by a group around Nobel laureate Smoot has corroborated these results .
Smoot et al recently also demonstrated entropic effects also hold the potential to explain the postulated primordial cosmic inflation .
Inflatons , dark energy : will all of it disappear ?
Surely , holographic entropy holds the promise of taking up the role of a well - polished Occam 's razor !
------------------------------------------------
More Hammock Physicist articles :
The largest distance between two points .
What you did n't know about E=mc2 .
Time 's arrow .
Quantum telepathy .
Booting up the universe .
Fibonacci chaos .
Powers of six - billion .
Quantum virus .
The grand arena of physical reality .
Game theory and the art of acting rational .
Holographic hot horizons .
Holographic horizons get hotter .
How to get rid of dark energy .
OLD DOG : Lincoln , the 14 - year - old dog used as fight - bait .
A man who used an old dog as fighting bait for his pit - bull cross has been jailed for ten months .
William Campbell had already admitted seven charges of dog fighting and failing to seek treatment for the injured dogs .
Campbell , 25 , of Porirua , had intended to defend a charge ofstealing the dog from Titahi Bay but after discussions with his lawyer Paul Surridge pleaded guilty to the the charge in Porirua District Court this morning .
KENT BLECHYNDEN / Dominion Post DESPICABLE CRIME : William Campbell .
At his sentencing this afternoon on all the charges he was also banned for life from owning or caring for an animal .
On Easter Monday , Campbell took Lincoln , a 14 - year - old ridgeback - cross , from Titahi Bay , locked him in his car boot and drove him to Whitireia Park .
It was there he pitted the dog against his own dog , Dukes .
Lincoln suffered deep bite wounds and was deserted by Campbell – and later found bleeding and hiding in a toilet block .
Judge Geoff Ellis labelled the crime as " revolting " and " despicable " .
Campbell was ordered to pay reparations of $ 4362.47 at a rate of $ 10 per week starting from one month after his release .
The basic doorway in your home has a very simple structure :
A large board is attached to a frame using a few " pin " hinges .
This design has a number of advantages -- it is easy to build , easy to install and easy to repair .
Of course , it is also very easy to disassemble -- removing the hinge pins completely detaches the door from the frame .
While this might help you out a good deal as a homeowner -- you can remove the door in order to squeeze in an over - sized couch , for example -- it 's not something you want to make accessible to intruders .
For this reason , the hinge mechanism needs to be positioned inside the house .
With a standard hinge design , this means the door will open inward .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Public buildings have the same security concerns , of course , but they also have to consider other safety factors .
Unlike a private home , a public building is likely to have large numbers of people in it .
In case of fire or other emergency , these people need to be evacuated as quickly and easily as possible .
When a mob of people rushes an exit , it 's very hard for somebody to open the door inward -- everyone pushes up against the door , and there is no room for it to open .
For this reason , an effective emergency exit needs to open outward , moving with the force of the mob .
This is also why a lot of emergency exits are built with wide " panic bars " instead of ordinary door knobs .
The basic idea is to build the exit so even the most out - of - control mob will be able to escape .
To maintain perimeter security , public exits are typically built with concealed or protected hinges , which are much harder to detach than simple pin-hinges .
These doors are more expensive to install and repair , making them impractical for residential use .
And as long as you do n't have an unruly mob living with you , these outward - opening doors do n't offer any real advantage in your home .
Here are some interesting links :
Schoolgirls were also reportedly part of a mob that chased the victim into the underground station ticket hall where the attack happened .
The boy was cornered and then stabbed repeatedly in the chest before being left dying in a pool of blood as the gang fled .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Pajhwok News Agency reports that on Tuesday , the Afghanistan senate deplored the foreign airstrikes that killed 21 innocent civilians in the province of Daikundi on Sunday , and demanded that NATO avoid any repetition of this sort of error .
But some senators went farther , demanding that NATO or US military men responsible for the deaths be executed .
Senator Hamidullah Tokhi of Uuzgan complained to Pajhwok that the foreign forces had killed civilians in such incidents time and again , and kept apologizing but then repeating the fatal mistake : “ Anyone killing an ordinary Afghan should be executed in public . ”
Lawmaker Fatima Aziz of Qunduz concurred , observing , “ We saw foreign troops time and again that they killed innocent people , something unbearable for the already war - weary Afghans . ”
Maulvi Abdul Wali Raji , a senator from Baghlan Province , called for the Muslim law of an ‘ eye for an eye ’ to be applied to foreign troops for civilian deaths .
Pajhwok concludes , “ Mohammad Alam Izdiyar said civilian deaths were the major reason behind the widening gap between the people and Afghan government . ”
Note that those speaking this way are not Taliban , but rather elected members of the Afghanistan National Parliament , whose government is supposedly a close US ally .
Sarah Chayes , a former National Public Radio correspondent who lived for years in Qandahar but has been on Gen.
Stanley McChrystal ’s staff for the past year , told CNN that she sees increasing frustration in the Afghan public over the killing of civilians by NATO and US strikes .
She implies that how the government of President Hamid Karzai deals with this issue could determine its fate , given that it is acting like , and perceived as acting like a criminal syndicate .
In the meantime , Karzai is taking no chances .
Radio Azadi reports in Dari Persian that Karzai took control of the supposedly independent Electoral Complaints Commission , and will appoint all 5 of its members .
The system had been that 3 members were appointed by the United Nations , and the other two chosen by the supreme courty chief justice and the independent high electoral commission .
The ECC threw out about 1 million fraudulent ballots in last summer ’s presidential election , a move that could have forced Karzai into a run-off election against rival Abdullah Abdullah .
But the latter withdrew from the race on the grounds that Karzai controlled the in-country electoral commission and refused to relinquish control of it .
Many observers believe that Karzai stole the election .
In short , Karzai is increasingly acting like a Middle Eastern dictator , manipulating state institutions to ensure that he cannot be unseated in an election .
Whatever US troops are fighting for in Afghanistan , it is not democracy .
As for those nearly 100,000 trained Afghan troops that Washington keeps boasting about , it turns out that the Pentagon sub- sub - contracted the troop training and “ a Blackwater subsidiary hired violent drug users to help train the Afghan army . ”
Many journalists doubt that there are actually so many troops in the Afghanistan National Army , citing high turnover and desertion rates , while others suggest that two weeks of ‘ show and tell ’ training for illiterate recruits is not exactly a rigorous ‘ training ’– even if it were done properly , which it seems not always to have been .
Canadian Brig .
Gen. Daniel Ménard said that some estimates of the number of Taliban roadside bombs planted in Marjah were too low , putting them at 400 to 500 .
He said that despite what happened in Marjah , where Taliban took advantage of the ample warning NATO gave that it was coming , the same procedure will be followed this May when the Qandahar campaign begins .
It is aimed at blunting the summer campaign of Taliban coming over the border from Pakistan .
Former Pakistan chief of staff , Mirza Aslam Beg , wrote in Nava-e Waqt for February 23 , 2010 , explaining Taliban strategy in Marjah .
These passages were translated from Urdu by the USG Open Source Center :
‘ Marjah is located some 15 km from Lashkargah City , which is the provincial capital of Helmand Province .
It is a flat desert area .
It has a few scattered mud houses .
There is a green belt to its north and west , which is irrigated by the Helmand River .
This green belt has large agricultural farms and orchards , with a population of about 6,000 to 7,000 people .
The entire terrain is flat and totally unsuitable for guerilla war , which is the preferred style of the Taliban .
It will be very easy for the allied air forces and ground war machine to control the movement of the Taliban in this area .
Now , the question arises is why are the allied forces preparing for a similar kind of heavy attack in an area where there is hardly any resistance ?
It appears there is a historical and psychological factor behind this decision .
History says that every army that went to this area did not return safely .
The allied forces believe that if they succeed in taking control of Marjah and the Taliban are compelled to back off , the allied forces will gain a psychological upper hand , making it easy for them to carry out operation against the Taliban in other provinces in Afghanistan as well .
The Taliban have become experts in fighting a war in the difficult desert terrain of the northern regions for the past 30 years .
They are brave mujahids [ holy warriors ] who have full confidence in themselves and in their quest for success against their enemies .
Time and circumstance are totally on their side .
Thus , it is easy to understand their strategy in the battle of Marjah .
One of their strategies is to send 1,000 to 2,000 fighters under the command of Commander Mullah Abdul Razzaq .
These fighters are committed to fight until their last breath and will bleed the allied forces to the end .
They will defend the region with their scattered fighters spread all over the area .
They will also defend the area against the attacking forces through the use of improvised engineering devices ( IEDs ) , including the Omar bomb and booby traps .
Their ground defense system , which was used by the Hezbollah against Israel in 2006 , can also be used as a defense weapon .
This strategy has been used by the Taliban during the last four days of this war .
The number of Taliban present in the adjacent areas of Helmand is around 10,000 to 12,000 .
These troops have the ability to attack the allied forces from the nearby areas of the main battleground and keep them engaged by attacking them regularly .
Moreover , they will cut off the supply line of the allied forces .
Under this strategy , on one side , the Taliban will continue the battle in Marjah , and on the other side , they will create problems for the allied forces by increasing attacks on them in provinces under their control . ‘
End / ( Not Continued )
From Newton to Einstein , understanding gravity has been the holy grail of physics .
Professor T Padmanabhan of the Inter University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics , Pune , spoke to Open of the work for which he was awarded the 2009 Infosys Prize for the Physical Sciences .
Professor T Padmanabhan on the work for which he was awarded the 2009 Infosys Prize for the Physical Sciences .
Q Gravity is the force we are most familiar with , yet it remains the most mysterious .
What makes it so ?
A We are familiar with two force fields in day - to - day life : electromagnetism and gravity .
The first deals with charged bodies and unlike gravity it can be both attractive and repulsive ; so it does n’t increase just because you add more and more material , because matter on the whole is electrically neutral .
Gravity , on the other hand , is always attractive , which means that its effect is accumulative .
As a result , gravitational systems have a tendency to collapse as they get more and more massive , and there is an inherent instability to gravitational systems .
Moreover , if you consider the implications of Einstein ’s formula E=Mc2 , energy and mass are interrelated , so even energy exerts gravity , and in turn the gravitational field of matter also exerts gravity .
As a result , gravity is the only non-linear classical force and is very difficult to work with .
Q What is the basis for the idea that gravity is not a fundamental force ?
A The idea of gravity as an emergent force is a very old one , none of us working in the field today can claim full credit for it ; it goes back to Andrei Sakharov who first suggested that gravity , like elasticity , is a manifestation of more fundamental properties of space - time microstructure .
A solid body can have elasticity , which is an emergent phenomenon involving a large number of atoms , even though it makes no sense to talk of elasticity for an atom .
But the specific model that Sakharov came up with turned out to be inadequate because in a sense it was very primitive — but it left many of us fascinated with the idea .
Then , in 1995 , Ted Jacobson came up with an idea that looked interesting .
My approach to this problem was different .
I wanted to show first , using known features of general relativity itself , that gravity can be emergent .
I showed in 2002 that the Einsteinian gravity equations actually reduce to the first law of thermodynamics in special cases .
It led me to study if this may be true in more general cases , and between 2002 and 2010 , I have studied different facets of this idea .
I could show that the equations describing any reasonable theory of gravity reduce to a thermodynamic identity , and could be obtained from an entropy maximisation principle .
These results convinced me that thermodynamics is more basic than gravity .
My ideas have won prizes from the Gravity Research Foundation , US , four times between 2002 and 2008 , including the First Prize in 2008 .
Q You have been working in the field for over a decade , yet the idea has attracted attention in the popular press only after a paper by Dutch string theorist Erik Verlinde .
Why should this be so ?
A For several years , there have been two competing approaches to gravity , string theory and loop quantum theory ( LQG ) .
I have close friends in both groups , and both these communities were quite aware of my work but did not know what they could do with it .
I felt they should be taking this approach more seriously , which was happening but rather slowly .
I personally prefer to take these ideas to the popular press after they are recognised by the peer group , and was planning to do it after the recent Infosys award , which cited this work .
Verlinde ’s paper appeared just at this time .
It is good that a string theorist as well as a LQG person , Lee Smolin , are now taking interest in the thermodynamic approach .
Anything that draws attention to these ideas is good !
Verlinde ’s paper is in two logical parts .
One part derives Einstein ’s equations from thermodynamic arguments .
This is not new , and I had done this a long time ago .
In the second part , and this is the part he seems most excited by , he has derived Newton ’s law of motion out of entropic considerations .
Unfortunately , I do not agree with this part , and I think it involves faulty , circular reasoning .
Nevertheless , it has generated popular interest in this work .
Hopefully , it will spur more work in the area , but in the right direction .
Q Does not your approach preclude several string theoretic models of gravity , in particular any that depend on the existence of a fundamental particle such as the graviton ?
A To a certain extent , yes , but not completely .
In my approach , in which you think of gravity as analogous to elasticity of space - time , gravitons are analogous to phonons which are the quanta of sound waves that can propagate through an elastic solid .
But phonons tell us nothing about the atomic substructure of matter !
In the same way gravitons will have some intermediate role to play , but they are not going to provide us with a fundamental understanding of space - time structure .
There are , however , other aspects of string theory which could be usefully merged with my approach , so I do n’t see these two as completely contradictory .
For example , my approach indicates a natural way of extending Einstein ’s theory to higher dimensions purely from thermodynamic considerations , which is in resonance with string theory ’s use of higher dimensions .
Q You combine your interest in science with pursuits that can loosely be termed ‘ spiritual ’ .
Are these not at odds ?
What do you make of the assault on religion by someone like Richard Dawkins ?
A Dawkins has erected a straw man and knocked it down .
I have no respect for this .
It is very easy to knock down a particular class of models for God and religion .
Russell and others , for example , have already done this a long time ago and far more effectively .
My take is that my concept of fundamental reality does not require any support from science or vice - versa .
The two things lie in different domains and represent different types of knowledge .
One is by its nature introverted , an inner knowledge , and the other is extroverted .
Together , they complement each other .
Q Where does this other knowledge come from ?
A The idea of direct experience lies beyond Aristotelian logic .
It is born out of a personal knowledge — say , through a meditative experience .
It is not translatable into the normal grammar of ideas , but nothing in ordinary logic precludes its existence .
Q Once you step beyond Aristotelian logic , what keeps you interested in physics ?
Does it not then become just a game ?
A There was an enlightened Zen master who was asked what he did before enlightenment , and he replied , “ I used to fetch water and chop wood . ”
And asked what he does now after gaining enlightenment , he said he fetches water and chops wood .
Nothing external changes .
Doing physics is like chopping wood and fetching water !
I ’m 16 .
On a recent night , while I was busy thinking about important social issues , like what to do over the weekend and who to do it with , I overheard my parents talking about my future .
My dad was upset – not the usual stuff that he and Mom and , I guess , a lot of parents worry about like which college I ’m going to , how far away it is from home and how much it ’s going to cost .
Instead , he was upset about the world his generation is turning over to mine , a world he fears has a dark and difficult future – if it has a future at all .
He sounded like this :
“ There will be a pandemic that kills millions , a devastating energy crisis , a horrible worldwide depression and a nuclear explosion set off in anger . ”
As I lay on the living room couch , eavesdropping on their conversation , starting to worry about the future my father was describing , I found myself looking at some old family photos .
There was a picture of my grandfather in his Citadel uniform .
He was a member of the class of 1942 , the war class .
Next to his picture were photos of my great - grandparents , Ellis Island immigrants .
Seeing those pictures made feel a lot better .
I believe tomorrow will be better than today – that the world my generation grows into is going to get better , not worse .
Those pictures helped me understand why .
I considered some of the awful things my grandparents and great - grandparents had seen in their lifetimes : two world wars , killer flu , segregation , a nuclear bomb .
But they saw other things , too , better things : the end of two world wars , the polio vaccine , passage of the civil rights laws .
They even saw the Red Sox win the World Series – twice .
I believe that my generation will see better things , too – that we will witness the time when AIDS is cured and cancer is defeated ; when the Middle East will find peace and Africa grain , and the Cubs win the World Series – probably , only once .
I will see things as inconceivable to me today as a moon shot was to my grandfather when he was 16 , or the Internet to my father when he was 16 .
Ever since I was a little kid , whenever I ’ve had a lousy day , my dad would put his arm around me and promise me that “ tomorrow will be a better day . ”
I challenged my father once , “ How do you know that ? ”
He said , “ I just do . ” I believed him .
My great - grandparents believed that , and my grandparents , and so do I .
As I listened to my Dad talking that night , so worried about what the future holds for me and my generation , I wanted to put my arm around him , and tell him what he always told me , “ Do n’t worry Dad , tomorrow will be a better day . ”
This , I believe .
At the time he wrote this essay , Josh Rittenberg was a junior at Columbia Grammar and Preparatory School in Manhattan .
Since then he graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and the Fordham University School of Law and is an attorney in practice in the New York City area .
Independently produced for NPR by Jay Allison and Dan Gediman with John Gregory and Viki Merrick .
Donate
If you enjoyed this essay , please consider making a tax - deductible contribution to This I Believe , Inc .
Liberty died a little on Sunday .
The government gained a little more control over our most personal decisions , about our health , about our very lives , on the promise that some taxpayers will subsidize health insurance – which every American will be required to buy , an unprecedented mandate – for other Americans .
What is law as soon as President Barack Obama signs it will be the Senate version of health care reform , which included single - state inducements dubbed the Cornhusker Kickback , Gator Aid for Florida , the Louisiana Purchase and various other sweeteners that were added to garner enough votes for Senate passage in December .
The House also passed a “ reconciliation ” bill that eliminates some of the Senate bill ’s provisions , and the promise – perhaps the expectation – was that the Senate will agree to the House “ fixes . ”
But Senate Republicans vowed to offer amendments and points of order to delay Senate approval as long as possible .
So it ’s not quite finished .
What emerges from this polarizing process , filled with arcane legislative tricks and dodges , is that the Obama administration and just enough House Democrats do n’t care that they could not achieve anything close to consensus for a new law that will place numerous new rules and mandates ( with or without reconciliation ) on Americans who work in a key sector amounting to one - sixth of the economy – probably the most far - reaching change since Medicare in 1965 and perhaps since the beginning of Social Security in 1937 .
They were so hungry to have this “ reform ” that they considered it a triumph that they were able to get a wafer - thin majority of their own party to go along .
President Obama publicly acknowledged that this would be a politically risky vote for many Democrats .
He and the Democratic congressional leadership hope against hope that people will grow accustomed to the new law , and the intensity of the opposition will fade .
And since not even the new taxes the law creates kick in before November , voters will be able to look around and say , “ Nothing much has changed yet ; the sky did n’t fall ; maybe it ’s not such a disastrous law after all . ”
It is also possible , however , that opposition to , and second thoughts about , this law will intensify between now and November .
Wrangling in the Senate could keep it front - and - center for some time .
There are sure to be constitutional challenges .
It is difficult to read through Article I , Section 8 , of the Constitution , which lays out certain limited enumerated powers given to the central government and find there authorization to force every American to make a purchase from a private company as the price of being alive .
It would be folly to predict how the courts will eventually rule , but it is a good bet that the issues will be litigated actively for months , which will keep the matter in the forefront of peoples ’ attention .
And , of course , Republicans , who already believe they will make significant gains in November ’s midterm elections , will press the point relentlessly .
We suspect all this will make things more difficult on Democrats in swing districts come November , but it is a long time until then .
What is most significant about Sunday is that a majority of the two legislative bodies have moved the United States significantly closer to the European welfare - state model , a development many progressives openly acknowledge as a long - term political goal .
Our current health care system , an uneasy marriage of free - market practices with various mandates and regulations that have led to government being responsible for about half the health care delivered in this country , has numerous shortcomings .
We have advocated reforms such as allowing people to buy insurance across state lines , giving individuals the same tax breaks employers get for health insurance and expansion of Health Savings Accounts that we believe would do more to make affordable and better - quality health more widely available than what Congress has passed .
We believe the more that Americans consider this development , the more convinced growing majorities will be that the United States does not need to copy Europe to improve health care .
We will see how that affects future sessions of Congress .
WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Letters to the Editor : E-mail to letters@ocregister.com .
Please provide your name and telephone number ( telephone numbers will not be published ) .
Letters of about 200 words will be given preference .
Letters will be edited for length , grammar and clarity .
This week HBO plays Disney Plane : Fire and Rescue for the first time .
My son who is a huge fan of Dusty is very happy right now .
Whenever there is a replay he watch it over and over again .
He collect ...
.
6 February 2010 , 04:23
Let me start , dear reader of this blog , by probing your view of equality , and also of assignment .
Two questions :
Is a value x always equal to itself ?
( For the seasoned programmers in the audience : I am talking about a value , as in mathematics , not an expression , as in programming , which could have a side effect . )
always equal to itself ?
( For the seasoned programmers in the audience : I am talking about a value , as in mathematics , not an expression , as in programming , which could have a side effect . )
In programming , if we consider an assignment
x := y
and v is the value of y before that assignment ( again , this little detour is to avoid bothering with side effects ) , is the value of x always equal to v after the assignment ?
Maybe I should include here one of these Web polls that one finds on newspaper sites , so that you can vote and compare your answer to the Wisdom of Crowds .
My own vote is clear : yes to both .
Equality is reflexive ( every value is equal to itself , at any longitude and temperature , no excuses and no exceptions ) ; and the purpose of assignment is to make the value of the target equal to the value of the source .
Such properties are some of the last ramparts of civilization .
If they go away , what else is left ?
754 enters the picture
Now come floating - point numbers and the famous IEEE “ 754 ” floating - point standard [ 1 ] .
Because not all floating point operations yield a result usable as a floating - point number , the standard introduces a notion of “ NaN ” , Not a Number ; certain operations involving floating - point numbers may yield a NaN .
The term NaN does not denote a single value but a set of values , distinguished by their “ payloads ” .
Now assume that the value of x is a NaN .
If you use a programming language that supports IEEE 754 ( as they all do , I think , today ) the test in
if x = x then …
is supposed to yield False .
Yes , that is specified in the standard : NaN is never equal to NaN ( even with the same payload ) ; nor is it equal to anything else ; the result of an equality comparison involving NaN will always be False .
Assignment behavior is consistent with this : if y ( a variable , or an expression with no side effect ) has a NaN value , then after
x := y
the test x = y will yield False .
Before commenting further let me note the obvious : I am by no means a numerics expert ; I know that IEEE 754 was a tremendous advance , and that it was designed by some of the best minds in the field , headed by Velvel Kahan who received a Turing Award in part for that success .
So it is quite possible that I am about to bury myself in piles of ridicule .
On the other hand I have also learned that ( 1 ) ridicule does not kill , so I am game ; and more importantly ( 2 ) experts are often right but not always , and it is always proper to question their reasoning .
So without fear let me not stop at the arguments that “ the committee must have voted on this point and they obviously knew what they were doing ” and “ it is the standard and implemented on zillions of machines , you cannot change it now ” .
Both are true enough , but not an excuse to censor questions .
What are the criteria ?
The question is : compatibility with an existing computer standard is great , but what about compatibility with a few hundred years of mathematics ?
Reflexivity of equality is something that we expect for any data type , and it seems hard to justify that a value is not equal to itself .
As to assignment , what good can it be if it does not make the target equal to the source value ?
The question of assignment is particularly vivid in Eiffel because we express the expected abstract properties of programs in the form of contracts .
For example , the following “ setter ” procedure may have a postcondition ( expressed by the ensure clause ) :
set_x ( v : REAL )
— Set the value of x ( an attribute , also of type REAL ) the value of v .
do
…
x := v
ensure
x = v
end
If you call this procedure with a NaN argument for a compiler that applies IEEE 754 semantics , and monitor contracts at run time for testing and debugging , the execution will report a contract violation .
This is very difficult for a programmer to accept .
A typical example arises when you have an assignment to an item of an array of REAL values .
Assume you are executing a [ i ] := x .
In an object - oriented view of the world ( as in Eiffel ) , this is considered simplified syntax for the routine call a. put ( x , i ) .
The postcondition is that a [ i ] = x .
It will be violated !
The experts ’ view
I queried a number of experts on the topic .
( This is the opportunity to express my gratitude to members of the IFIP working group 2.5 on numerical software [ 2 ] , some of the world ’s top experts in the field , for their willingness to respond quickly and with many insights . )
A representative answer , from Stuart Feldman , was :
If I remember the debate correctly ( many moons ago ) , NaN represents an indefinite value , so there is no reason to believe that the result of one calculation with unclear value should match that of another calculation with unclear value .
( Different orders of infinity , different asymptotic approaches toward 0/0 , etc. )
Absolutely correct !
Only one little detail , though : this is an argument against using the value True as a result of the test ; but it is not an argument for using the value False !
The exact same argument can be used to assert that the result should not be False :
… there is no reason to believe that the result of one calculation with unclear value should not match that of another calculation with unclear value .
Just as convincing !
Both arguments complement each other : there is no compelling reason for demanding that the values be equal ; and there is no compelling argument either to demand that they be different .
If you ignore one of the two sides , you are biased .
What do we do then ?
The conclusion is not that the result should be False .
The rational conclusion is that True and False are both unsatisfactory solutions .
The reason is very simple : in a proper theory ( I will sketch it below ) the result of such a comparison should be some special undefined below ; the same way that IEEE 754 extends the set of floating - point numbers with NaN , a satisfactory solution would extend the set of booleans with some NaB ( Not a Boolean ) .
But there is no NaB , probably because no one ( understandably ) wanted to bother , and also because being able to represent a value of type BOOLEAN on a single bit is , if not itself a pillar of civilization , one of the secrets of a happy life .
If both True and False are unsatisfactory solutions , we should use the one that is the “ least ” bad , according to some convincing criterion .
That is not the attitude that 754 takes ; it seems to consider ( as illustrated by the justification cited above ) that False is somehow less committing than True .
But it is not !
Stating that something is false is just as much of a commitment as stating that it is true .
False is no closer to NaB than True is .
A better criterion is : which of the two possibilities is going to be least damaging to time - honored assumptions embedded in mathematics ?
One of these assumptions is the reflexivity of equality : come rain or shine , x is equal to itself .
Its counterpart for programming is that after an assignment the target will be equal to the original value of the source .
This applies to numbers , and it applies to a NaN as well .
Note that this argument does not address equality between different NaNs .
The standard as it is states that a specific NaN , with a specific payload , is not equal to itself .
What do you think ?
A few of us who had to examine the issue recently think that — whatever the standard says at the machine level — a programming language should support the venerable properties that equality is reflexive and that assignment yields equality .
Every programming language should decide this on its own ; for Eiffel we think this should be the specification .
Do you agree ?
Some theory
For readers who like theory , here is a mathematical restatement of the observations above .
There is nothing fundamentally new in this section , so if you do not like strange symbols you can stop here .
The math helps explain the earlier observation that neither True nor False is more “ committing ” than the other .
A standard technique ( coming from denotational semantics ) for dealing with undefinedness in basic data types , is to extend every data type into a lattice , with a partial order relation meaning “ less defined than ” .
The lattice includes a bottom element , traditionally written “ ⊥ ” ( pronounced “ Bottom ” ) and a top element written ⊤ ( “ Top ” ) .
⊥ represents an unknown value ( not enough information ) and ⊤ an error value ( too much information ) .
Pictorially , the lattice for natural numbers would look like this :
On basic types , we always use very simple lattices of this form , with three kinds of element : ⊥ , less than every other element ; ⊤ , larger than all other elements ; and in - between all the normal values of the type , which for the partial order of interest are all equal .
( No , this is not a new math in which all integers are equal .
The order in question simply means “ is less defined than ” .
Every integer is as defined as all other integers , more defined than ⊥ , and less defined than ⊤.)
Such lattices are not very exciting , but they serve as a starting point ; lattices with more interesting structures are those applying to functions on such spaces — including functions of functions — , which represent programs .
The modeling of floating - point numbers with NaN involves such a lattice ; introducing NaN means introducing a ⊥ value .
( Actually , one might prefer to interpret NaN as ⊤ , but the reasoning transposes immediately . )
More accurately , since there are many NaN values , the lattice will look more like this :
For simplicity we can ignore the variety of NaNs and consider a single ⊤.
Functions on lattices — as implemented by programs — should satisfy a fundamental property : monotonicity .
A function f is monotone ( as in ordinary analysis ) if , whenever x ≤ y , then f ( x ) ≤ f ( y ) .
Monotonicity is a common - sense requirement : we can not get more information from less information .
If we know less about x than about y , we cannot expect that any function ( with a computer , any program ) f will , out of nowhere , restore the missing information .
Demanding monotonicity of all floating - point operations reflects this exigency of monotonicity : indeed , in IEEE 754 , any arithmetic operation — addition , multiplication … — that has a NaN as one of its arguments must yield a Nan as its result .
Great .
Now for soundness we should also have such a property for boolean - valued operations , such as equality .
If we had a NaB as the ⊥ of booleans , just like NaN is the ⊥ of floating - point numbers , then the result of NaN = NaN would be NaB .
But the world is not perfect and the IEEE 754 standard does not govern booleans .
Somehow ( I think ) the designers thought of False as somehow less defined than True .
But it is not !
False is just as defined as True in the very simple lattice of booleans ; according to the partial order , True and False are equal for the relevant partial order :
Because any solution that cannot use a NaB will violate monotonicity and hence will be imperfect , we must resort to heuristic criteria .
A very strong criterion in favor of choosing True is reflexivity — remaining compatible with a fundamental property of equality .
I do not know of any argument for choosing False .
The Spartan approach
There is , by the way , a technique that accepts booleans as we love them ( with two values and no NaB ) and achieves mathematical rigor .
If operations involving NaNs truly give us pimples , we can make any such operation trigger an exception .
In the absence of ⊥ values , this is an acceptable programming technique for representing undefinedness .
The downside , of course , is that just about everywhere the program must be ready to handle the exception in some way .
It is unlikely that in practice many people would be comfortable with such a solution .
Final observations
Let me point out two objections that I have seen .
Van Snyder wrote :
NaN is not part of the set of floating - point numbers , so it does n’t behave as if “ bottom ” were added to the set .
Interesting point , but , in my opinion not applicable : ⊥ is indeed not part of the mathematical set of floating point numbers , but in the form of NaN it is part of the corresponding type ( float in C , REAL in Eiffel ) ; and the operations of the type are applicable to all values , including NaN if , as noted , we have not taken the extreme step of triggering an exception every time an operation uses a NaN as one of its operands .
So we cannot free ourselves from the monotonicity concern by just a sleight of hands .
Another comment , also by Van Snyder ( slightly abridged ) :
Think of [ the status of NaN ] as a variety of dynamic run-time typing .
With static typing , if x is an integer variable and y x := y does not inevitably lead to x = y
True ; and a compelling argument to require that conversions satisfy equality as a postcondition !
Such reasoning — reflexivity again — was essential in the design of the Eiffel conversion mechanism [ 3 ] , which makes it possible to define conversions between various data types ( not just integers and reals and the other classical examples , but also any other user types as long as the conversion does not conflict with inheritance ) .
The same conversion rules apply to assignment and equality , so that yes , whenever the assignment x := y is permitted , including when it involves a conversion , the property x = y is afterwards always guaranteed to hold .
It is rather dangerous indeed to depart from the fundamental laws of mathematics .
References
[ 1 ] IEEE floating - point standard , 754-2008 ; see summary and references in the Wikipedia entry .
[ 2 ] IFIP Working Group 2.5 on numerical software : home page .
[ 3 ] Eiffel standard ( ECMA and ISO ) , available on the ECMA site .
VN : F [ 1.9.10 _1130 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 9.6/10 ( 21 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.10 _1130 ]
Rating : +17 ( from 19 votes )
, 9.6 out of 10 based on 21 ratings
In September 1960 , several dozen young conservative intellectuals descended on National Review editor William F. Buckley Jr.'s estate in Sharon , Conn. , to draft a manifesto .
Terse but sweeping , it demanded victory over rather than coexistence with “ international communism , ” and declared that when “ government interferes with the work of the market economy , it tends to reduce the moral and physical strength of the nation . ”
Known as the Sharon statement , it helped forge the modern conservative movement .
Half a century later , many of the movement ’s elders -- including former Reagan administration Atty .
Gen. Edwin Meese III , Heritage Foundation President Edwin Feulner Jr. and American Spectator publisher Alfred Regnery -- are trying to replicate that success .
On Wednesday , they assembled near George Washington ’s former estate to issue a new epistle called the Mount Vernon statement .
Republican electoral prospects may be looking up with the retirement of Sen. Evan Bayh ( D - Ind. ) and with a host of other Democratic seats up for grabs , but the statement , which appeared on the eve of the annual Conservative Political Action Conference , suggests that the establishment right is shivering -- not so much because of the unusually frosty Washington winter but because of the potential threat posed to the GOP by the insurgent “ tea party ” movement .
As a result , conservatives are going into overdrive to attempt to co-opt it .
The Mount Vernon statement , as the Washington Post first reported , is the product of the Conservative Action Project , which is headed by Meese and emerged from the secretive conservative power - broker organization known as the Council for National Policy .
The project ’s website explains that “ just as FDR ’s soak - the - rich policies did not work in the 1930s to end the Great Depression , similar policies by President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats will not work today in restoring to us a vibrant economy . ”
It also features photos of Calvin Coolidge and his Treasury secretary , Andrew W. Mellon , who was an early exponent of supply - side economics , arguing that cutting taxes on the wealthy could directly lead to higher government revenues .
Advertisement
The Mount Vernon statement thus aims to relegate the free - spending George W. Bush era and President Obama to the sidelines and to reinvent the conservative movement in its original small - government image .
At the same time , it tries to paper over the differences between social conservatives , libertarian conservatives and neoconservatives by reminding “ economic conservatives that morality is essential to limited government , social conservatives that unlimited government is a threat to moral self - government , and national security conservatives that energetic but responsible government is the key to America ’s safety and leadership role in the world . ”
In papering over those differences , however , it lacks the fire and energy of the original Sharon statement .
If the Mount Vernon statement represents a lofty attempt to restate conservative principles , the practical blueprint for the right ’s attempt to assimilate the tea party ’s adherents is contained in an important article by Ramesh Ponnuru and Kate O’Beirne in the Feb.
22 National Review .
Ponnuru and O’Beirne flatly reject the doomsayers such as New York Times columnist David Brooks , who suggests that the tea party could be “ the ruin of the [ Republican ] party . ”
Ponnuru and O’Beirne liken taking the tea partyers onboard to the debates that surrounded allying the GOP with the Christian right during the 1970s .
They define the problem out of existence :
Some of the tea partyers may be “ rough around the edges ” but “ are not unpopular and their views are not extreme . ”
The job of the GOP is to form coalitions with the tea partyers , they say , or go out of business .
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael S. Steele has been playing footsie with the tea partyers , discussing the November election with about 30 of their leaders Tuesday .
Advertisement
Whether the GOP can permanently harness the energies of the tea party , however , is another matter .
The insurgent party may well drive the GOP so far to the right that it proves something of an albatross in November .
It ’s also hard to see how the GOP could deliver on the tea party ’s demand for cutting federal entitlement programs , which is political suicide .
Indeed , Republicans might well prove as ineffectual as Democrats in attacking the deficit , which they compiled in the first place during the Bush presidency .
No doubt third parties such as the Know - Nothings have historically enjoyed a short life span in America .
Historian Richard Hofstadter famously observed , “ Third parties are like bees :
Once they have stung , they die . ”
But the tea party may wield a very potent stinger .
Its fortunes likely will be bolstered by the towering federal budget deficits that the administration is accruing .
According to conservative firebrand Patrick Buchanan : “ Tea partiers now play the role of Red Army commissars who sat at machine guns behind their own troops to shoot down any soldier who retreated or ran .
Republicans who sign on to tax hikes cannot go home again . ”
As conservative veterans urge the GOP to reclaim the small - government mantle , then , the question hovering over them is whether they will successfully harness the volatile insurgency led by the tea party , or will they themselves be swept aside as part of regime change ?
It would be no small irony if they were displaced by the very kind of insurrectionist spirit they embodied 50 years ago in Connecticut .
Advertisement
Jacob Heilbrunn is a senior editor at the National Interest and the author of “ They Knew They Were Right : The Rise of the Neocons . ”
Drag Race !
Cheetah takes on a Ferrari !
Posted by Steven Goodheart on February 12 , 2010 · 14 Comments
Just about everyone knows that on land , no animal can sprint faster than a cheetah .
Able to hit top speeds of 70 to 75 mph ( 112 to 120 km / h ) the cheetah is probably the fastest animal that has ever lived on Earth .
In the long , amazing history of animals on Earth , it is our privilege to know the all - time land speed champ !
But just as amazing as the cheetah ’s top speed is its incredible acceleration .
To demonstrate , we are going to set up an imaginary race between a cheetah and one of my all - time favorite supercars , the Ferrari Enzo :
The Enzo ’s 6.0 L V - 12 engine produces a brutal 660 hp !
And all that horsepower is wrapped in a gorgeous chassis and body weighing only 3,000 lbs .
The Enzo ’s top speed is 218 mph ( 360 km / h ) .
The Enzo covers the ¼ mile ( ~400 m ) in just 11.0 secs at which point it is going 136 mph ( 219 km / h ) !
( To auto buffs – yes , I know there are now faster production supercars than the Enzo !
Although there ’s some debate , many consider the SSC Ultimate Aero to be the fastest production car in the world .
It has almost twice the horsepower of the Enzo , an astonishing 1183 hp ! )
So , the cheetah / Ferrari race should be no contest , right ?
Well , since this is animal against machine , and since we know the cheetah ’s top speed is about 75 mph , let ’s make this race a sprint .
Since the time it takes a car to go from 0 - 60 mph ( 97 km /h ) has long been a standard performance benchmark , let ’s have the cheetah and Enzo race to 60 mph , and see who wins .
The Set - Up
First , we ’ll set up a special drag strip .
On one side , we ’ll have some nice sticky tarmac for the huge tires of the Enzo to bite into with its 660 hp .
And for the cheetah , we ’ll have some nice packed earth — not too soft , but just - right for the cheetah ’s non-tractable claws to dig in .
To get the cheetah ’s to run full - speed , further down the track we have a mechanical antelope for it to chase , like the mechanical hare at a greyhound race track .
( By the way , the greyhound , the fastest of all canines , can attain a top speed of 40 mph ( 65 km / h ) .
OK , our racers are lined up .
The Enzo sounds ferocious , as the driver , blips the throttle , and the V12 effortlessly spins up just shy of its maximum 8,000 rpm .
The cheetah seems utterly focused on the mechanical antelope , it ’s incredible muscles flexing powerfully under it ’s beautiful spotted fur .
Three , two , one …. they ’re off !
The Ferrari gets the green light at the same moment the mechanical antelope takes off .
The race is on !
The Enzo driver has to be careful ; with all that horsepower , even the massive tires of the Ferrari will go up in smoke if he just floors it .
But the driver is a pro , and the Enzo explodes off the starting line ….
One - thousand one !
Only to find that in just 1 second , the cheetah is already yards ahead and is pulling away !
In just three strides , the cheetah is already going 40 mph !
The Enzo is n’t even out of 1st gear !
One - thousand two !
The Enzo ’s engine howl ’s like a banshee as it revs to 8,000 rpm and its full 660 hp .
The Enzo ’ semi-automatic transmission has a shift time of just 150 milliseconds , and it rips through 1st and into 2nd gear in the blink of eye .
Yet incredibly , in just over 2 seconds , the cheetah is already going nearly 55 mph !
The cheetah ’s lead actually grows .
The amazing cat ’s legs are a blur .
Its incredibly flexible spine acts like a giant uncoiling spring with each bound of the cheetah ’s powerful legs .
As the cheetah runs , only one foot at a time touches the ground .
There are two points , in its 20 to 25 foot ( 7 - 8 metres ) stride when no feet touch the ground , as they are fully extended and then totally doubled up .
Nearing full speed , the cheetah is running at about 3 strides per second .
It will pass 60 mph well under 3 seconds !
One - thousand three !
The cheetah has already blown by 60 mph and is now going 64 - 65 mph .
The cheetah wins !
At three seconds , the Ferrari is still just shy of 60 mph and still catching up .
But now its acceleration is far greater than the cheetah ’s , and in another half a second or so , the 660 hp red missile finally blows by the cheetah , who has now hit its maximum 75 mph .
Amazing , no ?
Scientists have measured cheetahs accelerating to 64 - 65 mph in just 3 seconds .
It takes an Enzo Ferrari 3.65 seconds to get to 64 mph— nearly a second more !
When it comes to pure acceleration from a standing start , the cheetah can embarrass million dollar supercars .
( The world ’s fastest production car , the 1183 horsepower SSC Ultimate Aero , mentioned above , does 0 - 60 in just 2.78 seconds .
By my calculations , this acceleration just might tie the cheetah ’s acceleration .
If the Aero is faster , it ’s not by much , since in 3 seconds the cheetah is already doing 64 - 65 mph .
Perhaps the 4 - wheel drive , $ 1.7 million Bugatti Veyron , which does 0 - 60 in 2.5 seconds could best the Cheetah .
But , I would n’t bet on it ! )
Meet the King of Speed
The cheetah ( Acinonyx jubatus ) is an unusual cat , and not just because of its unparalleled speed .
Although it is a member of the cat family ( Felidae ) it lacks climbing abilities and has semi-retractable claws that look more like a dog ’s than a cat ’s .
These unusual cat claws give it great traction for running but are useless for escaping enemies up trees .
Unlike “ true ” big cats ( lions , tigers , jaguars , leopards ) , the cheetah can purr as it inhales , but can not roar .
By contrast , the big cats can roar but cannot purr , except while exhaling .
Compared to lions , the cheetah is not a large predator .
Cheetahs stand 67 to 94 cm ( 26 to 37 in ) high at the shoulder .
The largest adult cheetah might weigh 36 to 65 kg ( 140 - 150 pounds ) , while a male lion can be 250 kg ( 550 lb ) in body weight .
Cheetahs range in body length from from 115 to 135 cm ( 45 to 53 in ) .
The long , beautiful tail , which the cheetah uses like a rudder to make sharp turns during a chase , can measure up to 84 cm ( 33 in ) in length .
Cheetahs are built for one thing — speed .
Compared to other big cats , their head is small and they lack the powerful jaws and fang - like canine teeth .
They are built to run , not fight , and can fall prey to lions , leopards , and even hyenas .
Their only defense it to run .
Because the cheetah is not a big cat , and because cheetahs tend to be solitary , the sad fact is that up to 90 % of cheetah cubs are killed by lions , leopards , hyenas , wild dogs , or even by eagles .
This high infant mortality rate , combined with genetic problems caused by severe inbreeding , and environmental pressures , means that cheetahs , as a species , are living right on the edge .
They are considered a vulnerable or endangered species by most conservation organizations .
There are probably only nine to twelve thousand cheetahs alive in the world .
The largest single population is to be found in Namibia , in extreme southwestern Africa , where there are about twenty - five hundred cheetahs .
( Namibia is apparently the only country in the world that includes protection of its environment and native wildlife in its constitution . )
Cheetahs do not breed well in captivity .
Although there have been sporadic successes , by and large the population in zoos is not self - sustaining .
Groups like the Cheetah Conservation Fund ( CCF )
http://www.cheetah.org/
are working to save the cheetah , and South Africa ’s De Wildt Cheetah Breeding Center is the one notable exception in terms of successful cheetah breeding .
De Wildt Cheetah and Wildlife Centre
What a tragedy it would be to lose the cheetah , arguably the fastest land animal that ’s ever lived on our amazing “ pale blue dot ” of a planet .
Like so many other species on land and in the oceans , the cheetah faces a bleak future unless we human beings fundamentally change the way we relate to our planet and its animals , plants , and ecosystems .
Fascinating Cheetah Factsheet from CCF ( click for PDF )
Cheetah sets new fastest land animal record
♥♥♥
A Boston court has issued an arrest warrant for the man detained by police Sunday for allegedly trying to copy early code for upcoming shooter Breach , Kotaku has learned .
Advertisement
Justin D. May , 20 , of Delaware , failed to show for his arraignment this morning and an arrest warrant has been issued , Suffolk County District Attorney press secretary Jake Wark told Kotaku .
Advertisement
May faces charges of larceny over $ 250 and buying , selling or receiving stolen trade secrets .
May could face up to five years or a $ 25,000 fine on the first charge and up to five years or a $ 500 fine and imprisonment of up to two years on the second charge .
Shortly before 4 p.m. Sunday , Boston police working at the Hynes Convention Center during the weekend 's Penny Arcade Expo were approached by the assistant public safety manager of the center who told them they were detaining May for an attempted theft , according to the police report obtained by Kotaku .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
After being advised of his rights , May told police that he had downloaded part of a game by Atomic Games and then had tried to run from the scene .
An employee of the publisher told police that the game , Breach , was likely worth more than $ 6 million dollars .
But contacted Monday for comment , Atomic Games spokesman David Tractenberg said the exact value of the game is unknown .
Advertisement
" We know it 's in the millions , " he said .
Tractenberg told Kotaku that he was in the middle of a video taped interview with Atomic Games president Peter Tamte when he saw May run behind the camera crew with a laptop in hand and two quality assurance testers chasing him .
Advertisement
After the interview , Tractenberg went to a security office where he found May sitting in front of an open laptop .
May told the employees , police and security present that he had tried to steal the game .
Tractenberg said that about 14 MB of the roughly 2 GB game file was on the desktop of the open and powered - up Dell laptop .
Advertisement
" He admitted to me several times that he had taken it , " Tractenberg said .
" He said he was just going to play it , and then he said he was going to play it with his friends . "
May acted oddly flippant during the interview following his arrest , Tractenberg said , joking several times with police .
Advertisement
At one point officers , seemingly concerned about his state of mind , asked him if he knew where he was .
After saying he did , and answering PAX , he then asked police if not knowing would " get me out of this . "
Later , Tractenberg said , May offered to give the arresting officer $ 100 to " get me out of this . "
Advertisement
Despite his bizarre behavior , May appears to have had a plan .
May had been seeing hanging around Atomic Games booth prior to the attempted theft , Tractenberg said .
And he made his move when the person watching the booth 's laptop left to use the bathroom .
An observant QA tester spotted May standing over the company 's equipment with a laptop and a cable running between the two .
Advertisement
When the employee confronted May , Tractenberg said , May asked to turn off his laptop and then instead unplugged the cord and ran for it .
Two employees gave chase , with one slipping around to cut May off before he could make it to the escalator .
Advertisement
When confronted , May gave up without a struggle .
Kotaku witnessed part of May 's bizarre theft attempt first - hand .
A little after 3 p.m. , one of our reporters saw a man , later identified as May , darting through the crowd in the area of the convention center directly outside of Atomic 's booth .
Another man , likely one of Atomic 's employees , briefly gave chase but did n't say a word and stopped a few feet outside Atomic 's booth .
Advertisement
In the future , Tractenberg said , the company is going to make sure they always have someone watching their equipment .
Suffolk County DA's Wark said that May posted a $ 200 cash bail at the Boston Police station following his arrest and was ordered to appear for arraignment in the Boston Municipal Court this morning .
Advertisement
He never showed up .
Anyone with information on his whereabouts can call the Boston Police CrimeStoppers tip line at 1-800- 494- TIPS .
Advertisement
Read the police report obtained by Kotaku yourself :
Favorite Answer
I am no jew lady , so I have nuthin to gain from this .
I aint no Arab or Muslim too .
If you want a honest answer then read those answers warning you not to visit that place .
It aint safe on that land .
Their stupid politicians have screwed the jew relations with everyone in the area so there 's the constant danger of something bad happening all the time .
I am not saying that you 'll be DOA but there 's a big chance someone either explodin to pieces near where you when you are leisurely sipping on your capuccino coffee , or some crazed out bulldozer driver hits you and the folks sitting near you .
I 'd stay away from there if I were you lady .
It 's kind of a Russian Roulette shot game .
If you decide to go make sure you have all of your legal documents and stuff arranged before you leave and promise to no one that you are coming back home .
If you manage to return in one piece then , that would be a wonderful surprise to all of your family and friends .
A friend
MIAMI BEACH , Fla . -- Former NFL star Warren Sapp was released from jail Sunday on $ 1,500 bond , a day after being arrested for allegedly choking a woman in his hotel room .
Sapp was released at about 11 a.m. Sunday -- a time the NFL Network analyst would have been helping with Super Bowl coverage .
The network has pulled Sapp off the air until it investigates the matter .
Police arrested Sapp on Saturday on one charge of misdemeanor domestic battery .
An arrest affidavit says the incident happened around 5 a.m. Saturday in the former defensive tackle 's hotel room at the Shore Club on Miami Beach .
Sapp 's attorney said the former player is taking the matter seriously and will cooperate with authorities .
" He sincerely apologizes to the NFL family and fans for taking away any distraction from today 's big game , " Christopher Lyons said .
" We ask that everyone reserve judgment on the matter until all the facts come out in a court of law . "
The woman said she had been dating Sapp about two years .
She told officers the two were partying with a large group of friends when she got tired and went to lay down .
Sapp entered hours later , pulled her out of bed and tried to get her out of the room , according to the complaint .
The complaint says he yelled at the woman about men she had been hanging out with and men listed in her cell phone .
The woman told police Sapp choked her , threw her down on a couch , then picked her up by her shirt and neck and threw her down again -- injuring her leg .
The victim had a swollen knee and bruises on her neck , the affidavit says .
She was taken to the hospital .
Sapp told investigators he let the woman stay in his room but asked her to leave a few hours later because he was expecting company .
He told police the woman fell on her leg when he tried to help her get off a couch .
Sapp played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Oakland Raiders during a 13 - year NFL career .
He also was once a contestant on ABC's " Dancing with the Stars . "
Analyst : FCC Simply Unwilling To Stand Up To Major Carriers
And the national broadband plan 's going to fail because of it ...
We 've been very hard lately on the FCC 's broadband plan , noting repeatedly that it fails to tackle competition , and that the agency seems completely unwilling to make any significant decision that would ruffle feathers at the nation 's wealthiest and largest carriers .
Recent comments by plan architect Blair Levin only served to support that assessment , indicating that Levin and several high - ranking officials at the FCC fear incumbent lobbying influence and possible political fallout from actually trying to change things .
That 's business as usual at the FCC .
" ( the plan ) accomplishes very little for affordability , quality , speed , or availability of broadband in the U.S. "
- Broadband analyst Dave Burstein Dave Burstein has been writing about broadband for more than a decade , and there 's probably nobody in the sector whose head is more stuffed with constantly - revised , telecom - related facts .
He 's been talking with the FCC and Dave Burstein has been writing about broadband for more than a decade , and there 's probably nobody in the sector whose head is more stuffed with constantly - revised , telecom - related facts .
He 's been talking with the FCC and rehashing the plan in its current state , and in a newsletter to industry watchers has concluded that with a few exceptions , the plan " accomplishes very little for affordability , quality , speed , or availability of broadband in the U.S. "
Why ?
According to Burstein , lots of talented and bright people collected data and worked on the plan internally at the agency , but the end result is a timid mess due to three factors .
One , it 's not clear that the money or Congressional support is there to accomplish what needs to be done .
Two , Levin and a number of FCC higher ups are playing it politically safe , and the political influence of carriers like AT&T is too potent in DC .
Three , FCC boss Julius Genachowski is unwilling to impose tough , substantive regulation where necessary ( see point number two ) .
" Genachowski made it almost impossible for the plan to accomplish very much when he pulled strong government action off the table , " says Burstein .
" Where the market does n't work , you need to use government power to get results -- that could be direct regulation or indirect influence , " he says .
" Companies that large are constantly coming to government for favors , from tax breaks to merger approvals .
Refuse those occasionally and they have to make a deal .
Almost every government except the U.S. sees the regulator as a negotiator for a better deal for consumers , " argues Burstein .
Here in the States , regulators exist these days for one purpose : to get a better deal for the company with the most money .
Half of the time , they wind up employed at those same companies , either directly or via hired think tank .
With companies like AT&T now freelancing as NSA analysts and wielding one of the most potent lobbying operations in the world ( with the ability to change the law should they break it ) , it 's fair to wonder where AT&T ends and Uncle Sam begins these days .
For those in the sector who equate " regulation " to puppy murder , Burnstein 's saying you do n't even need regulation much of the time -- you just need government officials that are willing to take a stand and upset incumbent carriers now and again on principle .
Every indication is that at no point have Levin and Genachowski been willing to really stand up to companies like AT&T , Verizon and Comcast when it comes to the national plan .
" Julius has adopted a policy of relying on voluntary cooperation of the carriers to get things done rather than using the authority he has , " says Burstein .
" Except for net neutrality -- promised repeatedly in the campaign -- he has n't been willing to make a decision they would strongly oppose , " he notes .
He 's actually being kind to the FCC , given most analysis of the FCC 's early network neutrality rule drafts indicate that like the national broadband plan , they new rules also lack backbone .
The result of this timidness ?
A national broadband plan that looks like it covers a lot of territory but accomplishes very little in terms of really helping consumers with broadband price , availability and quality .
" High speed Internet in the U.S. is telco and cable both watching each other closely for how high they can raise prices , " notes Burstein .
" Verizon and AT&T have raised basic DSL rates 30 % recently despite their own costs going down . "
We reported AT&T 's latest price hikes just this morning .
The FCC will be beginning a public relations onslaught soon as they gear up for presenting the plan to Congress in thirteen days , and it 's going to be important for the press to look beyond the plan 's shiny exterior to the hollow cavern within .
The press will be wowed by some of the numbers put forth , but much of it will be empty if they bother to dig -- like Genachowski's claim of delivering 100 Mbps to 100 million homes , something that will happen with or without government help thanks to DOCSIS 3.0 .
Cable already passes 125 million homes , and DOCSIS 3.0 upgrades would be relatively inexpensive to deploy fully -- assuming competitive motivation is there ( hint : it 's not ) .
That 's not to say there wo n't be some scattered noble efforts within the plan , but they 'll be focused on uncontroversial accomplishments , most of which in one way or another put money in the pockets of the biggest operators .
Like the creation of a national emergency wireless communications network ( guess who 'll get that contract ? ) , or the expansion of available spectrum for the nation 's incumbent wireless operators .
There 's an endless ocean of things covered by the plan that are simply fluff , including giving taxpayer dollars to what 's essentially an ad campaign for cable service .
One thing you 'll notice as we get closer to the plan announcement is that the FCC and major carriers will do their best to steer the conversation away from limited competition and high prices , and toward more nebulous fare like a need for " digital education , " ( see recent commentary from One thing you 'll notice as we get closer to the plan announcement is that the FCCmajor carriers will do their best to , and toward more nebulous fare like a need for " digital education , " ( see recent commentary from Verizon , or this recent FCC slideshow as a good example of this ) .
Prepare yourselves for the sales job of the century .
Just keep your receipt .
News Jump SpaceX Providing Internet To Towns Hit by Wildfires ; Verizon Launches New 5G Home Hardware In Twin Cities ; + more news Stark New Reality In The Telco Business : Dumb Pipes No Longer Cut It ; AT&T Unveils Mix and Match Plans ; + more news AT&T Extends Overage Charge Waiver ; Verizon And T - Mobile Each Insist Their 5G Strategy Is The Right One ; + more news War Of Words Heats Up : T - Mobile Fires Back At Verizon , AT&T ; Amazon Intros Gaming Service To Take On Stadia ; + more news Starlink 's Network Faces Huge Limitations ; AT&T Whines T - Mobile Merger Put Too Much Spectrum In One Place ; + more news WISPs Get CBRS Range As Great As Six Miles At 100 Mbps Speeds ; Windstream Officially Exits Bankruptcy ; + more news Charter Relaunches Free 60 - day Internet And Wi-Fi Offer ; NCTA : FCC Should Stick With 25/3 Speed Threshold ; + more news Comcast Shuts Off Internet for Subs Who Were Sold Service Illegally ; AT&T , Verizon Team To Stop T - Mobile 5G ; + more news California Defends Its Net Neutrality Law ; AT&T's Traffic Up 20 % Despite Data Traffic Actually Being Down ; + more news Are The Comcast - Charter X1 Talks Dead In The Water ? ; AT&T May Offer Phone Plans With Ads For Discounts ; + more news
----------------------
this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 44 comments
funchords
Hello
MVM
join:2001-03-11
Yarmouth Port , MA 2 recommendations funchords MVM Levin : " there is n't going to be a lot of appetite for that "
Wikipedia does a good job with the FCC 's actual mission :
As specified in section one of the Communications Act as amended by the Telecommunications Act of 1996 ( amendment to 47 U.S.C. § 151 ) it is the FCC 's mission to " make available so far as possible , to all the people of the United States , without discrimination on the basis of race , color , religion , national origin , or sex , rapid , efficient , Nation - wide , and world - wide wire and radio communication services with adequate facilities at reasonable charges . "
The Act furthermore provides that the FCC was created " for the purpose of the national defense " and " for the purpose of promoting safety of life and property through the use of wire and radio communications . "
Consistent with the objectives of the Act as well as the 1993 Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) , the FCC has identified six goals in its 2006 - 2011 Strategic Plan .
These are :
* Broadband : " All Americans should have affordable access to robust and reliable broadband products and services .
Regulatory policies must promote technological neutrality , competition , investment , and innovation to ensure that broadband service providers have sufficient incentives to develop and offer such products and services . "
* Competition : " Competition in the provision of communication services , both domestically and overseas , supports the Nation 's economy .
The competitive framework for communications services should foster innovation and offer consumers reliable , meaningful choice in affordable services . "
* Spectrum : " Efficient and effective use of non-federal spectrum domestically and internationally promotes the growth and rapid development of innovative and efficient communication technologies and services . "
* Media : " The Nation 's media regulations must promote competition and diversity and facilitate the transition to digital modes of delivery . "
* Public Safety and Homeland Security : " Communications during emergencies and crisis must be available for public safety , health , defence , and emergency personnel , as well as all consumers in need .
The Nation 's critical communications infrastructure must be reliable , interoperable , redundant , and rapidly restorable . "
* Modernize the FCC : " The Commission shall strive to be highly productive , adaptive , and innovative organization that maximises the benefits to stakeholders , staff , and management from effective systems , processes , resources , and organizational culture . "
Key words to me :
• Adequate facilities -- we pay # 1 prices in the world but our average speeds are more like 20th or something ( depending on the survey ) , nowhere near the first tier .
• Competition -- most have one choice , some have two , some have zero .
This is not enough for a meaningful choice .
We would n't have to be talking about certain ISP policies so much if customers there had a large number of choices .
•all the people of the United States -- that 's why the FCC is n't a cushion between the carriers and us , they 're supposed to represent us .
Can you see the Open Internet duty above ?
I can .
FCC -- behave differently .
Do n't try to smooth the contours of the way carriers want to do things to try to appease a demanding and over - charged public , BE THE PUBLIC .
That 's your job .
The FCC seems to think its mission is to serve as a cushion between the public and the carriers .
Wikipedia does a good job with the FCC 's actual mission : Key words to me : •Adequate facilities -- we pay # 1 prices in the world but our average speeds are more like 20th or something ( depending on the survey ) , nowhere near the first tier .
•Competition -- most have one choice , some have two , some have zero .
This is not enough for a meaningful choice .
We would n't have to be talking about certain ISP policies so much if customers there had a large number of choices .
•all the people of the United States -- that 's why the FCC is n't a cushion between the carriers and us , they 're supposed to representCan you see the Open Internet duty above ?
I can .
FCC -- behave differently .
Do n't try to smooth the contours of the way carriers want to do things to try to appease a demanding and over - charged public , BE THE PUBLIC .
That 's your job .
The 24h public sector general strike supplemented by private sector strikes has brought Greece to a standstill with no airplanes flying in or out the country .
It is the first big strike in Greece since the announcement of the austerity measures by the socialist government last week .
And it has managed to bring the country to a standstill : the 24h strike of the public sector under the union umbrella of ADEDY has seen a complete freeze in the following fronts - all civil servants , including tax offices , social security , municipal and county workers ; all doctors and nurses ( except emergency personnel ) ; all teachers at all school grades and all university teaching staff and personnel ; all archeological sites ( Acropolis shut ) ; all air traffic control ( no flights in or out of the country ) .
Also in the means of mass transport , rolling stoppages of work are being performed in the National Railway System , and the suburban railway system of Athens .
The public sector strike has been further supplemented by strikes in the private sector .
PAME the Communist Party umbrella union has called a 24h strike affecting large sections of the private sector , while at the same time several Autonomous unions have call a strike further hampering the private sector .
The latter include : the books and printed material workers of Athens and the workers of Wind Telecom .
The PAME strike is affecting a big range of private business that cannot be accurately reproduced here but include : Carrefur - Dia workers , elevator maintenance workers and construction builders .
It is worth noting that all hydrofoil transport from Peiraeus and Igoumenitsa to the islands has frozen due to the strike .
At the time of writing different demos and strike related protest marches are unfolding in various cities of the country .
In Athens , tension built up between protesters and the riot police forces ( MAT ) when the former tried to break trough police lines with the help of a garbage collecting vehicle ( see picture , above ) .
Lat Monday , in relation to the austerity measures , anarchists broke in the central conference of the industrialists association of north greece on whose panel sat the Minister of National Economy .
The protesters held banners against the sold out union bosses and soiled the conference with the help of " rotten - potato bombs " and other foul smelling devices , disrupting its procedures .
Reactions to the austerity measures are expected to augment after the announcement of the new tax scheme and in expectation of the social security reforms , a front that has in the past caused mass and massively dynamic protests in the country .
More years ago than I ’ll admit , I was a student in a class of the man who became my mentor , Tom Willett .
The course was in economics and public policy , and the early part of the syllabus had us read on the nature of arguing about economics .
One line that stuck out to me like nothing else was this : Saying “ if you knew what I know you ’d agree with me ” is poor argumentation .
I may know what you know , my professor argued , and yet find a flaw in your logic or add another piece of evidence that leads me to a different conclusion .
The notion that we know enough to know what is in someone else ’s best interest is evidence of this fallacy , and I have found over the succeeding decades there are many academics that fall into it .
Applied in the political sphere , it takes the form of “ why does the public not understand what we are trying to do ? ”
We heard it in President Obama ’s State of the Union address last week in his claim that his failure on health care was “ not explaining it more clearly to the American people . ”
It characterizes the thoughts of Thomas Frank in “ What ’s the Matter With Kansas ? , a book that I found alternately patronizing and pathetic , arguing that it must be false consciousness or hypnotizing demagoguery that leads the working class of Kansas , once home of agricultural Wobblies , to now vote consistently conservative .
That meme is now everywhere .
David Brooks calls tea partiers anti-intellectual and Frank Rich calls them comatose .
Responding to the election of Scott Brown , the BBC carries a column by David Runciman , a British academic political scientist of high birth ( how else to describe someone whose Wikipedia entry notes his viscountcy ? ) that cannot understand why town halls are filled with people repulsed by Democrats health care reform .
It ’s to help them , dears !
But it is striking that the people who most dislike the whole idea of healthcare reform – the ones who think it is socialist , godless , a step on the road to a police state – are often the ones it seems designed to help .
In Texas , where barely two - thirds of the population have full health insurance and over a fifth of all children have no cover at all , opposition to the legislation is currently running at 87 % .
Instead , to many of those who lose out under the existing system , reform still seems like the ultimate betrayal .
Why are so many American voters enraged by attempts to change a horribly inefficient system that leaves them with premiums they often cannot afford ?
My friend Marty Andrade tweeted this link with the comment “ But I stole this for you , ” says the plunderer .
“ Why do you not take it ?
Why do you not vote for me ? ”
But it is not so much the politician but the wonk , the analyst who makes such pretty plans , that finds himself exasperated by the failure of the public to appreciate them .
No place does this happen more than in academia , particularly in America , where as I ’ve argued before the academic does not often travel in either the working class circles or in those the successful businesspeople .
The answer to Prof. Runciman ’s question is inside America ’s DNA .
The founders , writes Prof. Carl Richard , were a deeply suspicious bunch .
The founders ’ immersion in ancient history had a profound effect upon their style of though .
They developed from the classics a suspicious cast of mind .
They learned from the Greeks and Romans to fear conspiracies against liberty .
Steeped in a literature whose perpetual theme was the steady encroachment of tyranny on liberty , the founders because virtually obsessed with spotting its approach , so that they might avoid the fate of their classical heroes .
It has been said of the American Revolution that never was there a revolution with so little cause .
Whatever his faults , George III was hardly Caligula or Nero ; however illegitimate , the moderate British taxes were hardly equivalent to the mass executions of the emperors .
But since the founders believed that the central lesson of the classics was that every illegitimate power , however small , ended in slavery , they were determined to resist every such power .
Even legitimate authority should be exercised sparingly , lest it grow into illegitimate powers .
( pp. 118-19 )
Does n’t it seem the same today ?
When one points out the connection between parts of the Obama agenda and those of European socialists we are told “ he ’s certainly not one of those ! ”
Of course not .
But we called tyranny a level of taxation that many other places just accepted as their lot in life .
Our common people believe they deserve explanations , and they are mistrustful most of those who say , “ trust us . ”
And this is a vital point — a country that has the character to not use government power to plunder a minority for the sake of a majority ( or vice versa , as in Saddam ’s Iraq ) better resists the eventual trials of war , depression , famine , etc. Many Western countries took a sharp left turn after WW2 .
The US did only a little less so .
In both the US and UK a swerve back came from Reagan and Thatcher .
I still find the latter more remarkable than the former , but the common culture that ties them owes much to the ancient Greeks and Romans .
Prof. Runciman cites facts and wonders why they fail before the stories that critics of Obamacare have told .
Some no doubt do not understand the facts as presented .
But presenting them better will not work well in the face of America ’s preternatural wariness towards power .
It may worry over unemployment but that is something that is ultimately under their control .
Government debt , however , appears out of their control and is used towards things we are told to trust .
Trust in government is exactly NOT what this country was founded on .
Location :
The South Dakota Secretary of State 's office Monday certified an initiative legalizing medical marijuana for the November ballot .
The initiative , the South Dakota Safe Access Act , is sponsored by the South Dakota Coalition for Compassion , a statewide group of doctors , patients , law enforcement officials , and concerned citizens .
It is being backed by the Marijuana Policy Project .
South Dakota has the dubious distinction of being the only state where voters rejected an initiative to allow the use of medical marijuana .
Amidst concerted opposition from South Dakota law enforcement and the Bush administration Office of National Drug Control Policy , which sent officials to the state to campaign against the measure , voters defeated a 2006 initiative by a margin of 52 % to 48 % .
This year 's initiative would allow qualified patients to possess up to an ounce of usable marijuana and would allow patients or their caregiver to grow up to six plants .
Patients would register with the state and obtain a state registry ID card upon getting a physician 's approval to use marijuana for conditions including some cancers , glaucoma , multiple sclerosis , Alzheimer 's disease , and seizures , as well as specific disabilities , including wasting syndrome , chronic pain , severe nausea , and seizures .
" The coalition could not be more proud of this truly grassroots accomplishment , " said Emmit Reistroffer , coalition communications director , in a statement .
The group collected 32,000 signatures , nearly double the number of valid signatures needed .
" Our members are united behind protecting the sick and the dying , and we now aim to educate the public about the various medical applications for cannabis before the election this November . "
“ We are excited that South Dakota voters will have another opportunity to make the medical use of marijuana legal for patients in the state , ” said Steve Fox , director of state campaigns for the Marijuana Policy Project .
“ Given the increasing level of support for medical marijuana across the country over the past few years , we are fully confident that a solid majority of voters in the state will support patients ’ rights this November . ”
Below are House Democrats who may decide the fate of the health care overhaul .
Some of them supported Representative Bart Stupak ’s amendment that added abortion restrictions to the House ’s bill , which passed in November , and feel the Senate bill , which the House will be voting on , is too weak on abortion .
There are also representatives who voted “ no ” in November , but who party leaders hope to sway .
If all of the current 431 House members vote , Democrats will need 216 to pass .
The votes tracked below are based on a variety of factors — including the political landscape in each district , and the lawmaker ’s voting record and past statements on health care .
The list will be updated as lawmakers announce their intentions .
It sounds crazy , but a new report about French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's " helpfulness " in getting Roman Polanski released to house arrest seems to suggest the possibility of a daring action - movie escape for the 72 - year - old fugitive filmmaker .
The article , in today 's Times of London , is ostensibly about the mysterious role Nicolas Sarkozy played in securing Roman Polanski 's release into house arrest at Polanski's Swiss chalet in exchange for $ 4.5 million in bail kind of buries the lead a bit .
Is the real story here the idea that Polanski might become a fugitive again , this time almost certainly for the rest of his life ?
They certainly do hint at that !:
" The Swiss authorities said that Mr Polanski would be allowed out once the agreed bail of 4.5 million Swiss Francs had been received .
They have ordered that he should not leave his chalet - for fear that the first - rate skier might slip over the nearby border via a mountain pass into his adopted French homeland and escape US justice a second time . "
Advertisement
Whoa !
That 's imaginative .
But at least Polanski's electronic bracelet will keep him where he 's supposed to be , right ? :
" He will be under house arrest and has also committed to wearing an electronic monitoring bracelet , " it added .
While the bracelet will help police to monitor if Mr Polanski is staying put at his chalet during his house arrest , experts said that if he fled , the set - up was not equipped with global positioning system and would therefore not help to track him down .
" The canton of Bern uses the first generation system , " said Jonas Peter Weber , a professor at the University of Bern .
" We can only check if the person is at home .
If the alarm goes off and no police is in the vicinity , the person will be able to flee , " he said . "
Advertisement
So , like , this guy whose been a fugitive from justice for thirty years for child rape will be monitored by less technology than that found in the average iPhone .
I 'm just saying that all of this does n't not sound like the beginning of an International Heist Movie .
Sarkozy " Very Effective " in Securing Polanski's Release [ TimesOnline ]
Pusherstreet is n't what it used to be .
The leading source of retail cannabis in all of Denmark , in one of the largest and oldest anarchic enclaves in all of Europe , is no longer the bustling , friendly spice bazaar of years gone by .
There 's a raw , on - the - hunt , bracing vibe here now .
Young , shaven - head toughs in drab garb gather around fires in metal barrels , surreptitiously directing the illicit traffic .
Mutts wander unleashed , some trained to whisk contraband away in the event of a raid by the politi ( police ) .
Looking out of place in my loafers and sport coat , I step under a crudely rigged tarp canopy and into a makeshift hash stand where wares are displayed on a tree trunk and a wooden barrel , to query the chaps there about the changes the place has undergone .
After a couple of minutes , the pusher in chief , who wears a black sweater pulled up over his mouth to hide his identity , grows weary of my questions .
" Leave ! " he yells with a rasp and shoves me away .
There was a time when hash and skunk were sold here from 40 stalls in an open - air market staffed by knowledgeable hepcats .
But that was prior to January 2004 , when Copenhagen 's politi , who for years were unofficially indifferent to the trade , finally showed up in huge force to bust it up once and for all .
Dozens of local dealers were jailed , soon to be replaced by rival Turkish , Palestinian , and Balkan gangs , among others .
Pusherstreet , originally named to be absolutely upfront and unambiguous about what goes on there , is the commercial heart of the Freetown of Christiania , a scruffy micronation in the Danish capital 's upscale , canal - incised Christianhavn district .
This notorious community of utopian rebels , who expropriated the 85 - acre former army barracks in 1971 , has much more to deal with these days than a crimp in its marijuana business .
Christiania is facing both an existential and a property rights crisis , with an aging population of ' 60s counterculturalists battling a less tolerant and increasingly antagonistic national government that sees great untapped value in the commune 's waterfront land .
The two sides are now facing off in one of the nation 's most momentous court cases .
On September 26 , 1971 , Jacob Ludvigsen , a young editor at the underground weekly Hovedbladet ( Head ) , raised a guerrilla army of six fellow travelers and invaded a recently abandoned army installation for a photo shoot .
In the next weekend 's edition , he proclaimed that the garrison had been overrun and summoned one and all to " emigrate with bus number 8 . "
Denmark at the time was between weak Social Democratic governments , and the hippie incursion went largely ignored for several weeks .
Ludvigsen declared the walled - off property the " land of the settlers . "
The new haven — named Christiania , after the bohemian , pre-1924 Oslo — was soon populated by squatters , ' 68ers , artists , theater people , and DIY activists .
Their mission statement , co-authored by Ludvigsen , called for a self - governing , self - sustaining community where the individual takes care of the collective .
Ludvigsen did n't stick around long enough to realize the dream , splitting the scene in early 1972 after being put off by the general lawlessness of the place , the pilfering of the barracks ' plumbing fixtures and the like .
Invoking Bob Dylan 's admonition , " To live outside the law , you must be honest , " Ludvigsen tells me today that the requisite honor among thieves was n't there yet when he left .
( Ludvigsen now lives on Bornholm , an island in the Baltic Sea that he playfully agitates to " liberate " from Danish " colonial " rule . )
Yet enough order managed to congeal that first year for the settlers to negotiate a temporary agreement with Denmark 's Ministry of Defense by which the squatters could continue as a " social experiment , " paying for water , utilities , and upkeep costs .
Those who dug in were can - do crafts folk inspired , in part , by the Whole Earth Catalog , the latter - day homesteading manual .
A system of self - governance was cobbled together in which most important decisions were made by consensus reached at common meetings held in Den Gra Hal ( the Gray Hall ) , a structure once used for military drills .
Nearly four decades later , issues of tenancy , building maintenance , dispute resolution , and collections for the common purse continue to be handled in monthly meetings for each of the Freetown 's 15 designated areas .
There is no real estate market , speculative or otherwise .
Change of residence is transaction - free ; the right to occupy a given residence is decided by vote .
There are a few prohibitions within Christiania 's confines : no violence , theft , weapons , cars , rocker ( biker gang ) badges , or hard drugs ( everything but cannabis ) .
Enforcement is incumbent on both the individual and the collective ; no outside authority is recognized .
In the 1980s , following some violent incidents , including a murder , urgent common meetings were called to unite on a policy to expel the Hell 's Angels and later a gang named Bullshit .
Bikers were thenceforth banned from the premises and , obligingly , have n't returned without invitation and without leaving their logo - stitched vests behind .
After the overdose deaths of 10 addicts in the late ' 70s , the community mobilized to bodily remove heroin users and dealers in the momentous Junk Blockade of 1979 – 80 , successfully prohibiting all drugs but pot and hash ever since ; the ban is enforced by the cannabis merchants .
To confront offenders , phone chains are employed to marshal an instant volunteer civil guard , like the waves of unarmed Amish in the film Witness .
Knowing that males are more likely to do battle with fellow men , Christiania 's women band together by the dozen in crises to relieve young demonstrators of projectile rocks and bottles .
The 1972 pact with the Defense Ministry , which called for a competition to decide long - term plans for the property , was short - lived .
The following year , a new national government came to power , and the Folketing ( Parliament ) gave Christianites a deadline of April 1 , 1976 , to vacate the area .
When that day dawned sans tanks or troops , the Freetown erupted in an uproarious April Fool 's Day celebration involving some 30,000 revelers .
Feeling their oats , the Christianites then sued the state for breach of promise over its failure to hold the promised competition , but the Højesteret ( Supreme Court ) ultimately ruled against the action in 1978 .
Through many such cycles of tightening and loosening state pressure , the Freetown has continued to stand defiant .
Today , Christiania is Denmark 's second biggest tourist attraction after Copenhagen 's Tivoli Gardens , attracting hundreds of thousands of visitors a year .
The Freetown has become a lucrative brand : Merchants outside the enclave pay royalties to Christiania for the use of its flag ( three yellow dots on a red field ) on T - shirts and other gear .
Critics of the squat dismiss Christianites as freeloaders , but that is n't really accurate .
No , they do n't pay " rent " per se , as Kristian Lyk - Jensen of the Danish Finance Ministry 's Palaces and Properties Agency repeatedly stresses when I interview him , but they do pay a monthly user fee to the state , upkeep expenses , utilities , municipal taxes , and fees for some social services normally covered by the city .
They 've invested their own funds in the maintenance of the grounds , reconstruction of buildings , and modernization of the sewage system , adding value to the expropriated property .
With music halls and clubs that host such world - class performers as Bob Dylan and Metallica , plus art galleries , a women 's ironworks , a high - class restaurant and bakery , and a bicycle factory , Christianites also have contributed tangible value to Denmark 's culture and commerce .
They sponsor a free health clinic staffed by resident doctors , and an annual Christmas dinner for hundreds of the city 's less fortunate .
By sheltering and tending to drug addicts , alcoholics , homeless Greenlanders , and unemployable madmen , they save the state millions of kroner in social welfare payments annually .
Christiania 's immediate neighbors have few of the complaints you might expect about a Bacchanalian circus next door .
Julius Lund , an urbane , bearded psychologist in his sixties who acts as spokesman of the neighborhood organization called Christiania 's Neighbors , tells me that his group 's main priority is to limit proposed new development in the area , preserving " the green lung of the city " as a recreational park open to the public .
The more distant authorities are not so tolerant .
A permissive 1989 law had allowed the colony to continue indefinitely as a social experiment , but in 2004 the new center - right government nullifed the law .
The current prime minister , Anders Fogh Rasmussen of the Liberal Party , has announced his intention to bring about a final resolution .
If he has his way , Christiania 's 900 or so men , women , and children will finally be " legalized " or " normalized , " i.e. , brought under the central government 's regulations .
Knud Foldschack , Christiania 's pro bono lawyer , is a veteran defender of underdog causes .
When it comes to defending a ragtag band of aging hippie squatters against the Palaces and Properties Agency ( which inherited the Christiania issue from the Defense Ministry in 2004 ) , Foldschack knows he has his hands full .
The suit he filed , now being heard by the midlevel Eastern High Court , seeks to establish title to Christiania by virtue of the common - law right to property by adverse possession after 20 years of continuous use .
But the fact that Christianites have engaged in a series of formal agreements with the state since 1972 ( regarding taxes , expenses , and the like ) , would seem to preclude this right by contradicting the purportedly " adverse " nature of the occupation .
Add the reality that Christianites are sitting on primo midtown waterfront real estate craved by developers , and you can see why Foldschack is not especially confident that he can win .
Whichever side loses , the decision will almost certainly be appealed and eventually heard in the Supreme Court .
Only recently , however , it seemed as if the dispute would be settled out of court .
Ever since the Christiania Act of 2004 , the government has accelerated efforts to resolve outstanding grievances with the Freetown .
In August 2007 , a negotiating group assembled by the lord mayor of Copenhagen came up with the Aftalen Mellem Christiania og Staten .
Instead of mass evictions , as Christiania residents had feared , the aftalen ( deal ) called for a more moderate solution .
Only a portion of the post -1971 structures would be razed , to make way for the state 's plan to restore the ramparts to their original 17th century condition , while the rest of Christiania 's residences would be sold by the government ( still its legal owner ) at a modest , belowmarket rate to the philanthropic investor - developer Realdania , which would then lease the properties at far - below - market rates to Christiania residents via a housing foundation on whose board Christianites would have the majority vote .
The enclave would be partially managed by two other " sister " nonprofits .
One would control commercial , cultural , and social institutions , while the other would oversee 24,000 square meters of new buildings financed by Realdania as an experimental " laboratory " for green architecture and engineering .
Each of the three negotiators who devised this deal , including Foldschack , expected the Christianites to accept .
But Freetowners were wary about the loss of control , and so chose to accept the basic framework while leaving some issues on the table for further negotiation .
Such as : the fate of most of the allegedly illegal structures , the integration of some of the collectively held residential buildings into the speculative market kept outside the fortress walls for nearly four decades .
Government officials took this answer as a " no " and told Christianites they 'd see them in court , where the case heard opening arguments in November .
It 's not as though residents do n't want to end their eternal legal limbo , or that they oppose all development .
On the contrary , the aging squatters say they'd like to build new housing for younger generations and continue to show off their ecological engineering and design prowess .
A team of Christiania architects hatched a development plan of their own for the community , which won the prestigious Initiative Award for the Beautification of Copenhagen in 2006 and was partly incorporated into the aftalen .
" We want to be legal , " says Nils Vest , Christiania 's press liaison andunofficial spokesman ( the Freetown has no formal leaders ) , " with the right to develop our physical community on our own premises , according to our development plan , and to decide ourselves who shall be allowed to enter as new residents . "
Negotiator Jesper Nygård , director of KAB , Denmark 's oldest cooperative housing association management firm ( which would have set up the housing foundation called for in the aftalen ) , warns that the graying residents are risking their best opportunity to bring in much - needed capital and avoid stagnation .
" If they win the lawsuit , " the jovial , round - faced executive says , " then it 's like a Christmas tree without presents under it . "
Foldschack , whose law - partner wife once lived in Christiania , had urged a yes vote on the aftalen with surprising vehemence , considering that he 's chief attorney in the Freetown 's lawsuit .
" Everyone in Denmark remembers Christiania as a good thing from times past , " he tells me .
" Not today .
I think today it is in a very big crisis .
The young and the good , strong people have left .
If you keep it as a museum , it will be very uninteresting . "
And it 's not like all of Denmark is united in making nice with the semiautonomous enclave .
The nationalist Danish People 's Party , which is pivotal to the government 's majority coalition , wants no accommodation with Christiania whatsoever .
Parliament member Marlene Harpsøe , the party 's spokesperson on the issue , was scandalized by the " upsetting " cannabis trade she saw on display there on her last visit , some 10 years ago with her mother .
" You can be very addicted to it , " she says .
" You can be very mentally ill by smoking it .
It can ruin your life . "
Harpsøe says she 's unaware of the details of the aftalen , but she knows one thing for sure :
The settlement is " illegal , " and its inhabitants must be evicted .
Denmark 's highly homogenous society — around 90 percent of the population is Scandinavian , 95 percent is Evangelical Lutheran , and an even larger percentage is European white — has a long tradition of communitarianism .
Few places could muster the social cohesion of the 4,300 residents of windblown Samsø Island , for example , who joined together during the last decade to achieve the singular feat of going carbon neutral .
But individual rights are also embraced .
Freedom of expression , even for extremists , is enshrined in law .
( Unlike in neighboring Germany , the Nazi Party is legal here . )
It should be no surprise that Denmark is the birthplace of " cohousing , " a 1960s innovation in which families combine their autonomous , private living spaces with shared community facilities such as kitchens and play areas .
The nation 's emphasis on community , with latitude for quirky , even renegade applications , goes a long way toward explaining the phenomenon of Christiania .
Even the enclave 's " national anthem " celebrates both collective purpose and individual freedom , albeit with tongue - in - cheek naiveté and paranoia : " The only place with freedom enough for everybody … /
Rumors try to smear Christiania / People get filled with shit about us /
Thousands are taught to hate our guts /
Without knowing who we are . "
Off the distraction of Pusherstreet and onto Christiania 's footpaths and cobblestone roads , one can see that the settlement is a society of artisans who respect both the seaside ecology and the preindustrial , Hobbit shire –like architecture of the place .
I had an opportunity to enjoy the warm , spare , and humbly elegant aesthetic of the enclave 's built environment ( on display in the coffee table book Christiania Interiør ) at the invitation of Nils Vest and his wife , actress Britta Lillesøe , unofficial cultural coordinator for Christiania .
Vest , a ruddy - faced man in his sixties , earns his living making historical documentaries for schools and Danish television .
He is soft - spoken , thoughtful , and wary ; he says Christiania is frequently burned by the mainstream press .
Lillesøe is theatrical and maternal , a night owl tending to the needs of her chicks in the wee hours .
Both are veteran players in the theater group Solvognen ( Chariot of the Sun ) , a national treasure that has mounted spectacular staged events in the city , such as a faux occupation by NATO troops in 1973 , captured in Vest 's brilliant satirical film Five Days for Peace .
Over Lillesøe's beef stroganoff and several bottles of French wine , we discuss their work as cultural ambassadors , in which capacity they organize massive , enclave - wide open houses , seminars featuring distinguished Danish citizens , and meet - the - folks events in their home attended by decision makers of every major political party .
Vest snorts at the widely held notion that Christianites need to follow the law like every other Dane .
" It 's bullshit that the state does n't make special arrangements and allowances for certain people , " he argues .
After all , he says , there are " different legislations " — subsidies , permissions — governing farmers , industrialists , and owners of historic houses in need of repair .
With charges of usurping government property constantly hanging over their heads , you would think the Christianites might not risk expulsion by openly distributing illegal drugs .
But marijuana is the very DNA of Christiania , the gold standard of its value system .
The first coin of its realm was the 35 - kroner silver fed ( " fat , " slang for a toke ) ; it reflected the price of a gram of hash at the time .
Fri hash ( the freedom to consume and trade cannabis ) might be the Freetowners ' defining choice , the stand they took that really sent them up the nose of the authorities while also giving them the defiance to fight .
Christiania 's solidarity embraces even the often intimidating pushers .
" It takes some of all kinds to make the world , and so it is , " the militant old - timer Dorte La Cour explains .
" We are gangsters and holy men and women and hippies and straight people , hard - working people , artists , and people who drink and smoke too much . "
( Vest is somewhat more fatalistic .
" We found out here that market forces are stronger than our hippie ideals , " he says . )
Since the 2004 crackdown , cannabis sales have spread " off campus , " away from Pusherstreet .
Outside Christiania , those who seek a nugget of hashish might now be offered a bag of heroin , cocaine , or meth .
Drug - related gang violence has risen across Copenhagen .
In 2005 a Christianite was murdered by a gang member , a byproduct of the battle to re-establish Christianite control in the vacuum created by the government 's anti-drug crackdown .
Michael Kragh is police commissioner for Station Amager , the precinct with jurisdiction over Christiania .
A friendly young officer with a spry build , blue eyes , and a quietly steely demeanor , Kragh confirms that " it 's impossible to stop very much of the drug sales " in Christiania , estimated in The Financial Times at more than $ 70 million annually .
" We 'd have to be there 24 hours with a large force , and that 's not possible , " he says .
" We make some small operations to show the inhabitants that we can come in anytime and take some dealers and some buyers .
In a way yes , it 's symbolic . "
( An average of about 161 grams a day were confiscated in 2007 , according to his statistics . )
The gang wars , Kragh concedes , were " not happening before the closing of the stalls in 2004 .
The gangs have gotten stronger since then , because they sell harder drugs and there 's more money than there was before . "
Still , he maintains , " we never find hard drugs in Christiania . "
The commissioner is proud to combat what he believes is a harmful threat to Danish society , particularly to children , but he has no illusions about solving the " drug problem , " in Christiania or elsewhere , until " the politicians decide " how to resolve the issue , either by sending in enough force to squelch the trade once and for all or finding some limited legal accommodation for it .
An intense man in his 50s with movie - star looks , shades , and a suede jacket , Per Smidl is the author of The Sacrificial Blood of Welfare , a controversial 1995 book that is , by Danish standards , a shockingly deviant indictment of a machine - like state that bulldozes individual rights .
The book chronicles his Kafkaesque wrangling with the Denmark tax authority , an altercation that led to a 12 - year self - imposed exile in Prague .
A former Christianite who participated in the Junk Blockade , risking death at the hands of gun-toting heroin dealers , Smidl has just returned to Denmark .
He credits the Freetown with saving his sanity .
" I 've heard many people say that Christiania saved them when they were at their wit 's end and did n't know where to go , " he says .
" I 'm one of them .
When I was a young man of 25 , Christiania was the place where I could set a new direction for myself . "
When he learns I am researching this story , Smidl contacts me to say he has an urgent message :
The enclave must survive the normalization campaign .
" If Christiania is gone , " he says , " we lose the last foothold of freedom in Danish society .
Christianites represent a way of old Nordic society , almost tribal .
There 's something characteristic about all [ its ] people , as much as they vary .
They stand on their own two feet , they know who they are , they 're able to build their own house , they walk with their heads up , they 're undaunted by political power , they 're anti-authoritarian , they will meet and speak their case , they are examples of people who have retained freedom of expression .
This is the only area in Denmark where you 'll find this almost extinct species of Dane . "
" I can't see myself living in a country that does n't have room for a place like Christiania , " KAB 's Nygård agrees , echoing a sentiment I heard from young and old .
" They do not dare to close Christiania forever , " predicts Ludvigsen .
" That would cause a civil war in Copenhagen … and be a shame for the image of Denmark . "
The colorful Dorte La Cour , a grizzled veteran of Christiania 's wars for survival , is the queen of the truculent naysayers , a successful visual artist who left her husband to move here three decades ago .
I have trouble finding her house on an unmarked path called Bjørnekloen ( Bear 's Claw ) , where it seems every house is numbered 69 .
( There are no official house numbers in Christiania . )
I catch up with her as she is returning from a waterfront cleanup she organized in her imperious manner .
( She asked me to join the crew .
I declined , being short on time and overdressed for the occasion . )
La Cour tells me she was determined to quash the aftalen , showing me a T - shirt she designed that said " Nej " ( " No " ) in quaint 18th - century calligraphy .
It was a nej to normalizing , to social housing and its bureaucracy , to politi — to everything imposed on Christiania by the corrupt , envious society outside .
La Cour brought in new lawyers to help with the lawsuit , because Foldschack , nice as he is , just does n't get it .
Christiania has the broad support of the " media elite , " the movie stars , the glamorous big - name architects and academics , the intelligentsia at large .
T - shirts reading " Forsvar Christiania " ( " Defend Christiania " ) are worn throughout Denmark .
Even the Copenhagen city council has said it wo n't approve anything that the Freetown does n't .
If the Freetown 's cause is lost in the courts , the city could see hundreds of thousands of civil libertarians marching to save Christiania .
" Fuck Realdania , " says La Cour .
" We do n't need their money .
We 'll take the case to the people . "
Charles Hayes is the author of Tripping : An Anthology of True - Life Psychedelic Adventures ( Penguin ) .
His website is psychedelicadventures.com .
Advertisements
In an interview that will air on CBS ’ 60 Minutes on Sunday night , White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel waded into the civil war that is going on within the Republican Party .
Emanuel refused to identify the tea partiers by name , but he described the state of the GOP as being , “ at the behest of a fringe group that ’s taken control of their own party and their own leaders are scared of it . ”
Here is the video :
Watch CBS News Videos Online
Advertisements
Katie Couric asked , “ Do the midterm elections keep you up at night at all ? ” Emanuel answered , “ No .
You wo n’t know for a while .
I think The Republicans have a level of energy but inside that energy they have their own problem and fissures .
They ’re basically at the behest of a fringe group that ’s taken control of their own party and their own leaders are scared of it . ”
Couric asked if he was referring to the tea party movement , and Emanuel said , “ I can give a more pertinent , a more informed answer in June and July . ”
( In other words , yes ) .
Emanuel is correct .
The Republican Party is a mess , and if the economy was doing better right now , Democrats would be looking forward to expanding their majorities in November , but bad economic times always put incumbents in danger , and right now , Democrats have more incumbents than Republicans .
The Republican Party still has no leadership , and the party establishment is dealing with a Tea Party insurgency .
The right wing has been waiting for decades for their chance to take over the GOP , and the election of Barack Obama along with the repeated failings of the RNC opened the door wide for them .
In the long term , the Tea Partiers pose very little threat to the Democrats .
They are so far to the right that if they do take over the GOP , the tea party movement will be giving the middle of the political spectrum to Democrats .
A tea party overthrow of the GOP would be the best thing to happen to the Democratic Party in decades .
Emanuel may not say it , but it is the truth .
This week I 've been previewing the Olympics and today the tournament arrives !
I 'm excited for the start of the tournament and today seems to be the tournament 's official " Day to Run Up the Score . "
The most competitive game of the day will feature the Americans and the Swiss .
I expect the Swiss to come out with a rather passive " play for the tie " style which some might compare to Jacques Lemaire 's New Jersey Devils but is probably more akin to Jacques Lemaire 's expansion Minnesota Wild teams .
Same system , inferior players , fewer wins .
But not no wins .
They 'll be waiting to capitalize on any mistakes the Americans make and counting on Jonas Hiller to make any lead stand up .
It 's not the easiest opening test for the U.S and any regulation win should be considered acceptable .
Russia takes on Latvia in Group B in their one opportunity to put up a big goal differential and maintain a realistic hope for first overall .
A win today is good , but not true success .
They 'll likely be looking for , at minimum , a five - goal victory .
Canada gets the same opportunity in Group A with a game against Norway .
Again , anything less than a five - goal margin should probably be considered a failure as the teams jockey for positions in the next round .
A loss by either club would be nothing less than devastating ... and kind of hilarious .
Why do these teams need to score as much as possible ?
I 've looked at the tournament format earlier this week and discussed the fact that goal differential is the tiebreaker in the very likely event that teams end the Group stage with an equal number of points .
There 's no small difference between being seeded first compared to second or third and the team with the best chance to come out on top in goal differential - and therefore the standings - is probably one of the two big names out of Group C , which I 'll be previewing today .
While Group A and Group B only have one true minnow each , Group C is comprised of Sweden , Finland , Belarus and Germany : two minnows and two opportunities for the Swedes and Finns to really run up the score and distance themselves from the Canadians and Russians in terms of goal differential .
It 's an oddity that the teams seeded third ( Sweden ) and fourth ( Finland ) end up with the best schedule for this tournament but one that I 'm sure both teams will glady accept .
Now watch them screw it up by having their own game go to overtime .
After the jump we 'll take a closer look at each of the teams in the tournament 's cushiest ( and that does n't mean " like Africa " in case any of you biblical aficianodos were confused ) group : Belarus , Germany , Finland and Sweden .
Team - Belarus
Predicted Finish - 11th after Group stage , eliminated in qualification round .
These guys are just ranked way too high by the IIHF .
They 're a nation on the rise !
All the way up to 8th in the IIHF rankings and some appearances in the World Junior tournaments that do n't have double - digit scorelines ( although they 'll be spending another year on the outside of the big tournament next Christmas ) .
They 're improving but my brain , perhaps stuck in 1996 , can't fathom that these guys are better than the Germans let alone the Slovaks .
The team is led by its young trio of Mikahil Grabovski and the infamous Kostitsyn brothers .
Or at least they would be if Grabovski and Andrei Kostitsyn were n't injured and unable to play in the tournament .
That leaves Sergei Kostitsyn as the go - to - guy for offence .
To put it into perspective , former NHLer Konstantin Koltsov might be their next best offensive player and he has a total of 39 points in his last 88 KHL games .
The Belarussians are carrying five forwards from Dynamo Minsk of the KHL and the guys that score the most among them are Andrei Mikhalev with 14 points in 53 games and recent trade acquisition , 39 - year - old Oleg Antonenko with 11 points in 21 games .
I guess the five of them might have some chemistry but ... these guys are in trouble .
The defense is anchored by recent Avalanche healthy scratch Ruslan Salei .
His biggest contribution could be some of that Avalanche mojo .
Just like the Avs , these guys are going to need unfathomably stupid and consistent luck in order to have success .
The defence is likely worse than Latvia 's which , let 's face it , means your team is in really big trouble .
Whereas the forwards seem to be taken mostly from Dynamo Minsk , the defence is largely made up of guys playing with Shakhter Soligorsk which sounds a lot like another team in the KHL but is actually a team in the Belarussian league that was created to be a farm team for Minsk .
So four of the defenders on this team can't make a KHL team that 's currently 17 - 29 - 7 .
Uh o- oh - Oh wait !
apparently they all got replaced at the last second .
It turns out the four worst players are all " injured " ?
I do n't know how you get away with that but whatever .
The Belarussians must be better off for letting these guys go .
The three other defenders originally named are second and third pairing guys on KHL teams and none of them looks like a difference - maker in the league .
As for the replacement players , one is a hack AHL defender , another is in - and - out of the aforementioned 17 - 29 - 7 KHL squad and the last two play on a different team in the Belarussian league .
So yeah .
Not much of an improvement .
The goaltending tandem of Mezin and Koval have put up identical save percentages of .903 for Minsk so far this year but Mezin is the starter .
He 's also the guy that beat Sweden eight years ago .
I imagine they start him for mojo's sake .
Latvia was basically an average KHL team joining the tournament .
These guys are a notch below that .
Team - Germany
Predicted Finish - 9th after Group stage , eliminated in qualification round .
Hey , do you remember when the German team was picked as the eighth team for the 1996 World Cup of Hockey .
They were a rising hockey nation at the time and even managed to beat the Czechs 7 - 1 ( Hahahahahaha ) to get into the playoff round and justify their appearance in the tournament .
I was 13 years old at the time and I 've kind of always thought of the Germans in that same way ever since .
After a while I could accept that the Swiss had passed them but I can't accept that they 've fallen to 12th in the IIHF rankings .
And they 're a lot closer to 13th place Denmark than they are to 11th place Norway .
The World Cup was over a decade ago and these guys , apparently , just are n't what they used to be .
Or maybe they 're just run by idiots .
Originally both Jochen Hecht and Christoph Schubert were left off the German squad .
Before naming the team Krupp " reasoned " that " if a player over there [ in North America ] plays a marginal role and gets only a little ice time , it 's absolutely possible that we will take a player [ to the Olympics ] who plays a bigger role in Germany . "
My God .
Here 's what Lindy Ruff had to say about the omission : " I had a conversation with Uwe and Uwe told me he did n't like the way Jochen played at the World Championships [ last spring in Switzerland ] , " Ruff said .
" Uwe may be using that as a motivational tool .
Coaches do strange things . "
Honestly , that conversation would have been hilarious to listen in on : " Hey Uwe , it 's Lindy Ruff here , just wanted to let you know that you are absolutely a fucking moron .
Anyway , call me back if you want to talk more .
Hope you 're well .
Lindy . "
Whatever Ruff said , it was apparently convincing since Uwe ended up adding Hecht to the team in late January along with Kai Hospelt and Oiler alum Sven Butenschon .
They replaced the trio of Philip Gogulla , Alexander Barta and Jason Holland .
I was pretty sure that you could only add a replacement in case of injury and Gogulla just played for the Portland Pirates last night so I 'm not sure how they made these changes but the fact is that they did and now Hopelt , Butenschon and Hecht are in Vancouver .
Christoph Schubert is not .
I guess you can afford to leave NHL players at home when you 've got guys like Korbinian Holzer and Jakub Ficenec manning the blueline .
Krupp 's stupidity aside ( you know who I want as my bench coach ?
The guy who did n't think Jochen Hecht should be on the team !
Yeah , that 'll turn out just great ! ) the Germans have some pretty good players on this squad .
The defence will be anchored by Christian Ehrhoff who has been destroying the soft competition in Vancouver this year but has a history of taking on the toughs with reasonable success in San Jose .
In 2007 - 08 he lead Sharks ' defenders in quality of competition and was in the middle of the pack in terms of zone - start ratio .
He finished that season as a plus player at EV and with the second best Corsi rating among Sharks ' defenders ( +7.82/60 ) .
I imagine he 'll probably be asked to take on that kind of role in this tournament ( as opposed to killing the young and the infirm taking OZ draws with the Sedins OZ draws ... now that 's a nice gig ) .
Joining Ehrhoff on the blueline is Panthers ' defender Dennis Seidenberg , the only other defender playing top four minutes in the NHL .
His results look like that of a Panthers defender .
His Corsi is bad ( - 11.21/60 ) and he 's taken a lot more defensive than offensive zone faceoffs ( 230 OZ 322 DZ ) .
This is true of literally every Panthers defender .
No one is playing soft minutes on D in terms of zone - starts ( the best faceoff ratio is 140 OZ and 168 DZ for 18 - year - old rookie Dmitri Kulikov ) and no one is moving the puck the right way consistently ( the best Corsi is Bryan McCabe 's - 8.95/60 ; remember when that guy was on the Canadian Olympic team !
I bet the Canadians won that year ! ) .
The Panthers suck and they 're not substantially better with Seidenberg out there than they are with anybody else .
On the bright side , playing with Germany in this tournament wo n't feel too abnormal for Seidenberg .
He 'll be playing better teams , always starting in his own zone and he 'll stay there for the majority of his shifts .
Next on the depth chart is Alexander Sulzer who has played 19 games for the Predators this season and will likely join former Oiler Sven Butenschon to make up the team 's second pairing .
Beyond that you have four guys that have n't played anywhere but German leagues for the last five years .
Chris Schmidt is a Candian - born player with 10 NHL games to his name in 2001 - 02 with the Kings .
Korbinian Holzer was a fourth round pick of the Leafs in 2006 but still has n't come over from Germany .
Michael Bakos and Jakub Ficenec are veterans of the German national squad .
These four guys are in way , way over their heads .
Like the defenders , the forwards actually have some nice things .
In addition to Hecht , who plays a very effective game on the Sabres shut - down line ( also known as " a marginal role " ) , the Germans have Marco Sturm and Marcel Goc .
Goc has been given the " Kyle Brodziak " role this year in Nashville , taking on the easier competition but always starting in the defensive zone ( 119 OZ draws 288 DZ draws ) .
Like Seidenberg , he should feel right at home , you know , except for the easier competition part .
Sturm , meanwhile , was injured for most of 2008 - 09 but has come back strong in 2009 - 10 with the Bruins .
He 'll probably be put on a line with Jochen Hecht so that Uwe Krupp can decide to bench them for the entire third period of every game due to " lack of effort " or " failure to shave sideburns . "
That way he can rely more heavily on the rest of the team , guys who really want to be there and play out their careers in the German league .
That should end well .
Finally , the goaltending .
I would assume they 're going to start Thomas Greiss who has a stellar .920 save percentage so far this season ( want an argument that Nabokov 's numbers are more impressive than they seem , there you go ) and a Jeff - Delauriers - like career in every other season ( AHL seasons of .907 , .892 and .912 ) .
I expect Thomas Greiss to use these Olympics to shove it up the backsides of his critics once and for all as to his ability to be an NHL starter .
Team - Finland
Predicted Finish - 4th after Group stage , loss in Bronze medal game .
The Finns are a legitimately good club but I expect them to lose to the Swedes in the opening round .
I acyually have them losing to the Swedes twice , once in the Group stage and then again in the semifinals .
If that should happen - especially with the 2006 loss to Sweden in the gold medal game top of mind - there will be much weeping and gnashing of teeth both in Finland and here at the Copper and Blue .
Derek will not be happy .
Is it a good bet that the Swedes beat them twice ?
I 'd say it 's the most likely outcome , but not by a wide margin .
Even if the Swedes are a 60 % chance to win each game , they 've only got a 36 % chance at winning both games .
When we get the tournament down to the good teams , a bounce here or there can decide the outcome because there 's just not enough separation on skill alone .
One guy that can help make the bounces happen is Miikka Kiprusoff who 's having a tremendous bounce - back season after two years in the wilderness .
His EV save percentage is tied for fourth overall at .933 this season and he 's been pretty consistently good on the PK over the last several years ( .888 so far this season ) ; Kiprusoff could well steal a game or two .
Unfortunately for the Finns , all of the good teams have fantastic goaltending and what 's true of Kiprusoff ( at least the part about the ability to steal games ) is also true of Brodeur , Miller , Vokoun , Halak , Hiller , Nabokov , Lundqvist and Greiss ( Backsides ! ) .
If the tournament had some sort of rule where you had to start a different goalie for every game the Finns would have a huge advantage over the field , but goaltending is one position where really good depth really is n't important .
Unlike most of the other European teams , the Finns are only carrying seven defenders .
The top two guys are Joni Pitkanen and Kimmo Timonen .
With the arrival of Chris Pronger in Philadelphia Timonen has been relegated to a second pairing role but he 's still playing huge minutes .
In 2008 - 09 he was the clear go - to - guy in Phily and performed admirably , earning a +9 at 5 - on - 5 while lining up against the best the opposition had to offer .
Pitkanen , meanwhile , has led the Hurricanes in EV TOI for the last two seasons .
This season he leads the entire NHL in EV TOI and still finds time to contribute on both special teams .
He 's playing reasonably tough minutes ( how can they be avoided when you play that much ) but is n't being consistently run at the opposition 's best .
It 's good that those two are accustomed to big minutes because they 're going to be asked to provide them here .
Pitkanen and Timonen are also two of the three defenders that are used a lot on the PK in the NHL .
Despite these two being the class of the Finnish defence , there 's some chance that they end up on different pairings .
Both shoot left so it's not ideal to pair them together and pulling them apart would also serve to balance out the defence which starts to get thin pretty quick .
The other player that can be relied on is Sami Salo who has played in a shut - down role for the Canucks this year and is the only other defender used for significant minutes on the PK .
He 's a righty ( the only one of the team 's defenders who is ) and knows what to expect when playing the best .
His regular partner , Willie Mitchell , does n't have much in the way of offence so it might be refreshing for him to have a chance with one of Timonen or Pitkanen .
Unfortunately , with Salo , the really solid players on the back end have all been covered .
Toni Lydman has played a shut - down role in the past but his responsibilities have decreased in Buffalo this season after he was ineffective in a shut - down role a year ago .
He 's done well in the more sheltered role but will be asked to step into more responsibility with this Finnish squad here .
And it might be much more .
Lasse Kukkonen is having a fine season with Avangard of the KHL , playing over 18 minutes per game and chipping in some offence to go with a +11 rating .
On the other hand , his last two years with the Flyers were very disappointing .
He played in a sheltered role and got outshot consistently so unless he 's taken a big step in Russia , he 's probably going to get exposed .
Sami Lepisto has been a bottom pairing guy in Phoenix this year with plenty of offensive zone starts .
It 's a sheltered role , but at least he 's outshooting ( +7.38 per game ) so it 's at least possible that he does n't drown .
And that brings us to Janne Niskala who has played in Sweden , Switzerland , the AHL and the NHL over the last four years .
In 2008 - 09 he put up 44 points in 80 games for Milwaukee of the AHL , so he 's got some offence but he 's pretty small and has only played six NHL games so far in his career .
Usually , if you have that kind of offence but do n't make the NHL , there are some defensive kinks .
So that 's what you get with Finland on D. Like Russia , they have three big defenders but unlike Russia the drop - off to the next set is huge .
I 'd take any one of those bottom five Russians as my # 4 on this club .
At forward the Finns have a solid group .
Mikko Koivu will lead the charge on a " power - v- power " line that can take all comers , likely with Jere Lehtinen and Antti Miettinen who are sometimes used in that manner with Dallas and Minnesota respectively .
That would leave Olli Jokinen to play against the " second " group which on most of the good clubs ( Sweden , Canada , Russia ) is a lot better than Olli Jokinen .
The best help left likely comes in the form of Tuomo Ruutu , who takes second toughs for Carolina and leads the team in Corsi ( +10.86/60 ) despite more DZ than OZ starts .
Valtteri Filppula could end up on the other flank to form a decent second line that will likely be second best on most nights but not to the point of being scary for Finnish supporters .
That should provide some shelter for the remaining combo of Teemu Selanne and Saku Koivu who will need to do a better job of taking advantage for Finland than they 've done so far this year in Anaheim .
Selanne in particular has struggled with injury and ineffectiveness .
When the two are healthy they 've played together quite a lot , yet Koivu is a +9 with a +2.07/60 Corsi while Selanne is a - 5 with a - 9.05 Corsi .
That does n't say very nice things about Selanne .
He 'll need to be better for Finland to have a chance .
After that you 've get Immonen , Peltonen , Jarkko Ruutu and Niko Kapanen .
Not a quality " Olympic level " player to be found in that group which likely means the Finns will be playing a three - line game when they can .
If they can take top spot in Group C and get the extra day of rest it will go a long way in helping them get through to the medal round .
On talent , I have this team at sixth but I think their placement in Group C gives them a better chance than the Czechs or Americans at an extra day off and a shot in the semifinal .
Team - Sweden
Predicted Finish - 1st after Group stage , Silver medal .
The Swedes are good .
Better than Finland by a large enough margin that they should be able to take this group and the number one seed going into the playoff round .
Anything less should be considered a disappointment .
The team is filled with elite talent up front .
The Red Wings have had their problems this season but Henrik Zetterberg is not one of them .
He is once again the Wings leader among forwards in quality of competition and he is once again outshooting ( Corsi of +17.01/60 ) and outscoring ( 5v5 +3 ) all comers .
Last year those results were even better and part of that was due to lining up with Johan Franzen every game .
With Franzen taking the place of the injured ( and less effective ) Tomas Holmstrom those two will likely be reunited and form the nucleus of one of Sweden 's top lines .
The second top line belongs to the Sedin twins who will be playing in the very familiar Vancouver setting with a very familiar role : piss-cutting .
The Sedins have " broken out " this season largely because of Alain Vigneault 's genius bush - sitting where he protects them as though they 're rookies .
And then they kill people .
The three most favourable zone starts among forwards on the Canucks belong to the Sedins and Alex Burrows and they 're not facing top competition either .
The Olympics will see a large increase in the level of their opponents but they 've showed in the past that they can handle that just fine .
The next Swedish pairing ( their third top line ) could be made up of Backstrom ( you know , the NHL's 4th leading scorer ) and Daniel Alfredsson , two more guys used to taking on the best in the world on a nightly basis and coming out ahead .
That leaves Sammy Pahlsson to anchor a fourth " checking " unit that will be responsible only to not get scored on .
It seems logical to play him alongside fellow tough - minutes stalwart Loui Eriksson ( that might be an exaggeration , but he 's been paired with Richards in Dallas and he 's definitely in the top six Stars ' forwards ) .
With those four pairs in place the Swedes are then free to sprinkle in Mattias Weinhandl ( Sedins ?
he 's the KHL's fourth leading scorer ) , Fredrik Modin ( Pahlsson ?
they play together in Columbus ) , Patric Hornqvist ( Backstrom ? someone needs to take Hornqvist ) and Peter Forsberg ( Zetterberg ?
Forsberg has 20 points in 17 SEL games and the dude basically took two years off ) where they fit best .
That is just a very deep group of forwards .
They stack up well against the Canadians and Russians , especially if they go with the " pairs " system and do n't leave one line particularly exposed .
The defence is anchored by none other than Nicklas Lidstrom .
The six - time , six - time , six - time , six - time , six - time , six - time WCW cham ...
Norris trophy winner is dominating yet again this year .
With Detroit on the outside of the playoff picture there has been some talk of Lidstrom 's decline but I just do n't see it .
He 's again the far and away leader in quality of competition on the Wings defence and leads the defence in both outshooting ( +16.07/60 ) and outscoring ( +16 at 5v5 or +0.90/60 ) .
There are 13 defenders in the NHL outscoring at a better rate ( only two are playing in the Olympics , Christian Ehrhoff and Sami Salo ) and there are only two outshooting at a better rate ( Duncan Keith and Blackhawk Jordan Hendry who has played 22 games worth of sheltered minutes for the Blackhawks ) .
If this is a decline it 's not very steep .
After Lidstrom there are seven more guys that all shoot left .
They took eight defenders to the games and they all have a left - handed shot .
Not the end of the world , but a bit odd .
There 's also a significant drop - off in play , but only because Lidstrom is so good .
Douglas Murray is playing the tough minutes in San Jose with great success , as is Matthias Ohlund in Tampa Bay .
Those two could be put together to form a great shut - down pairing behind Lidstrom and teammate Niklas Kronwall .
Tobias Enstrom has been getting second pairing duty so far this season in Atlanta and has done well .
He provides a good amount of offence and would form a nice third pairing with new teammate Johnny Oduya .
That leaves Buffalo second - pair man Henrik Tallinder and Swedish veteran Magnus Johansson for the fourth pairing which is still decent but should n't see too much ice - time .
Johansson has n't made it in the NHL but so far this year has 44 points in 45 games in the SEL and last year had 33 points in 53 KHL games .
He 's on the smaller side , but a pairing with Tallinder should hopefully help to overcome some of his deficiencies .
If these two struggle against some of the better teams in the tournament , the Swedes could always get down to three pairs and perhaps move Tallinder up if someone else is having trouble .
The defence is not as strong as Canada 's but compares well to everyone else and should be able to hang with any group of forwards in the tournament .
The team is backstopped by Henrik Lundqvist , and the Swedes really have no second option .
If there was one guy the Swedes were hoping would stay healthy , it 's him .
While the Finns lack depth everywhere but in goal , the Swedes only depth issue is between the pipes .
Somehow , it seems that the Swedes have the better chance .
People talk about how much goaltending matters in this tournament but honestly , on skill alone , all the top guys are pretty even .
The battle for goaltending supremacy is a hotness contest .
The Swedes have a formidable roster and I would put their chances on par with those of Canada and Russia .
They might even have better odds than either of those two since it 's likely the Swedes will only need to play one of them in the final so long as they take care of business by crushing the Germans and Belarussians while merely defeating the Finns .
The Canadians and Russians will instead likely need to play one another in the semis with the winner getting the Swedes in the final .
I 'd take either the Canadians or Russians in a one - game playoff with Sweden but if you asked me to pick one team to make the gold medal game it would be the Swedes .
And being in the game is the only way to win it .
( CNN ) --
The biology professor charged in the shooting deaths Friday of three faculty members at the University of Alabama in Huntsville fatally shot her brother more than 23 years ago , police said Saturday .
Amy Bishop Anderson , who was then known as Amy Bishop , was never charged in her brother 's death , Braintree , Massachusetts , Police Chief Paul Frazier told reporters .
Police records detailing the 1986 incident are missing , and a log of the incident lists it as an accidental shooting , he said .
But the account told by Frazier differs from the one published at the time by a Boston newspaper .
" It is a far different story I believe than what was reported back then , " Frazier said .
" I can not tell you what the thought process was behind our releasing her at the time . "
A December 8 , 1986 , article in the Boston Globe states that Anderson asked her mother how to unload a round from a 12 - gauge shotgun and accidentally shot her brother while she was handling the weapon .
The article cited then - Police Chief John Polio as the source .
However , Frazier said an officer , who was involved in the case and still works for the department , told him that Anderson shot her brother in the chest during an argument .
The woman allegedly fired a shot in her bedroom without hitting anyone , then argued with her brother and shot him .
She fired yet another round in the home before fleeing , Frazier said .
Police arrested Anderson after she pointed a weapon at a vehicle near the house in an attempt to get the driver to stop , but it drove on , Frazier said .
But during the booking process , Chief Polio called and told the officers to release her , Frazier said .
In a telephone call with CNN , Polio -- now 87 and retired -- denied ever calling in the order .
He said detectives had interviewed Anderson and her mother -- Judith Baker , who was a member of the police department 's personnel board -- as well as the lead investigator , Capt .
Theodore Buker , who has since died .
Buker told him that the shooting appeared accidental and the two men agreed she should be released to her mother , Polio said .
A request was then filed with the office of District Attorney Bill Delahunt to conduct an inquiry , but Delahunt never did so , he said .
Delahunt , now a Democratic congressman representing Massachusetts , was in Jerusalem on Saturday and unable to comment on the case , spokesman Mark Forest told CNN .
Polio acknowledged that an argument had occurred during the shooting and said that the other shots , including one fired into the ceiling , did not appear aimed at anyone .
He also recalled that Anderson had fled the scene .
But , he said , he could not remember what he had told the newspaper in reference to the case or why details , including the argument , were not reported .
Polio rejected as " laughable " any suggestions that the suspect 's mother might have influenced their handling of the case .
" There was no cover up , " Polio said .
" Absolutely no cover up and no missing records .
The records were all there when I left .
Where they went in the last 22 years and two police chiefs subsequent , I do n't know . "
Anderson , a Harvard - educated professor , has been charged with capital murder .
Huntsville Police Chief Henry Reyes said Anderson , 45 , was attending a faculty meeting on the third floor of the sciences building Friday afternoon when she shot six colleagues , killing three .
Anderson , a professor and researcher at the university , was arrested as she was leaving the building , Reyes told reporters Saturday .
He said a 9 mm handgun was recovered from the second floor of the building late Friday .
Anderson is charged with one count of capital murder , a crime that involved two or more intentional deaths and is eligible for the death penalty in Alabama .
Madison County District Attorney Rob Broussard said officials were considering other charges , including attempted murder .
University spokesman Ray Garner has identified the dead as Gopi Podila , chairman of the biological sciences department ; Maria Davis , associate professor of biology ; and Adriel Johnson , associate professor of biology .
The injured were Joseph Leahy , associate professor of biology , in critical condition ; Luis Cruz - Vera , assistant professor of biology , in stable condition ; and Stephanie Monticello , staff assistant , also in stable condition .
They were taken to Huntsville Hospital .
Authorities have not ruled out the possibility of other suspects in connection with the shooting .
Investigators have interviewed Anderson 's husband , Jim .
Anderson had been working at the university since 2003 and was up for tenure , Garner said .
However , authorities would n't discuss possible motives or whether the issue of tenure may have played a role in the shooting .
Garner said the meeting at Shelby Hall was for faculty and staff in the sciences department , but he gave no other details .
The incident occurred shortly before 4 p.m. ( 5 p.m. ET ) , and residence halls were locked down 10 minutes later .
An alert notifying the campus about the incident was issued at 4:42 p.m. CT .
Pressed on the amount of time that passed before a campus alert was sent notifying students and faculty about the shooting and the lockdown , university police Chief Chuck Gailes said the lag " did n't impact the safety of people on campus and in the building . "
He said there is no specific timeframe that dictates how quickly such an alert is issued , but he said it would be an issue officials will look into .
University President David Williams said there would be a prayer service Sunday .
" We are a resilient community , and we know we will come together to overcome these difficult times , " he said .
Williams said the campus would open for employees next week but there would be no classes .
Kourtney Lattimore , a 19 - year - old sophomore studying nursing , was one of about 100 students who attended the suspect 's anatomy class from 10:20 to 11:15 a.m. Friday . , when the subject included neurons .
" Nothing seemed to be off at all , " she said about her teacher , who wore a pink sweater in class .
" We were all shocked , like , all of us just could n't believe it . "
Lattimore said her anatomy class was not the only one affected by Friday 's events .
Leahy -- who was wounded in the shooting -- taught her infection and immunity class , she said .
Reached at the couple 's home , Jim Anderson told CNN that his wife has an attorney whom he would not identify .
He described his wife as a good teacher .
Rape - silent war on SA women
By the BBC's Carolyn Dempster
Johannesburg Rape is endemic in South Africa .
On this the police , politicians , sociologists and rape survivors all agree .
There is a silent war going on , a war against women and children .
It is a fact that a woman born in South Africa has a greater chance of being raped , than learning how to read .
One in four girls faces the prospect of being raped before the age of 16 according to the child support group , Childline .
Charlene Smith , rape survivor and campaigner
Believes solution to combating sexual violence lies in :
the way mothers bring up sons greater community responsibility for members ' actions better policing harsher sentences reform of criminal justice system
Sexual violence pervades society , with one of the highest reported rates of rape in the world , and an alarmingly high incidence of domestic violence and child abuse .
The official crime statistics tell only part of the story .
In 1994 , the year South Africa became a democracy , 18,801 cases of rape were reported .
By 2001 that figure had risen to 24,892 .
The South African Police Service readily admits that even though there is now a greater awareness of the problem , more stringent penalties , and better policing , the vast majority of rapes and attempted rapes still go unreported and unpunished .
During a recent parliamentary debate on child abuse in South Africa , it was reported that there has been a 400 % increase in the sexual violence against children over the past decade .
Baby rape
The majority of the victims are 12 years old or younger .
Many of the perpetrators are themselves children .
" Baby Tshepang " was just 9 months old when she was brutally raped in the Northern Cape town of Louisvale in the early hours of 27 October , 2001 .
Baby rape is not a new phenomenon in South African society , but it is becoming more common .
One possible reason , say Aids activists , is the myth , widespread in southern Africa , that sex with a child or baby will rid a man of HIV or Aids .
Rapists do n't think they are doing anything wrong .
Dr Rachel Jewkes South Africa already has more than 4.5 million people living with HIV , more than any other country in the world .
As the HIV pandemic becomes an Aids pandemic , rape can also be a death sentence .
So why is it so bad ?
At the root of the problem , says Dr Rachel Jewkes , a senior scientist with the South African Medical Research Council , is men's attitude towards women .
" In South Africa you have a culture where men believe that they are sexually entitled to women .
You do n't get rape in a situation where you do n't have massive gender inequalities .
One of the key problems in this country is that people who commit rape do n't think they are doing anything wrong . "
' Ca n't say no '
Her findings are borne out by the experience of Rose Tamae , a survivor of gang rape , who is HIV positive , and counsels abused women and children in the sprawling township of Orange Farm which lies across the highway from Soweto , west of Johannesburg .
" In our culture , as a woman , you do n't say no to a man .
Sex is not open for discussion , " she says .
" So they think they can do as they like .
" In a place like Orange Farm , where most people are unemployed , and the women have to go looking for work far away , often the children are left at home in the care of men , or strangers .
" They are vulnerable .
In one case a little girl was being given food in return for sex , and she did n't want to go home empty - handed to her mother , who had Aids and was sick .
" Apartheid legacy A " culture of violence " has also been a dominant feature of South African society for decades , say sociologists , and it has spawned attitudes which are tolerant of sexual violence .
South Africa 's Deputy President Jacob Zuma blames apartheid for " sowing the seeds for the breakdown of the institution of the family . "
He believes that the molestation of children and infants today is a symptom of this degeneration .
Apartheid HAS left a damaged society in its wake , but the criminal justice system is also failing women and children in South Africa .
Out of the 24,892 rapes reported last year , only 1,797 resulted in successful convictions .
To its credit the government , and South African society , is responding to the scourge .
The justice system has prioritised sexual offences with a review of the law and stiffer sentences .
Police officers are being trained to care for rape survivors .
Many private hospitals now offer specialized rape care and counselling , and insurance companies have introduced policies for rape survivors to enable them to afford expensive anti-retroviral drug treatment to reduce the risk of contracting HIV and Aids .
Photo by Jason Creps
Canada 's hockey team may have been upset by the U.S. at the Olympics yesterday , but venerable Canadian power - pop group the New Pornographers are still triumphant while posing with hockey sticks in their latest promotional photo .
They 're set to release their new album , Together , on May 4 .
The record features all the New Pornos you know and love along with guest turns from Beirut 's Zach Condon , St. Vincent 's Annie Clark , Okkervil River 's Will Sheff , and the horn section from the Dap - Kings .
The band 's label , Matador , is now offering the first sample of the record in the form of quasi - title track " Your Hands ( Together ) " .
Below , find the album 's tracklist .
Also : Group leader A.C. Newman is now on Twitter , and he 's doing a pretty great job at it so far .
Together :
01 Moves
02 The Crash Years
03 Your Hands ( Together )
04 Silver Jenny Dollar
05 Sweet Talk , Sweet Talk
06 My Shepherd
07 If You Can't See My Mirrors
08 Up in the Dark
09 Valkyrie in the Roller Disco
10 A Bite Out of My Bed
11 Daughters of Sorrow
12 We End Up Together
© Gary Braasch / CORBIS
While some of the staples of eating healthy are pretty easy to remember — eating balanced meals that include veggies , protein and starch , and eating lots of fiber , not too much sugar and not too much fat — sometimes keeping track of all of the little ways that diet can influence our health can be a challenge .
Yet , if there ’s one thing that is easy to remember , it ’s chocolate .
And , according to research that will be presented this April at a meeting of the American Academy of Neurology , because of the high concentration of antioxidants called flavonoids found in dark chocolate , indulging every now and then might decrease the risk for stroke , and may also reduce the risk of death after suffering a stroke .
The findings , based on a review of three previous studies , suggests that the antioxidants in chocolate may play a role in reducing stroke risk , according to researchers from Canada ’s McMaster University and University of Toronto .
While one study included in the review found no correlation between chocolate consumption and stroke risk , a second study , which included nearly 45,000 people , found that those who ate one serving of chocolate per week were 22 % less likely to have a stroke than those who ate no chocolate .
( According to Hershey ’s , for example , one serving of its Extra Dark chocolate is 37 grams , which , the company boasts , provides the antioxidant equivalent of two glasses of red wine or 1 1/3 cups of blueberries . )
A third study , which included more than 1,100 people , found that those who ate 50 grams of chocolate per week were 46 % less likely to die after suffering a stroke than those who did n’t eat chocolate .
Of course , the problem with this research is that it does n’t clarify which comes first — are healthier people , who are already at lower risk for stroke , more likely to include chocolate as a part of their diet ?
Or does chocolate actually play a pivotal role in reducing stroke risk ?
That , researchers say , is the question for a future study .
Something Jimi Hendrix fans never thought they 'd see or hear - a brand new album of previously unreleased recordings .
Valleys Of Neptune goes on sale in March , some four decades after Hendrix 's death .
It contains 12 tracks and almost 60 minutes of music from the critical period between the release of Electric Ladyland in October 1968 and the 1970 opening of his own Electric Lady Studios .
The album marks the start of a series of projects marking 40 years since Hendrix died aged 27 on September 18 , 1970 .
- AFP
One thing you can say about the defense budget presented as part of President Barack Obama ’s $ 3.8 trillion federal budget is that it is marginally more honest than some previous budgets .
In years past Defense secretaries have pretended that the costs of waging active wars are separate from the “ baseline ” military budget and have not included those costs in annual budget figures , leaving them to supplemental appropriations .
However , the figure for the projected 2011 military budget is forthrightly estimated at $ 708.2 billion , which consists of $ 548.9 billion in the “ baseline ” budget and $ 159.3 billion for “ overseas contingency operations , ” e.g. , the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Almost as an afterthought , however , there ’s an additional $ 33 billion to pay for the 30,000 extra troops President Obama is sending to Afghanistan , bringing the grand total to $ 741.2 billion .
The Center for a New American Security calculates that , when adjusted for inflation , this military budget is 13 percent higher than at the peak of the Korean War , 33 percent higher than at the peak of the Vietnam War , 12 percent higher than at the peak of the Cold War and 64 percent higher than the Cold War average .
To be sure , military pay is higher in the all - volunteer military than during the era of conscription , but the military is also considerably smaller .
What we have is a military still built to meet the challenges of the Cold War some two decades after the Cold War ended .
With no prospective enemy that comes close to posing a challenge in air or naval power , in an era when the challenge comes from stateless terrorists who can best be countered by improved intelligence , nimble special forces and relatively inexpensive unmanned drone aircraft , we are spending as if the Soviet Union were still around and threatening us on every front .
To be sure , Defense Secretary Robert Gates is cutting some weapons programs he and many others consider unnecessary or ineffective , including the Air Force ’s F - 22 fighter , the Navy ’s DDG - 1000 destroyer , elements of a high - tech Future Combat Systems program that has shown dubious value , and phasing out the C - 17 cargo - transport plane .
However , other big - ticket weapons programs are on the rise : $ 25 billion for 10 new ships , another $ 10 billion for missile defense , and $ 11 billion for 43 more F - 35 fighter planes .
Secretary Gates has shown signs of wanting to refashion defense spending to meet the challenges of today rather than yesterday .
But he faces a Pentagon that has become a cumbersome bureaucratic monster buttressed by special interests and defense contractors in almost every congressional district that defends and seeks to expand every program , no matter how expensive or unnecessary .
We had hoped that an Obama administration would hold the line on military spending rather than increasing it beyond the excesses of the George W. Bush years .
Silly us .
WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Letters to the Editor : E-mail to letters@ocregister.com .
Please provide your name and telephone number ( telephone numbers will not be published ) .
Letters of about 200 words will be given preference .
Letters will be edited for length , grammar and clarity .
By Leo Babauta
Are we too reliant on Google ’s services ?
As long - time readers know , I love Google ’s products and use them daily , as they ’re absolutely the best I ’ve tried in their categories : Google search , Gmail , Google Chrome browser , Google Reader , Google Calendar , Google Docs , Picasa , mostly .
But is it dangerous to give all our information and to rely so completely on one corporation ?
Should we be worried ?
Should we be looking for alternatives ?
Should we be moving our data out of Google as soon as possible ?
Another thing that concerns me is the commercialization of every aspect of our lives .
It ’s bad enough that advertising is already so pervasive — in television , in newspapers and magazines and blogs , on billboards and in our mail .
But if it ’s also in our email , calendars , maps , search , and basically everything we do every day , then there ’s no hiding from it .
I ’m not convinced that using amazing software is worth giving a corporation complete access to my life and my attention .
I ’ve been thinking about this for some time .
I do n’t have answers .
However , last week , I decided to try an experiment : could I go ( mostly ) Google - free ?
How hard would it be ?
How much would I like the alternatives ?
It took me one day .
Here ’s how I did it , and how it ’s turned out so far .
First , Overall Principles
Remember that my main reasons for doing this are that 1 ) I do n’t want all my data in one corporation and 2 ) I do n’t want everything I do to be pervaded by advertising .
So the main principles I chose when seeking good alternatives were to find services that :
are not Google ( whether it ’s a corporation or not ) are pretty good to use
And in an ideal world , those alternatives would also be :
free , open - source , using open - standards free of advertising non-corporate ( small businesses are OK ) as good as or better than the Google services they ’re replacing
These last few ideals are not necessary , but would be great .
In most cases , I did n’t achieve them .
Google Search
The all - pervasive app that we ca n’t live without .
There are n’t really good alternatives — there ’s Google search , then there ’s everyone else .
Bing gets talked about a lot , but I do n’t much like the results and Microsoft is n’t any better in my mind than Google .
Same with Yahoo .
The alternative I chose : so far it ’s a split between Clutsy , ixquick , and Scroogle .
A word on Scroogle — actually it uses Google ’s search , but sets up an intermediary ( Scroogle ) that sits between your computer and Google ’s servers .
Google places its cookie on Scroogle ’s computer , and then Scroogle deletes it , and also deletes any logs of your anonymous searches .
So the results are as good as Googles , but ad - free , without Google ’s tracking , and 100 results per page ( instead of the frustrating 10 results that Google has ) .
Update :
Be sure to go to Scroogle.org , not Scroogle.com , which is completely different and NSFW .
Still , it seems like cheating , so I ’ve been alternatively trying Clutsy and ixquick .
Both are decent , not the best , but also sometimes have ads .
The transition so far : I set up each of these as my browser ’s default search engine for a little while .
They all work fine , but I ’ve been finding Scroogle finds the results I want more often .
Other alternatives I looked at : Ask , Cuil , Wolfram Alpha .
Gmail
I absolutely love Gmail , so giving this up has been as hard as Google Search .
It ’s by far the best email program , period .
And I ’ve tried almost all .
Luckily , I ’m far less reliant on email these days — mostly it ’s just for family and a few business partners .
The alternative I chose : Fastmail .
It ’s not as pretty as Gmail , but it ’s fast and secure and has a lot of great features .
Most importantly for me , it has great spam filters ( as Gmail does ) and keyboard shortcuts .
If you pay a nominal fee ( $ 5 for a year , or less than 10 cents per week ) , you also do n’t get any ads .
The transition so far :
It was easy to set up , and I forwarded all incoming Gmail emails to Fastmail .
Eventually I ’ll delete my Gmail , but for now I ’ll leave it .
I like Fastmail almost as much as Gmail , especially now that I ’ve set up a few key folders ( like Archive ) and filters and learned the keyboard shortcuts .
A couple things I really miss : Send & Archive ( in one button or shortcut ) , automatic adding of email addresses to the address book ( Fastmail does it but you have to confirm each time ) , and threaded conversations .
Other alternatives that look good : Roundcube , Zenbe , and Sup ( self - hosted , but similar to Gmail but for command - line geeks ) .
I may eventually use Sup once I get a better command of the command line .
Google Chrome
In the last few months , Chrome has been hands down my favorite browser , for its simplicity , speed , and beautiful features .
I love it , and ca n’t do without it .
Firefox , Safari , Camino , Opera all seem clunky next to Chrome .
The alternative I chose : Chromium , the open - source version of Chrome .
This is almost cheating , as it ’s practically the same browser .
But after switching to other browsers for a little while , I could n’t stand it , so I chose Chromium .
It ’s open - source , which is great , and does n’t track your info like Google does .
The transition so far : absolutely painless .
I had to migrate some of the keyword bookmarks I ’d set up for Chrome , but that took a few minutes .
Otherwise , it ’s the same browsing experience , and just as stable .
Other alternatives : Firefox , Safari , Camino , Opera , and the beautiful Plainview .
Google Docs
I store almost everything in Google Docs ( and Dropbox , for text files I draft on my computer ) .
It ’s absolutely great for sharing documents .
Have n’t used Microsoft Office in years .
The alternative I chose : Zoho , an online document and productivity suite , actually more complete than Google Docs .
I ’d tried it in 2007 but concluded that Google Docs ( or Writely , before that ) was better .
That has n’t changed , but Zoho is a decent second .
The transition so far : Migrating is fairly painless .
You can sign up for a free account , and you can even import your Google Docs ( through a mis-labeled “ Upload ” button ) , though only 5 Google Docs at a time .
Zoho works just as you ’d hope , though it ’s not quite as good or fast as Google Docs .
Still a good alternative , although I ’d love an open - source alternative that worked as well .
Other alternatives : Etherpad looks great but was BOUGHT BY GOOGLE !
It ’s now open - sourced so you can try it Google - free at Typewith .me or PiratePad .
While these are great for individual collaborative documents , unfortunately it is n’t a great replacement for Google Docs in managing a lot of documents .
Others to check out include drop.io , Feng Office , Peepel .
Google Reader
By far the best RSS reader ( for reading blogs & news ) , Google Reader is simple , fast , and always synced no matter what computer you ’re using .
It beats desktop RSS readers easily , and I ’ve used them all .
The alternative I chose : Vienna , an open - source desktop app for Mac .
I was using NetNewsWire for a little while and liked it but then realized there was no way to sync without Google Reader anymore , and as I do n’t want to give my info to Google , I had to ditch it .
So I tried Vienna , which does n’t have sync at all , but is even better than NetNewsWire in every other way .
And is open - sourced and ad - free , which is great .
The transition so far :
As Vienna does n’t sync ( at least I have n’t figured out how ) , I just read on my Macbook Air , which is absolutely fine .
It means my iMac is now just for working , and not reading , which is actually a great thing for my productivity and focus .
I exported my subscriptions from Google Reader and imported into Vienna , which took like 30 seconds , and otherwise reading in Vienna is great .
Other alternatives : online readers such as Netvibes , Pageflakes , and Bloglines , or desktop readers such as Netnewswire , FeedDemon , RSS Owl , Thunderbird ( not a great RSS reader in my view ) , or self - hosted varieties such as Gobble RSS or Fever , or browser plugins such as Sage .
Google Calendar
Absolutely my favorite calendar ever , I ’ve been using Gcal for almost four years and love it .
So much better than iCal or Outlook , it ’s simple and fast and accessible everywhere .
The alternative I chose : 30 Boxes , another good online calendar that I can share with my wife and access from multiple computers .
I tried this several years ago but liked Gcal better — still do , but they ’re fairly close .
The transition so far : I probably could have found an easier way to export Gcal events and import into 30 Boxes , but I was testing out 30 Boxes and started entering the events manually .
It ’s pretty fast and painless , so I ended up doing all my events by hand .
Took about 20 - 30 minutes .
30 Boxes works pretty much as you ’d hope , and I have n’t had any problems so far .
Other alternatives to try : Monket ( open - source , self - hosted ) , desktop apps like iCal or Sunbird ( open - source ) , or online suites such as Zimbra or Feng Office .
Picasa
Great photo management software that ’s integrated on my desktop and online .
Makes syncing your photos painless and works better than you ’d expect if you ’re used to clunkier alternatives such as iPhoto .
The alternative I chose : SmugMug , which is a beautiful online photo app but not cheap ( if you do sign up , use my coupon to save $ 5 : TlepT5 Lpv1XmQ ) .
The transition so far : Honestly , I have n’t fully made this transition yet as I have thousands of photos in Picasa and have n’t had the time to move them all to SmugMug .
I ’ve uploaded some of the photos I have in iPhoto using a free plugin , and it works pretty well , but moving all the photos will take a little time .
SmugMug is a nice service , though again , not cheap .
Other alternatives : Flickr ( which is good but I ’ve never been a fan ) , iPhoto , a few others I did n’t bother to look at .
Not Fully Google - free Yet
There are some things that I have n’t done yet , but plan to do in the future to get fully Google - free :
migrate all photos & other data from Google ’s services
shut down my Gmail once my main contacts know my new address
move from Feedburner ’s blog subscription service ( I actually forgot about that until just now )
stop using minor services ( minor to me as I hardly use them ) such as Google Maps – have n’t researched alternatives for these yet
There might be others that I ’ve forgotten about , so it ’ll take a bit longer than a day .
But in one day , I was able to move from the main Google services I ’ve been using for years , to good alternatives .
Conclusions
Overall , I have n’t missed the Google services one bit .
I really thought it would be harder to make the switch , but it was fast , fairly easy , and without glitches .
The services I ’m using are almost as good , and once you get used to them you do n’t feel like you ’re making a sacrifice .
I need to be clear : I do n’t hate Google , nor do I think they ’re evil .
They make great things , and in general have been more supportive of open standards and open source than other corporations like Microsoft or Apple .
But it ’s not wise to put everything you have into one corporation , nor do I like commercializing my entire life .
It was time for a change .
I also believe that if you give someone power , eventually they ’ll abuse it .
It ’s just a matter of time .
How much power should we give one corporation ?
I do n’t know if I ’ll stay ( mostly ) Google - free , or if I ’ll eventually head back to Gmail or one of the other services .
But I do know that I like using multiple services — putting my eggs in different baskets — and I like having fewer ads in my life .
And I also know that it ’s possible to get out of Google ’s clutches .
Update :
This was a temporary experiment that lasted about 6 months .
I am no longer Google - free .
My apologies !
Post inspired by Freemor .
RUGBY league international and gay activist Ian Roberts has joined legal action against the Nine Network over a controversial skit on the NRL Footy Show .
The Footy Show aired the mockumentary - style skit in May 2009 featuring the fictitious gay brother of NRL siblings Matthew and Andrew Johns called Elton Johns .
In the skit , the Johns ' father attempts to return the gay son , played by Matthew Johns , to hospital saying : " I want to return this , it 's faulty . "
The Elton character is also asked if he dated Mr Roberts , a former South Sydney , Manly Sea Eagles and North Queensland Cowboys player .
Gay activist Gary Burns initially lodged a complaint against the Nine Network with the New South Wales Anti-Discrimination Board last year and Mr Roberts has now joined the action as a co-complainant .
Mr Roberts said he was offended by the sketch which he says vilifies gay men .
" The message is sent , that being gay , you 're somehow less or not worthy , is unacceptable , '' he said .
" What really hurt me was that they used my name to justify that somehow a gay man who likes rugby and lives up to the stereotypical image of a man is somehow better than a man who does n't like sport and is into the arts .
" How dare they use my name . ''
The former Australian representative said he was hoping the action would bring some recognition that it is not acceptable to ridicule gay men .
A spokesman for the Nine Network said it had already addressed the issue and still rejected the claim the skit vilified gay men .
" Indeed the Footy Show many months ago now ran a segment on this very issue explaining that the skit was in fact satirical comedy which in no way intended any such vilification , '' he said .
" We 'll leave this additional complaint for the tribunal . ''
Matthew Johns has since left the Nine Network and is expected to sign a new contract with the rival Seven Network later this month .
North Londonderry Township 's insurance company is paying $ 375,000 to the family of two four - year - old Swatara Township girls who were sexually assaulted in 2006 by former township police officer Michael Fernsler .
The girls ' family claimed township police Chief Kevin Snyder and township manager Gordon Watts were told Fernsler had viewed child pornography on his police department computer , but allowed Fernsler to resign in 2005 without an investigation into the misconduct .
Snyder and Watts denied knowledge of Fernsler viewing child pornography at work , said John Gonzalez , the township 's attorney .
Fernsler admitted viewing adult pornography at work after his computer had crashed and was removed by township staff , court records state .
Fernsler told investigators he viewed child pornography on his home computer five or six years earlier , court records state .
Snyder and Watts were dismissed from the lawsuit , and the township 's insurance company agreed to pay the settlement all costs associated with the suit , Gonzalez said .
Fernsler , 36 , who sometimes performed as " Chuckles the clown , " is serving a 26 - 52 - year sentence in the case , which will be followed by a 12 - 35 - year sentence for abducting and trying to rape a 14 - year - old girl in North Londonderry Township in 2007 , the day before he was to be sentenced , while he was out on bail .
The 4×4 cars are considered to be the most powerful cars in the auto industry and almost all of the auto makers are focusing on the 4×4 models to get a great profit and the future 4×4 cars are really claimed to be the exciting one as every company are working hard on them .
The economical vehicles have been started coming in the 4×4 range and almost every auto maker is building some economical 4x4s .
In this article the top 5 economical 4×4 models have been discussed so let ’s have a look .
This is one of the most luxurious cars coming from the Toyota ’s side and it has got a cabin with hybrid power train that achieves a very convenient fuel economy .
This car shares a very beautiful and powerful body with an extra-ordinarily luxurious style .
This car has got a very special 19 inch wheel design which enhances its beauty .
Along with the style it comes with a 3.5 Liter V6 engine which gives the power up to 295 hp .
If you are looking for some really luxurious and powerful car with sufficient space than this is the one which will best suit your requirements .
This is considered to be one of the most economical and luxurious 4×4 vehicle coming from the platform of BMW .
The dashing new X3 comes equipped with 2.0 liters directly injected turbo charged engine and it gives the fantastic power of 143hp and 258 lb- ft of torque .
This fantastic car has been claimed to reach 60 mph in just 10 seconds which sounds really awesome and it is also said that this vehicle will get an average of 6.2 liters of diesel per 100 kilometers .
The ultimate capabilities of this vehicle will make you start loving it .
3. Volkswagen Tiguan 2.0 TDI 140 2WD
This is another remarkable 4×4 coming the VW ’s platform and the style of this one is also more than extra-ordinary .
This model has also claimed to get the best engine available for Tiguan and it is the 138 bhp 2.0 liter diesel engine , along with that the ride and handling of this car is also notified to be awesome .
Whether you select a petrol or diesel powered Tiguan you will see the beauty of performance along with style and luxury .
It is also one of the smooth runners of VW which give you smooth feelings while driving even when the speed is increased .
4. Nissan Qashqai 1.5 dCi
This is really an awful economical 4×4 model by Nissan which really looks chunky and well proportioned and the size is very suitable for larger families .
The body of this car really powerful and the interior and exterior feeling adds up to the style of this 4×4 model .
It comes with a very powerful 1.5 liter diesel engine which gives a splendid performance to this model by emitting just 129g / km of CO2 .
It gives an average of 52.3 mpg which is really exciting one .
This is a very stylish 4×4 supermini coupe brought by Suzuki motors and this model has got a really chunky and beautiful looks while travelling on the roads .
This model comes from the Suzuki ’s crossover sports range which gives you sporty style along with bringing light weight and economical features .
This latest model by Suzuki comes with 1.6 liter diesel engine which gives you power and performance up to an average of 53.3 mpg .
This 4×4 model is really an exciting one from Suzuki and its getting popular at a very fast rate .
These were some of the fantastic 4×4 models of the world which apart from style and performance are pretty economical by being fuel efficient models .
The trend of bringing economical models is increasing very rapidly and this has now shifted to the 4×4 models which is really good for the future of these models in the international auto markets .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The House of Representatives on Sunday approved a sweeping overhaul of the $ 2.5 trillion healthcare system and forwarded some finishing touches to the Senate for consideration this week .
Here is what to expect if the Senate passes the House ’s changes and President Barack Obama signs the entire package into law .
WITHIN THE FIRST YEAR OF ENACTMENT
* Insurance companies will be barred from dropping people from coverage when they get sick .
Lifetime coverage limits will be eliminated and annual limits are to be restricted .
* Insurers will be barred from excluding children for coverage because of pre-existing conditions .
* Young adults will be able to stay on their parents ’ health plans until the age of 26 .
Many health plans currently drop dependents from coverage when they turn 19 or finish college .
* Uninsured adults with pre-existing conditions will be able to obtain health coverage through a new program that will expire once new insurance exchanges begin operating in 2014 .
* A temporary reinsurance program is created to help companies maintain health coverage for early retirees between the ages of 55 and 64 .
This also expires in 2014 .
* Medicare drug beneficiaries who fall into the “ doughnut hole ” coverage gap will get a $ 250 rebate .
The bill eventually closes that gap which currently begins after $ 2,700 is spent on drugs .
Coverage starts again after $ 6,154 is spent .
* A tax credit becomes available for some small businesses to help provide coverage for workers .
* A 10 percent tax on indoor tanning services that use ultraviolet lamps goes into effect on July 1 .
WHAT HAPPENS IN 2011
* Medicare provides 10 percent bonus payments to primary care physicians and general surgeons .
* Medicare beneficiaries will be able to get a free annual wellness visit and personalized prevention plan service .
New health plans will be required to cover preventive services with little or no cost to patients .
* A new program under the Medicaid plan for the poor goes into effect in October that allows states to offer home and community based care for the disabled that might otherwise require institutional care .
* Payments to insurers offering Medicare Advantage services are frozen at 2010 levels .
These payments are to be gradually reduced to bring them more in line with traditional Medicare .
* Employers are required to disclose the value of health benefits on employees ’ W - 2 IRS forms .
* An annual fee is imposed on pharmaceutical companies based on market share .
The fee does not apply to companies with sales of $ 5 million or less .
WHAT HAPPENS IN 2012
* Physician payment reforms are implemented in Medicare to enhance primary care services and encourage doctors to form “ accountable care organizations ” to improve quality and efficiency of care .
* An incentive program is established in Medicare for acute care hospitals to improve quality outcomes .
* The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , which oversees the government programs , begin tracking hospital readmission rates and puts in place financial incentives to reduce preventable readmissions .
WHAT HAPPENS IN 2013
* A national pilot program is established for Medicare on payment bundling to encourage doctors , hospitals and other care providers to better coordinate patient care .
* The threshold for claiming medical expenses on itemized tax returns is raised to 10 percent from 7.5 percent of income .
The threshold remains at 7.5 percent for the elderly through 2016 .
* The Medicare payroll tax is raised to 2.35 percent from 1.45 percent for individuals earning more than $ 200,000 and married couples with incomes over $ 250,000 .
The tax is imposed on some investment income at a rate of 3.8 percent for that income group .
* A 2.9 percent excise tax is imposed on the sale of medical devices .
Anything generally purchased at the retail level by the public is excluded from the tax .
WHAT HAPPENS IN 2014
* State health insurance exchanges for small businesses and individuals open .
* Most people will be required to obtain health insurance coverage or pay a fine if they do n’t .
Healthcare tax credits become available to help people with incomes up to 400 percent of poverty purchase coverage on the exchange .
* Health plans no longer can exclude people from coverage due to pre-existing conditions .
* Employers with 50 or more workers who do not offer coverage face a fine of $ 2,000 for each employee if any worker receives subsidized insurance on the exchange .
The first 30 employees are n’t counted for the fine .
* Health insurance companies begin paying a fee based on their market share .
WHAT HAPPENS IN 2015
* Medicare creates a physician payment program aimed at rewarding quality of care rather than volume of services .
WHAT HAPPENS IN 2018
* An excise tax on high cost employer - provided plans is imposed .
The first $ 27,500 of a family plan and $ 10,200 for individual coverage is exempt from the tax .
Higher levels are set for plans covering retirees and people in high risk professions .
UPDATE : The White House is strongly disputing claims that the head of the National Counterterrorism Center stayed on the ski slopes for “ several days ” after the attempted Christmas Day bombing .
Contrary to a report at the New York Daily News Thursday , counter - terror chief Michael Leiter “ was — throughout the events of December 25 , 2009 — indeed at the National Counterterrorism Center in McLean , Virginia , and intimately involved in all aspects of the nation ’s response to the attempted terrorist attack , ” said Deputy National Security Adviser Denis McDonough , according to ABC ’s Jake Tapper .
ADVERTISEMENT
Leiter stayed late at the NCTC on December 25 , an intelligence official tells ABC News , and the next morning he held secure communications working the issue with many in the U.S. government .
He did go on vacation the day after the attempted attack , but a close associate of Leiter says that the leave was quite different than the carefree “ ski trip ” being depicted .
Tapper reports that Leiter , who is divorced , was taking his seven - year - old son on vacation for a presumably rare opportunity to meet his aging grandparents .
McDonough said Leiter left for vacation only “ after explicit consultations with both the White House and the Director of National Intelligence . ”
Original story follows below
Heckuva job .
Director of the National Counterterrorism Center Michael Leiter did n’t cut short a ski trip until several days after alleged Nigerian attempted bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab tried to destroy a commercial jetliner en route to Detroit Christmas day , veteran New York Daily News intelligence correspondent James Meek reports Thursday .
Citing two intelligence officials grousing about Leiter ’s continued vacation , Meek says the top counterterror boss declined to cut short his snow - struck holiday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ People have been grumbling that he did n’t let a little terrorism interrupt his vacation , ” one of the sources purportedly told Meek .
Leiter is a carryover from the Bush Administration and has been director of the National Counterterrorism Center since 2007 .
In an email to Meek , Leiter ’s spokesman declined to say when the counterterror chief returned to the agency ’s headquarters in suburban Virginia .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It is our policy to not make our director ’s schedule available to the public , ” spokesman Carl Kropf reportedly said in an e-mail .
Will Leiter go the way of former FEMA Director Michael Brown — a Bush appointee who was tossed in the wake of the federal government ’s tepid response to Hurricane Katrina ?
ADVERTISEMENT
Not likely , according to AP .
“ No firings over the December security debacle are expected — for now , at least , ” the wire service wrote Thursday morning .
Herschel 's Dictum .
“ There are n’t too many human interaction problems that ca n’t be fixed with a .45 ACP 230 - grain fat - boy . ” -- Herschel Smith .
Always remember : " A communist is an impatient socialist . " - Anonymous contributor to this blog .
The Nyberg Flag of the Three Percent
Edmund Burke reconsidered in the light of 20th Century funeral pyres .
" Remember : Evil exists because good men do n't kill the government officials committing it . " -- Kurt Hofmann .
Collected video links of my speeches on liberty and armed civil disobedience .
From 2013 to date .
Absolved Chapter Links Click HERE .
And , as things begin to spin out of control , remember this : " All politics in this country now is just dress rehearsal for civil war . " -- Billy Beck , August 2009 .
From MamaLiberty over at War on Guns : " Here 's an idea ... If nobody wants a ' civil disturbance , ' why in heck do n't they quit disturbing us ? "
Indeed .
" When Democracy Becomes Tyranny
" Progress made under the shadow of the policeman 's club is false progress . "
I believe that liberty is the only genuinely valuable thing that men have invented , at least in the field of government , in a thousand years .
I believe that it is better to be free than to be not free , even when the former is dangerous and the latter safe .
I believe that the finest qualities of man can flourish only in free air – that progress made under the shadow of the policeman 's club is false progress , and of no permanent value .
I believe that any man who takes the liberty of another into his keeping is bound to become a tyrant , and that any man who yields up his liberty , in however slight the measure , is bound to become a slave .
-- H.L. Mencken
On the efficacy of passive resistance in the face of the collectivist beast .
. .
Had the Japanese got as far as India , Gandhi 's theories of " passive resistance " would have floated down the Ganges River with his bayoneted , beheaded carcass .
-- Mike Vanderboegh .
In the future . . .
When the histories are written , “ National Rifle Association ” will be cross- referenced with “ Judenrat . ” -- Mike Vanderboegh to Sebastian at " Snowflakes in Hell "
" Smash the bloody mirror . "
If you find yourself through the looking glass , where the verities of the world you knew and loved no longer apply , there is only one thing to do .
Knock the Red Queen on her ass , turn around , and smash the bloody mirror .
-- Mike Vanderboegh
From Kurt Hoffman over at Armed and Safe .
" I believe that being despised by the despicable is as good as being admired by the admirable . "
From long experience myself , I can only say , " You betcha . "
" Only cowards dare cringe . "
The fears of man are many .
He fears the shadow of death and the closed doors of the future .
He is afraid for his friends and for his sons and of the specter of tomorrow .
All his life 's journey he walks in the lonely corridors of his controlled fears , if he is a man .
For only fools will strut , and only cowards dare cringe .
-- James Warner Bellah , " Spanish Man's Grave " in Reveille , Curtis Publishing , 1947 .
" We fight an enemy that never sleeps . "
" As our enemies work bit by bit to deconstruct , we must work bit by bit to REconstruct .
Be mindful where we should be .
Set goals .
We fight an enemy that never sleeps .
We must learn to sleep less . " -- Mike H. at What McAuliffe Said
" The Fate of Unborn Millions . . . "
" The time is now near at hand which must probably determine , whether Americans are to be , Freemen , or Slaves ; whether they are to have any property they can call their own ; whether their Houses , and Farms , are to be pillaged and destroyed , and they consigned to a State of Wretchedness from which no human efforts will probably deliver them .
The fate of unborn Millions will now depend , under God , on the Courage and Conduct of this army - Our cruel and unrelenting Enemy leaves us no choice but a brave resistance , or the most abject submission ; that is all we can expect - We have therefore to resolve to conquer or die . " -- George Washington to his troops before the Battle of Long Island .
" We will not go gently . . . "
This is no small thing , to restore a republic after it has fallen into corruption .
I have studied history for years and I cannot recall it ever happening .
It may be that our task is impossible .
Yet , if we do not try then how will we know it can't be done ?
And if we do not try , it most certainly wo n't be done .
The Founders ' Republic , and the larger war for western civilization , will be lost .
But I tell you this :
We will not go gently into that bloody collectivist good night .
Indeed , we will make with our defiance such a sound as ALL history from that day forward will be forced to note , even if they despise us in the writing of it .
And when we are gone , the scattered , free survivors hiding in the ruins of our once - great republic will sing of our deeds in forbidden songs , tending the flickering flame of individual liberty until it bursts forth again , as it must , generations later .
We will live forever , like the Spartans at Thermopylae , in sacred memory .
-- Mike Vanderboegh , The Lessons of Mumbai : Death Cults , the " Socialism of Imbeciles " and Refusing to Submit , 1 December 2008
" A common language of resistance . . . "
" Colonial rebellions throughout the modern world have been acts of shared political imagination .
Unless unhappy people develop the capacity to trust other unhappy people , protest remains a local affair easily silenced by traditional authority .
Usually , however , a moment arrives when large numbers of men and women realize for the first time that they enjoy the support of strangers , ordinary people much like themselves who happen to live in distant places and whom under normal circumstances they would never meet .
It is an intoxicating discovery .
A common language of resistance suddenly opens to those who are most vulnerable to painful retribution the possibility of creating a new community .
As the conviction of solidarity grows , parochial issues and aspirations merge imperceptibly with a compelling national agenda which only a short time before may have been the dream of only a few .
For many Americans colonists this moment occurred late in the spring of 1774 . " -- T.H. Breen , The Marketplace of Revolution : How Consumer Politics Shaped American Independence , Oxford University Press , 2004 , p.1 .
Senators opposing bill raked in twice as much insurance cash as backers
With national health reform in peril , California has taken matters into its own hands .
Its Democratic - led Senate last Thursday approved the creation of a single - payer insurance system .
Authored by Sen. Mark Leno ( D - San Francisco ) , the bill passed in a largely party - line vote of 22 - 14 .
The legislation would replace private health insurance in the state with a Medicare - type program that covers all residents .
ADVERTISEMENT
Leno told Raw Story in an interview that “ it really does n’t matter ” if Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger follows through with his veto threat because Californians will place the measure on the ballot .
“ In California , the voters get the final say , ” Leno said , suggesting the ballot initiative “ could be as early as 2012 , if not 2014 . ”
He said that even if Schwarzenegger signs the legislation into law , insurance companies would probably fight to overturn it in a ballot measure opposing single - payer .
The state senator said he “ [ chooses ] to remain confident ” it will succeed but refused to be complacent , admitting that taking on the insurance industry will be a huge challenge .
He said proponents of the program must educate voters to protect them from disinformation .
“ Single payer is not socialized medicine , ” Leno explained .
“ We simply take out a for - profit middle - man that makes its profits by denying us health care . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The state has 6.6 million uninsured residents — more than 20 percent of its population — according to a December 2009 study by the California Health Care Foundation .
Leno said the bill will save Californians from “ the cruelty and the heartbreak , if not bankruptcy , due to the failed system . ”
The California GOP , however , ripped the bill as “ utterly irresponsible ” upon passage , echoing a line of attack used by their Republican colleagues during the national debate .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Democrats in Sacramento showed they are more interested in a government take over of people ’s health care than creating new jobs and getting the economy moving again , ” said Senate Minority Leader Dennis Hollingsworth ( R - Murietta ) .
The senators who voted against it received twice as much campaign cash from insurance companies as those who backed it , according to a new analysis by the public database MAPLight.org .
ADVERTISEMENT
Based on data provided by the National Institute on Money in State Politics ( NIMSP ) , the study found that senators opposing the bill received an average of $ 43,633 from the insurance industry since 2006 — 97 percent higher than the $ 22,185 garnered by its supporters .
“ Here in Sacramento , insurance industry contributions traditionally go to Republicans , not to Democrats , who usually vote on the side of consumers — though not without exception , ” Leno remarked .
Thirteen of 14 Republicans voted against the bill , along with 1 of 25 Democrats .
Further reflecting the chamber ’s partisan divide , 10 of the top 15 insurance cash recipients are Republicans , while 17 of the bottom 20 are Democrats .
ADVERTISEMENT
Curiously , the two biggest recipients of insurer contributions in the state senate — Sens .
Yee and Negrete - McLeod — are Democrats , but both voted for the bill nonetheless .
Private insurers strongly oppose the bill as it would replace them with a government - run program inclusive of all residents .
Sen. Jenny Oropeza ( D - Long Beach ) , a cancer survivor who has received fewer insurance contributions than all but one member of the chamber , explained her support for the bill by saying it ’ll ensure that patients with illnesses are n’t denied care .
“ When a national survey estimates that 12.6 million non-elderly adults were in fact discriminated against because of a pre-existing condition in the previous three years , or dropped from coverage when they became seriously ill , there is clear evidence for reform , ” Oropeza said in a statement e-mailed to Raw Story .
ADVERTISEMENT
An award - winning California - based political cartoonist says he is receiving death threats over a 90 - second animated film he created that teaches viewers “ how to speak Tea Bag . ”
Mark Fiore compares his predicament to that of Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard , whose cartoon depicting the prophet Mohamed caused rioting across the Muslim world several years ago , and an attempt on his life last week .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Muslim extremist , meet Tea Party extremist .
Tea Party extremist , meet Muslim extremist , ” Fiore writes on his blog .
Fiore ’s video , which appeared on NPR ’s Web site , causing outrage from some conservative commentators , offers a tongue - in - cheek 90 - second lesson in speaking like a tea bagger .
“ If you ’re having trouble understanding the words of others , use Tea Bag ’s stronger , more descriptive ways , ” the narrator suggests , to which a tea - bagger is seen responding : “ Nazi ! Nazi ! Nazi ! ”
“ When speaking Tea Bag , it ’s not polite to draw attention to others ’ campaign contributors or industry connections , ” the narrator says .
“ Remember , they speak Tea Bag just like you .
“ Tea Bag : because other languages are just too hard , ” the narrator concludes .
ADVERTISEMENT
That drew harsh criticism from Fox News host Bill O’Reilly , who attacked NPR for posting the video on its Web site .
In a discussion of the video with another Fox News personality , O’Reilly wondered whether the Fiore video was a sign that the non-profit radio network is a “ left - wing Jihadist deal . ”
It was presumably O’Reilly ’s on - air complaints that drew the wrath of Tea Party supporters , as O’Reilly made his comments this week , while the video itself has been available since November .
“ Ah , nothing like death threats from the Tea Party crew to get your morning started , ” Fiore tweeted Thursday morning .
“ Death panels , anyone ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In his online reaction to the death threats , Fiore offered an olive branch to his political opponents :
To all of you who have written emails and comments , I really wish I could respond to every one of you .
I truly appreciate your taking the time to write , even if we may be on different sides of the political fence .
If there is one thing that my politically mixed San Francisco / Idaho background has taught me , it is benefit of continuing a discussion even if you do n’t agree .
Too often these days , the Left and the Right immediately shut down if you are deemed to be from the opposing camp .
Here ’s to good discussion even if we do n’t agree .
Now please do n’t kill me .
ADVERTISEMENT
The following video was uploaded to YouTube by Mark Fiore , Nov. 19 , 2009 .
Comment The Royal Navy has decided to spend £ 127 m to answer the question : " What should the next generation of frigates be like ? "
This is disappointing , as the real question is " do we actually need any more frigates ? " and the answer is very likely " No , or not in their present form , anyway . "
Officially the navy , commissioning BAE Systems to start looking into the new ships ' design , says it is n't looking for frigates but for a " Type 26 Combat Ship " .
But the Type 26 will replace Type 22 and 23 frigates , and indeed nobody is really pretending it is anything else .
This is a frigate .
" You simply cannot have an effective Navy without capable frigates , and the Type 26 combat ship will form the future backbone of the Royal Navy 's surface combatant force , alongside the new Type 45 destroyers , " said the First Sea Lord last week , announcing the deal .
So yes , the Type 26 will be a frigate .
That is to say , it will be a surface warship which is n't equipped with a high - powered fleet air defence system like the Type 45 destroyers .
( Or rather , as the Type 45s will be at some time in the future when their buggy PAAMS / Sea -Viper missiles are actually ready for installation .
The first two 45s are in naval service already , but almost entirely unarmed . )
A frigate carries only close - quarter air defences , intended to offer some minimal hope of survival should enemy air strikes get through the fleet 's fighter screen and destroyer - mounted missile shield .
It cannot , then , offer useful protection to other ships against air attack .
Rather , its main job - if it can really be said to have one - is hunting submarines .
However , this is actually done almost entirely by the frigate 's helicopter * .
Anti-submarine helicopters can be ( and often are ) operated at sea in larger numbers and much more cheaply aboard fleet - auxiliary vessels , so it 's hard to see why you would bother buying expensive frigates for this purpose .
" Once you get onto the cusp of what is achievable in medicine , when you are at the ragged edge of physiology , you will get some people who will survive and some people who will not .
In space , nobody can hear you sing Dancing Queen when you are in the shower .
But if you listen closely , you can hear the planets making noises .
Noises so scary that make me want to move to another solar system .
But then again , that will be full of spooky planets too , emitting the same blood - curdling sounds .
This music was recorded by Voyager I and II as they crossed paths with Jupiter , Saturn , and Neptune .
They were n't captured with a microphone : Audible sound can't travel through space , so Voyager was listening to the electromagnetic waves around the planets and moons .
Waves produced by space phenomena , like the planet 's magnetospheres interacting with the Sun 's radiation .
Advertisement
They were released in the 90s as the " Voyager Recordings - Symphonies of the Planets , " but they are not for sale anymore .
You can look for them on the internet , however .
[ How Stuff Works ]
Sharks Acquire Draft Pick from Rangers by San Jose Sharks Staff / San Jose Sharks
SAN JOSE , Calif . -- San Jose Sharks Executive Vice President and General Manager Doug Wilson announced today that the team has acquired a conditional sixth round selection in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers in exchange for RW Jody Shelley .
“ Jody Shelley has been a tremendous competitor and teammate for this organization for the past three seasons , ” said Wilson .
“ He strived to make a difference on and off - the -ice in San Jose and he was a leader in both areas .
We thank Jody and his wife , Mandy , for everything they have given to the Sharks organization and wish them all the best in the future . ”
Shelley , 34 , played in 137 games with San Jose , posting 14 points ( three goals , 11 assists ) along with 285 penalty minutes .
In 514 NHL games with San Jose and Columbus , he has 43 points ( 14 goals , 29 assists ) and 1,310 penalty minutes .
He ranks 16th among all active NHL players in career penalty minutes and is second in the NHL since the 2001 - 02 season ( 1300 ) .
The six - foot - three , 230 - pound native of Thompson , Manitoba was selected by acquired by San Jose from Columbus in exchange for a sixth round selection ( 177th overall ) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft on Jan. 29 , 2008 .
View Less
Six in ten brides have used dirty tricks to get engagement ring on their finger
Sixty per cent of married women have used underhand tactics in an effort to get engaged , a startling new survey has revealed .
Of the 3,600 brides polled , a third admitted to bullying their partner into proposing by threatening to leave him .
Seventeen per cent sent themselves flowers from a fake admirer , and 10 per cent deliberately get pregnant or falsely claimed to be expecting .
Dirty tricks :
Of 3,600 women polled , a third admitted to bullying their partners into proposing by threatening to leave them
Researchers , who questioned women aged between 16 and 50 who had wed during the previous year , found that 60 per cent had used underhand tactics .
Eighteen per cent said they took matters into their own hands , by asking their partners to marry them .
Young women aged between 16 and 20 were found to be the worst offenders with 62 per cent resorting to dirty tricks .
Of these , 32 per cent became , or pretended to be pregnant , to entice their boyfriends into engagement .
The survey , commissioned by UKTV channel Really to mark its ' Up The Aisle ' season , revealed that nearly a third of women did not enjoy their wedding day as much as they thought they would , and a staggering 62 per cent of couples did not have sex on their wedding night .
Tiredness was cited as an excuse by nearly half of brides , while excessive drinking stopped 31 per cent of newlyweds from consummating their marriages .
Over a quarter of the women questioned said their one regret about their wedding day was their choice of groom .
Really channel head Clare Laycock said : ' Our findings highlight the sometimes shocking and bold lengths that some of us will go to in order to have our dream wedding . '
The poll also suggested that such underhand tactics may not lead to marital bliss with 26 per cent of all couples rowing on their honeymoon .
Money worries were cited by 29 per cent of brides as the cause of the first marital argument , while nine per cent blamed the groom 's inappropriate wedding day behaviour .
Other triggers included issues over infidelity and the presence of an ex-partner to the wedding .
Four in ten women said they attached too much importance to the wedding itself rather than a happy start to married life with their partner , though nearly a third said the first day of their marriage was more enjoyable than the wedding ceremony and celebrations .
One in five women admitted that with hindsight , they would have scaled down their nuptials as they proved too stressful .
The same number say they forgot to relax and enjoy the day because they were so stressed about arrangements .
GRUB 2 bootloader - Full tutorial
Updated : December 4 , 2009 ; November 30 , 2017
Dedoimedo definite GRUB 2.00 multi-boot tutorial featured in the 117th issue of the Linux User & Developer Magazine !
You really should take a closer look .
GRUB 2 bootloader is in continuous development .
Some information may change over time , as features are added or removed and fixes introduced .
For latest updates , please take a look at Updates section below .
This tutorial focuses on GRUB version 2 , the next generation of the popular bootloader .
If you are looking for the original ( legacy ) GRUB tutorial , please take a look at this article .
Welcome to the GRUB 2 bootloader tutorial !
You must have read my GRUB legacy guide .
In the last two and a half years , it alone has garnered some half a million views , proving to be quite popular and useful to computer users worldwide .
I want to recreate the same success with my GRUB 2 tutorial .
My goal is to provide people running any flavor of UNIX - like operating systems or multi-booting their computers and using GRUB as their bootloader with a simple , no - nonsense , step - by - step , proven and working tutorial that should allow them to quickly , easily and painlessly control the boot sequence of their systems .
In this tutorial , you will learn how to work with GRUB 2 , add and remove menu entries , customize titles and boot options , dual - boot and triple - boot operating systems , combine legacy GRUB and GRUB 2 , and we will even see how Windows fits into this scheme .
After that , we will learn how to recover from errors and mistakes .
Follow me .
Table of Contents
Warning
Warning !
GRUB 2 is still mostly beta software .
Although it already ships with Ubuntu flavors , it is not yet production quality per se .
You can probably use it without any troubles , although there is a slight , remote yet possible chance of damage .
You need to be aware of this .
Furthermore , whenever handling delicate tasks like the critical functions of the system , disk partitioning , boot sequence , imaging , etc , you should always be prepared for the worst .
This means :
You must have a solid , proven backup procedure for all your data .
You must possess the tools and the knowledge to quickly recover from disasters .
This includes being able to restore a previous system image , fix broken configurations , restore the bootloaders , and more .
You must be confident in what you are doing .
Now that we know this , let us proceed cheerfully and safely .
Just remember that GRUB 2 is still beta .
Although the same can be claimed for Google Mail , which was beta for some six years or so , you must exercise caution .
What 's more , the contents and relevance of contents in this tutorial might yet change as GRUB 2 makes into the production , so stay tuned for any updates .
GRUB 2 roadmap
This is something you should consider before trying GRUB 2 .
When will GRUB 2 become the de facto bootloader for UNIX - like operating systems ?
Currently , GRUB legacy is doing fine and will continue for many more years .
Given the long - term support by companies like RedHat and Novell for their server distributions , GRUB legacy is going to remain the key player for at least 5 - 10 years .
On desktops , the adoption rate may be faster , but do not expect any miracles too soon .
Nevertheless , it does not hurt to start exploring .
Be aware that you may encounter some compatibility issues down the road , especially with more conservative distributions that do not embrace new technologies too quickly .
At the time being , GRUB 2 is only used by the Ubuntu family , which makes about a third to one half of the Linux desktop market .
That makes this tutorial rather relevant , as about one in every two or three Linux home users will probably be interested in learning more about GRUB 2 and its uses .
Let 's now move on to the actual mechanics .
GRUB 2 introduction
Before you dig in , I strongly advise you to read my original GRUB tutorial .
This will help you understand this article better .
GRUB 2 introduces many new changes .
GRUB 2 has better portability and modularity , supports non-ASCII characters , dynamic loading of modules , real memory management , and more .
All these are pretty much irrelevant for most users .
What you need to know are the changes in the configuration files and the way GRUB 2 operates .
New layout
Old GRUB files were ( and still are ! ) located under / boot / grub / , including the menu.lst file that was read during boot and which contents were displayed to the user in the form of the GRUB menu .
GRUB 2 places its files in three core locations :
/ boot/grub/grub.cfg -
This is the main configuration file that replaces menu.lst .
Unlike menu.lst , this file cannot be edited by hand !
I strongly advise against trying to tamper with this file , using chattr command or anything of the sort .
Let it be .
/etc/grub.d/ -
This new directory contains GRUB scripts .
These scripts are building blocks from which the grub.cfg file is built .
When the relevant GRUB command is executed , the scripts are read in a certain sequence and grub.cfg is created .
/etc/default/grub -
This file contains the GRUB menu settings that are read by the GRUB scripts and written into grub.cfg .
It is the customization part of the GRUB , similar to the old menu.lst , except the actual boot entries .
This means that if you want to change the GRUB menu , you will have to edit existing scripts or create new ones , then update the menu .
This is more similar to LILO than GRUB legacy , which allow editing the menu on the fly .
Sample grub.cfg file
The file is located under / boot / grub / :
This is what the grub.cfg file looks like :
It is not really interesting , because it 's just a shell script .
Most people will probably not want to read its contents or be able to fully understand them .
This file is still worth a quick look any time you update the GRUB menu , to make sure the correct entries are included as you expected .
But only if you 're comfortable with scripts !
Sample /etc/ grub.d/ directory
These are the contents of the directory on a fresh installation , in this case Kubuntu :
Let 's review the scripts :
00 _header is the script that loads GRUB settings from / etc / default / grub , including timeout , default boot entry , and others .
We will talk more about these soon .
05_debian_theme defines the background , colors and themes .
The name of this script is definitely going to change to when other distributions adopt GRUB 2 .
10 _linux loads the menu entries for the installed distribution .
20_memtest86 + loads the memtest utility .
30 _os - prober is the script that will scan the hard disks for other operating systems and add them to the boot menu .
40 _custom is a template that you can use to create additional entries to be added to the boot menu .
Have you noticed the numbering in the script names ?
Well , this is somewhat similar to the order of Start / Kill scripts used in different runlevels .
The numbering defines precedence .
This means that 10 _linux will be executed before 20 _memtest86 + and therefore placed higher in the boot menu order .
The scripts are not very interesting .
Like the grub.cfg file , they are not intended to be edited , save for 40 _custom .
You need to very careful when working with these scripts .
We will soon see what they look like and learn how to use them .
Sample /etc / default / grub
The file is located under / etc / default :
This directory contains many other files so do not assume it is just used for GRUB .
The grub file is a text file that is parsed by the 00 _header script .
You can make your changes here , if you want .
We will talk about these later , in the Customization section .
Now we know what the core files are .
Let 's see how we use them .
Basic usage
It 's time to put our theoretical knowledge to some real action .
How GRUB 2 works ?
GRUB 2 works like this : /etc / default / grub contains customization ; /etc/grub.d/ scripts contain GRUB menu information and operating system boot scripts .
When the update - grub command is run , it reads the contents of the grub file and the grub.d scripts and creates the grub.cfg file .
That 's all .
To change the grub.cfg file , you need to edit the grub file or the scripts under grub.d .
Scripts are meant to be executed .
This means that they have the execute bit turned on .
If you turn the execute bit off , they will not run .
This means that you can place as many files as you want into the grub.d directory , as long as they are not executable shell scripts that update - grub can read .
If you want to use them , you will activate the executable bit , or vice versa , turn it off .
Let 's examine the scripts .
For instance , 00 _header and 05_debian_theme :
40 _custom makes a little more sense , but it still does not tell us how we can customize the scripts .
Do n't worry , we will soon learn everything .
Add new GRUB script
To add a new boot option , you will have to follow a basic syntax :
Create a new file that has a XX_ prefix in the name , where XX is a sequence of numbers .
If you want the new entry to be placed above others , use lower numbers , if you want it to be placed below others , use higher numbers .
For example , 11 _something will be placed after the default entries by the operating system , whereas 08 _something will be placed before the 10 _linux entries .
The next step is to write the actual content .
Here 's a sample :
#!/bin/sh -e
echo " Some string "
cat << EOF
menuentry " Something " {
set root =( hdX , Y )
-- boot parameters --
}
EOF
Let 's examine the file .
It 's a shell script , as declared in the first line .
echo " Some string " is a string that you will see when running update - grub .
If you do not want to see the echo command printed , you can redirect it to standard error or / dev/null :
echo " Some string " > &2
Example : echo " Adding openSUSE 11.2 "
cat << EOF defines the start of the actual boot entry .
menuentry " Something " is the name that will show in the menu .
Example : Linux .
set root =( hdX , Y ) - we 're back to old school , setting the root device .
Critical !
GRUB 2 uses PARTITION notation that starts with 1 and not 0 like GRUB legacy !
This is terribly important to remember !
In other words , devices are still numbered from 0 , but partitions start with 1 .
For example , this means that sda1 is now ( hd0,1 ) and NOT ( hd0,0 ) as before !
-- boot parameters -- will really change from one OS to another .
In Linux , you may want to use something like :
linux / boot / vmlinuz
initrd / boot/ initrd.img
But in Windows , you would probably use :
chainloader ( hdX , Y ) +
1
Therefore , a complete script example would look something like :
#!/bin/sh -e
echo " Adding my custom Linux to GRUB 2 "
cat << EOF
menuentry " My custom Linux " {
set root =( hd0,5 )
linux / boot / vmlinuz
initrd / boot/ initrd.img
}
EOF
Or for Windows , something like :
#!/bin/sh -e
echo " Adding Windows 8 to GRUB 2 menu "
cat << EOF
menuentry " Windows 8 " {
set root =( hd0,1 )
chainloader ( hd0,1 ) +
1
}
EOF
EOF ends the GRUB entry .
Now we have a file ready .
But we need to make it executable .
chmod +x XX_new_os_script
GRUB 2 commands
One more thing I 'd like to emphasize here is the data contained in the cat << EOF section .
As we 've seen just now , the cat command defines the start of the code in the script that will be added to the GRUB menu literally and NOT interpreted by the shell .
In other words , anything that goes between cat << EOF and EOF are GRUB commands .
We have used a number of different commands in this script .
Some of these you may have seen before in GRUB legacy , some may appear new and strange .
Not to worry , there 's a full list , including a comparison to GRUB legacy .
Some of the commands have been replaced and others added .
For more details , please check GRUB 2 command list .
Update GRUB
The new script is in place , but the GRUB menu ( grub.cfg ) has not been updated yet .
We need to run the update - grub command to make it happen .
update - grub
Here 's an example from a dual - boot configuration , which we will examine more deeply later on .
I 've added two Kubuntu entries and one Ubuntu entry to the Ubuntu GRUB menu .
I have done this in order to get rid of the default 10 _linux , which is ugly and uses generic kernel names in the titles , plus it calls both Ubuntu and Kubuntu the same .
But let 's move slowly .
Our first task is to add the new scripts .
After we ascertain that they boot fine , we will get rid of the duplicates .
After rebooting , we have this - I apologize for the uncomeliness :
Once we are using the new scripts boot properly , we can then chmod -x the 10 _linux and get rid of the generic 2.6.31 - 14 entries , keeping our menu nice and dandy .
Change script boot order by changing numbers
You can also change the numbers if you want .
For instance , I changed the Kubuntu entries to 08 and 09 , to make them boot first , before default entries and the custom Ubuntu script .
Replacing default entries
This is something you may want to do , just as we have shown above .
In order to make sure your new scripts boot correctly , you can refer to a working example of grub.cfg to make sure you use the right linux and initrd lines .
Here 's an example of what I have :
And accordingly , I 've created the new script :
OS Prober
OS Prober can also help you .
It will find additional entries on your hard disks and add them to the menu .
You can use the added information to create your own scripts .
Again , refer to the grub.cfg file , os - prober section , for more data :
Reinstall GRUB
GRUB 2 can be installed even while you are booted in the OS .
You do not need a live environment for that .
Just execute the grub - install command against the device or the partition you desire .
grub -install < target >
< target > can be / dev/hda , / dev/sdb , / dev/sdc4 , and so forth .
It is important that you pay attention to the output produced by the command .
If you have external disks connected at the time you run the command , it will add these disks to the list of mapped devices .
There should be no big harm in that , but if some entries are incorrect , remove them .
grub - install reports incorrect devices
Here 's an example of that :
You will need to open the / boot / grub / device .map file , delete the wrong entry , in our case the one pointing to / dev/sdb and rerun the grub - install command .
Mini summary
That 's it for now .
You have the tools you need to start working .
Still , to make things clearer , I 've prepared a short summary that concludes the introduction and basic usage sections .
Here we go .
GRUB 2 has three main parts :
/ etc /default / grub - the file containing GRUB 2 menu settings .
/etc/grub.d/ - the directory containing GRUB 2 menu creating scripts .
/ boot / grub / grub.cfg - the GRUB 2 configuration file , not editable .
update - grub command reads the /etc / grub.d directory and looks for executable scripts inside it .
The scripts are read , in the order of their numbering , and written into the grub.cfg file , along with the menu settings read from the /etc / default / grub file .
Boot entries come from several sources - the default that comes with the distribution , other operating systems probed on the connected disks and custom scripts written by the user , following a strict syntax .
The scripts are written as shell ( sh ) .
You can add / remove entries by simply chmod-ing the scripts ; no need to delete them .
GRUB 2 can be reinstalled anytime you want , even while booted in the OS .
Good so far ?
Excellent .
You see , it 's rather simple .
Now , let 's see a few real - life cases .
Afterwards , we will customize GRUB 2 and learn how to recover from serious errors and misconfigurations .
Real life multi-boot cases
In this section , we will discuss several common multi-boot cases that the average user might encounter , including GRUB and GRUB 2 mix , Windows and Linux side by side , chainloading , and some others .
Some of the experiments were conducted on real physical systems , so some screenshots of boot menus come from actual photos , so they may look slightly twisted and less appealing that you would like , but this is in order to reassure you that working with GRUB 2 is as simple as any other administrative task .
It just requires some patience and care .
Dual boot : two operating systems with GRUB 2
This is probably the simplest dual - boot configuration .
Both operating systems use GRUB 2 , so they can easily interact with one another .
The two systems are Ubuntu 9.10 and Kubuntu 9.10 , both formatted with Ext4 .
Ubuntu was installed first , with GRUB 2 installed to the MBR of / dev/sda .
Kubuntu was installed second , again to MBR , overwriting the previous instance .
However , the OS probe script found and added Ubuntu successfully .
If you 've read my Kubuntu tutorial , you will notice that Kubuntu entries are also labeled Ubuntu , which can be confusing if you have several , different Ubuntu entries on your machine .
In this section , we will :
Learn how to edit existing entries and make them more presentable .
Add new entries and reorder existing ones .
This will give us the initial clues into how GRUB 2 works and what users have to do to make it work .
After that , we will examine bootloading GRUB 2 ready systems from the legacy GRUB and vice versa .
And then , we will add Windows , too .
We have seen snippets of this testcase earlier .
We have our default entries , which do not look well and want them replaced .
So we refer to grub.cfg file , examine the syntax used by 10 _linux and we copy the relevant bits of data into our new scripts , called 08_9_10_kubuntu and 09_9_10_kubuntu_recovery .
Just like we did earlier .
After that , we need to chmod +x the scripts and update the GRUB .
Very simple .
After rebooting and verifying that everything works , we can get rid of the 10 _linux , having replaced its entries with the custom scripts .
Job done , very easy !
Dual boot : two operating systems with GRUB legacy & GRUB 2 mix
This is a very interesting case .
Let 's say you have two operating systems , like Ubuntu 9.10 , which uses the new GRUB 2 and boots from Ext4 , and a more classic distro like openSUSE 11.2 , which does use Ext4 , but still boots the old GRUB .
We will learn how to :
Boot Ubuntu from the context of the openSUSE GRUB .
Boot openSUSE from the context of the Ubuntu GRUB .
Edit entries in both systems to make things work .
Decision : which one is default ?
This is something you need to decide .
You have two bootloader options and you need to choose the default one .
If you 're asking me , at the time being , you should use GRUB legacy as your default bootloader , because it is production quality and has known , established support channels .
Running GRUB 2 will place you in a minority .
Therefore , if you are going to use GRUB legacy for booting , then you should :
Install GRUB into the MBR when installing the distribution that ships it , like openSUSE in our example .
Pay attention to these details when installing the distro !
Install GRUB 2 into the root partition where the distribution using it is installed , in this case Ubuntu .
Pay attention to these details when installing the distro .
Otherwise , if you plan on using GRUB 2 as your default , you need to do things the other way around .
If you are not really sure , review the partition table .
In our example , Ubuntu was installed first , with root under / dev/sda6 and home under / dev/sda7 .
openSUSE was installed next , to / dev/sda1 .
Since we want to use the GRUB legacy bootloader , then :
Ubuntu bootloader needs to be installed to / dev/sda6 .
openSUSE bootloader needs to be installed to MBR ( / dev/sda ) .
Now that this is done , let 's boot and see what happens .
After you install openSUSE , you will notice that the lovely green GRUB menu contains only openSUSE entries .
The reason is , GRUB legacy does not know how to handle the GRUB 2 layout directly and therefore cannot find and append entries to the menu .
You will have to do this manually .
Boot into openSUSE and open the menu.lst file in a text editor .
Back it up first !
We do not really know yet how to work with GRUB 2 entries from within GRUB legacy .
So we will assume that it 's the same thing like Windows .
We will chainload the other operating system , passing the command to the other bootloader .
Will this work ?
I do not know , but let 's try !
We 're using our GRUB experience and trying to adapt to the new situation .
For those who cannot see what 's in the image , we are adding the following entry to the menu.lst file :
title Ubuntu 9.10 Karmic Koala
root ( hd0,5 )
chainloader ( hd0,5 ) +
1
After booting , you will see the menu ( once again , excuse the ugliness ) :
If you try to boot the Karmic Koala entry , you will hit this unwholesome GRUB error 13 :
This kind of error is common for Linux users trying to boot Windows and Mac partitions .
For Windows , the solution is to try to remap the partitions , hide partitions or make them active , which usually solves the problem .
Mac -wise , the problem is similar to what we are facing here .
GRUB legacy that comes with openSUSE does not handle well the Ubuntu partitions + GRUB 2 mechanism .
We will need a different method to get things done .
For more information , check GRUB error messages .
Booting Ubuntu ( with GRUB 2 ) from openSUSE the right way
Here 's what you need to do to make things work .
Go back to openSUSE and open the menu.lst file again .
We need to make it look like this :
For those who cannot see what 's in the image , we are adding the following entry to the menu.lst file :
title Ubuntu 9.10 Karmic Koala
root ( hd0,5 )
kernel / boot / grub/ core.img
savedefault
boot
You may be wondering what we did here .
The answer is , core.img file is a small kernel image that allows you to boot the right drivers and properly identify and initialize the real kernel .
You can think of this file as a sort of a transitional initrd.img .
After rebooting , you will have the GRUB 2 menu .
Select the desired entry and boot .
Once inside Ubuntu , you can do a little trick if you want , that is , rerun the update - grub script .
It will now pick up the installed openSUSE as well and add it to the menu .
You will then have a recursive GRUB menu that calls the other that calls the other .
This is not necessary , but can be fun and exercises the power of knowledge and control .
Another interesting case is Mandriva 2010 and Ubuntu 9.10 dual boot .
When installing Mandriva , you have the option to manually edit the GRUB bootloader menu even before the first boot .
The truth is , many distributions let you configure the boot menu to some degree .
If you know what you need , you can save time by setting up the menu entries during the installation .
Here 's what editing the GRUB menu following Mandriva installation looks like :
Basically , we have done the exact same thing we did with openSUSE .
For more details , please take a look at the review above .
Dual boot : Windows 7 and Ubuntu
This will probably interest quite a few users .
In general , it 's the same as before .
However , to spice things up a little , I have also added another element of interest here , that of the GRUB to GRUB 2 upgrade .
Test case : a machine dual booting Windows 7 and Ubuntu Jaunty , as shown in my new dual boot guide .
Jaunty uses GRUB legacy , but it can be upgraded to GRUB 2 , which is what we 're going to do .
So , we will first go through the upgrade procedure , paying attention to important details and then , we will make sure our Ubuntu and Windows installations boot fine .
Upgrade from GRUB legacy to GRUB 2
The first thing is to install the GRUB 2 package :
sudo apt - get install grub2
Watch the terminal .
You will soon have to answer a few prompts .
Chainload first
The first thing you will have to decide upon is whether to install GRUB2 into MBR right away or test first by installing to the root partition where Ubuntu is installed and chainloading from GRUB legacy .
We have done this earlier , by calling on the core.img file , so we know how to do this .
For the sake of elegance , we wo n't skip this step .
The next step is to verify the command - line parameters .
Most people wo n't need to make any change here .
GRUB 2 is now installed :
Before we reboot , make sure the grub.cfg has been built correctly and that it contains the right entries , pointing to the right devices and partitions .
Use fdisk if you need to verify that everything is in order .
Ubuntu entry :
Windows entry :
It 's time to reboot and test .
Your GRUB menu should be changed now and include a Chainload entry for GRUB 2 at the top of the menu .
Possible errors
You may encounter GRUB Error 11 or GRUB Error 15 when you try to boot into GRUB 2 .
For instance , GRUB Error 11 means the wrong root device is selected or that you 're booting devices by ID rather than numbers , in which case you will have to change one of the strings to make it work .
To remedy the issue , you will have to highlight the Chainload entry , press e to edit , then change the root line to reflect your real selection .
Do n't forget you 're working with GRUB legacy still , so partitions are numbered from 0 .
In the worst case , cycle through root ( hdX , Y ) until you nail the right one .
Change the root entry , hit Enter , press b to boot .
Alternatively , if your GRUB uses strange , long string called device IDs rather than numbers , you will have to replace the string root with uuid and then you should be able to boot your kernel just fine .
HowtoForge has a great example , with screenshots .
Eventually , you should see the GRUB 2 menu :
As you can see , we have Ubuntu entries and we have Vista loader ( Windows 7 ) entries .
All seems well .
Now , boot both Ubuntu and Windows 7 to make sure everything works properly .
Once you 're satisfied , boot into Ubuntu and complete the migration process .
You can now write GRUB 2 into MBR and make it the default bootloader .
sudo upgrade - from - grub - legacy
Pay attention to the device mapping and change accordingly .
But that 's it .
We 're done .
We have now learned both how to upgrade GRUB , handle some boot errors and successfully boot a dual boot configuration including Windows and Linux .
Additional test case scenarios
Triple boot
From here on , it 's damn easy .
Use whatever you want .
If you 're running GRUB legacy as your bootloader , then you will use Windows entries like we did in the original article , plus an entry with / boot / grub / core.img for GRUB 2 entries .
And if you 're using GRUB 2 , then use OS Prober to find other operating systems .
And if you do n't like the titles , create custom entries based on the existing selection .
The world is your banana , now .
Customize GRUB menu
Let 's say we want to edit the GRUB 2 menu a little , including the default selection , the timeout and other options .
Edit /etc / default / grub
This file contains a few interesting options you may want to change , including the default selected entry , the default timeout and additional options .
GRUB_DEFAULT=0 specifies the default entry .
It counts from 0 , like any geeky menu .
Change to anything you like .
If you set the entry to GRUB_DEFAULT =saved , it will boot the last selected option from the previous boot .
GRUB_TIMEOUT =" 10 " specifies the default timeout .
Change to anything you want .
Very small values are not recommended .
Setting to - 1 will make GRUB wait indefinitely until you manually select an entry and hit Enter .
There are many other options , as you can see , I will not go through all of them .
It 's important that you remember that they exist and where they can be found .
Do not blindly make changes .
Consult the official documentation and always backup the file before tampering .
One more thing that may interest you is the removal of recovery entries .
Remove recovery entries from the menu
The last line in the /etc / default / grub file allows you to disable the recovery mod menu entries .
Simply uncomment the line and update GRUB :
GRUB_DISABLE_LINUX_RECOVERY=" true "
Remove memtest from the menu
If you do not want to have the memtest entries included , simply chmod -x the 20 _memtest script .
It will no longer be executable and wo n't be read into the grub.cfg file the next time you update GRUB .
sudo chmod -x 20 _memtest86 +
Change titles in menu entries
Instead of using the replacement tweaks I 've suggested earlier , by recreating the default Linux entries and removing ( chmod-ing - x ) the 10 _linux script , you can edit the actual script to behave differently and report information in a more human format .
This is some really geeky stuff , take at look at Ubuntu install title tweaks .
Change theme ( boot image )
You may want to use a beautiful image during boot rather than the boring blue one .
No worries , this can be easily done , by editing the 05_debian_theme script .
The first thing is to find a number of images you want .
Pay attention to image detail , as you want to achieve the right contrast between the entries and the background , so you can still read the menu .
I will show you my own example - learn from it .
Next , you need a directory to store the images .
By default , GRUB 2 takes images from / usr / share / images / desktop - base .
This can be a good location - or if you want your own , create one .
For instance , /usr / share / images / grub , just as shown on Ubuntu blog .
Copy your images there , mind the extension .
By default , GRUB 2 works with .png and .tga files .
You can also use .jpg images if you want .
The next step is to edit the 05_debian_theme script and change the relevant entry to point to your own :
What I did was comment out the original for loop that reads the image (s ) and created my own .
If you 're not really comfortable doing this , then you should probably postpone any theme tweaking until a later date .
My file is located : /usr / share / images/grub/dark.png .
Once the file has been changed , run update - grub to update the grub.cfg file .
If you 've done everything correctly , you should see Found Debian background message in the terminal .
Please note that the GRUB menu will not use background images unless these are enabled .
To do that , you will have to change the line use_bg=false in theme script and change it to use_bg=true .
Reboot and test :
As you can see , my choice of background image was bad !
You can not see the text !
Therefore , choose carefully what kind of background image you want to use .
A theme with a few soft gradients seems like the best idea .
For more details , take a look at the official Wiki documentation .
GRUB 2 recovery
Recover from failed boots
What happens if you ruin your GRUB 2 ?
There must be a way to reinstall it and save the day ?
Well , as always , there 's the easy way and the hard way .
Easy way : Super Grub Disk
This great tool works with GRUB 2 , so no worries , place it into the CD / DVD tray , boot and restore the mangled GRUB .
You should keep an image handy and ready , just in case .
Hard way : Manual fix from live CD
You will need a live CD that ships with GRUB 2 , like Ubuntu or Kubuntu .
Boot into the live session , mount the hard disk and install GRUB 2 to the MBR .
This is the sequence of commands you require ( assuming disk = / dev/sda ) .
You will need to mount the partition of your installed distribution ( e.g. Ubuntu ) containing the / boot directory .
It may also be a separate partition on your system , depending on your setup .
After it is mounted , you will have to rerun the grub - install command .
mount / dev/sda1 / mnt /
grub-install -- root - directory=/ mnt /dev/sda
If this does not work , you will have to go through a much longer , more complicated procedure , as explained in the official GRUB 2 Ubuntu Wiki documentation .
Use fdisk to locate the right root device , then mount it as before .
For the sake of this section , let 's assume that / dev/sda1 is a dedicated / boot partition and / dev/sda2 is the root partition of your distro .
sudo mount / dev/sda2 / mnt
If you have a separate / boot partition , you will have to mount it too :
sudo mount / dev/sda1 / mnt / boot
Next , remount the rest of your devices using -- bind option .
For more details about how the mount command works , please consult the man page .
sudo mount -- bind / dev / mnt/ dev
Effectively , you now have a root system under mount .
You can now change the root from your real one ( / ) to /mnt .
This is done using the chroot command .
sudo chroot / mnt
This means that command executed in this terminal will refer to / mnt / .
Now , reconfigure the GRUB package :
dpkg - reconfigure grub - pc
You will have to tell GRUB which device to use .
You can change the selection using Spacebar .
The devices shown will reflect that in the device .map file , so if you only have one , there should be no issues .
Once this step is done , you can exit from the chroot environment .
This is done by pressing Ctrl +
D keys .
After that , unmount the devices , first the / dev , then the rest :
sudo umount / mnt/dev
sudo umount / mnt
Now you can reboot .
GRUB 2 should be in place .
Small problems observed
This might be beta or just new features , but I must comment on a number of items I have observed , which could also help you troubleshoot problems in the future more easily .
Kernel crash dump mechanism
GRUB 2 includes a section that checks if a kernel crash dump mechanism like Kdump is installed configured and appends a section to the kernel line .
This is not a good idea , because the script does not check the offset where it can place the crash kernel .
Furthermore , the memory allocation should be done by the admin and not arbitrarily , because we do not know how big or small the crash kernel should be .
Command names
The two major commands , grub - install and update - grub do not align well .
Either both should begin with a grub prefix or both should have a grub suffix .
GRUB legacy versus GRUB 2
Now the big question , why one should you ( not ) use ?
GRUB legacy
It is older and no longer developed , but works great and has proven its worth many times over .
Editing the GRUB menu is a very simple thing and require little skill on the behalf of the user , save for making sure the right syntax is followed .
GRUB 2
GRUB 2 is beta software at the moment , although version 1.97 could easily become the official one .
This makes it a less likely candidate for production systems .
Additionally , GRUB 2 is more difficult to work with , because a ) it requires shell skill , which is not something everyone can do b ) changes to the GRUB menu are more difficult to implement and require three separate steps rather than one as before c ) the changes are not automatic and have to be " compiled " into the menu every time , similar to what LILO used to do .
GRUB 2 is currently supported by a very small number of distributions , thus you are less likely to receive support and find answers online , including official and unofficial circles .
What more , there 's a chance you will encounter problems when using GRUB 2 in a mixed environment .
Verdict
I have shown in both GRUB tutorials that even difficult tasks can be achieved relatively easily .
It is possible to enjoy both GRUB legacy and GRUB 2 , as my detailed examples clearly show .
At the moment , though , you are probably better off with GRUB legacy , especially if you are a less knowledgeable user .
If you 're running Ubuntu , then you can stick with GRUB 2 , as it comes as default , just make sure you follow my instructions for a happy and care - free grubbing .
More reading ( documents & links )
You are most advised to take a look at the following articles , reviews and howtos :
Official
GRUB 2 official site
GRUB 2 Manual
GRUB 2 Ubuntu Wiki documentation
GRUB 2 Command List
Other useful GRUB 2 resources
GRUB bootloader - Full tutorial ( my article )
Herman 's GRUB pages ( excellent collection of howtos )
GRUB error messages
How to change GRUB 2 theme
GRUB 2 title tweaks ( advanced stuff )
GRUB 2 on archlinux Wiki ( advanced stuff )
How to install GRUB 2 on Ubuntu 9.04
Conclusion
That 's it .
You now have a step - by - step guide for installing , configuring and troubleshooting GRUB 2 , including the overview of the layout and basic functions , numerous real - life examples like dual boot scenarios with GRUB legacy , GRUB 2 and Windows mixed together , as well as tools and instructions how to troubleshoot problems .
This guide should be very handy for you , whether you 're a beginner user , a recent Windows convert or a Linux veteran .
Compared to GRUB legacy , GRUB 2 is somewhat harder to use , as it requires familiarity and confidence working with shell , which is outside the realm of most users .
Furthermore , it does not easily permit changes and the boot configuration has to be rebuilt every time one is introduced .
The true power of GRUB 2 is yet to be revealed .
I hope you are going to like this tutorial as much as the original .
I will update it periodically if certain core functions in GRUB change toward production release , as well as write any important tip or trick that comes up .
Have fun and spread the word !
Updates
All and any updates regarding GRUB 2 will be listed here , including new features , bug fixes and additional test cases , as well as any other useful material , tips and tricks you find and recommend .
I suggest you occasionally check this section .
December 2009 , update :
Several question asked by my readers :
What if I use Ext3 filesystem ?
Can my GRUB boot partitions formatted with Ext4 ?
The answer is : maybe .
If your distro supports Ext4 , then yes , if it does not , probably not , because it wo n't be able to read anything from Ext4 - formatted partitions .
The easiest way to overcome filesystem compatibility issues is to use a dedicated / boot partition formatted with Ext3 .
This way , all modern Linux distros will support it .
I have two disks .
Ubuntu Karmic is on the second disk .
Do I have to use core.img file in my GRUB or can I chainload the usual way ?
The answer is : if you have a bootloader installed to the root of the second disk , then you can probably use the traditional chainloading method .
But if you 're using a single bootloader , then you must resort to core.img file .
Why there 's a difference between the 40_custom and your custom scripts ?
The answer is : 40 _custom script is already configured to be used within the context of other scripts when building the GRUB configuration file , at the end .
Custom scripts that you write can go anywhere .
Hence , the exec tail -n +3 $ 0 in the script that you need not use in your own scripts .
Will the custom scripts be updated if my other operating systems get kernel updates ?
The answer is :
Not automatically , and you 'll have to rewrite them to point to relevant kernels .
A way of solving this is to create a symbolic link to the latest kernel and the initrd image using vmlinuz and initrd generic names , respectively .
This is what openSUSE does , allowing you to keep your GRUB menu static .
The only change that needs to be done is to update the symbolic links following kernel updates , without touching the GRUB .
I can't get my custom backgrounds used in the GRUB menu anywhere !
See the use_bg section in the debian_theme script and make sure it 's set to true .
June 2010 , update :
GRUB 2 is currently at version 1.98 and this is considered a stable release .
There are some small changes in the overall functionality , but 99 % of what you see above still applies .
GRUB 2 rescue CD
If you 're not using Super Grub Disk ( SGD ) or have a live CD of a Linux distribution supporting GRUB 2 available , then you may want to consider creating a GRUB 2 rescue CD of your own .
Another advantage of this procedure is that the rescue CD will contain your custom GRUB menu .
This is done by using the grub - mkrescue command , which has a slightly different usage syntax for Lucid Lynx , which uses GRUB2 - 1.98 - 1ubuntu5 and Karmic and earlier , which use beta versions of the bootloader .
Now , here 's how to do it .
Ubuntu 10.04 :
grub-mkrescue -- output=< name>.iso /boot/grub
You can use any name you want .
Ubuntu 9.10 and earlier :
grub-mkrescue -- overlay=/boot/grub < name>.iso
After creating the ISO image , you should burn it and then test it , preferably on another machine , to make sure the GRUB is booted from the CD and not the local disk .
If you use a filename without a full path , the ISO image will be created in the current directory .
On the target ( test ) host , configured to boot from CD , the rescue CD should boot into GRUB commandline .
To make sure that the CD works as expected and contains your GRUB menu , please run the following command :
configfile / grub.cfg
This should output your menu .
Once satisfied with the change , keep the disc in standby for emergencies .
Remember to create a new ISO any time you update the GRUB menu .
You should use the rescue CD to boot into desired operating system and then repair the GRUB using grub - install command , as we 've seen earlier .
The rescue CD will not work if you delete the operating system or partitions containing them .
References :
How to make your own GRUB2RESCUE CD -ROM
There are also discussion threads available at Ubuntu forums and wilderssecurity.com , but they most revolve around the usage of these commands and the variations for different Ubuntu releases .
Thanks to Ocky for this tip !
December 2010 , update :
A few more changes yet .
Here 's the brief overview and update .
Notation
Once again , the notation has changed .
On MS - DOS type partitions , which represents the absolute majority of partition out there , GRUB2 in Maverick uses a new naming convention .
Instead of the generic hd ( X , Y ) , now you have hd ( X, msdosY ) , which could be a little confusing .
You must take this into account when creating complex multi- boot setups .
For more details , please take a look at my Maverick review .
Additional reading
You 're also welcome to take a look at the official Ubuntu forums thread on GRUB2 .
December 2011 , update :
Several more changes .
GRUB is officially at version 1.99 and comes with a few more changes .
The important cosmetic fix is that additional , older versions of the kernel are all listed under a single directory - like entry , making the menu easier to read .
Moreover , Ubuntu comes with a high - resolution menu and smaller font size .
Now , let 's examine several other things .
Booting Xen kernels in a multi- boot configuration governed by GRUB2
You have seen this example in my Xen intro tutorial .
Specifically .
Please note that if you 're chainloading openSUSE with GRUB2 , then you will need to create a special entry for the Xen kernel , which might not be automatically added by the OS probe script .
The entry looks different from standard boot stanzas .
multiboot / boot / xen.gz
module / boot / vmlinuz - xen < options >
module / boot / initrd-xen
Of course , adjust the exact paths to match your installations , devices , etc .
Here 's a screenshot of what it looks like on my test machine :
Fedora 16 Verne support
Fedora 16 also comes with GRUB2 .
Some of the settings are a little different from Debian - based systems .
In fact , you may find Fedora a little tricky to navigate after you 've used GRUB2 on Ubuntu and family .
Fedora GRUB2 support is still very early and rather buggy , with some of the functionality not yet implemented well .
How to update the GRUB menu
The update command is as follows :
grub2 - mkconfig -o /boot / grub2/grub.cfg
This will recreate the grub.cfg file based on your scripts under /etc / grub.d .
Edit header defaults ( entry and timeout )
Changing the default entry and the timeout in Ubuntu is fairly trivial .
This is not so in Fedora .
Editing the 00 _header file is more complicated .
You must actually change the script functionality to get what you need .
The timeout is defined by make_timeout ( ) function .
The function accepts two input parameters , GRUB_TIMEOUT and GRUB_TIMEOUT_BUTTON , which are declared at the beginning of the 00 _header script .
However , the variables will get different values based on a variety of environmental settings and configurations .
If you find it too hard tracking down the execution , you may want to brute - force the change .
In the make_timeout ( ) function , you can edit the declaration set timeout = $ { 2} to a static value .
The script will then ignore the input parameter and use whatever you choose .
For example , you may want to increase the timeout from 5 seconds to 20 seconds .
In that case , change the script as follows :
# set timeout = $ {2}
set timeout=20
Make necessary backups first !
And there 's no need to delete anything , just comment out the lines you do not want to use .
This way , you will be able to revert back to the original state if needed .
After editing the file , you must recreate the grub.cfg file .
Once the file is recreated , you can verify that your change has been configured properly by grepping the timeout value in the configuration file .
And here we are booting ; notice the timeout counter .
More reading
You may also want to consult the following online pages :
GRUB2 - FedoraProject.org
GRUB2 features - FedoraProject.org
If you feel a separate Fedora & GRUB2 tutorial is needed , we can arrange that too .
June 2012 , update :
GRUB 2.00 has been officially released .
It comes with all kinds of goodies .
We will be seeing GRUB 2 in its major release version coming to various distributions later this year .
For the end user , the changes should be transparent .
Just use this tutorial and have massive fun .
You might also want to look at my GRUB article in the 117th issue of the Linux User & Developer magazine released in October 2012 .
It 's basically a multi- boot tutorial with focus on the GRUB 2.00 release .
Enjoy .
January 2014 , update :
A small update on how to update the GRUB configuration file on openSUSE .
This is very similar to the exercise we have conducted on Fedora above .
The grub.cfg file needs to be created using the grub2 - mkconfig command , with the output file flag .
grub2 - mkconfig -o /boot / grub2/grub.cfg
You can then create test files and compare before committing changes .
May 2014 , update :
You might also be interested to learn about an Asus Ultrabook setup that includes UEFI , Secure Boot , GPT partition table rather than MS - DOS , and a dual - boot configuration of Windows 8.1 and Ubuntu .
The GRUB2 configuration is entirely transparent , because of the built - in support in the Ubuntu image .
But as a use case , it is quite interesting , especially given the rather complex default layout of the laptop in question .
April 2015 , GRUB2 & EFI recovery :
If you need to recover GRUB on systems with UEFI and GPT , then I have a complete separate guide for this .
The procedure is a bit long and it warrants its own article , that 's why I 'm splitting from this already very long and detailed howto .
June 2015 , GRUB2 & UEFI :
Furthermore , a reader named Phil has some additional interesting pointers .
Namely , the location of the grub.cfg file is different on systems that use UEFI .
You can locate the correct path on your system using the find command :
find / boot - name ' grub.cfg '
For instance , you may get / boot / efi/EFI / centos / grub.cfg .
Therefore , if you need to update the configuration file , and you want to do it explicitly , without using the GRUB update command , you will need to specify the correct file as the output :
grub2 - mkconfig -o / boot/efi/EFI/<os>/grub.cfg
February 2017 , GRUB2 & UEFI errors :
I have published two additional tutorials that help address several new boot problem scenarios , including a corrupt EFI partition after an installation of a Linux distribution , and not being able to boot other operating systems in a multi- boot setup governed by a Red Hat based distro bootloader on UEFI systems due to missing EFI modules with linuxefi and initrdefi commands .
error : can't find command ' linux '
error : can't find command ' initrd '
More to come ... P.S. If you find this article useful , please support Dedoimedo .
Cheers for now , stay tuned for updates .
In a six - day span just before the US Senate election , Republican Scott Brown collected nearly $ 450,000 from donors who work at financial companies , a sign the industry is prepared to spend heavily in the upcoming midterm elections to beat back new controls and taxes President Obama wants to impose .
( Full article : 1014 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
February 27 , 2010 Share Tweet
A Future Health Now !
member asked a question about eating fruit and avoiding high blood sugar :
In Modules 31 & 32 you recommend eating fruit at least 20 - 30 minutes before a meal .
But I thought it was better to eat fruit after a meal so that it absorbs more slowly and does n’t spike your blood sugar level .
The main reason I discourage combining fresh fruit with protein , starch and fat is because it causes indigestion .
The fruit breaks down quite quickly but ca n’t be absorbed because your gut is waiting for the other foods you ate to digest .
In the meantime , since you ’re not absorbing the sugar from the fruit – the bacteria in your gut has a fiesta causing toxic fermentation and gas .
Cooking a little fruit into your porridge is okay .
Or a little fruit in a protein smoothie …
Alright .
The key word here is “ little . ”
Otherwise , eat fruit separate from meals .
But only when you are truly hungry .
First thing in the morning is good because your blood sugar is usually a little low anyway .
Or eat it before or after you exercise .
Most people are a diabetic disaster waiting to happen — drinking soda pop constantly and eating donuts day after day .
And here the health - conscious are fretting over what a little piece of fruit will do to their blood sugar .
Relax !
A small portion on an empty stomach is perfectly fine .
Yes , it may require your pancreas to produce a little bit of insulin – but that ’s the pancreas ’ job .
Carolyn Dean MD ND
The Doctor of the Future ®
RESOURCES :
Along the borders and in the links of my web site you can find my books , writings , and my call - in radio show .
Email your questions to : questions@drcarolyndeanlive.com .
Quick Tour :
For those with limited reading time , the Introduction and
Science Myths sections provide a good overview of this article .
Introduction
In this article I 'll describe some common science myths , then I 'll try to explain why and how science achieves what it does .
Included in our equation , almost as an afterthought , is a small term that represents science as it really is — a doubt factory .
It remains to be seen whether this term can influence the solution of the equation of which it is a part .
On the left - hand side of the science equation , along with the earnest seekers we have people who want to believe in something , who feel betrayed by religion and other fixed belief systems and who hope science will offer a certainty that religion cannot .
We also have people who just want to find out things , who want to be entertained , or who seek validation that life makes sense .
On the right - hand side of the equation are those who would like to exploit public ignorance of science to sell you something , or who want to entertain you by pretending that science is something it 's not .
Yet another term in the equation are those who try to shape public policy in irrational ways based on a grave misunderstanding of science itself .
There are others who want science 's prestige without the perspiration , who think science means lab coats , clipboards and slickly printed journals .
Then there are companies and individuals who encourage public ignorance of science , because this can be turned into a marketing strategy ( by promoting the idea that science is truth ) .
Ironically , the least effective science boosters are scientists , who for reasons of personal integrity and professional discipline do n't normally get involved in science advocacy , because that stand might appear inconsistent with scientific principles .
Science confusion is n't limited to psychologists .
In a recent online conversation about science , a correspondent said , " Michio Kaku is a wildly popular and incredibly intelligent theoretical physicist .
He believes in multiverses .
I 'm going to share his beliefs . "
When I read this , I was forced to realize there are people who turn to science , not because they understand it , but because they see it as a belief system much like religion , but more respectable and up - to - date .
During my multi - year campaign to try to get psychologists to see the benefit of scientific standards , I 've had many interesting conversations about the nature of science itself .
During these exchanges it has slowly come to me that most people do n't understand science , including many who assert an attachment to science for personal or professional reasons .
Science Myths
Science can only accomplish what it does by encouraging doubt and skepticism , by challenging received wisdom , by being irreverent and subversive .
All these traits , essential to science 's effectiveness , place it at odds with the religious outlook .
In the context of science , here are working definitions for the terms speculation , hypothesis and theory :
As science becomes more important in our lives , as it acquires and deserves more attention , the number of science myths increases in step .
Here are some of them :
Experiment and Theory
To restate a point made above , a scientific theory is an idea that is supported by evidence and is falsifiable in practical tests .
If an idea has no evidence but is consistent with existing theories , it is a hypothesis .
If an idea is not consistent with existing theories and has no evidence , it is speculation .
All these categories have appropriate roles in science , but all scientific ideas must eventually be supported by evidence .
Word Definitions : Language is not science and people arrive at word definitions by consensus .
Dictionaries are not meant to tell people how to use words , but to describe how people use words .
For example , let 's look at the definition of " literally " : in a literal sense or manner : actually < took the remark literally > < was literally insane > in effect : virtually < will literally turn the world upside down to combat cruelty or injustice — Norman Cousins > Definition ( 2 ) flatly contradicts definition ( 1 ) .
The reason ?
When words are used in contradictory ways , a dictionary can only report this fact — so it does .
Words are defined by the people who use them , not by dictionaries , and the sole criterion is effective communications .
: Language is not science and people arrive at word definitions by .
Dictionaries are not meant to tell people how to use words , but to .
For example , let 's look at the definition of " literally " : Merriam - Webster — literally : Definition ( 2 ) flatly contradicts definition ( 1 ) .
The reason ?
When words are used in contradictory ways , a dictionary can only report this fact — so it does .
Words are defined by the people who use them , not by dictionaries , and the sole criterion is effective communications .
Because words do n't have fixed meanings ( see " Word Definitions " box on this page ) , my definitions for theory , hypothesis and speculation are obviously open to debate , but I think these definitions are consistent with common usage , and provisional agreement on these terms is important to the topic .
However , because the meaning of scientific theory is critical to science , its definition is less open to debate — a theory must be supported by evidence and must be falsifiable .
Some fields are accepted as scientific , some are not .
The distinction between the two depends on the presence or absence of testable , falsifiable theories and a few other things :
A scientific field is defined by its theories .
No theory , no science , no scientific field .
If a field does n't have a central , testable , falsifiable corpus of theory that all work in the field addresses , the field is not scientific .
If a field 's theories cannot be tested and falsified , the field is not scientific .
If a field 's theories do n't have supporting evidence , or if the evidence falsifies the theories , the field is not scientific .
If research in the field does not address the field 's theories , that research cannot confer scientific status to the field .
The implications of item ( 5 ) above are far - reaching and suggest that many fields commonly thought to be scientific , fields with scientists , results and scholarly journals , are scientific in name only .
For example , much of the scientific work in psychology cannot confer scientific status to psychology itself on the ground that it does n't address psychology 's central defining theories .
The reason for that , in turn , is because psychology does n't have a central , clearly defined theoretical structure open to test and falsification .
This defect is shared by many of the " social sciences , " fields described as sciences only to confer an unearned status .
To make this point , let 's compare psychology with physics .
Physics Example
The Global Positioning System ( GPS ) is a reliable way to establish one 's position on Earth 's surface .
The GPS system relies on satellites carrying very accurate atomic clocks .
The satellites send radio signals to a user 's GPS receiver , which calculates a position based on the arrival times of the satellite signals .
What transmitter power the satellites must have to be successfully received by GPS receivers on the surface .
How much thrust a particular rocket fuel can produce , and how much that fuel weighs .
Which orbit is optimal for a GPS satellite .
How large a rocket must be to successfully launch the satellite and place it in the desired orbit .
Which GPS clock timing to set , based on :
The satellite 's orbital speed ( to account for the time change resulting from Special Relativity ) and
The satellite 's position in Earth 's gravitational field ( to account for the time change resulting from General Relativity ) .
How to produce and maintain the desired stable orbit , which requires a deep understanding of orbital mechanics .
To launch a GPS satellite , one must have a deep understanding of physical theory :
This example shows the importance of theory to a practical result , the central role played by theory in physics , and the testability and falsifiability of the theories .
Specifically , the designers of the GPS system knew in advance that the atomic clocks carried by the GPS satellites needed to be adjusted to accommodate the effects of both Special and General Relativity .
Upon launching the satellites , the prediction was confirmed and the system met or exceeded its design goals — and coincidentally provided another experimental confirmation of physical theory .
Because physics is a science , because it is based on tested theories , physicists can reliably say what will happen in a given situation , and more important , they can say why — in other words , they can move beyond description to explanation .
Some have argued that describing is enough to create science , and there are fields entirely based on description , but to shape a theory one needs an explanation :
In explaining an observation , one takes the first step toward a theory .
A theory can be used to generalize a specific observation .
The theory can be used to predict similar results in other circumstances within the theory 's domain .
The predictions can be tested and will either confirm or falsify the theory .
This is why description alone cannot lead to science — without an explanation , there is no basis for generalization , prediction , testing , and falsification .
Psychology Examples
My use of psychology as a counterpoint is n't to argue that it's a particularly bad example of sloppy science and pseudoscience , only that I 've studied psychology extensively over the past five years as part of an effort to persuade psychologists that a more scientific approach might be in their best interests .
Falsifiability is essential to a theory 's scientific standing .
This does n't mean all theories are false , it means a legitimate scientific theory must be testable in practical experiments , and potentially falsified by those tests :
If a theory cannot be falsified , it is not scientific .
If a field is defined by an unfalsifiable theory , the field is not scientific .
If a position is based on an unfalsifiable theory , that position is not scientific .
Falsifiability is the single most important property of science and scientific thinking .
is essential to a theory 's scientific standing .
This does n't mean all theories are false , it means a legitimate scientific theory must be testable in practical experiments , and potentially falsified by those tests :
Psychology is not defined by central , testable theories , and it is almost entirely reliant on description , not explanation .
When a psychologist makes a claim — for example , " Cognitive - Behavioral Therapy ( CBT ) is more effective than its alternatives " — it is a description without any effort to explain .
If someone were to try to explain why CBT is effective , that explanation might lead to a theory that could be tested in different , complementary circumstances , and the possibility of a practical test would create the falsifiability criterion on which science depends ( see the " Falsifiability " box on this page ) .
As a result of psychology 's theory vacuum , if someone contradicts the claim that CBT is more effective than alternatives ( e.g. more effective than speaking to a sympathetic aunt ) , this counterevidence would make no difference to psychology or the practice of CBT .
I know this to be true , because that refutation has been made repeatedly and supported by research [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] , but these results have had no effect , on the ground that an experimental result cannot refute a nonexistent theoretical claim .
" A meta -analytic review of interventions based on MI found effect sizes across studies in the small to moderate range for alcohol and the moderate range for drug use when compared to a placebo or no-treatment control group ... "
Other serious obstacles to psychology 's scientific standing are poor experimental controls and nearly nonexistent replication rates .
Here is an example of poor experimental controls drawn from psychology 's professional literature
Excuse me ?
What is a " no- treatment control " ?
Well , it 's a group of people who are not given any treatment .
Their outcome is being compared to a group of people who are given treatment .
This experimental design is typical of modern psychological research — the " control group " are people who are simply told to go home , while the experimental group receive one - on - one sessions with a mental health professional .
The outcome is expected to have scientific validity .
The Placebo Effect is a phenomenon in which an ineffective treatment ( a sugar pill ) produces a seemingly beneficial effect due to psychological factors , or an objectively beneficial treatment is undermined by psychological factors .
The Placebo Effect is very powerful and represents a confounding obstacle to research involving human subjects .
is a phenomenon in which an ineffective treatment ( a sugar pill ) produces a seemingly beneficial effect due to psychological factors , an objectively beneficial treatment is undermined by psychological factors .
The Placebo Effect is very powerful and represents a confounding obstacle to research involving human subjects .
Because of the Placebo Effect ( see the " Placebo Effect " box on this page ) , the described study is less than pointless .
It is pointless because the control group 's treatment is so distinct that they cannot realistically be thought of as a control , and it is less than pointless because the result has been published as though it has scientific meaning .
This study joins a huge corpus of research of similar quality that represents the present state of psychological research .
For those unfamiliar with human studies , here is a list of experimental designs ranked in descending order by their probability of producing useful science :
Prospective studies , studies in which groups are randomly selected from a representative population and experimented on :
A " double - blind " controlled experiment is one in which neither the researchers nor the subjects know which group ( experimental or control ) they belong to , and ideally those who later evaluate the experimental data also do not know which group is which .
A " single - blind " controlled experiment is like the above but the experimenter knows which subjects are experimental and which are controls .
A controlled experiment is one in which an experiment is conducted on two groups — a group receiving the stimulus under study , and a control group not receiving that stimulus — but no effort is made to conceal the identities of the groups .
An uncontrolled experiment is an informal study in which a stimulus is applied to one group , and there is no control for comparison purposes .
Retrospective studies , studies in which the experimental groups are selected from within the population based on their past histories :
Studies in which two groups can be located in the population that are similar except for the trait under investigation .
Studies in which one population can be located and is compared to the general population .
Studies in which conclusions are drawn on the basis of popular accounts and common knowledge .
The problem with retrospective studies is that there is no meaningful way to draw reliable conclusions based on them .
For example , let 's say a study is meant to determine whether a group that takes vitamins is more intelligent than one that does n't .
We can't just sign people up for a prospective study and give half the subjects vitamins and the other half sugar pills — that would be unethical .
So we must use a retrospective experimental design , one in which the subjects are drawn from the population , based on their pre-existing behaviors — some who take vitamins , some who do n't — and try to decide how this affects intelligence .
Most readers will see the problem with this design — for groups drawn from the population at large , some of whom take vitamins , and some who do n't , how are we to determine whether the experimental outcome is a cause or an effect ?
Did the subjects take vitamins because they are intelligent , or are they intelligent because they take vitamins ?
Study : Pot Smoking Increases Risk of Psychosis [ 4 ] .
A quote : " Of those who smoked pot for more than six years , 3 to 4 percent went on to develop a psychotic disorder before the age of 21 .
By comparison , lead study author John McGrath estimates that around 1 percent of people worldwide suffer from psychotic ailments . "
This example shows the key problem with retrospective experimental designs — one cannot reliably separate causes and effects .
And the number of " studies " that try to draw scientific conclusions from observed public behaviors is staggering , and the undeserved attention these studies get is no less than a scandal .
Here 's an example :
To avoid the pitfalls of a retrospective study , the researchers briefly considered asking teenagers to smoke pot , but quickly saw the problems with this approach .
This means the classic problem endemic to retrospective studies is present in this study — a confusion of cause and effect ( people inclined to use drugs might be more prone to mental illness ) .
Well below the scare headline are comments like this : " ... every study on the issue thus far has been imperfect :
Despite controlling for variables like family history or childhood trauma , researchers were hard pressed to conclude that marijuana use caused psychosis , and not the other way around . "
Or both these factors might be correlated with a third unexamined possibility .
This quote is also noteworthy : " Armentano also points to studies that have found no connection between pot and psychosis , like a systematic review out of the United Kingdom just last year .
' I do n't see any Reuters headlines on those , ' he said , noting that it 's much easier to get research dollars for studies into the adverse effects of marijuana . "
So , if the scientists behind this study openly acknowledge that a cause - effect relationship cannot be established , how does the article merit the headline , " Pot Smoking Increases Risk of Psychosis " ?
The answer is that this is typical of modern - day psychological research .
Psychology cannot become truly scientific until there is a defining , falsifiable theory to which all such work refers , and until psychologists begin explaining instead of describing .
Until this happens , no amount of psychological research can grant psychology the status of a science .
I chose a drug study for this example because such studies are especially difficult for practical reasons , and because the topic is controversial , bias becomes a risk at every level — from acquiring grant money , to choosing subjects and protocols , to the interpretation of results .
Consider the implications of this example .
On one hand we have an experimental design that cannot produce a reliable result and a study that ends up producing an ambiguous outcome .
On the other hand , we have public information machinery that can be relied on to mischaracterize a study 's outcome and as a side effect make science look like a tool for confirmation of popular sentiment .
Describing versus Explaining
The distinction between describing and explaining is critical to science and the shaping of theory :
For a field to become scientific , it must have one or more theories .
The theories must be testable in practical experiments and potentially falsifiable .
To support a field 's scientific status , research within the field must address that field 's theories .
Theories are shaped by creating an explanation for observations , then generalizing the explanation , then testing the generalization in new experiments .
No amount of description can substitute for an explanation .
Here are some examples that show the advantage of explanation over description :
One day at the seashore , the water level suddenly drops and recedes from shore in an unprecedented way , uncovering many fish suddenly stranded , flopping about on the sand , waiting to be picked up .
Description :
The ocean has receded , and stranded fish can be picked up off the sand .
: The ocean has receded , and stranded fish can be picked up off the sand .
Explanation : A sudden drop in water level at a beach is a classic warning of an impending tsunami , a tidal wave , and to avoid drowning in the oncoming wave , people must move to high ground immediately .
: A sudden drop in water level at a beach is a classic warning of an impending , a tidal wave , and to avoid drowning in the oncoming wave , people must move to high ground immediately .
Joe , a teenage driver , notices that his car needs 80 feet to stop when traveling at 40 miles per hour .
Joe wants to know how much stopping distance he will need at 80 miles per hour .
( For simplicity , we neglect reaction time in this example . )
Description : Common sense says that , if 80 feet is needed at 40 miles per hour , then 160 feet will be needed at 80 miles per hour .
: Common sense says that , if 80 feet is needed at 40 miles per hour , then 160 feet will be needed at 80 miles per hour .
Explanation : A moving object has kinetic energy [ 5 ] , and it is this kinetic energy that is dissipated by tire friction on the roadway .
Kinetic energy is equal to an object 's mass times the square of its speed , so if you double a car 's speed , its stopping distance becomes four times greater — so the stopping distance required for 80 miles per hour is not 160 but 320 feet — twice the expected distance based on " common sense " .
: A moving object has kinetic energy , and it is this kinetic energy that is dissipated by tire friction on the roadway .
Kinetic energy is equal to an object 's mass times , so if you double a car 's speed , its stopping distance becomes — so the stopping distance required for 80 miles per hour is not 160 but 320 feet — twice the expected distance based on " common sense " .
A group of fishermen is rescued from the North Sea , where they have been immersed in cold water for 90 minutes .
They are severely hypothermic .
What is the best aid strategy ?
Description :
The rescued men are still very cold , and that cold may kill them , so warm them up — give them warm blankets and hot drinks .
: The rescued men are still very cold , and that cold may kill them , so warm them up — give them warm blankets and hot drinks .
Explanation : Hypothermia is as complex as it is dangerous .
The biggest danger is to allow cold blood from the extremities to rush back into the victim 's torso too quickly , and the easiest way to provoke this response is to warm the victim too fast .
: Hypothermia is as complex as it is dangerous .
The biggest danger is to allow cold blood from the extremities to rush back into the victim 's torso too quickly , and the easiest way to provoke this response is to warm the victim too fast .
( This is a true story [ 6 ] , and the result was tragic —
In 1980 , 16 Danish fishermen were rescued from the North Sea and given hot drinks .
Within an hour , all of them were dead . )
To summarize , fields that describe natural phenomena are not sciences unless they endeavor to explain what they describe .
The explanations can lead to a theory , and it is testable theories that define a scientific field .
This means one may find an organized , distinct field , with scientists doing legitimate scientific research and publishing in scientific journals , but unless the research addresses that field 's theories , the research cannot contribute to the field 's scientific status .
No testable theory → no science → no scientific field — regardless of the number of clipboards and white lab coats .
- FH_DATE_PAST_20XX scores on all mails dated 2010 or later .
Summary : FH_DATE_PAST_20XX scores on all mails dated 2010 or later .
Hot on the heels of us thinking maybe the Dell Streak Mini 5 was possibly due for a name change to the " M01M , " a roving heckler from TechCrunch managed to catch the man himself , Michael Dell , on the street and get a quick demonstration of the thing -- which he with no uncertain terms referred to as the " Mini 5 . "
He swiped through a number of home screens and quickly showed the five megapixel camera on the back , mentioned 3G wireless , and then tucked it away again .
No price was given , but the biggest news is confirmation that it 's coming out in " a couple of months , " which is something of a surprise given the company was still calling it a concept just a few weeks ago .
Video of this choice encounter is after the break .
[ Thanks , Mark O. ]
I ’m delighted to announce the release of version 0.3 of the book Algorithmic Graph Theory .
You can grab the latest release of the book at the project website on Google Code .
Initially , I started writing that book in November 2009 as a way to document the graph theory module of Sage .
In the process , I discovered two bugs ( cf. # 8372 and # 8395 ) .
In January 2010 , David Joyner began contributing to the book , resulting in the release of version 0.2 on 26th January 2010 .
Recently , Nathann Cohen contributed a chapter to the book .
And with David ’s latest patch , a first draft of the chapter on trees and forests is complete .
Notable changes in version 0.3 include :
A first draft of the chapter “ Trees and Forests ” .
Polishing up the chapter “ Introduction to Graph Theory ” .
The majority of the tikz / pgf macros of this chapter have been rewritten to make them more compact .
A first draft of the chapter “ Graph Problems and Their LP Formulations ” .
Fix typos reported by Fidel Barrera - Cruz and Daniel Black .
A big thank you to Fidel and Daniel .
Flu shots prevent wrinkles !
Clinical trials are a joke
( Natural News )
The propaganda push for flu vaccines has reached a level of absurdity that 's just begging to be made fun of .
Today , a flu vaccine story appearing inclaimed that injecting pregnant women with flu shots wouldby half a pound .
That same story claimed flu shots are so healthy for pregnant women that they also prevent
It even quotes a team of experts who claim that injecting an expectant mother with a flu shot would reduce the hospitalization of her infants , explaining : " Flu vaccine given to women during pregnancy is 85 percent effective in preventing hospitalization in their infants under 6 months of age .
" This conclusion was derived from a study of , by the way , and it did n't even use randomized , placebo - controlled study protocols , meaning the conclusions of the study are highly unreliable ( more vaccine quackery ) .
Speaking of bizarre claims , anotherreport appearing this week claims thatprevent flu deaths !
This story reports , " Patients taking statin drugs were almost 50 percent less likely to die from flu , researchers reported on Thursday in a study providing more evidence the cholesterol - lowering drugs help the body cope with infection .
" How was this " science " conducted ?
There was n't even a clinical trial at all .
Researchers simply checked the medical records of people who died from seasonal flu infections and found that 3.2 % of the patients who were n't taking statin drugs died from flu complications while only 2.1 % of the patients who were taking statin drugs died .
Since 2.1 % is roughly 50 % less than 3.2 % , they leaped to the conclusion that " statin drugs prevent flu deaths by 50 percent !
" When it comes to pushing drugs and vaccines , Big Pharma never misses an opportunity to misrepresent science in order to fabricate statistical support for some silly claim .
Using the same statistical quackery as the drug companies , I could easily design a meta - analysis study that would find .
And then , with a little help from Big Pharma it would be a simple matter to get some medical journal to publish the article .
The mainstream media , for its part , would then declare , " Flu shots prevent skin wrinkles !
" But why stop there ?
Flu shots might also eliminate bad breath , too .
Proving so would be an easy matter , too : Just take 100 people with various levels of bad breath , give flu shots to those with the freshest breath , then resample their breath levels following the flu shots .
Voila !
Those who got the flu shots have the freshest breath !
( Although this sounds incredibly stupid , it 's exactly how some clinical trials are designed from the start : Certain groups are included in the study , or eliminated from the study , solely based on how well they will support the desired outcome ... )
Send this " research " to Reuters , and you might even get a write - up : " Flu shots prevent bad breath , say scientists .
"
In fact , using the right study design , , including varicose veins , shyness and gray hair .
It all comes down to how the study is designed from the start .
With proper statistical revisions , virtually any substance can be proven to prevent -- or promote -- almost any health condition .
That 's because in modern medicine today , When a researcher sets out to create a study or clinical trial with a pre-ordained conclusion rather than an open mind , he can accomplish that in a variety of ways :
By excluding study participants that do n't fit his conclusion , by eliminating data sets from meta - analysis studies , by controlling the timeline of the study to end it before side effects start to appear , and so on .
That 's why " proving " that a flu shot can improve erections , or function as a pharmaceutical face lift , or eliminate snoring is also a simple matter .
can be made to look statistically significant by a clever enough researcher .
Interestingly , a new study published in thesought to review whether published papers describing pharmaceutical clinical trials even bothered to mention the negative side effects observed during the trials .
They found : • 11 % of the published studies mentioned no negative side effects whatsoever . • 56 % of the published studiesthe reporting of negative side effects to minimize their impact . • 47 % of the studies gave zero data on the withdrawal of subjects from the study ( this is how study participants get " kicked out " of the clinical trials when they threaten the desired outcome of the study ) .
What this analysis reveals is that .
The way such trials are conducted today is merely a kind ofthat 's staged to invoke the illusion of science where none exists .
And keep in mind :
The entire pharmaceutical industry is based on this !
Clinical trials are the so - called " scientific evidence " the FDA looks at to approve drugs .
Remember :.
It merely accepts the clinical trials conducted ( and paid for ) by the drug companies , and then it accepts that research to be honest and trustworthy !
This is how Vioxx got approved by the FDA .
It 's how Rezulin got approved .
It 's the reason Alli was approved as an over - the - counter weight loss drug even though it may be linked to liver damage .
Big Pharma has used quack clinical trials to win FDA approval for some really dangerous drugs , and the practice continues today .
That 's why it 's so hilarious when pharma pushers question natural remedies , claiming " Natural remedies have no clinical trials to back them up !
" Why bother ?
Clinical trials , it turns out , prove absolutely nothing .
They are simplythrough which chemical pushers grasp for an illusionary foothold in the realm of fuzzy statistics .
Having a clinical trial that " proves " a drug works does n't mean the drug works at all ; it merely means your company has a big enough budget to hire a sufficiently creative research team that can wrangle together the conclusions you wish to support .
To call any of this " science " is entirely laughable .
And oh , by the way , did you know that taking a flu shot improves your eyesight and gives you a tight bum , too ?
It 's been proven in a clinical trial ... Reuters : Reuters : LA
Times :
TEHRAN , Iran — Iran on Thursday hanged two men convicted of trying to topple the country 's clergy - led regime , the first known executions of opposition activists since unrest broke out following June 's disputed presidential elections , the Web site of state television reported .
The report identified the two men as Mohammad Reza Ali Zamani and Arash Rahmanipour , and said they were convicted of trying to topple " the Islamic establishment " and of membership in armed opposition groups .
News ...
The head of the UN 's climate change panel has accused politicians and prominent climate sceptics of " a new form of persecution " against scientists who work on global warming .
In a strongly worded article published on the Guardian website , Rajendra Pachauri , chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , hit out at those in " positions of power and responsibility " who try to portray " dedicated scientists as climate criminals " .
Pachauri also accused critics who have used an error in the 2007 IPCC report to question the scientific basis of climate change of " an act of astonishing intellectual legerdemain [ sleight of hand ] " .
Scientific knowledge of climate change , he says , is " something we distort and trivialise at our peril " .
Pachauri 's comments come after repeated attacks on the credibility of the IPCC following the high - profile discovery of a mistake about melting Himalayan glaciers in its report .
The mistake has prompted calls for Pachauri to resign and forced the IPCC to convene an international panel of experts to review the way it operates .
In the Guardian article , Pachauri writes : " Thousands of scientists from across the world have worked diligently and in an objective and transparent manner to provide scientific evidence for action to meet the growing challenge of climate change .
To obscure this reality through misplaced emphasis on an error in a nearly 3,000 - page rigorous document would be unfortunate . "
He adds : " Even more unfortunate is the effort of some in positions of power and responsibility to indict dedicated scientists as ' climate criminals ' .
I sincerely hope the world is not witnessing a new form of persecution of those who defy conventional ignorance and pay a terrible price for their scientifically valid beliefs . "
This appears to be a reference to James Inhofe , a US senator and long - standing climate sceptic , who last month called for a criminal investigation of climate scientists .
Inhofe published a minority report from the Senate committee on environment and public works that claimed climate scientists involved with a controversy over emails from the University of East Anglia released online " violated fundamental ethical principles governing taxpayer - funded research and , in some cases , may have violated federal laws " .
The report named 17 US and British climate experts as " key players " in the affair and highlighted their roles in preparing IPCC reports .
The list included Phil Jones and Keith Briffa of the University of East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit , and Peter Stott , a leading expert at the Met Office .
Michael Mann , a US scientist at Penn State University , who is on the list , said : " I think the following quote characterises the situation best : ' Continuous research by our best scientists … may be made impossible by the creation of an atmosphere in which no man feels safe against the public airing of unfounded rumours , gossip , and vilification . '
The quote was n't made during the last few months .
It was made by US president Harry S Truman in 1948 , in response to politically motivated attacks against scientists associated with the dark era of McCarthyism . "
Mann added : " I fear that is precisely the sort of atmosphere that is being created , and sure , it impacts research .
The more time scientists have to spend fending off these sorts of attacks and dealing with this sort of nonsense , the less time is available to them to actually do science , and to push the forefront of our knowledge forward .
Perhaps that is the intent ? "
Pachauri says it was " to be expected " that the critical choices that climate change asks of human society " would pose challenges for some stakeholders and sectors of the economy " .
He added : " But to ignore the IPCC 's scientific findings would lead to impacts that impose larger costs than those required today to stabilise the Earth 's climate . "
UPDATE : European leaders have reached a deal to help Greece out of its financial crisis , EU President Herman Van Rompuy said Thursday .
Immediate details were not available , but Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk told reporters earlier that the aid was likely to come in the form of voluntary loans .
ATHENS , Greece —
First it was the farmers , who have been blocking Greek roads and border posts with their tractors for weeks .
Then , on Wednesday , civil servants shut down airports , public offices and schools .
Taxi drivers take their turn today , when they ’ll strike over new fuel taxes .
As Greece struggles to cut public spending and tackle its double - digit budget deficit , it ’s facing resistance from unions and workers who say they should n’t be the ones to pay for the state ’s profligate ways .
They hope a wave of public discontent will force the government to back down on pledges to cut public sector wages and increase the retirement age , as has happened in the past .
“ Cutting wages wo n’t affect the real , deeper problems in the economy , ” said Ilias Vrettakos , vice president of ADEDY , the largest Greek public servants union , which organized Wednesday ’s strike .
“ The capitalists got us into this situation and the capitalists should pay . ”
But with intense pressure from the markets and other European countries — along with intensifying rumors that a bailout is imminent —
Greece ’s four - month - old Socialist government has little room for compromise .
While Greece ’s economic problems have been dominating the headlines in recent weeks , the fundamental problems stretch back decades — back to before the country joined the European Union and eurozone .
Successive governments have used the public sector to reward supporters , while turning a blind eye to corruption .
In the public sector , “ the wages are low and the productivity is low , ” explained Stravros Katsios , associate professor of international economic relations at the Ionian University in Greece .
Under the system as it exists , public sector employees are forced to take second , under - the - table jobs .
Their work for the state brings benefits , but little pay : “ We pretend to pay them and they are pretending to work . ”
The toxic mix of widespread tax evasion — which reduces revenues — and a bloated civil sector has led to the fiscal mess Greece currently finds itself in .
Greece ’s finance ministry estimates that there are 700,000 public employees in Greece , but some estimates put the number at over a million , nearly one in four workers .
The reality is the government itself does n’t know how many people it pays .
It ’s trying now to create a centralized payroll system .
But ordinary workers , like the ones who took to the streets on Wednesday , say their salaries are already low and their tax burden is high .
Despina Koutsoumba , a 36 - year - old archeologist who works for the Greek Ministry of Culture , protested Wednesday wearing a ghoul mask and a sign that said : “ I stopped smoking , I stopped drinking , what else do you want me to give up ? ”
She said her base salary is 880 euros a month , about $ 1,200 .
On top of that , she usually earns another 420 euros , or $ 580 , in bonus pay .
But under the proposed austerity measures , she will see a 10 percent cut in her bonus pay .
“ It ’s 50 euros less , which makes a big difference to me , ” she said .
“ I ’m married .
I have a child .
This is a good salary by Greek standards , but it ’s still hard to survive . ”
Many protesters questioned whether Greece ’s economic straights were as serious as the country ’s leaders — and international markets — insist .
“ I ’d be more willing to make sacrifices if I could trust that the rich and the capitalists would be taxed too , ” said Panayotis Katikas , 58 , an engineer who works for the government .
“ But once again the costs are being pushed to the workers and nothing is going to get better . ”
But so far , Greece ’s government is holding firm .
It says it has no option but to implement painful austerity measures and that Greeks across the social spectrum will have to make sacrifices .
Last year , the country ’s deficit soared to 12.7 percent of GDP and its public debt rose to 113 percent of GDP .
Now the markets , and many of Greece ’s European partners , fear the country wo n’t be able to borrow enough money to keep paying its debts .
Other European countries like Spain and Portugal are facing similar scrutiny and doubts , raising concerns about the stability of the euro and the future of the 16 - member eurozone .
Despite pledges for weeks that Greece would n’t need a bailout , talk in Europe this week turned to the discussions of how to help Greece .
European leaders are meeting in Brussels today to discuss the crisis and there are widespread expectations that a rescue plan may be announced .
( European leaders have reached a deal to help Greece out of its financial crisis , EU President Herman Van Rompuy said Thursday , though further details were not yet avaliable . )
But any bailout will likely come with harsh conditions .
Other heavily indebted European countries like Ireland and Spain have already pledged deeper cuts than those proposed by Greece ’s government and many analysts predict that assistance from Europe will be accompanied by demands that Greece cut its spending even further .
Smith raped and murdered Holly Fallon and killed her mother A convicted sex offender has been jailed for a minimum of 32 years for raping and murdering a 10 - year - old girl and murdering her mother .
Thomas Smith , 26 , lived next door to Diane Fallon , 43 , and her daughter Holly in Cronberry in Ayrshire .
Smith killed the pair in March last year then hid their bodies .
Judge Lord Turnbull told him : " You have set a benchmark of depravity below which it is difficult to imagine any other human being sinking . "
The High Court in Glasgow heard that the 26 - year - old former soldier was on the sex offenders register after a sexual offence against another 10 - year - old girl in Teesside in northern England in 2006 .
Strathclyde Police said it was carrying out a full review of how Smith was managed .
Diane and Holly Fallon were missing for 11 days before police discovered their bodies after a massive search operation .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The court was told that Smith strangled them with a cable from a games console , using a technique he perfected while in the army .
Speaking after the sentencing , relatives of Diane and Holly Fallon described Smith as " evil personified " .
Mrs Fallon 's sister , Deborah Weir , said : " There are no words in the human vocabulary which can describe the evil that stood in the dock today .
" He has taken the lives of two innocent people , in a most brutal and horrific manner .
" Diane , a loving mother , daughter , sister and aunt and Holly , a beautiful sister , granddaughter , niece and cousin .
READ IN FULL
HMA versus Thomas Bennie Smith - Sentencing statement from Lord Turnbull [ 55.5KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
It went on : " Their loss has had a huge impact on us as a family .
Our lives will never be the same again , there will always be something missing .
" We believe that justice has been done for Diane and Holly , and we can take some comfort in the knowledge that he 's going away for a very long time . "
Derek Ogg QC , prosecuting , said Mrs Fallon and Smith had a " platonic friendship " although she was unaware he was a registered sex offender .
On the day of the killings Smith was celebrating his birthday and exchanged texts with Diane Fallon arranging to play on his new pool table at his flat .
Mr Ogg said the last entry in Holly Fallon 's diary was about the visit .
It read : " Dear diary , I am in Tom 's house .
My mum and he are playing snooker .
I want to play and I hope I can .
Love you , bye . "
The bodies of Holly Fallon and her mother Diane were found in Ayrshire Just hours later Smith , a former private in the Royal Logistics Corps , murdered the pair .
The court heard that the head teacher at St John 's Primary in Cumnock became concerned when Holly failed turn up for classes .
A friend of Diane Fallon reported to police that the pair were missing .
It soon became evident that unemployed Smith was the last person to see them alive .
The former soldier later confessed to his father that he had " accidentally " murdered the pair , claiming that Diane had come at him with a knife .
What you did to each of your victims is to my mind more properly described as sadistic torture .
Judge Lord Turnbull Holly Fallon 's body was found hidden under stones in a river .
The body of her mother was discovered in undergrowth outside the village of Craigens .
Speaking after the conviction , Geri Watt , area procurator fiscal for Ayrshire , said : " Exactly what happened to Holly and Diane in their final few hours is still unclear , but the evidence shows that Smith subjected each of them to a prolonged and terrifying attack and committed serious sexual assaults against them .
" It has been very important to all of us in the prosecution service to ensure that he was brought to justice for these truly horrific crimes . "
Det Chf Supt John Mitchell of Strathclyde Police said it was " only right " that the force conducted a review into the management of Thomas Smith .
Smith lived next door to the Fallons in Cronberry He added : " We shall be sharing the content of this review with the family and then submitting it to an independent , multi-agency process .
" If lessons can be learned from this case , rest assured they will be . "
" This was a despicable crime that has devastated a family and shocked the community of Cronberry as well as the rest of the country .
Passing a life sentence , Lord Turnbull said Smith would have to serve at least 32 years in prison before he could apply for parole .
He added : " What you did to each of your victims is to my mind more properly described as sadistic torture .
" You told nothing like the truth about how each had been murdered .
" Even in these courts , where we here see the worst of humanity , your conduct stands out as exceptional . "
As Smith was led away , there were shouts of " rot in hell " and " hope you are tortured in prison as you tortured them " from the public gallery .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Maynard writes :
Hayek came to Cambridge in January 1931 to give a one - lecture version of his theory to the Marshall Society before starting on his LSE lectures .
His exposition was greeted with complete silence .
Keynes was in London , but Richard Kahn , who was in the audience , felt he had to break the ice .
' Is it your view ' , he asked Hayek , ' that if I went out tomorrow and bought a new overcoat , that would increase unemployment ? '
' Yes , ' replied Hayek , turning to a blackboard full of triangles , ' but it would take a very long mathematical argument to explain why .
-- Robert Skidelsky , John Maynard Keynes : The Economist as Saviour , 1994 , p. 456 .
[ Quoted from Kahn , The Making of Keynes 's General Theory , p. 182 . ]
From Joan Robinson :
Joan Robinson ( 1972 ) , " The Second Crisis of Economic Theory " ( Richard T. Ely Lecture ) :
What was the state of orthodox opinion when the world was struck by the great slump ?
First of all , there was the famous Treasury View of 1929 ....
Lloyd George was campaigning for a policy of public works ; Keynes with Hubert Henderson produced the pamphlet Can Lloyd George Do It ? , which first adumbrated the theory of the multiplier and of the relation of saving to investment .
To answer Lloyd George , the Conservative government produced a White Paper in which various ministers stated the case against spending money in their respective departments on housing , schools , roads , etc .
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was Churchill ; he could not bring himself a second time to defend deflation and sound finance .
It was left to the officials to produce the argument for the Treasury .
Their case was very simple .
It was based on the idea that investment is governed by saving .
If the government borrowed £ 100 million to spend on public works , there would be £ 100 million less for foreign investment .
The surplus of exports would fall by a corresponding amount .
There would be a transfer of employment but no change in the total .
It is not fair to put much weight on this .
The Treasury , after all , was required to say something and this was what they thought of to say .
The fact that it appeared to be a respectable argument , however , certainly was a symptom of the state of opinion at that time ....
The main orthodox reaction to the slump was the argument that wages were too high .
This could be backed up by statistical argument .
In those old days , prices used to fall when there was a decline in demand , so that prices were lower relatively to money - wage rates than when employment was higher .
In a style of argument nowadays familiar in another context , a correlation was exhibited as a cause .
The theory that unemployment could be due only to wages being too high received solid support from the evidence ....
While the controversy about public works was developing , Professor Robbins sent to Vienna for a member of the Austrian school to provide a counter attrac- tion to Keynes .
I very well remember Hayek 's visit to Cambridge on his way to the London School .
He expounded his theory and covered a black board with his triangles .
The whole argument , as we could see later , consisted in confusing the current rate of investment with the total stock of capital goods , but we could not make it out at the time .
The general tendency seemed to be to show that the slump was caused by [ excessive ] consumption .
R. F. Kahn , who was at that time involved in explaining that the multiplier guaranteed that saving equals investment , asked in a puzzled tone , " Is it your view that if I went out tomorrow and bought a new overcoat , that would increase unemploy - ment ? " '
" Yes , " said Hayek , " but , " pointing to his triangles on the board , " it would take a very long mathematical argument to explain why . "
This pitiful state of confusion was the first crisis of economic theory that I referred to ...
Gallery : Messages from the Stone Age
Time to look around the paintings ( Image : Dozier Marc / Photolibrary )
THE first intrepid explorers to brave the 7 - metre crawl through a perilously narrow tunnel leading to the Chauvet caves in southern France were rewarded with magnificent artwork to rival any modern composition .
Stretching a full 3 metres in height , the paintings depict a troupe of majestic horses in deep colours , above a pair of boisterous rhinos in the midst of a fight .
To the left , they found the beautiful rendering of a herd of prehistoric cows .
“ The horse heads just seem to leap out of the wall towards you , ” says Jean Clottes , former director of scientific research at the caves and one of the few people to see the paintings with his own eyes .
When faced with such spectacular beauty , who could blame the visiting anthropologists for largely ignoring the modest semicircles , lines and zigzags also marked on the walls ?
Yet dismissing them has proved to be something of a mistake .
The latest research has shown that , far from being doodles , the marks are in fact highly symbolic , forming a written “ code ” that was familiar to all of the prehistoric tribes around France and possibly beyond .
Indeed , these unprepossessing shapes may be just as remarkable as the paintings of trotting horses and tussling rhinos , providing a snapshot into humankind ’s first steps towards symbolism and writing .
Until now , the accepted view has been that our ancestors underwent a “ creative explosion ” around 30,000 to 40,000 years ago , when they suddenly began to think abstractly and create rock art .
This idea is supported by the plethora of stunning …
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democrats in the House of Representatives said on Saturday they had secured enough support to pass a sweeping healthcare overhaul and would dump a controversial plan to avoid a direct vote on the Senate bill .
President Barack Obama walks with Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) as he arrives at a meeting with members of the House Democratic Caucus to discuss the health care package in the Capitol Visitors Center Auditorium on Capitol Hill in Washington , March 20 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Yuri Gripas
An upbeat House Democratic leader Steny Hoyer predicted victory in Sunday ’s vote on the biggest revamp of the $ 2.5 trillion healthcare system in four decades , although even the most optimistic Democrats expected a razor - thin margin .
“ Clearly , we believe we have the votes , ” Hoyer told reporters .
“ We expect we have the votes to pass the Senate bill . ”
House Democratic leaders spent Saturday in a whirlwind of closed - door meetings and conversations on the House floor with wavering party members as they tried to nail down the 216 votes needed for final approval .
President Barack Obama traveled to Capitol Hill to rally support and urged House Democrats to “ stand up ” and take what he acknowledged could be a tough vote politically .
“ I know what pressure you are under , ” Obama told the Democrats .
“ This is one of those moments .
This is one of those times where you can honestly say to yourself : ‘ Doggone it , this is exactly why I came here . ’”
Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid joined Obama at the rally and told House Democrats he had commitments from “ a good majority ” of the 100 - member Senate to pass the changes to the healthcare bill the House will take up on Sunday .
Reid ’s office released a letter to Pelosi from Senate Democrats pledging their support for the changes , which they would take up once they are approved by the Senate , but did not say how many senators had signed it .
Under heavy Republican criticism and pressure from some Democrats , Democratic leaders backed away from a controversial proposal to pass the Senate bill , which is unpopular with House Democrats , without a direct vote .
Democratic aides said instead the House will take at least three votes on Sunday -- on the rule setting the process , the revisions to the Senate bill sought by House Democrats and on the Senate bill itself .
‘A BETTER PROCESS ’
“ We believe this is a better process , ” Hoyer said .
Republican critics claimed victory and said Democrats would now face a potential political backlash on both votes .
Slideshow ( 15 images )
“ They will have to vote on the Senate - passed bill , stuffed with tax hikes , Medicare cuts , and infamous backroom deals , and they will vote on something worse : their ‘ fix ’ with more taxes , more Medicare cuts and new special deals , ” House Republican leader John Boehner said .
The political battle over healthcare reform has consumed Congress for more than nine months , putting a dent in Obama ’s approval ratings and worrying Democratic lawmakers who face re-election in November .
The overhaul , Obama ’s top domestic priority , would expand coverage to 32 million uninsured Americans and ban insurance practices like refusing coverage to those with pre-existing medical conditions .
It would require all Americans to have health insurance but give subsidies to help lower - income workers pay for it and set up exchanges where individuals and groups could shop and compare insurance plans .
The House Rules Committee met into the evening on Saturday to set the debate rules and the process for passing the legislation on Sunday .
If the Senate ’s version of the bill is approved on Sunday , it will become law once signed by Obama .
The package of revisions designed to win over wavering House Democrats would move in a separate bill the Senate would take up next week .
House Democrats , who passed their version of the overhaul with three votes to spare in November , picked up seven new converts in recent days who said they would switch their November votes to “ yes ” from “ no . ”
Democratic leaders ruled out a separate vote on adding more strict anti-abortion language to appease a handful of Democratic holdouts who are abortion rights opponents , another sign Democrats were growing confident .
“ We have an agreement with the Senate -- this is what we are passing in both houses , ” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said of the healthcare package .
Democratic leaders had worked for days to heal a rift with a small group of abortion rights opponents led by Democratic Representative Bart Stupak .
They threatened to oppose the bill unless the ban on using federal funds for abortion was strengthened .
Democrats said the concerns of Stupak ’s group might be met if Obama issued an executive order clarifying the ban .
As Democrats tried to line up votes for Sunday , thousands of conservative “ Tea Party ” protesters gathered outside the Capitol , waving yellow “ Do n’t Tread on Me ” flags and chanting : “ Kill the Bill . ”
The researchers found that subjects assigned leadership roles were buffered from the negative effects of lying .
Across all measures , the high - power liars — the leaders — resembled truthtellers , showing no evidence of cortisol reactivity ( which signals stress ) , cognitive impairment or feeling bad .
In contrast , low - power liars — the subordinates — showed the usual signs of stress and slower reaction times .
“ Having power essentially buffered the powerful liars from feeling the bad effects of lying , from responding in any negative way or giving nonverbal cues that low - power liars tended to reveal , ” Carney explains .
It ’s an unsettling finding that prompts a number of questions , the first of which is , if powerful people can lie without suffering consequences , are they prone to lie more ?
“ Even a very ethical person who suddenly finds herself in a position of power is probably going to notice on a conscious or unconscious level that lying no longer feels bad , ” Carney says .
“ We ca n’t say empirically that power makes a person lie more , but the evidence does suggest that power would make you lie more easily and therefore more often . ”
Carney emphasizes that these results do n’t mean that all people in high positions find lying easier : people need only feel powerful , regardless of the real power they have or their position in a hierarchy .
“ There are plenty of CEOs who act like low - power people and there are plenty of people at every level in organizations who feel very high power , ” Carney says .
“ It can cross rank , every strata of society , any job . ”
WASHINGTON ( WOMENSENEWS )
–For the first time since federal welfare law was overhauled in 1996 , the official in charge of overseeing the program told a congressional hearing last week that the decline in the number of welfare cases is problematic .
" Caseload decline is positive if it is accompanied by decline in poverty and increases in employment , " Carmen Nazario , assistant secretary for children and families at the Department of Health and Human Service , told the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Income Security and Family Support on March 11 .
If that decline is accompanied by a rise in child poverty and a drop in the employment rate of single mothers , however , then it is not a mark of success , she said .
The subcommittee hearing was one of many leading up to the reauthorization vote on the welfare program , a block grant to states formally called the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) , which expires in September .
The program , which was last reauthorized in 2005 , supports low - income households headed by single parents .
When TANF was enacted , President Clinton and the Republican leadership presented the significant changes as a way to put a single parent on a path out of welfare and into financial independence through the imposition of work requirements and time limits for assistance–as well as funding limits to the states .
Under the previous program , Aid to Families with Dependent Children , single parents were entitled to aid , channeled through the states , although it too included work requirements and other strictures .
The 1996 law included a host of rules and sanctions that permitted states to more easily end a family ’s assistance and capped the amount each state could receive .
Concern When Clock Runs Out
Under TANF , the maximum time a parent could receive federal subsidies was for five years , although many states adopted shorter time limits .
Anti-poverty advocates have long worried about what happens to families when the " clock " runs out , especially in a recession as deep as the current one .
" I think TANF is a lagging indicator of a recession , " Russell Sykes , chairman of the National Association of State TANF Administrators , told the subcommittee .
He predicted that the caseload would grow over the next two years .
" We ’re just seeing the tip of the iceberg , " he said .
The government defines poverty as a family of four earning $ 22,050 a year .
The child poverty rate fell from 22.7 percent to 16.2 percent during the first few years following the 1996 changes in the welfare law .
In 2008 , the child poverty rate rose to 19 percent , while the TANF program–the primary federal safety net for single mothers and their children–hit an all - time low of 1.7 million cases .
About 90 percent of the TANF heads of households are single mothers .
The program caseload has increased slightly to 1.8 million since last September , and many predict that the recession will create further demand for welfare assistance .
Tim Casey , a senior attorney with Legal Momentum , a women ’s advocacy group based in New York , told Women ’s eNews that the two biggest fixes needed for TANF include increased access to the safety net program , which currently reaches only 27 percent of poor children , by changing eligibility rules and relaxing sanctions that force people out of the program for minor infractions .
The second fix is higher federal funding , which has flat - lined over the past decade , thereby decreasing in value , due to inflation .
For the current cases , cash benefits are insufficient in many states , most glaringly in Mississippi , where a family of three receives only $ 170 a month .
Advocates such as Casey say the TANF program is broken and requires immediate repair to help needy families who ’ve been hit hard by the recession .
Filling in Recession - Related Holes
The Obama administration in its 2011 budget has kept program characteristics and funding levels essentially unchanged at about $ 17 billion .
It has proposed extending an emergency fund with an additional $ 2.5 billion and replenishing a five - year contingency fund with $ 1.8 billion to fill holes left by the recession .
In her statement to the subcommittee , Nazario said the administration would take on a " more comprehensive examination " of TANF this year " in preparation for a full reauthorization of welfare reform , " though she declined to give a timeline .
Casey praised the administration for continuing the emergency fund , which was started with $ 5 billion from stimulus money last year and expires in September .
The fund does three things : subsidizes jobs , gives additional assistance to states that have increased their caseloads and provides emergency benefits for expenses such as utility bills .
Supporters of the emergency fund are trying to insert it into the jobs bill that ’s working its way through the House , fearing that the subsidized jobs will be cut in the coming months if the fund is not continued .
The administration ’s budget also calls for a new $ 500 million Father , Marriage and Families Innovation Fund , which shifts a Bush - era marriage promotion initiative into a testing ground for programs that would help welfare parents build more sustainable careers .
" It ’s significant and important , " Casey said about the additional money .
" I think of it as a down payment on what needs to get done . "
Removal of Education and Training Caps
Wisconsin Rep. Gwen Moore , a Democrat and former welfare recipient , seconded Casey ’s endorsement of the emergency fund .
But during her testimony to the subcommittee she added that Congress should remove caps on education and training , which are limited to one year .
She noted research showing heads of households who lack a college degree are 13 times more likely to be poor than their more educated counterparts .
Members of Congress who advocate for an improved welfare system , such as Subcommittee Chairman Jim McDermott , D - Wash . , did not rule out structural changes to TANF this year , though his staff declined to give any specifics .
Advocates for overhauling TANF point to a paper written by Elizabeth Lower - Basch of the Center for Law and Social Policy , a national anti-poverty nonprofit based in Washington , D.C. , as their agenda .
Lower - Basch recommends allowing welfare recipients to integrate more education and training into required work , replacing a system of federal incentives to states for lowering caseloads with one that rewards states for lifting families out of poverty and changing program requirements so that more poor families can qualify for TANF and receive increased benefits .
Melissa Boteach , a poverty researcher at the Washington - based think tank Center for American Progress , is working with the congressional committee in charge of reauthorizing TANF .
She said chances are " not strong " that Congress will address major structural deficiencies this year .
But she ’s hopeful that the emergency fund and the new innovation fund focused on career training will strengthen the overall TANF program this year , while laying the groundwork for more comprehensive reform next year .
Julia Marsh is a Washington , D.C. - based correspondent .
In addition to reporting for Women ’s eNews , she covers domestic and foreign affairs for a Japanese newspaper .
For more information :
CLASP Policy Paper on TANF :
http://www.clasp.org/admin/site/publications/files/TANF-Reauthorization-Goals.pdf
Subcommittee hearing testimonies :
http://waysandmeans.house.gov/Hearings/hearingDetails.aspx?NewsID=11036
I hope you guys have been having a good time checking out the X10 information that has been flowing out like a stream of Microsoft - branded consciousness .
Seriously , it 's kicking the butts of everyone who is going , and I 'm doing my best to get you the best information possible .
Round
Two is coming soon !
Now , there 's a good reason you 'll want to hear about what I 've got in store for you -- I got a hands - off demo of Lionhead 's Fable III .
While there was plenty that was not shown or only hinted at , there 's a whole lot that is exciting all the same .
Hit the jump for my impressions .
Fable III ( Xbox 360 )
Developer : Lionhead Studios
Publisher : Microsoft Game Studios
To be released : Holiday 2010
In Fable III , you 'll play as the son ( or daughter ) of the main character from 2008 's Fable II .
All of the standard stuff you 've come to expect from a Fable game is here : the good and the bad , the multiple plots paths , the dog , co-op -- everything .
Even better , you can import your save from Fable II , and you will be able to gain some extra features , as well as influence the state of your new main character .
Not much changes , but in a post - Mass Effect 2 world , it 's a nice feature .
What is not coming back is a health bar , or a HUD ... period .
This is the big news that Molyneux said was going to piss gamers off .
Honestly , it 's still hard to figure out how much health you have left , but there you go .
In Peter we trust , I suppose .
The game is heavily inspired by Charles Dickens and the Industrial Revolution in that Albion is now a heavily industrialized nation due to the actions of the corrupt king .
Children as young as five - years - old are working in factories , and at least ten a day are dying .
Everyone is sad , and it's up to you to make a change or keep things nasty as you progress through the game .
Molyneux made it very clear that there is a new theme in Fable III : power .
“ Power ” runs through the whole game , and you 'll even become King or Queen by the story 's mid-point .
Considering the HUD is gone , and also considering that XP is now AWOL in a traditional sense ( more on that later ) , being a powerful leader is very important .
You 'll be getting followers , and each action you take will cause you to gain or lose followers .
Let 's say you 're the king .
If you had promised to close the factories employing children , open schools , and turn towns into the idyllic places they once were -- and then you do n't come through -- you will lose followers .
If you divorce your wife , you will lose followers .
If you marry a baroness , you will gain followers .
There 's a lot going on , and everything will fluctuate as you play .
I 've been told that the number of followers is pretty much the clearest manifestation of XP in Fable III .
The game features two major updates to the Fable franchise .
First , every weapon you use has an impact on you , the player .
One of the complaints of Fable II was how even female characters would get really bulky .
This changes with Fable III .
Depending on the weapon type , you will bulk up or bulk down .
A heavy hammer will " Conan you out , " while using a gun will make you a pussy - footed weakling .
Magic users will become more ... magical ( much like the iPad ) .
A mixture of weapon uses will also offer a mixture of physical traits .
Also , now characters have wings called “ extreme expressions . ”
They pop out when you do attacks , and will align to your good and bad traits .
This also ties to the weapons .
Weapons initially start out weak and simple , and depending on what you do , the item will start to look and act different .
If you kill a bunch of spiky Hobs and murder innocents , the weapon will be spiky and drip blood .
If you kill a lot of another enemy , it 'll start to pick up those traits .
Even better , those weapons will be tied to your Gamertag , so your unique weapon will be called “ [ email protected ] 's Blade of Blood , ” or something similar depending on your chosen Xbox LIVE handle .
Even when you trade it , that weapon will always be named after you .
Molyneux also mentioned that the weapons are tied to your Gamerscore , but how those numbers translate into the game and with these weapons was made unclear .
The next , and biggest , update of Fable is the inclusion of the “ touch ” feature .
Heavily inspired by Ico , “ touching ” is done with the right trigger , and it is a contextual interaction with the characters in the game .
You can discipline your daughter or pick her up , or hug your wife .
As King , drag peons down to the dungeon , and more .
The flagship animation here is holding hands .
You can walk your daughter back home , or you can drag a hobo to be sold to a factory .
It 's supposedly designed to create more emotion , as well as man- on - man hand - holding , and looks like a core element of Fable III .
Oddly , there was no confirmation of an episodic rollout ; Molyneux was very diplomatic and indefinite .
After the episodic release of Fable II , it seems like a good enough guess .
An even more curious missing element was the lack of a mention of Project Natal .
Or the support of Project Natal .
Or something .
See , while Molyneux was talking about the game , a representative was playing it .
Almost every time a “ touch ” element of the game would happen , the player would move his right hand like he was holding hands with the character -- for example , lifting up the child .
I even saw him do a finishing move like an overhead smash with his hand .
Was there a hidden Natal camera somewhere ?
I have no idea , but I 'm going to speculate that players without Natal are going to be able to play using just RT , and Natal payers will have support for some " waggle . "
If what I suspect regarding Natal is true , I 'm not really impressed .
Of course , we wo n't find out until E3 , I 'm sure , and I hope , Molyneux has some surprises in store that are better than what we 've already seen with Wii motion .
The graphics have been boosted quite a bit , as well .
While the last game had smallish , cramped dungeons , Fable III 's are more expansive .
The general world is pretty nice and lush where it needs to be .
It 's obvious at a glance that this sequel looks much better than Fable II .
Fable III certainly has some pretty interesting new features , and it's obvious that the game is going in some interesting directions .
It 's also obvious that there is a whole lot that Molyneux is keeping close to his chest .
Let 's see if the guy can follow through with all that he 's promised , and maybe deliver on the Natal stuff he 's hinted at .
Fingers crossed .
Click to open photo gallery :
' We Are Not Really Germans ' New Study Looks at Challenges Faced by Germany 's Muslims
It 's no secret that many immigrants have a hard time in Germany .
A new study has found that women wearing headscarves have a particularly hard time on the job market and a quarter of those with Turkish backgrounds face discrimination when looking for work .
Von Sheila Lalwani
Buscan facultar a jueces del registro civil para que orienten a quienes nombran a sus hijos James Bond , Pocahontas , Terminator o Anivderev ( por el aniversario de la Revoluci�n Mexicana )
Regulaci�n de nombres Llamar a un hijo James Bond , Pocahontas o Masiosare ( por ejemplo ) quedar� prohibido para proteger a los menores de futuras burlas .
( Foto : Archivo EL UNIVERSAL )
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Jueves 18 de marzo de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
19:34
OnlineTV.com Histories First To Broadcast Live TV 24/7
The very first Internet television network Visit https://www.onlinetv.com and invest !
This video was made by an OnlineTV intern back in 1999 and released in 2000 .
It features
The history of live broadcasts on the Internet happening each night live from New York City and London along with Rick Siegel , the man who made it all happen .
It shows the creation of shows at the famous Spiral Lounge , a top music dive at the time , as well as short clips of Mr. Siegel , back in the day , as he set up and recorded the bands .
A historical short that shows what the leading edge of live video on the Internet was all about 5 years before Youtube came into existence .
OnlineTV.com was 10 years ahead of its time .
https://youtu.be/cy-D54L_5Bo
Richard Siegel founded OnlineTV in 1996 to bring live broadcasts and archives to the Internet .
Working with all the major players Siegel took his idea to fruition and played with several leading edge technologies of the time .
The first broadcasts used a jpeg push with a separate audio feed .
Later they switched to a Graham Technologies software being offered by Thinking Pictures which they called “ Rockpipe . ”
By the time this video was made Siegel switched over to using Microsoft ’s media player and broadcast technology working closely with John Maffei at Microsoft .
Rick Siegel and Yahoo
It was in 1998 that Siegel and Yahoo started to work out a deal to broadcast their first TV advertising over the Internet broadcast .
It only took OnlineTV a few days to get the advertising inserted into the broadcasts and the adverts would play every 5 minutes .
They were pretty funny and cool advertising and the people at Yahoo and OnlineTV.com was pretty happy .
But word came down from the head office at Yahoo that the advertising had to be pulled as the contracts for the actors required $ 10,000 for each showing of the advert .
Clearly a large hurdle was discovered as the advertising industry was just not ready for Internet broadcasting and their contracts would have to evolve into something else .
Digital Broadcast Rights for the World
The problem with rights organizations for the music being played took a lot of time to work out and overcome .
OnlineTV.com did not have the funding to pay royalties or hire the accounting firms needed to take on this task .
Instead Siegel came up with a genius idea – contract bands directly .
The idea was that the group was right there at the time of broadcast and recording , doing the live performance , and could sign the rights to the performance at the same time .
This allowed OnlineTV to broadcast , convert for storage , sync , change , compress , and do whatever it needed to broadcast the music and video to every nation in the world without having to deal with 100’s of rights organizations clamoring for fees which were just out of line with the number of viewers and income from the streams .
There 's equal reason to support or object to the proposed Google Books settlement .
Creating a digital catalog of the worlds ' words might be the Holy Grail of intellectual empowerment .
Yet building that library in the clouds would be allowed without the rights - holders ' consent – which the Justice Department and others contend is a complete and fundamental alteration of copyright law .
The Authors Guild is backing the settlement in hopes of creating a new and legitimate book - selling venue .
In a message to members Friday , it supported the development of a digital marketplace for the world 's words as a counter to digital piracy .
What 's more , the group noted it did n't want to be like the Recording Industry Association of America .
The labels ' lobbying and litigation arm has sued thousands of individuals and music - trading sites – lawsuits that have not dented the illegal , pirated - music marketplace .
" Our settlement negotiations went on with full knowledge of what happened to the music industry .
The RIAA won victory after victory , defeating Napster and Grokster with groundbreaking legal rulings .
The RIAA also went after countless individuals , chasing down infringement wherever they could track it down , " the guild said in a blog post Friday .
" It did n't work , " the guild added .
" The infringement just moved elsewhere , in unpredictable ways . "
The group said it was settling even though it did not believe that unauthorized scans of books amounted to fair use under copyright law , as Google maintains .
The guild said the outcome of litigation is never certain .
" One could fill a good - sized law school classroom with copyright professors who believe that Google 's scanning of your books is a fair use , " the group wrote .
Photo : babblingdweeb / Flickr
See Also :
Ezra Klein calls a racist a racist here :
I only know what comes out of the mouth of Rush Limbaugh .
And comparing an African American president 's health - care reform bill to reparations and the Civil Rights
Act in the same sentence ?
Well , that there 's some racism , or at least an attempt to play off racial anxieties .
Ezra Klein , WaPo
More commentary from Steve Benen giving Limbaugh the " most-racist - thing -a- major-American-media-personality - has - said - in - quite - a - while " award :
I 'm going to go on a limb here and describe this as about the most racist thing a major American media personality has said in quite a while .
This is about Limbaugh trying -- with no subtlety at all -- to stir up racial fears and anxiety in the hopes of blocking improvements to a dysfunctional health care system , which has repeatedly screwed over a fair amount of Limbaugh 's audience .
The racism is n't even restrained .
Limbaugh has trashed progressive efforts to improve America 's health care system for years , but notice he did n't start talking about " reparations " and comparing reform to a " civil rights bill " until the President of the United States was African American .
The nauseating message is about as subtle as a sledgehammer .
Political Animal by Steve Benen
That Rush is a racist is hardly news .
Indeed , his entire career has been built on racial hate and envy .
Even the conservative National Football League could not stomach him .
Remember last October ?
Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh on Thursday blamed the NFL players ' union among numerous others for blocking his attempt to secure partial ownership of the St. Louis Rams , even as the NFL disputed Limbaugh 's claim that his potential ownership was " vetted " by the league before controversy broke out over it
NY Daily News
No , it 's not news .
What it is is a sign of desperation .
They tried death panels , they tried they 're going to kill grandma , socialism , all sorts of things .
Now they are to the bottom of the barrel : Pure , unadulterated racism .
It shows we are very close to success .
With the President clearly entering the fray and endorsing reconciliation to fix the Senate Bill if the Republicans filibuster , with growing support for including the public option or a medicare buy - in , and with increasing Democratic Party unity , we are going to see health insurance reform this year !
I 've been including the following in my diaries the last week , and it is even more important now that we make the calls tomorrow .
We are close and we just need to push the bill over the finish line with popular pressure .
Please help make calls for healthcare on February 24 .
Our own nyceve and slinkerwink have mobilized an unprecedented coalition of the largest progressive organizations in the nation , including MoveOn , HCAN , DFA , Progressive Congress and SEIU -- with others expected to join imminently .
On February 24th , the day before the Presidential Healthcare Summit , we will deliver to Washington DC , a scream they will never , ever forget .
1,000,000 VOICES FOR HEALTHCARE REFORM : A VIRTUAL MARCH ON WASHINGTON
We 'll do this via calls , faxes , Tweets , Facebook , emails , telegrams , balloon drops and carrier pigeons .
Whatever .
It .
Takes .
snip
On the morning of Wednesday , February 24th , either slinkerwink or I [ nyceve ] will post a diary , which we will ask you to please keep alive and on the rec list all day and into the evening .
We 'll ask you to sign in on Daily Kos , once you do that , you 'll be seamlessly directed to MoveOn .
On the MoveOn 1,000,000 Voices Virtual March on Washington web site , which will go live early in the morning of February 24th , you 'll be able to use their incredible tools to contact Congress and the Senate and to take the action of your choice -- call , email , fax or write .
MoveOn , HCAN , SEIU join us for massive Feb.
24th 1,000,000 Voices for HCR mobilization
Disclosure :
The funds donated to the Progressive Congress Action Fund , a 501 ( c ) 4 non-profit organization headed by Darcy Burner , will be used to advocate on behalf of the progressive agenda , to advance progressive legislation , and may include payments to individuals engaged in fund raising .
Please make the calls .
We 're almost there .
It 's another way to take back America from scum like Limbaugh .
Update I : While there are talking points eve or slink or moveon will provide , you can say whatever you want tomrorow .
If you want to ask for the public option ( and / or a medicare buy - in ) , go for it , I 'm going to do that .
But if you want to say " pass the senate bill as it is , " go for it .
Your message is your own .
Just call and ask them to pass a bill .
Update II :
Detroit Mark has more in the comments :
Oh he did more than that .
( 2+ / 0 -) Recommended by : TomP , MsGrin
He went on and on about how Obama said " Axed " instead of " Asked " and exclaimed that Joe Biden was right , he CAN " turn his black dialect on and off whenever he wants . "
" This Space for Rent " by Detroit Mark on Tue Feb 23 , 2010 at 06:19:07 AM PST [ Reply to This | RecommendHide ]
It 's desperation .
As I said in a comment , they no longer are even taking their Klan robes off during the daytime .
They lost .
I said last year that the anger we see is a cry of rage as they feel their world end .
This is weakness , not strength , on the part of the racists , desparation on the part of the Republican Party , a Party full of cowards who refuse to condemn Limbaugh 's racism and racists who privately and sometimes publicly cheer it on .
Update III : A bonus for the lunch crowd : Heather Graham in MoveOn ad : the Public Option is Back !
Big Insurance has been feeling pretty smug , thinking they 'd killed the public option .
But it 's hard to keep down something that a majority of Americans want .
The public option IS BACK !
The new spot , a Web video that recasts the footage from the earlier spot with permission from Graham herself , shows reps from the insurance industry feeling smug about having killed the public option , only to be startled when she reappears .
More here : http://www.docudharma.com/...
Update IV : Please cheeck out slinkerwink 's diary :
Just ONE DAY LEFT To 1,000,000 Voices On Health Reform !
In first start at PG , Jackson lifts BC past UNC
Reggie Jackson , making his first start of the season at point guard Saturday , scored 13 of his 17 points in the second half to lift Boston College to a 71 - 67 win over struggling North Carolina .
Rotate the model by holding the LEFT click button and dragging with your mouse .
Zoom in and out by holding the RIGHT click button and dragging your mouse up and down .
Translate the model by holding both RIGHT and LEFT buttons and dragging your mouse .
All 3DCT models are not shown to scale .
Experiment your viewing experience by clicking the MENU button and turning various options on and off .
You need the 3DCT Plugin to see this model .
Download the plugin for Internet Explorer , Firefox , or Chrome .
If you are still having trouble seeing the model , download and install this fix .
Watch Virginia Delegate Bob Marshall claim at an anti-Planned Parenthood press conference that disabled children are God ’s punishment for abortion :
After his remarks set off a national controversy , Marshall tried to claim that he had somehow been misunderstood :
A story by Capital News Service regarding my remarks at a recent press conference opposing taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood conveyed the impression that I believe disabled children are a punishment for prior abortions .
No one who knows me or my record would imagine that I believe or intended to communicate such an offensive notion [ . ]
I regret any misimpression my poorly chosen words may have created [ . ]
But the video speaks for itself .
Marshall explicitly stated that he believes
God punishes women who have abortions by giving them disabled children .
And then he backed up his claim with what he evidently considered to be evidence ( and the gentleman to his left nodded in agreement ) .
Marshall is entitled to his offensive views , but he should not run from them .
It ’s worth noting that Marshall has a history of saying offensive things – or being “ misinterpreted . ”
He said this about abortion in the case of rape : “ [ T ] he woman becomes a sin-bearer of the crime , because the right of a child predominates over the embarrassment of the woman . ”
And he said this about contraception : “ [ W ]e have no business passing this garbage out and making these co-eds chemical Love Canals for these frat house playboys in Virginia . ”
Marshall was not the only one at last week ’s press conference to say something completely ridiculous and offensive , or as Marshall calls it – creating a “ misimpression . ”
Rev. Joe Ellison said he agrees with Pat Robertson ’s comments that Haitians brought the recent devastating earthquake on themselves by striking a deal with the Devil and practicing voodoo :
From a spiritual standpoint , we think the Dr. Robertson was on target about Haiti , in the past , with voodoo .
And we believe in the Bible that the practice of voodoo is a sin , and what caused the nation to suffer .
Those who read the Bible and study the history know that what Dr. Robertson said was the truth .
And let ’s remember .
These guys are n’t just some sideshow attraction in Virginia ’s state capital .
They hold sway with top Virginia Republicans , including Gov. Bob McDonnell , and are making gains in their war on the reproductive rights of Virginia women .
US Supreme Court : No Cameras in Gay Marriage Ban Trial
The United States Supreme Court has banned the use of camera during the highly anticipated federal court trial on the constitutionality of California ’s ban on same - sex marriage , Wednesday , January 13 .
The court ruled 5 - 4 , in the hopes of not turning the trial into a “ media circus ” and also , so that witnesses who testify will not be intimidated .
The 17 - page resolution said that the ban stays indefinitely pending any appeal .
The trial started Monday , January 11 , in US District Court in San Francisco .
It is being presided by Chief Judge Vaughn Walker .
Walker have previously agreed to allow video coverage and the US Supreme Court said that they will delay the broadcasting of those videos until they can make a decision .
The justices who were in favor of letting the cameras stay are : John Paul Stevens , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer and Sonia Sotomayor .
They believed that the nation ’s highest court should have stayed out of the issue and that access to public trials should be a public benefit .
The five who imposed the ban are Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Samuel Alito , Anthony Kennedy , Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas .
The outcome of the trial is highly monitored as it may also overturn similar bans in other states .
When Microsoft announced that there would be new content coming to Modern Warfare 2 — and the Xbox 360 would get it first — gamers had one of two reactions .
People with 360s were excited , while other gamers complained that Microsoft seemed to be yet again locking down content by writing large checks .
At CES we sat down with Microsoft's Aaron Greenberg , and asked about the business of getting exclusive content .
" I think about it like a sports team , when you sign a star athlete for your team ... when you sign that free agent , I think it makes your team better .
At the end of the day , we want to turn as many people as possible into Xbox 360 fans . "
Greenberg talks about Microsoft 's line - up of exclusive content this year as being incredibly strong .
" And then to say , on top of that , to take the biggest game of last year , and be the exclusive place you can get that downloadable content first , I think that 's a big deal .
That 's a big reason you 'd want to buy an Xbox 360 instead of another console .
So we think from a business standpoint that 's part of the reason more people are buying the Xbox 360 , more people are on Xbox Live , it 's part of the reason more people are buying Modern Warfare 2 — more than two to one our box vs. the PS3 . "
He points out the " bet " Microsoft put on Modern Warfare 2 , by putting out the custom console and showing it off at E3 , and says now Microsoft wants to follow up that trend by offering the content first .
Will any of this convince gamers that are angry that Microsoft is n't simply throwing money around ?
It 's doubtful .
The fact remains , however , that you 'll have to own a Microsoft console if you want to play the newest Modern Warfare 2 content first .
That 's a powerful selling point .
( CNN ) -- A Sunday church service in Richmond , California , erupted into chaos when three gunmen opened fire on congregants , injuring two teens , according to police .
Police headed to the New Gethsemane Church of God in Christ about 12:30 p.m. ( 3:30 p.m. ET ) , after three hooded men shot at churchgoers , Richmond police spokeswoman Bisa French told CNN .
" We 're not sure if those two victims were targeted , but someone definitely in that general area where the victims were , was targeted , " French said .
Police are unsure why the church , filled with more than 100 people , was attacked .
The male victims , ages 14 and 19 , are expected to make full recoveries , French said .
The assailants were described as being in their late teens or early 20s , French said .
On the East Bay , Richmond is north of Berkeley , California .
CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .
Epitaph 11 years ago by Bryne Yancey
This weekend , seminal Swedish hardcore pioneers Refused updated their website , which can be seen here .
The site reads little more than a cryptic Coming Soon .. and has led a few news outlets and dozens of twitter users to speculate -- and in some cases , outright assume -- that the band has reunited .
Others , like us , have been speculating about vinyl reissues of past albums or , as crazy as it sounds , a new website and nothing more .
Nothing official has been announced , but we 'll keep you posted .
The band last released The Shape of Punk to Come in 1998 and split up later that year .
Members went on to form
The ( International ) Noise Conspiracy , The Lost Patrol , Text and AC4 .
UPDATE : An anonymous source close to the situation has confirmed that Refused will indeed be reuniting .
Plans right now include live performances at some to - be - confirmed European summer festivals .
We 'll keep you updated as details come in .
As snowstorm - ravaged states on the U.S. East Coast dig out , scientists say the past week 's " Snowpocalypse " could be a taste of harsh winters to come — and that , strangely enough , global warming may be to blame .
Others are n't so sure .
Meteorologist Joe Bastardi says the recent snowstorms may be the start of a trend of cold , snowy winters similar to those of the 1960s and 1970s .
Bastardi , of the AccuWeather forecasting service in State College , Pennsylvania , believes the February record snowfalls , though , are due more to an El Niño that formed last year than to climate change .
An El Niño occurs when Pacific waters off the northwest coast of South America become unusually warm .
The event is erratic and unpredictable , but it occurs roughly every three to seven years .
In a prepared statement , Bastardi noted that the current El Niño has been " very strong , prompting many major blizzards for the mid-Atlantic region . "
The El Niño also is altering the normal flow of upper - level winds known as the jet stream , he said .
That disruption is pushing cold air from northern Canada into the United States , Bastardi added .
Global Warming Fueling Snowstorms ?
Cyclical patterns of heating and cooling — as opposed to long - term global warming — could herald a coming period of harsher U.S. winters , Bastardi told National Geographic News .
" We know that Earth 's cycles are changing , " he said .
" The Pacific is cooling .
The Atlantic will join it in several years .
When you get an El Niño with a cold Pacific , you get crazy winters in the East . "
Still , other scientists say global warming is the main culprit behind this month 's eastern - U.S. snowstorms — and it could cause more heavy snowfalls in future winters .
Attributing snowstorms to warmer weather seems contradictory , but climate scientist Amanda Staudt says relatively warmer weather causes more water to be evaporated from the oceans and thus creates more moisture for winter storms , as long as temperatures remain below freezing .
As for Snowpolaclypse , said Staudt of the National Wildlife Federation in Reston , Virginia , " It 's hard to determine global warming 's effect on any particular storm , but it 's highly unusual to have these really large winter storms in one winter . "
Washington , D.C. , for example , has had two two - to three - foot snowfalls this winter — which should be a once - every - 300 - to - 400 - years rarity , according to Staudt .
Waiting ... and Waiting ... for More Global Warming Evidence
Like AccuWeather 's Bastardi , Staudt believes the current El Niño is contributing to this winter 's harsh U.S. snowstorms , but to a lesser extent than climate change , which she sees as a clear and present danger .
" I think there 's overwhelming evidence that global warming is happening and that human activity is responsible for it , " Staudt said .
Regarding scientists who believe global warming is under way , Bastardi said , " I respect their argument ; they may have a point . "
But he thinks it 'll take many more winters — not to mention springs , summers , and falls — before we know for sure whether global warming is occurring .
The auction for IPL 2011 is going on .
This is going to be fresh auction with some teams retaining some of its previous players .
Here are som ...
Fathers to be offered more help
Being there at the birth can mean fathers stay more involved Fathers are to be offered more support in bringing up children , under new plans being set out by the government .
Ministers will say employers and health and children 's services in England all need to recognise the role fathers have in caring for children .
Fathers will be given more information before a child 's birth to encourage them to be responsible parents .
Grandparents are also to be given extra recognition , with an automatic right of contact with their grandchildren .
Children 's Secretary Ed Balls said : " By giving families and grandparents the right information and advice , they can remain in control over how and when to access help and support when they are under pressure and their relationships are suffering . "
' Custody battles '
The government 's Families and Relationship Green Paper sets out a wide range of measures to support all families .
The Conservatives are also expected to outline their policies on the family later on Wednesday .
Under the government 's plans , separating couples will be strongly encouraged to seek mediation rather than going to the family courts to settle problems .
This , it is hoped , will help avoid costly and damaging custody battles , often funded through legal aid by the taxpayer .
Statistics suggest many separating couples end up in a revolving door of court appearances , which can be both stressful and damaging .
Settling differences through mediation services could be quicker and far less stressful , ministers argue .
Research suggests fathers who are involved with the birth of a child are more likely to stay involved in the child 's first three years of life .
Caring for children is not a role just for mums
DCSF spokesman
And longer term involvement leads to children having higher self - esteem , educational achievement and fewer behavioural problems , research says .
Recent studies suggest more and more fathers are sharing and even taking over responsibility for childcare .
This is , in part , fuelled by the rise in the number of women returning to work after having children and also by men losing their jobs in the economic downturn .
The Family and Parenting Institute suggests that fathers will lead the changes to family structure to come , but many child and family services remain very focused on women .
Mr Balls and Andy Burnham will be hosting a summit later this week with health visitors , midwives , charities and new fathers to address how they can be helped to get more involved .
' Myth - busting guide ' A Department for Children , Schools and Families spokesman said : " Caring for children is not a role just for mums .
Health and children 's services and employers need to recognise this .
" By giving fathers more information before the birth of the child , we can encourage and support them to fulfil their responsibilities - especially if they are young and disadvantaged .
" Both parents are equally responsible for their child 's health , so dads need information too . "
A booklet for new fathers is being drawn up to give tailored advice and tips to fathers ahead of a new birth .
Written with the Fatherhood Institute , it will be a myth - busting guide about how fathers can be just as good hands - on carers as mothers .
It will also offer advice about legal issues like registering the birth , health issues for both parents , communicating with the baby and keeping him or her safe , providing financially and maintaining a good relationship with the mother .
A spokesman for Families Need Fathers said it had been lobbying to make proper mediation compulsory before attending court , and that it was encouraged that the government would now consult on this .
He also welcomed the fact that grandparents were now recognised as a vital part of a child 's life .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
30 + Inspiring Photos From Dreams of Flying
Advertisement
Jan von Hollen is popular German photographer and his work has been published in various books and magazines .
He covered a lot famous exhibitions in New York , Paris and London .
His Dreams of Flying photos are inspiring work .
‘ Dreams of Flying ’ is one of his photography works ; do check it out with 15 more pics after the jump .
Here are the 30 + Inspiring Photos From Jan Von Holleben
This story was updated to add detail and amended to correct imprecisions at 5:30 p.m. from an earlier version .
NBC has its way out of the Conan Crisis .
The network has agreed to pay O’Brien $ 30 million to vacate the 11:35 p.m. " Tonight Show , " individuals involved in the negotiations have told TheWrap .
The deal , which may still be in the process of finalization , could be announced as early as this weekend .
has to be formally signed , will be announced on Friday .
Individuals in O’Brien ’s camp declined to comment .
Update at 6:20 pm : O’Brien publicist Leslee Dart emailed " Nothing ( is ) signed yet .
Those figures are not accurate . "
But others described the negotations in detail .
According to knowledgeable individuals , the deal was brokered by Universal President Ron Meyer , who was brought in on Tuesday after talks had reached an impasse and both sides were threatening to bring lawsuits .
Meyer , a former agent , brought both sides together in an attempt to reach a resolution to the programming crisis , having been sought out by Ari Emanuel , at William Morris Endeavor .
Key terms to the agreement – including the $ 30 million payout — were worked out between Meyer and Rick Rosen , Conan ’s agent at WME , one knowledgeable individual said .
But many further details remained unresolved by Thursday .
NBCU President and CEO Jeff Zucker , NBCU Television Entertainment Chairman Jeff Gaspin and Co-Chairman NBC Entertainment and NBC Televison Studio Marc Graboff were involved in the final , all - night negotiations with O’Brien ’s representatives .
In his monologue on Friday , Conan sounded like he was out the door :
" Hi , I ’m Conan O’Brien — future answer to a $ 200 “ Jeopardy ” question .
" Welcome to tonight ’s show .
By the time you see this , I ’ll be halfway to Rio in a stolen NBC traffic copter . "
" In the press this week , NBC has been calling me every name in the book .
In fact , they think I ’m such an idiot they now want me to run the network . "
" According to the Nielsen Company our ratings are way , way up this week .
And that ’s nothing — wait till you see what we have planned for February . "
The deal came following a battle between the two camps over whether O’Brien ’s contract specifically guaranteed that " The Tonight Show " must air at 11:35 p.m .
As TheWrap previously reported , Team Conan was insisting that NBC has breached O’Brien ’s contract because , it argued , the deal had a timeslot guarantee .
NBC ’s response :
No , there is no such guarantee of a specific timeslot for " Tonight . "
So as long as we keep something called " The Tonight Show " on the air , there is no breach .
If NBC had been in breach , it would have owed Conan around $ 40 million ( and as much as $ 50 million , according to some reports ) , as a penalty .
People close to NBC insisted the network would not yield on this point — it would n’t admit it had breached O’Brien ’s deal .
One solution that had been on the table Friday , according to TheWrap ’s Josef Adalian : Agreeing to disagree over the timeslot issue and instead settling on a pay or play fee .
Under this proposal , the sooner O’Brien starts a new gig — if he starts one — the less money it would have to pay .
So if Conan managed to land a new job at Fox within a year , the Peacock might shell out less than the full $ 30 million .
It ’s unlear if that ’s how the two sides settled out .
As TheWrap first reported , NBC had also been looking to enforce some sort of non-compete period in which Conan could n’t work for anyone else , period .
The parties had been looking at a time as early as September or as late as next January for O’Brien to be free .
With talks entering the final stages , positioning over what led to this crisis started heating up .
Team NBC started the assault by putting sports czar Dick Ebersol on the phone with the New York Times , who tore into O’Brien in a Friday interview .
Then , Conan ’s camp made it clear Friday that it was " absolutely untrue " that O’Brien ’s deal did n’t have timeslot protection .
NBC responded by questioning the abilties of O’Brien ’s legal teams in the same sort of language Ebersol had used to slam O’Brien ’s hosting skills .
" All the chatter is just his reps covering up for their massive f— up , " an NBC insider said .
" Leno had timeslot protection in his deal , Letterman has it in his .
But Team Coco never negotiated for it . "
O’Brien ’s lawyer , Leigh Brecheen at Bloom Hergott , could be quite embarrassed if it turns out there was no timeslot guarantee .
But O’Brien ’s camp believes NBC was just trying to change the subject from its own massive mishandling of the late - night mess .
In any case , that ’s now all for historians to figure out .
The question now is :
What ’s next for O’Brien ?
Fox has expressed interest in the host , but must first determine whether it ’s worth the headaches that would come with having to get affiliates on board .
ALSO READ :
Anatomy of a Late - Night Meltdown
The Vilification of Jay Leno — Loud , Nasty and Fleeting
Team Conan Responds to Zucker , er , Ebersol
Conan Could Be Free to Jump by Fall
NBC Has n’t Done Anything Right by Leno Since 2004
Conversations with the Crow
The Final Conversations of Robert Trumbull Crowley - Former Deputy Director of Clandestine Operations for the CIA
Known as “ The Crow ” within the agency , Robert T. Crowley joined the CIA at its inception and spent his entire career in the Directorate of Plans , also know as the “ Department of Dirty Tricks ” .
Bob Crowley first contacted Gregory Douglas in 1993 when he found out that Douglas was about to publish his first book on Heinrich Mueller , the former head of the Gestapo who had become a secret , long - time asset to the CIA .
They began a series of long and often very informative telephone conversations that lasted for four years .
Douglas became so entranced with some of the material that Crowley began to share with him that he secretly began to record their conversations , later transcribing them word for word , planning to incorporate some , or all of the material in later publications .
While CIA drug running , money - launderings and brutal assassinations are very often strongly rumored and suspected , it has so far not been possible to actually pin them down but it is more than possible that the publication of the transcribed and detailed Crowley - Douglas conversations will do a great deal towards accomplishing this .
The current management of the CIA considers the revelations of these inner secrets of their agencies , especially following the recent Snowden releases , is not in their interest .
People may not be quite the humans they think they are .
Or so suggests new research showing that the human genome is part bornavirus .
Bornaviruses , a type of RNA virus that causes disease in horses and sheep , first inserted their genetic material into ancestral human DNA at least 40 million years ago , the study shows .
The findings , published January 7 in Nature , provide the first evidence that RNA viruses other than retroviruses ( such as HIV ) can stably integrate genes into host DNA .
The new work may help reveal more about the evolution of RNA viruses as well as their mammalian hosts .
" Our whole notion of ourselves as a species is slightly misconceived , " says Robert Gifford , a paleovirologist at the Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center , affiliated with Rockefeller University in New York City .
Human DNA includes genetic contributions from bacteria and other organisms , and humans have even come to rely on some of these genes for basic functions like fighting infections .
In the new study , Japanese researchers found copies of the bornavirus N ( for nucleoprotein ) gene inserted in at least four separate locations in the human genome .
Searches of other mammalian genomes also showed that the gene has hitched rides in a wide variety of species for millions of years .
" Clearly they provide a fossil record of bornavirus that was previously only available for retroviruses , " says John Coffin , a virologist at Tufts University School of Medicine in Boston who coauthored the study .
" It tells us that virus evolution does n't proceed the way many people have viewed it . "
Scientists have long had direct evidence of retroviruses ’ ancient origins : Molecular fossils of those viruses persist in the genomes of species infected long ago .
Other RNA “ viruses all look like they are relatively young , which does n’t make any sense , ” says Michael Emerman , a virologist at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle .
Estimations of viral ages are calculated from mutation rates .
RNA viruses ’ high mutation rates make it seem as if the viruses ’ molecular clocks are ticking faster than those of other viruses .
“ The high mutation rate does n’t allow us to see far into the past , ” Emerman says .
Many virologists suspected that RNA viruses were much older than molecular clock estimates suggested , “ but it ’s nice to see direct evidence , ” he says .
In the new study , researchers led by Keizo Tomonaga of Osaka University found that two human genes are similar to the bornavirus N gene .
These two genes , now called EBLN - 1 and EBLN - 2 for endogenous Borna - like N , are molecular fossils of an ancient bornavirus .
Retroviruses make up about 8 percent of the human genome .
When these viruses insert into the genome , the result is usually bad for the host .
But not always :
Some retrovirus proteins can help fight off infection with other retroviruses .
And at least twice in primate evolution retrovirus insertions have added genes to the host genome that aid in making the placenta .
Now those proteins are essential for placenta development , says Cédric Feschotte , an evolutionary geneticist at the University of Texas at Arlington .
It is not clear what role , if any , the EBLN - 1 and EBLN - 2 genes play in humans .
Other mammals , including chimpanzees , gorillas , orangutans , macaques , mouse lemur , African elephant , Cape hyrax and 13 - lined ground squirrels all carry N gene insertions in their genomes , Tomonaga and colleagues found .
The insertion in the ground squirrel genome was probably a relatively recent event , occurring not more than 10 million years ago , the researchers report .
But bornavirus insertion is n’t all ancient history .
In laboratory experiments , Tomonaga ’s team found that modern bornavirus can integrate into the DNA of human , monkey , rat and dog cells .
And mice with bornavirus infections were shown to have new insertions in brain cell DNA .
Modern bornaviruses are known to infect nerve cells , but the new study shows that the viruses are capable of infecting and inserting genes into many other types of cells .
For the inserted virus sequences to pass to the next generation , the ancient infection must have happened in tissues that give rise to eggs or sperm .
Scientists call these tissues the germ line .
“ The fact that these viruses were able to get into the germ line , which requires many chance events , implies that they may insert at some appreciable frequency , ” Gifford says .
Feschotte agrees .
“ That , to me , is a revelation , ” he says .
He speculates that bornavirus could be another source of human mutations , especially in neurons .
Some studies have linked infection with the virus to psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia .
Feschotte thinks modern bornaviruses may worm their way into human DNA in the neurons , creating mutations in genes that could lead to schizophrenia .
Tomonaga says the schizophrenia link is “ not likely . ”
Because bornavirus genes insert randomly in the genome , “ it is not conceivable that mutations [ caused ] by the integration lead to the specific brain disorders , such as schizophrenia , ” he says .
Images : 1 ) Bornavirus Model . Wikimedia Commons / M.Eickmann .
2 ) Bornavirus in horse tissue / CDC .
See Also :
An image drawn in 1915 by naturalist William Beebe suggests a hypothetical view of what early birds may have looked like , gliding down from trees - and it bears a striking similarity to a fossil discovered in 2003 that is raising new doubts about whether birds descended from ground - dwelling theropod dinosaurs .
Photo courtesy of Oregon State University
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A new study just published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences provides yet more evidence that birds did not descend from ground - dwelling theropod dinosaurs , experts say , and continues to challenge decades of accepted theories about the evolution of flight .
A new analysis was done of an unusual fossil specimen discovered in 2003 called " microraptor , " in which three - dimensional models were used to study its possible flight potential , and it concluded this small , feathered species must have been a " glider " that came down from trees .
The research is well done and consistent with a string of studies in recent years that pose increasing challenge to the birds - from - dinosaurs theory , said John Ruben , a professor of zoology at Oregon State University who authored a commentary in PNAS on the new research .
The weight of the evidence is now suggesting that not only did birds not descend from dinosaurs , Ruben said , but that some species now believed to be dinosaurs may have descended from birds .
" We 're finally breaking out of the conventional wisdom of the last 20 years , which insisted that birds evolved from dinosaurs and that the debate is all over and done with , " Ruben said .
" This issue is n't resolved at all .
There are just too many inconsistencies with the idea that birds had dinosaur ancestors , and this newest study adds to that . "
Almost 20 years of research at OSU on the morphology of birds and dinosaurs , along with other studies and the newest PNAS research , Ruben said , are actually much more consistent with a different premise - that birds may have had an ancient common ancestor with dinosaurs , but they evolved separately on their own path , and after millions of years of separate evolution birds also gave rise to the raptors .
Small animals such as velociraptor that have generally been thought to be dinosaurs are more likely flightless birds , he said .
" Raptors look quite a bit like dinosaurs but they have much more in common with birds than they do with other theropod dinosaurs such as Tyrannosaurus , " Ruben said .
" We think the evidence is finally showing that these animals which are usually considered dinosaurs were actually descended from birds , not the other way around . "
Another study last year from Florida State University raised similar doubts , Ruben said .
In the newest PNAS study , scientists examined a remarkable fossil specimen that had feathers on all four limbs , somewhat resembling a bi-plane .
Glide tests based on its structure concluded it would not have been practical for it to have flown from the ground up , but it could have glided from the trees down , somewhat like a modern - day flying squirrel .
Many researchers have long believed that gliders such as this were the ancestors of modern birds .
" This model was not consistent with successful flight from the ground up , and that makes it pretty difficult to make a case for a ground - dwelling theropod dinosaur to have developed wings and flown away , " Ruben said .
" On the other hand , it would have been quite possible for birds to have evolved and then , at some point , have various species lose their flight capabilities and become ground - dwelling , flightless animals - the raptors .
This may be hugely upsetting to a lot of people , but it makes perfect sense . "
In their own research , including one study just last year in the Journal of Morphology , OSU scientists found that the position of the thigh bone and muscles in birds is critical to their ability to have adequate lung capacity for sustained long - distance flight , a fundamental aspect of bird biology .
Theropod dinosaurs did not share this feature .
Other morphological features have also been identified that are inconsistent with a bird - from - dinosaur theory .
And perhaps most significant , birds were already found in the fossil record before the elaboration of the dinosaurs they supposedly descended from .
That would be consistent with raptors descending from birds , Ruben said , but not the reverse .
OSU research on avian biology and physiology has been raising questions on this issue since the 1990s , often in isolation .
More scientists and other studies are now challenging the same premise , Ruben said .
The old theories were popular , had public appeal and " many people saw what they wanted to see " instead of carefully interpreting the data , he said .
" Pesky new fossils ... sharply at odds with conventional wisdom never seem to cease popping up , " Ruben wrote in his PNAS commentary .
" Given the vagaries of the fossil record , current notions of near resolution of many of the most basic questions about long - extinct forms should probably be regarded with caution . "
Explore further Discovery raises new doubts about dinosaur - bird links
ESA 's Herschel Space Observatory has revealed the chemical fingerprints of potential life - enabling organic molecules in the Orion Nebula , a nearby stellar nursery in our Milky Way galaxy .
This detailed spectrum -- obtained with the Heterodyne Instrument for the Far Infrared ( HIFI ) , one of Herschel 's three innovative instruments -- demonstrates the gold mine of information that Herschel - HIFI will provide on how organic molecules form in space .
Several German Institutes contributed essential parts to the HIFI instrument : the Universität zu Kölkn and the Max - Planck - Institute für Radioastronmie , Bonn , und für Sonnensystemforschung , Lindau .
Striking features in the HIFI spectrum include a rich , dense pattern of " spikes , " each representing the emission of light from a specific molecule in the Orion Nebula .
This nebula is known to be one of the most prolific chemical factories in space , although the full extent of its chemistry and the pathways for molecule formation are not well understood .
By sifting through the pattern of spikes in this spectrum , astronomers have identified a few common molecules that appear everywhere in the spectrum .
The identification of the many other emission lines is currently ongoing .
By clearly identifying the lines associated with the more common molecules , astronomers can then begin to tease out the signature of particularly interesting molecules that are the direct precursors to life - enabling molecules .
A characteristic feature of the Orion spectrum is the spectral richness : among the molecules that can be identified in this spectrum are water , carbon monoxide , formaldehyde , methanol , dimethyl ether , hydrogen cyanide , sulphur oxide , sulphur dioxide and their isotope analogues .
It is expected that new organic molecules will also be identified .
" This HIFI spectrum , and the many more to come , will provide a virtual treasure trove of information regarding the overall chemical inventory and on how organics form in a region of active star formation .
It harbours the promise of a deep understanding of the chemistry of space once we have the full spectral surveys available , " said Edwin Bergin of the University of Michigan , principal investigator of the HEXOS Key Programme on Herschel .
Unprecedented high resolution
HIFI was designed to provide extremely high - resolution spectra and to open new wavelength ranges for investigation , which are inaccessible to ground - based telescopes .
" It is astonishing to see how well HIFI works , " said Frank Helmich , HIFI principal investigator of SRON Netherlands Institute for Space Research .
" We obtained this spectrum in a few hours and it already beats any other spectrum , at any other wavelength , ever taken of Orion .
Organics are everywhere in this spectrum , even at the lowest levels , which hints at the fidelity of HIFI .
The development of HIFI took eight years but it was really worth waiting for . "
Identification of the many spectral features visible in the Orion spectrum with transitions of particular molecular species requires sophisticated tools such as the Colgone Database of Molecular Spectroscopy ( CDMS ) , which collect the laboratory data of several hundred moelcular species and precise line predictions .
" The high spectral resolution of HIFI shows the breath - taking rechness of molecular species , which are present , despite of the hostile environment , in the stellar nurseries and sites for planet formation , " says Jürgen Stutzki , HIFI - co-principle investigator at the Universität zu Köln .
ESA project Herschel
Herschel is one of ESAs cornerstone missions , a space observatory with science instruments provided by European - led Principal Investigator consortia , with important contributions from NASA on the US side .
One of the three instruments on board Herschel is HIFI , the Heterodyne Instrument for the Far - Infrared , an ultra-sensitive , high resolution spectrometer designed and built by a nationally - funded consortium led by SRON Netherlands Institute for Space Research .
The consortium includes partners from 25 institutes and 13 different nations .
German institutes have provided key components for HIFI : the local oscillator , built at the MPI für Radioastronomie , Bonn , superconducting detectors with sensitivity close to the fundamental quantum limit , built at the Universität zu Köln .
HIFI carries the classical radio frequency technique of heterodyne - mixing into a for orders of magnitude higher fequency regime , namely the Far - Infrared spectral range .
A further essential component , the Acousto Optical Spectrometer ( AOS ) , was developed in collaboration between the Universität zu Köln and the Max Planck Institut für Sonnensystemforschung , Lindau .
Iran 's telecommunications agency announced what it described as a permanent suspension of Google Inc. 's email services , saying a national email service for Iranian citizens would soon be rolled out .
It was n't clear late Wednesday what effect the order had on Gmail services in Iran , or even if Iran had implemented its new policy .
Iranian officials have claimed technological advances in the past that they have n't been able to execute .
A Google spokesman said in a statement , " We have heard from users in Iran that they are having trouble accessing Gmail .
We can confirm a sharp drop in traffic , and we have looked at our own networks and found that they are working properly .
Whenever we encounter blocks in our services we try to resolve them as quickly as possibly because we strongly believe that people everywhere should have the ability to communicate freely online . "
An Iranian official said the move was meant to boost local development of Internet technology and to build trust between people and the government .
The measure was announced on the eve of the culmination of celebrations to mark the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Republic .
Competing plans for pro-government and antigovernment demonstrations have set the stage for clashes between authorities and opposition protesters , who have taken to the streets repeatedly since contested presidential elections in June .
Today 's wind turbine blades , which can measure more than 60 metres in length , are subjected to enormous loads , which means that a blade can flex as much as 4 - 6 metres during strong gusts .
However , the blades are also so long that there can be considerable differences in the loading from the gusts along the blade .
In wind farms , surrounding wind turbines also exert considerable influence and generate turbulence , which has a more localised effect .
" It is these local influences which we hope our design will help mitigate .
However , in addition to our rubber trailing edge , it also calls for effective sensors and control systems which can tell the system to regulate the flaps according to the local wind conditions along the blade .
Right now we are looking at different types of sensors and a trailing edge made of plastic instead of rubber , " explains Research Specialist Helge Aagaard Madsen .
In December 2009 , the rubber trailing edge was tested in the open jet wind tunnel at the company Velux in Denmark .
The test marked the end of a development process which was initiated in 2006 .
It started with a GAP funding project which ran from 2007 to 2008 and confirmed the operating principle .
This was followed by the current project in 2009 , supported by Region Zealand , where the rubber trailing edge was tested in the wind tunnel .
Along the way , many different prototypes have been developed and manufactured at the Fibre Laboratory at the Materials Research Division at Risø DTU , which also has been part of this development process .
" The operational principle which we have arrived at is very simple and robust , and we also believe that the manufacturing process will be so .
The wind tunnel test showed , among other things , that the outward curve of the flap does not change markedly when subjected to wind loads similar to those on a real turbine blade .
In addition , we measured the correlation between the deflection of the flap and the change in lift on the blade section .
This produced figures which we can enter into our calculation models and then realistically simulate how the flap will reduce the loads on the turbine , " says Helge Aagaard Madsen .
" A further bonus of our design is that the moulded rubber trailing edge gives us a sharp edge which produces less noise and greater output .
As most blades today are manufactured in two halves and afterwards joined together , the trailing edge will always have a certain thickness .
The trailing edge is then ground to make it thinner , but with our design , the blade automatically gets a completely sharp edge . "
Up to a moderate gale
The test facilities at Velux have been used in the past to test wind turbine blade profiles , so it was obvious that the design should be tested here .
In the wind tunnel it is possible , among other things , to regulate the wind speed , and the blade profile can be turned to simulate a change in wind direction in relation to the profile .
The test set - up consisted of a two - metre- long blade section with a total chord of one metre and a 15 cm rubber flap covering the entire span .
The blade incorporated a pneumatic system for controlling the flexible silicone material which the trailing edge is made of .
Finally , two sensors were attached to the front of the blade which measured wind direction and speed .
" So far there has been focus on demonstrating and testing the operating principle , but now where we can see that it is a robust and reliable model , which can withstand the strong wind loading , we can start to focus more on optimising the design and working towards a full - scale version , " says Helge Aagaard Madsen , adding that one of their concerns was whether strong gusts of wind would counteract the deflection of the rubber trailing edge , which the compressed air caused .
But fortunately it was not the case .
The force which the blade is exposed to is based on measurements of the surface pressure across the blade section .
The difference in the force on the upper side and lower side of the blade clearly indicates how the movements of the rubber trailing edge can regulate this force and thereby compensate for the fluctuating forces to which a blade is otherwise subjected because of wind gusts .
" Among other things , we investigated how quickly the rubber trailing edge could regulate , and we tested the flaps to a frequency above 2 Hz .
Today , pitch is regulated by turning the entire blade around a bearing at the hub , but this has limitations due to the blade weight of several tons but also because a distributed , variable regulation along the blade is not possible .
Consequently , we believe that the control with flaps can supplement the slower pitch regulation really well , " explains Peter Bjørn Andersen .
A step on the way to full - scale
Now that the operating principle has been thoroughly tested , the next step in the project is to develop the technology towards a stage where the rubber trailing edge flap is ready for testing in a full - scale prototype model .
The researchers will work on optimising the design so the deflection will be as big as possible for a given pressure in the voids within the trailing edge .
Durability is another important issue , as is developing systems for supplying compressed air or hydraulic power .
" We are in contact with a number of companies who are interested in working with us on these issues , and it is vital for the further development of the technology that we involve industry as this is where the systems will be manufactured at the end of the day .
The plan is thus to launch a new development project which involves close corporation between on one side the research groups at Risoe DTU in the Wind Energy Division and in the Materials Research Division and on the other side these companies in order to bring the rubber trailing edge flap technology to a stage where it is ready for testing on a full - scale wind turbine , " concludes Helge Aagaard Madsen .
###
Here 's something fun for the weekend : A monster truck doing a back - flip .
According to Autoblog , it 's a first for the sport .
Like we really need a reason to run video of a monster truck doing a back - flip ?
Whatever .
It 's the weekend , it 's getting warmer in the north , and hey , now that spring is right around the corner , it 's time to relax and cut loose a little .
Even if that means watching big trucks do flips .
Especially if that means watching big trucks do flips .
Enjoy :
[ Source : YouTube via Autoblog ]
Blackcats - Games
Blackcats - games ( or BCG ) is probably the best tracker for games on the net .
They are indexing over 1200 torrents and their speeds are excellent .
BCG is friendly to users with low upload speed aswell , thanks to their really clever & good seed bonus sytem it is ( as long as you keep seeding ) almost impossible to get disabled because of low ratio .
Quick Info :
Irc : [ S : irc.blackcats-games.net | C : #blackcats [ Password ] # Waitingroom ( for non members )
General Rules :
Breaking these rules will get you banned !
Do not defy the Moderators expressed wishes !
If you encounter problems with a Moderator or are unsatisfied with a warning ,
you may address it in #complaints of our IRC network or Staffbox .
But make sure you have a good reason to challenge the warning , otherwise the warning can be increased .
If you encounter problems with a Moderator or are unsatisfied with a warning , you may address it in #complaints of our IRC network or Staffbox .
But make sure you have a good reason to challenge the warning , otherwise the warning can be increased .
Staff decisions are final .
No correspondence will be entered into nor will there be any " special " treatment given to any member ,
regardless of user level , membership , or tracker stats .
If you break the Rules , you will be warned or in a worst case scenario , Banned .
.
No correspondence will be entered into nor will there be any " special " treatment given to any member , regardless of user level , membership , or tracker stats .
If you break the Rules , you will be warned or in a worst case scenario , Banned .
Disruptive behaviour in the forums , PMs or on the IRC channel will result in a warning ( ) .
PMs or on the IRC channel will result in a warning ( ) .
No language other than English is to be used on the site , forum and IRC .
is to be used on the site , forum and IRC .
Be patient with newcomers .
After your first warning we will consider whether to ban you or not based on how critical the warning has been .
we will consider whether to ban you or not based on how critical the warning has been .
Only 1 account per user .
Trading accounts or referrals is strictly forbidden as well as sharing or giving away your account !
The corresponding accounts will be disabled .
as well as sharing or giving away your account !
The corresponding accounts will be disabled .
Do NOT try to cheat .
We will catch you sooner or later and do n't give second chances .
We also share this info with other private trackers .
.
We will catch you sooner or later and do n't give second chances .
We also share this info with other private trackers .
Asking for or Trading of invites is not allowed anywhere on the site .
We respect the wishes of other sites here , as we wish for them to do the same .
Please refrain from posting full names of sites that want not to be mentioned here .
, as we wish for them to do the same .
Please refrain from posting full names of sites that want not to be mentioned here .
Do n't post links to any other torrent trackers on the site , in the forums or on IRC .
on the site , in the forums or on IRC .
The use of proxy sites is not allowed .
If you encounter anything that is against the rules , ie .
torrent comment , forum post , bad request , bad upload , use the report button .
Fake Login Page :
Categories :
If you do n't find what you 're looking for here you probably wo n't find it on the net at all .
Browse Section :
Quick look at the browse section , speeds are good , your requests gets filled and they allow users to upload .
Shoutbox & Arcade :
Shoutbox in the forum section , good feature for those who do n't like Irc .
189 arcade games are currently in their list .
Forum :
Huge forum and good amount of activity , ~ 80 users in the forum at the time of this post .
( For full coverage , click on [ nHAITI ] )
* Judge hears testimony from five detained missionaries
* American Baptists accused of child trafficking ( Adds quotes from relatives of detained missionaries )
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Five of the 10 American Baptist missionaries accused of illegally trying to take children out of earthquake - shattered Haiti left their jail cells temporarily to plead their case to a judge on Tuesday .
The missionaries were arrested on Friday trying to cross into the Dominican Republic from Haiti with a busload of 33 children they said were orphaned by the Jan. 12 quake .
They denied charges they were engaged in child trafficking , insisting they were trying to help vulnerable orphans .
Haitian police have said some of the children have living parents .
The case could be diplomatically sensitive at a time when the United States is spearheading a huge relief effort to help hundreds of thousands of Haitian quake victims , and as U.S. aid groups pour millions of dollars of donations into Haiti .
The five missionaries were questioned behind closed doors at Haiti 's judicial police headquarters in Port - au - Prince , where they are being held behind bars .
They were escorted from their cells by uniformed Haitian National Police officers to a separate room where the judge awaited along with a clerk and a translator .
" I heard five of them .
Then I will hear the other five tomorrow , " Judge Ezaie Pierre - Louis said .
" After the hearing tomorrow , I will make a report to the prosecutor , then he will decide what he does next . "
Communications Minister Marie - Laurence Lassegue said the missionaries did not have lawyers present .
One of the missionaries , a woman , was returned to the police building on Tuesday after being treated at a hospital for hypertension .
Before the hearing , prosecutor Mazarre Fortil said authorities were in the preliminary stages of the investigation .
" I am here to hear the Americans , to know more about the case , about what were their intentions , " he said .
" We are looking deeper into what happened to determine the next steps . "
SOME PARENTS GAVE UP CHILDREN
Haitian authorities have repeatedly expressed concerns that child traffickers could prey on children in the chaos that followed the earthquake that killed up to 200,000 people .
Government officials said the detained Americans had no paperwork proving the children were orphans or giving them permission to take them out of the country .
Prime Minister Jean - Max Bellerive called the arrested Americans " kidnappers " but later acknowledged the possibility they were misguided and acted in good faith .
Interviewed on CNN's " Larry King Live , " Samantha Lankford , the daughter and sister of two detained Americans , said , " I know their heart was to help these people and it very much hurts me that they are being accused of this . "
Lisa Allen , whose husband is among the detained , said : " I think it 's a big misunderstanding that 's kind of been blown out of proportion .
Their intentions were to go there and help the kids that were in need . "
Haitian police say the parents of several minors intercepted with the Americans have said they agreed to give up their children in the hope they would receive an education and a better life .
" I put them on the bus with my own hands , " Lely Laurentus told CNN , describing how he handed over two young daughters to the missionary group .
CNN said 21 of the 33 children came from families in a small mountain village outside Port - au - Prince .
U.N. human rights experts warned on Tuesday that children were at increased risk of being abducted , enslaved , sold or trafficked due to increased insecurity in quake - hit Haiti , the poorest country in the Americas .
In Geneva on Tuesday , the top U.N. relief official said the aid operation in Haiti had been complicated and slow , but was making significant progress , especially in getting food to survivors .
[ ID: nLDE6111B5 ]
Finding shelter for the 1 million homeless was now the main priority , said John Holmes .
He added the situation in badly damaged Port - au - Prince was mostly calm , apart from " isolated incidents of looting or attacks on convoys of food . "
" This is a potentially volatile environment and we have to make sure it does n't degenerate from fights over food into more serious civil unrest , " he said .
( Additional reporting by Pascal Fletcher in Miami , and Stephanie Nebehay in Geneva ; Writing by Jim Loney ; Editing by Peter Cooney )
FINALLY : The Difference between Geek , Nerd , and Dork Explained by a Venn Diagram
It ’s certainly one of life ’s two - part burning questions :
What ’s the difference between a geek , nerd , dork , and dweeb ? *
And –for the love of Pete–is there an elegantly clear and simple Venn diagram that can explain that difference ?
( Haha , just kidding … no one says “ dweeb ” unless they ’re starring in a stage production of Grease or they ’re a linguist with a unruly fixation on baby boomer slang . )
Keen to dive deeper into the differences between nerds , geeks , and dorks ?
I recommend checking out The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth , in which the author uses social experiments to explain the science and psychology behind popularity , outcast - hood , and the things that make us stand out later in life .
So good .
It ’s a GoodReads “ Best Nonfiction Book of the Year ” !
To all of you nerds and geeks who–like me–have been unfairly and inaccurately labeled “ dorks , ” only to then exhaustively explain the differences among the three to a more - than - skeptical offender , I say :
You ’re welcome .
This handy geek / nerd / dork / dweeb Venn diagram should save you a lot of time and frustration in the future .
To those of you who have been called “ dweebs , ” I say :
Stop hanging out with people from the 1950s .
Via Matthew at Sed Contra , who will see you at the intersection of Blogging and Things that Have Latin Names .
I took a deep , cleansing yoga breath and watched some panel of puny pontificators , who have never stepped in front of a class of 36 hormonally - challenged 7th grade unconscientious objectors to homework , sanctimoniously agree amongst themselves that the only problem with schools these days is : Bad Teachers .
Good Teachers have no problems .
So .
When there were problems , it must because of : Bad Teachers .
I took another yoga breath , threw a pillow at the TV and screamed my best ten potty words .
Namaste .
Schools are the current topic of conversation because it ’s time to reauthorize the 1965 Elementary and Secondary Education Act , which provides modest federal education funding for children disadvantaged by poverty , discrimination , disability and language barriers .
A Good Thing .
When last reauthorized , it was rebaptized “ No Child Left Behind . ”
Not a Good
Thing for many reasons , the least of which is that it mandates what competent researchers have found to be Highly Stupid Tests .
No Child Left Behind demanded simplicity .
All 666 regulation - packed pages of it .
It simply demands states set some cut score on some standardized test , declare that that score measures something they must call “ proficiency ” without any pesky evidence that it means any such thing , then name , blame and shame a school that does n’t meet its quota of children hitting the cut score , labeling the entire school as failing “ Adequate Yearly Progress ” , again inventing a term that sounds extremely scientific , objective and quantifiable but which , in fact , means Diddily Poop .
( “ Diddily Poop ” , coincidentally , being a term which has precisely the same scientific , objective and quantifiable research base as the term “ Adequate Yearly Progress ” . )
There is a lucrative science that undergirds No Child Left known in academic circles as : Making Things Up .
It makes up that a standardized test is actually designed to measure “ proficiency ” or whether a school is actually failing or succeeding in making “ adequate progress ” .
America ’s most dedicated educators have been praying mightily for an end to the hell of false labels and the testing tail wagging the dog - and - pony show that now passes as teaching and learning in schools where administrators are forced to bundle toxic testing strategies worthy of Lehman Brothers in their efforts to be accountable –not to the kids , but to hitting their numbers .
Good Teachers know the difference .
We have continued to teach in spite of No Child Left .
I am a good teacher .
I designed challenging lessons and because kids learn in different ways , they would sing and smell and taste the lesson .
I stayed after school with them .
I gave them essay tests and spelling tests and science projects and book reports .
I called parents when there was a problem , but more often when their child had done something amazing .
We hugged and laughed and I listened to them because what they had to say was important , whether it was important to a cut score .
Or. Not .
I ’m good .
So I ’m mad .
Now that it ’s time to fix the current abuse of using a child ’s standardized test to label an entire school , there ’s a move to use a cut score to label an individual teacher .
To do this , of course , they have to Make Stuff Up since there is no pyschometrician , analyst or sober test manufacturer who has ever found evidence that a child ’s test is a valid assessment of a teacher .
In my class , one student might get an A and another might get an F .
Does that make me a C teacher ?
Well , good teacher evaluation is complicated .
Best keep it simple and Make Stuff Up :
Start by using words that sound swell , even though there is no science to defend their use .
How about “ Effective ” teachers ?
Pitch : Effective Teachers ’ kids have high test scores .
Ineffective Teachers ’ kids have low test scores .
Simple to know who gets the prize .
And who gets fired .
Pundits can phone this one in .
Simplicity passed last time on a bipartisan vote .
But not this time .
It ’s the best teachers who will rebel against more Making Stuff Up .
Because there are problems .
Because the old ways are n’t working for all kids .
Because we can be better .
But only if we stop Making Stuff Up .
We need real data–not to label , but to analyze .
We need to study how some schools in the most dangerous , poverty stricken neighborhoods turned their students lives towards something better .
( Hint : They did n’t pay for test scores , privatize or fire the staff . )
To ratchet up the misuse of tests gets in the way of what might really help our students .
Good teachers , are not going to let that happen .
Not again .
Share Article : Pinterest email
Planet Earth
From complex weather systems to the great outdoors and how to conserve it , Planet Earth is the home we share with all living creatures .
India puts on hold first GM food crop on safety grounds
The cultivation of the BT brinjal aubergine variety has divided opinion India has deferred the commercial cultivation of what would have been its first genetically modified ( GM ) vegetable crop due to safety concerns .
Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh said more studies were needed to ensure genetically modified aubergines were safe for consumers and the environment .
The GM vegetable has undergone field trials since 2008 and received approval from government scientists in 2009 .
But there has been a heated public row over the cultivation of the GM crop .
The BBC's Geeta Pandey , who was at the news conference in Delhi , says Mr Ramesh 's decision has put any cultivation of GM vegetables in India on hold indefinitely .
' Difficult decision ' " Public sentiment is negative .
It is my duty to adopt a cautious , precautionary , principle - based approach , " Mr Ramesh said .
The decision is responsible to science and responsive to society
Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh
India in battle over GM aubergine
He said the moratorium on growing BT brinjal - as the variety of aubergine is known in India - would remain in place until tests were carried out " to the satisfaction of both the public and professionals " .
The minister said " independent scientific studies " were needed to establish " the safety of the product from the point of view of its long - term impact on human health and environment " .
Mr Ramesh said it was " a difficult decision to make " since he had to " balance science and society " .
" The decision is responsible to science and responsive to society , " he said .
India is the largest producer of aubergines in the world and grows more than 4,000 varieties .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Another discouraging factor is the high pricing of GM foods Aziz Merchant , Mumbai , India Indian seed company Mahyco - partner of US multinational corporation Monsanto - which has developed BT brinjal , says the GM vegetable is more resistant to natural pests .
But anti-GM groups say there are serious health concerns and they allege that consumption of GM crops can even cause cancer .
The government - controlled Genetic Engineering Approval Committee ( GEAC ) approved BT brinjal for commercial cultivation in October 2009 .
Following an uproar from farmers and anti-GM activists , the environment minister held a series of national consultation meetings across India .
Several of the aubergine - growing Indian states have already said they were opposed to BT brinjal .
India allowed the use of genetically modified seeds for cotton in 2002 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
KABUL ( Reuters ) - Pakistan has agreed to hand over to Afghanistan captured Afghan Taliban number two , Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , and other militants , the president ’s office said on Thursday .
A policeman stands guard at a road which has been blockaded with a container due to increased security measures in Karachi February 17 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Akhtar Soomro
Pakistan had no immediate comment on the Afghan government ’s statement on Thursday , but late on Wednesday said Mullah Baradar was being investigated for crimes in Pakistan and would be tried there in the first instance .
Three senior Taliban officials were captured in Pakistan this month , including Mullah Baradar .
His capture has been viewed as an intelligence coup and a sign of greater Pakistani cooperation in fighting Afghan militants .
“ The government of Pakistan has accepted Afghanistan ’s proposal for extraditing Mullah Baradar and other Taliban who are in its custody and showed readiness to hand over those prisoners ... on the basis of an agreement between the two countries , ” a statement from President Hamid Karzai ’s office said .
Among the others captured were Mawlavi Abdul Kabir , Taliban military commander for eastern Afghanistan on the Pakistani border , and the shadow governors for Kunduz and Baghlan provinces in northern Afghanistan , Karzai spokesman Siamak Herawi said .
The prisoners “ are accused of criminal acts , ” it said .
Pakistan ’s Interior Ministry in a statement late on Wednesday had said Mullah Baradar was being investigated for crimes he may have committed in Pakistan , including illegal entry into the country .
“ The request of Afghan authorities will be examined according to the law and if Mullah Baradar has committed any crime inside Pakistan , he will be first tried in Pakistan , ” the ministry said .
REACHING OUT TO TALIBAN
Some analysts say Mullah Baradar could help reconciliation between the Taliban and Karzai’s U.S. - backed government , if he so desires , despite his background as a fierce military commander and advocate of suicide bombings .
The Afghan announcement comes as Karzai reaches out to Taliban foot soldiers with offers of jobs , money and land in the hope they will lay down their weapons and accept his government ’s authority .
The Taliban , who have made a steady comeback since being ousted by U.S. - backed Afghan forces in late 2001 , are under pressure in Afghanistan and increasingly so in Pakistan .
NATO is pushing ahead with one of its largest assaults in Afghanistan since the start of the war , aimed at driving the Taliban from their last big stronghold in the country ’s most violent province to make way for Afghan authorities to take over .
Also on Thursday , Afghan authorities raised the Afghan flag over Marjah , the town at the center of the offensive , to signify the handover of control to the government from NATO troops led by the U.S. Marines .
“ I think the transfer of the government center is symbolic of where we are in this operation .
We are transitioning from the clearing phase into the holding phase , ” Geoff Morrell , Pentagon press secretary , told reporters in Washington .
“ It looks as though much of Marjah is now under Afghan and coalition control . ”
Nonetheless , a NATO spokesman said completely removing the Taliban from the area could take days or even weeks .
“ As more Afghan troops , as more intelligence , as more surveillance , as more alternatives and services come up ... it is more and more difficult for the insurgents to come back , ” NATO spokesman Eric Tremblay told reporters .
Image of Mst3shades - Thingiverse
This image is attached to the Mst3 shades thing .
Bigger Sizes
Thumbnails
large
medium
small
tiny
Previews
featured
card
large
medium
small
birdwing
tiny
tinycard
Washington ( CNN ) --
The last surviving U.S. veteran of World War I , former Cpl. Frank Buckles , turns 109 on Monday and is still hoping for a national memorial in Washington for his comrades .
Buckles is expected to deliver remarks during a quiet celebration Monday afternoon at his home in Charles Town , West Virginia .
But the old " Doughboy " -- as World War I American infantry troops were called -- has already been outspoken in recent years , urging congressional lawmakers to give federal recognition and a facelift to a run-down District of Columbia memorial in an overgrown , wooded area along the National Mall .
In December , at 108 , Buckles testified on Capitol Hill as lawmakers considered whether to fund renovation and give the site " national " monument status .
But rival legislation seeks the " national " designation for a 1920s - era memorial located in Kansas City , Missouri .
Congress has not yet decided on the legislation .
In 2008 , the old soldier came to Washington and visited that 1930s - vintage District memorial .
In his wheelchair , helped along by a military aide , he slowly crossed the cracks in the flagstone walkway , and saw the cracks in the marble gazebo .
Still sharp at only 107 , he noted during that visit that the names engraved along the gazebo's marble walls are only of those who hailed from District of Columbia .
Share your salute to troops
Buckles that day also met with then - President George W. Bush at the White House and Defense Secretary Robert Gates at the Pentagon .
Later in 2008 , Buckles was the guest of honor at Veterans Day ceremonies at Arlington National Cemetery .
He said he considers it his duty to represent his fellow soldiers .
" I have to , " he told CNN , " because I 'm the last living member of Americans , " who fought in what was called The Great War .
As a soldier in the U.S. Army , Buckles was an ambulance driver for U.S. forces in Europe , and once met commanding Gen.
John Pershing , near whose grave the more recent Veterans Day ceremony was held .
Buckles was warmly greeted with standing applause by those in uniform and others who had gathered for the commemoration , but he said he did not think the fuss was about him .
" I can see what they 're honoring : The veterans of World War I . "
" Time has passed very quickly to me , " he told CNN after a wreath - laying , " I 've had a lot of activity in the last 90 years . "
IncrediBots Development Livestream
Watch Incredibots in development .
Tune in and view Jayther coding our favourite internet game IncrediBots .
You can also talk to him and ask questions .
Previous recordings are also available .
Take me there !
Latest Forum Posts
This page is under construction , keep popping back to see what we have added :D
Caveats :
This code does not check if the user is actually using windows , you would need to add that check yourself .
I have tested this code in firefox 3.6 and IE6,7 on windows XP .
This code should really be also tested on Vista and Windows 7 .
See also :
I started building a jquery dropdown widget , and i ran into a problem where i was not styling the dropdown arrow correctly because i developed the widget in the classic theme , but the xp theme styled widgets differently .
Clearly i needed to be able to assign different classes to my widget depending on the user 's theme if i wanted the widget to look natural to that user .
The problem is that the user 's theme setting is not something available through a javascript api call , nor is it in the user agent string .
I used a javascript technique called feature detection to get this information .
Here is how it works :
We create a button element and assign it background color called ' Button Face ' .
This is a special system color that is different depending on what theme you use .
Next we need to get the computed color of the button element , and remove the element from the DOM .
The idea is that a user in XP theme will have a slightly different colored button than a user in the classic theme .
I used some jQuery to make my life easier , but it would be easy to port this code to any other framework , or do it in plain javascript .
The code above plugin will create a new jquery .
support objectwhich contains amember that will be set to ' xp ' if user is using the XP windows theme , ' classic ' if they are using the classic theme , and undefined if they are using a custom theme , or another operating system .
To see this code in action look at this demo page
For further updates to this code please visit the jquery plugin page
It has come to my attention that someone has already done this before
Two friends from Newport , Wales and New York , USA share pictures of their passion for beer .
Read more ...
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
This photo is copyright of Beerlens.com and cannot be used without permission .
For licensing information , please contact us . : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
This photo is copyright of Beerlens.com and cannot be used without permission .
For licensing information , please contact us . : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
This photo is copyright of Beerlens.com and cannot be used without permission .
For licensing information , please contact us . : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
This photo is copyright of Beerlens.com and cannot be used without permission .
For licensing information , please contact us . : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
This photo is copyright of Beerlens.com and cannot be used without permission .
For licensing information , please contact us . : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
This photo is copyright of Beerlens.com and cannot be used without permission .
For licensing information , please contact us . : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
This photo is copyright of Beerlens.com and cannot be used without permission .
For licensing information , please contact us . : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
This photo is copyright of Beerlens.com and cannot be used without permission .
For licensing information , please contact us . : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 1364
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
Warning : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 in / nfs / c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 684
Warning : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) in /nfs/c08/h01/mnt/171811/domains/beerlens.com/html/wp-content/plugins/pinterest-pin-it-button/includes/simple_html_dom.php on line 691
This photo is copyright of Beerlens.com and cannot be used without permission .
For licensing information , please contact us . : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match ( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line : preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 4 inon line : Invalid argument supplied for foreach ( ) inon line
Photo by James D. Schwartz / The Urban Country
In an important announcement last week , the United States Department of Transportation ( DOT ) has said “ the establishment of well - connected walking and bicycling networks ” will be part of all federal - aid transportation projects .
The announcement came out in the form of a Policy Statement that was signed on March 11th and officially announced on March 15th at the National Bike Summit by Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood .
The announcement quickly spread to the mainstream through the Wired article “ Feds Deem Pedestrians , Cyclists and Motorists Equals ” .
What does this mean for American cities ?
It means anytime the Department of Transportation provides federal funding for infrastructure , they will assess whether the new infrastructure accommodates cyclists and pedestrians – as well as motorists – a drastic change from history where motorist needs were the primary consideration and pedestrians and cyclists were merely an afterthought .
What has resulted from decades of ignoring pedestrians and cyclists ?
People are forced to drive everywhere .
In 2003 , the average commute to work in the United States was 24.3 minutes each way over an average distance of 16 miles ( 25.6 KM ) ( this has no doubt increased in the last 7 years ) .
Even as a cycling advocate , I would n’t expect the average person to ride a bike 25 KM each way to work .
Thus , it does n’t necessarily surprise me that most people rely on their car to commute to work every day .
What does surprise ( and sadden ) me is the fact that people in sprawled neighbourhoods are forced to drive their car to the corner store , or to a restaurant , or to see a movie , or to visit a friend .
Why does this sadden me ?
Because 49 % of all trips in the United States are shorter than 3 miles ( 4.8 KM ) , 40 % are shorter than 2 miles ( 3.2 KM ) , and 28 % are shorter than one mile ( 1.6KM ) .
All of these distances can easily be done on a bicycle – and walking a mile should n’t be a problem for an average person .
So why do people choose to get behind the wheel for these short distances ?
In late October 2009 , my brother , sister and I met my Dad in Texas to take him to a Dallas Cowboys football game for his 60th birthday .
We stayed at the Hilton Arlington ( 2401 E Lamar Boulevard to be exact ) .
I chose the hotel because of its proximity to the football stadium – I surmised we could easily walk to the stadium in about 45 minutes .
Here ’s a map with walking directions from the hotel to the stadium :
Photo courtesy of Google Maps
If you ’ve ever tried to walk anywhere in suburban USA , you will know exactly what I ’m talking about when I explain that we were forced to walk on the shoulder of a highway in order to cross Interstate 30 – and most of the walk to the stadium was on the shoulder of a road rather than a footpath .
Here is a Google street view of the bridge we needed to cross – with its narrow shoulder :
Photo courtesy of Google Maps
Had we stayed in a hotel on the east side of Highway 360 , it would have been even worse .
Google Maps gives this stern warning :
And here is the highway we would be forced to walk along :
Photo courtesy of Google Maps
No wonder people do n’t walk anywhere – it ’s not a pleasant experience .
The roads are engineered to make it convenient to drive and all other methods of transportation are either discouraged or even banned in the case of most major freeways .
With the new Policy Statement from the DOT , this will change .
It may take another 30 years to catch up with Europe , but the federal government under leadership from Barack Obama is leading the United States to become less reliant on fossil fuels while building more livable cities .
The Department of Transportation has already shown its commitment in the work it has done in New York City by creating a new public space for pedestrians in Times Square and building segregated bicycle infrastructure along Broadway Ave .
James D. Schwartz is the editor of The Urban Country .
You can contact James at james.schwartz@theurbancountry.com .
Related Articles :
A Somalian man has appeared in court on two charges of attempted murder after he allegedly tried to enter the home of a cartoonist who outraged many Muslims with his depiction of the Prophet Mohammed .
Kurt Westergaard ( 74 ) , took refuge in a safe room in his Aarhus home after alerting police to an attempted break - in by the man who , police said , was carrying an axe and a knife .
Westergaard angered many Muslims with his work depicting Islam ’s founding prophet .
His 2005 opus , one of 12 for the Jyllands - Posten newspaper , linked Mohammed with violence while all depictions of the prophet are generally forbidden by Islamic law .
The 28 - year - old suspect was in hospital being treated for injuries to the knee and a hand after he was shot by police but his life is not thought to be in danger .
Jakob Scharf , head of Denmark ’s PET intelligence service , said the man would be charged with attempted murder for trying to kill Westergaard and a police officer .
Police arrived two minutes after Westergaard ’s call and the assailant wielded an axe at an officer who then shot the man , police said .
Westergaard ’s home has protective features including the safe room and an alarm button while the area surrounding his house is frequently patrolled by police .
A five - year - old grandchild had been staying with Westergaard who said he was shocked after the alleged foiled attempt to kill him .
“ It was close , ” he told the Jyllands - Posten website .
“ It was really close .
But we did it .
That ’s good , very good . ”
PET said in a statement that the arrested man had links with Somali terror group al Shabaab and al Qaida leaders in East Africa .
He had a Danish residence permit and , according to Westergaard ’s remarks to Jyllands - Posten , had shouted “ blood ” and “ revenge ” during the incident .
It is not the first time that Westergaard has been the target of an apparent plot to kill him .
Last October two Chicago men were charged with terror offences related to an alleged plot to kill Westergaard and the newspaper ’s former cultural editor .
In 2008 , Danish police arrested two Tunisian men suspected of planning to kill Westergaard .
Neither suspect was prosecuted and one has since been deported .
The cartoons caused an outcry in Muslim countries and prompted demonstrations at Danish diplomatic outposts around the world , including London .
Denmark ’s government , while distancing itself from the content of the cartoons , refused to condemn the decision to publish them , citing the right to free speech .
PA
Consider , too : the drone wars were initiated under the presidency of George Bush .
But it is the Democrat Barack Obama who has given them flight and stumped up sufficient funding to spark serious debate on the end of the ' ' Top Gun ' ' era of the fighter - pilot .
And there is this : despite decades of American disquiet about assassinations abroad and a shrill Republican critique of him as a security wuss , the professorial Obama is the new killer on the block , authorising more drone attacks in the first year of his term in office than Bush did in his entire presidency .
At the White House these days they hold their breath , praying for a turnaround in the war in Afghanistan to vindicate Obama 's gamble in dispatching 50,000 more young Americans to a conflict some deem unwinnable .
But confidence in the use of state - sanctioned lethal force in the undeclared American war in neighbouring and nuclear - armed Pakistan borders on the giddy .
" The only game in town " was how CIA director Leon Panetta described it last year .
As a covert operation , insufficient data is released to judge its efficacy .
It took publication by the Pakistani media of Google Earth images of Predator aircraft on the ground at a base in Pakistan to elicit oblique CIA confirmation that the program actually operated there .
Last month a CIA spokesman , Paul Gimigliano , only said the agency 's '' counter - terrorism operations - lawful , aggressive , precise and effective - continue without pause " .
Mehsud 's is an impressive scalp of war - for Washington and Islamabad .
He had been in the leadership post for just five months after his predecessor of two years , Baitullah Mehsud , suffered a similar fate in August .
The first drone strikes of the new presidency took place on Obama 's third day in office - four Arabs , presumed to be al - Qaeda associates , died in a strike in the border region .
But as many as 16 members of the extended family of a respected pro-government tribal elder died when the second drone strike that day went terribly awry .
A study by the New America Foundation last year found that just six of 41 CIA - launched drone attacks in the border region had targeted al - Qaeda members .
Eighteen of the targets were Taliban and 16 of them alone were efforts to kill Baitullah Mehsud - which , depending on who did the counting , racked up more than 300 additional civilian deaths .
Body - counting is a fraught business .
Called Revenge of the Drones , the NAF study concluded that , since January 2008 , the American kill has included '' about 20 leaders of al - Qaeda , the Taliban and allied groups … in addition to hundreds of lower - level militants and civilians .
Under President Obama , the strikes have taken out at most [ a ] half - dozen militant leaders while also killing as many as 530 others - of those , around 250 to 400 are reported to have been lower - level militants , about three - quarters ; and about a quarter appear to have been civilians . "
The number of civilian deaths and their implication are hotly debated - because of the extent to which they inflame anti-American sentiment in Pakistan and because the vaporised death of a target denies any opportunity to capture and interrogate him .
Writing in The New York Times , the counter - insurgency experts David Kilcullen and Andrew Exum decried the toll .
Citing a civilian figure of 700 , they extrapolated a civilian loss of 98 per cent of deaths or 50 civilians for each militant eliminated .
Bill Roggio , the managing editor of the respected American blog The Long War Journal , goes to the other extreme , claiming only 10 per cent of those killed could be described as civilians .
After a detailed study of media and other reports from the border region , Revenge of the Drones takes a middle course , opting for a civilian toll of about one - third of those killed .
Just like their political and military leaders , Pakistanis give conflicting signals on the drone wars .
Last summer a Gallup poll found only 10 per cent support for the attacks , but about half in a study of 550 professional people living in the border region described the strikes as accurate , and a little more than half estimated that the strikes damaged the militants without increasing anti-US sentiment .
The changed ground rules making extrajudicial killing more acceptable are a product of post - September 11 thinking .
In 2001 Bush overturned President Gerald Ford 's 1976 prohibition on assassinations by US intelligence agencies - but there 's something else in the works , too .
Despite its loyalty to Israel , the Bush administration condemned Israel 's campaign of targeted assassinations in the Palestinian Occupied Territories in the weeks before the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington .
But , as critics of the drone wars struggle to get traction in public debate , it is curious that in the absence of any negative reaction to Obama 's expansion of his remote killing program last year , the former Bush administration was under attack for revelations that it had considered dispatching more traditional hit - squads abroad to take out al - Qaeda operatives .
Forty - four countries now use unmanned aircraft for surveillance - only the US and Israel deploy them as killers .
In the first weeks of his presidency Obama reportedly wrestled with the moral and strategic implications of the program .
But , as reported in The New York Times , he pointedly declared to one of his earliest Situation Room gatherings : " The CIA gets what it needs . "
The American Civil Liberties Union explained in a Freedom of Information application last month : " It appears … that lethal force is being exercised by individuals who are not in the military chain of command , are not subject to military rules and discipline ; and do not operate under any other public system of accountability or oversight . "
A Democrat 's targeted killings , it seems , are not quite the same as those of a Republican .
The first drones flew before the September 11 attacks - searching for Osama bin Laden .
Now the US Air Force estimates that about 15 per cent of its $ US230 billion ( $ 260 billion ) arms - procurement program will be spent on robot equipment within five years .
Predators can fly 700 kilometres , then hover for 30 hours at a stretch , feeding real - time video and other data through 10 simultaneous streams to controllers in 10 locations .
Priced at $ US4.5 million , Predators carry sensors that intercept electronic signals and listen in on phone conversations - and they carry missiles .
The newer Reapers cost $ US17 million and can fly nearly 6000 kilometres .
The US Air Force now has more drone operators in training than fighter and bomber pilots .
Americans and Europeans blithely assume that China will become more like them as its economy develops and its population gets richer .
But a world order centered on China will reflect Chinese values rather than Western ones - that is , if China can continue its rapid economic growth and maintain its social cohesion and political unity .
DENVER 
In much of the nation , “ monument ” is an innocuous word , conjuring up images of historical figures cast in bronze or road - side plaques few stop to read .
In the West , though , it ’s a fighting word , bound up for years with simmering resentments against the federal government and presidential powers .
The feeling dates to the days when , with the stroke of a pen , Theodore Roosevelt declared lands he wished to protect as national monuments under the American Antiquities Act .
A new monument fight erupted this week when Representative Rob Bishop , Republican of Utah , said he had uncovered a “ secret ” Interior Department memorandum suggesting that the federal government was considering national monument designation for 14 huge blocks of land in nine states from Montana to New Mexico .
A spokeswoman for the Department of the Interior , Kendra Barkoff , said the list was not secret at all , but simply a “ very , very , very preliminary , ” internal working document resulting from a brainstorming session that Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , a Democrat and former senator from Colorado , had requested about the lands in the West .
My .bash_profile was n't being loaded .
Why ?
» This $ 1,500 Robot Will Talk To Kids So Parents Do n’t Have To
Moxie the robot can help solve problems tech generally exacerbates , or ...
» The Racial Marxism of BLM
The revolution is the point .
» College music dept . pledges to remove ' systemic racism ' from curriculum
The music department of Meredith College
» Keeping Male Bodies Out of Women ’s Rugby
Instances of biological males playing women ’s game increased , and some began to express alarm
» Radicalized Antiracism on Campus — as Seen from the Computer Lab
Shifted almost completely from a focus on gender to a focus on race .
» Ibram X Kendi : when wokes and white supremacists agree
‘ Anti-racist ’ author ’s unhinged rant v. interracial adoption retweeted approvingly by Richard Spence ...
» The Armed Women at the Center of the Louisville Protests
A self - proclaimed security team helps keep the demonstrations going without letting them go too far .
» A Look At Amy Coney Barrett 's Record On Abortion Rights
In 2016 , Trump vowed to appoint justices who'd vote to overturn the 1973 Roe v. Wade decision
» Georgia parents of teen with ' mental issues ' can sue sperm bank
... after finding donor was schizophrenic criminal
You ’ve seen underbust corsets .
You ’ve seen overbust corsets .
But I had never seen a half - bust corset before this one !
By Antiseptic Fashion , the Hypsipyle Leather Corset is an immediate eye - catcher .
If you ’re intrigued , head over to Antiseptic Fashion ’s Etsy shop to see more uncommon corsets and leather bedroom accessories .
Antiseptic Fashion plays with asymmetry and cutouts – two things not often seen in the corset world – which would make any of the pieces a standout addition to your lingerie collection .
The number of Americans getting help from soup kitchens , shelters and food pantries each week rose 27 percent in the past four years , to 5.7 million , according to a survey by Feeding America , an association of food banks .
About 37 million Americans , one in eight , got assistance over the course of a year , an increase of 46 percent .
amorsacerfoss 576 amorsacerfoss 's chat
hothustlers 411 hothustlers 's chat
MelissaMoorex 167 Hello ;) Please be polite and dont call me bb .
Vibes from 2 toks , any flash - 99 , striptease - 233 ) Enjoy ;)
AriannaLady 12 Hi .
I wanna have fun ..
Come to me :*
Angel_7391 61 Hello !
Undress in private !
tits can be seen in private !
Eva440 8 Eva440's chat
Rozaniceass 56 1-11 3 sec low 12 - 36 5 sec medium 37 - 64 10 sec hard 65 - 100 15 sec ultra hard
LuisaHot4u 9 Lovely Blue Eyed girl is alone .. i need some nice company .. :) would you like to join me ?
KamiTia 612 KamiTia 's chat
ItalianDream_ 175 WELCOME ** GO IN PRIVATE OR GROUP IF WANT TO HAVE FUN WITH ME ** @ 999 Countdown !
330 Accumulated !!
669 again for NAKED T
BellaJane 278
Lets have fun , im ready to make my pussy wet #asin #cute # 18 #lovense #lush #squirt #bigass
MalikaKaley 677 Hello !
All the sweetest things in Privat !
Slemgem666 1491 Slemgem666's chat
VanessaIvyxx 261 Hello guys , I 'm feeling so hot today :* if you want to know the price do n't hesitate to ask
Bella - Ela 275
Time for happy vibrations !
# lush#lovense#new#sexyteacher !
flash ass 120tks / flash pussy 160tks !
# pole#naked#sexy#dance@G
Little - letti 370 lowens vibration level !
1 - 14 tokens 3 seconds !
15-99 tokens 5 seconds !
100-499 tokens 10 seconds !
500 -999 tokens 30 sec
greenlady 503
Hey kitties !
Let 's be friends !
vibration from 1 tok
MS - 86 179 PLEASE READ THE PRICE IN THE CHAT !
_
In the group - naked , caressing with fingers .
_
In private - cam2cam , pussy fuck , b
WilmaArina 783
Deep kiss
ASexyBerry 144
Hi ​guys !
​ Im ​new ​here !
​ And ​ready ​know ​everybody ​here ​ for ​fun ​and ​talk :) ​
IvettaShine 304 I am a woman !
I will always wait for the first step from a man .
I will always wait for courage and actions .
This is abso
ilkayji 136
Dont let me stop ⭐ make me squirt and lets cumm together tonight ⭐
Vivillon 195 Tits 80 tokens Lovense from 1 token
wantYourCock2 40 @ Squirt 900 tokens
OliviaWil 16 Welcome guys ^_^
Wish we should play here and have some fun ♥
Make me put my toys in each my hole and cum so good ^_^ 444
illymaus 109 illymaus 's chat
WOWCrystal 102 WOWCrystal 's chat
JullieMilf 13 STRAPON
#lovense # squirt #anal # pantyhose #lovense #cum #mature #pvt #roleplay #mistress # domi # brunete #milf #bigbobbs
Claraxd8 3 hi , hru , spin the wheel 20 , yes or no , .. head or tails ?
KyoJyo 19 [ none ]
Oil show 333
embed 34 ❤️ Hi hi❤️lets have fun *** PRVT is open ❤️ Kiss.❤️❤️ Repeating Goal : Naked 5 min@ [ 1986 tokens remaining ]
LisaXRus 107 LisaXRus 's chat
Sweetbabylove 281 Sweetbabylove 's chat
SharonMirage 418 play public show cum ot goal 3333
Nefirtiti 1546
Oh , how I want them !
Squirt 1860
ChloeSquirts 449 100tk if u think i'm hot !
399tks # Squirt ; 499tk # Anal ; 450tk # DP ; # Lush On PM for Custom Videos .
HaileyRose 202 #lush ON #lovense
Use your tokens with intelligence to get me wet and to a happy ending MUAH xoxo *** haileyroses
Emily - Willis 391 ⭐ Happy Naughty Thursday ! ⭐
More tips , more #anal show ! ⭐
Make me #cum and # squirt with #lovense !⭐
Tip 88 = random le
GinaStar 106 ❤ ️hello everyone !
let 's play ... lovense on !
❤️❤️roll the dice❤️ #new # brunette #lovense #pvtopen #dance
sweetella 289 lovense on !
100 pussy or asshole , 50 boobs , 60 c2 c , 65 twerk , 500 squirt !
lets cum together lovers !
alexissadele 174 #lovense on #pvt on #big boobs #cum #squirt
ashleywild 92 # boobie # slut # bigtits #tits #boobs 99982 squirt
DeeaDiamond 94 @GOAL -#pov # Footjob with # pantyhose / 22 - IF YOU FIND ME #CUTE / 25 IF YOU #LOVE MY #BIGBOOBS / 17 IS MY LUCKY NUMBER
NatyPrecious 156 897 - # squirt / 50 tkn any #flash #bigboobs #bigniplles # fetish # goddess #lovense #lush #domi
AngelaMyst 73 hey hey !
help me to get naked , and cut my t- shirt !
222tk to spin my wheel !!
99tk any flash , 222oil boobies , 333naked , 55
NatashaGrace 14
Make my bday the best one ! ❤️
racheldianna 26 NEW TEEN MODEL !!C2C 50TK
GoddessDana 62 - I am feeling #horny today #fuckme / Tip menu
On / #lovense #lush On - make my #pussy # wet #cum #squirt / 100 # sloppy
With only two days left until the start of the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver , British Columbia , the 106 - day , 26,000 km overland Olympic Torch Relay through Canada has nearly come to a close .
Back in December , we featured 33 images from the first 44 days of the journey .
Today , we bring you highlights from the last 73 days , as torchbearers bring the flame ever closer to its final destination , Vancouver 's BC Place , to light the Olympic Cauldron and signal the start of the Vancouver 2010 Olympic Winter Games on February 12th .
( 42 photos total
The rushed process of getting the digital economy bill through Parliament – it had its first reading in the Commons on Tuesday night , having just had its third ( and final ) reading in the Lords on Monday night – has prompted an angry groundswell of people using 38 Degrees to lobby their MPs to block it .
The newly - created page on the 38 Degrees site lets people find their MP via their postcode , and then email them to demand that the bill gets a proper debate - or is abandoned for this Parliament .
( Disclosure : 38 Degrees is a partner with the Guardian in its digital election coverage . )
As the page puts it , " Peter Mandelson is rushing to force the digital economy Bill into law before the general eection .
The draconian law is opposed by industry experts , internet service providers ( like TalkTalk and BT ) , web giants including Google , Yahoo and eBay and even the British Library .
Despite all this opposition , the government is trying to rush it through quietly just before the election without proper debate – without a chance for us to voice our opposition .
Email your MP now and urge them to stop the government rushing this law through . "
It 's becoming clear that the bill wo n't get the proper scrutiny that is required for a bill of this importance due to the rush towards election .
If the election is on 6 May , as is widely expected , then parliament will be dissolved on 6 April , meaning that any bills which have n't been passed by then but which are still in process and which the government wants to push through will go to the " wash - up " , where they will be processed at top speed without debate through deals done by the whips of the three main parties .
Surprisingly , the Tories , who oppose various elements of the bill such as the £ 6 per year " landline tax " , seem minded to support the passage of the bill .
[ It does n't ; thanks all who have pointed this out - CA ]
Tony Hirst of the Open University asks whether clause 97B - " The High Court ( in Scotland , the Court of Session ) shall have power to grant an injunction against a service provider , requiring it to prevent access to online locations specified in the order of the Court for the prevention of online copyright infringement " - could be used to block sites like Wikileaks ( which after all exists for the reposting of material from organisations - which those organisations could argue is copyrighted ) .
My reading is that it could - and it's no use government saying " oh , but we would n't " .
Bad law is n't made good law by not being used badly ; it 's made good by actually being well - drafted .
The question now is whether the 38 Degrees action - and any other action that citizens take - will have as much effect as some of the lobbying groups .
As the 38 Degrees page puts it , " There 's plenty to oppose in the digital economy bill , it gives the government the ability to disconnect millions .
Schools , libraries and businesses could see their connection cut if their pupils , readers of customers infringe any copyright .
But one group likes it , the music industry .
In a leaked memo a few days ago they admitted the only way to get the bill through would be to rush it through without a real parliamentary debate .
Let 's stop that happening . "
Judging by the number of clickthroughs to the page ( more than 3,000 at 12.20 pm ) and Twitter links to the page , this is proving a popular topic .
The key question now : will MPs be listening , will they take action , and will that make any difference ?
It might be the sort of thing that could win you votes ...
In 1992 , prior to the release of Connie Willis ‘ new novel , Doomsday Book , Random House editor Amy Stout approached multi-award winning – and notoriously blunt – science fiction author Harlan Ellison for a quote .
The following letter was sent to Stout in reply and includes the blurb as requested , plus explicit instruction with regards to its use .
To the eagle - eyed amongst you : yes , Ellison ’s spelling mistake was bravely corrected .
Edit : Although it was changed for the blurb , it seems that ‘ irresistable ’ may be a legitimate spelling after all .
Transcript follows .
Many thanks to the submitter , who wishes to remain anonymous .
Transcript
HARLAN ELLISON 12 February 92 Dear Amy :
You may use this on Connie ’s new book .
In full , no ellipses , no altering for any edition .
And send me a copy of the book , please .
And warn the troll drones in your art and publicity departments that if they fuck around with the quote , change it or alter it for a meaning not intended , I will come and find them and kill them so dead I ’ll murder their ancestors !
Charmingly , ( Signed )
“ The writing of Connie Willis is irresistable .
Clever , cunning , and capable of tantalizing the most demanding reader . ”
HARLAN ELLISON
( WOMENSENEWS ) –
Cheers
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced that , for the first time , the United States will participate in what ’s called the " universal periodic review " process , run by the U.N. Human Rights Council , The Washington Post reported March 18 .
The United States will submit itself to the process this fall , in which the nation ’s record , including that on women ’s rights issues , might be judged .
" Human rights are universal , but their experience is local .
This is why we are committed to holding everyone to the same standard , including ourselves , " Clinton said in the article .
The 47 - member U.N. Human Rights Council was established in March 2006 to replace the U.N. Commission on Human Rights .
George W. Bush ’s administration refused to join the council , citing its nondemocratic makeup and its frequent criticisms of Israel , the article reported , but the Obama administration reversed that decision last spring .
More News to Cheer This Week :
Deutsche Telekom , Europe ’s largest telecommunications company , said March 15 that it would more than double the number of women who are managers within five years , becoming the first member of the DAX 30 index of blue - chip German companies to introduce gender quotas , the New York Times reported .
The company said it planned to raise the number of women in senior and middle management to 30 percent by the end of 2015 , from 12 percent today .
It said it had roughly 15,000 management positions worldwide .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told a U.N. gathering in New York that the world body must appoint more women to top jobs in order to raise the profile and understanding of women ’s equality issues , Reuters reported Mar. 12 .
Clinton also endorsed a U.N. program to field a " super agency , " which will consolidate four bodies focused on disparate issues affecting women into one .
U.N. Deputy Secretary - General Asha-Rose Migiro and U.N. Development Program Chief Helen Clark are among the highest - ranking women serving in the U.N. , Reuters reported .
President Obama plans to tap Janet Yellen , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco , for the No. 2 spot at the Federal Reserve , the San Francisco Chronicle reported March 15 .
He also named top candidates for two other vacancies on the board : Sarah Bloom Raskin , an attorney who is Maryland ’s commissioner on financial regulation , and Peter Diamond , an MIT economist who specializes in Social Security issues
The Constitutional Court in Egypt supported the right of women to serve as judges in state courts despite protests by conservative leaders , the New York Times reported on March 15 .
Currently , women in the country are not allowed to serve as judges under Egyptian law .
Jeers
Women and children as young as 2 , already traumatized by the loss of homes and loved ones in the Jan. 12 earthquake that hit Haiti , are now falling victim to rapists in the sprawling tent cities that have become home to hundreds of thousands of people , the Associated Press reported March 16 .
With no lighting and no security , the city can become dangerous after sunset .
Sexual assaults are daily occurrences in the biggest camps , aid workers say , and most attacks go unreported because of shame , social stigma and fear of reprisals from attackers , the Associated Press reported .
Rape was a significant problem in Haiti even before the earthquake and was frequently used as a political weapon in times of upheaval .
But the quake has made women and girls ever more vulnerable , as they ’ve lost their homes , being forced to live in close quarters with strangers .
Also gone are many male protectors , with the deaths of husbands , brothers and sons .
More News to Jeer This Week :
Three Mexican women employed on temporary worker visas in North Carolina sued Captain Charlie ’s Seafood , Inc. , a seafood processing company , March 17 for unlawfully restricting them to certain work solely because they are women , according to a press release by the American Civil Liberties Union , ACLU .
The lawsuit also claims that the company underpaid the women , unlawfully failed to reimburse their travel costs and wrongfully fired them .
The lawsuit was filed by the American Civil Liberties Union , the ACLU of North Carolina Legal Foundation and the North Carolina Justice Center on behalf of the three women and other workers in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina .
The 2007 R.J. Reynolds ’ cigarette campaign , Camel No. 9 , may have been effective in encouraging young girls to start smoking , finds a study released March 15 by the American Academy of Pediatrics .
The study enrolled more than 1,000 10 - 13 year olds in 2003 and followed up with them five times through 2008 , asking participants to report a brand of " favorite " cigarettes .
Teens who reported having a favorite cigarette ad at baseline were 50 percent more likely to have smoked by the fifth interview , according to a press release by Legacy , an anti-smoking advocacy group in Washington , D.C. After the launch of Camel No. 9 , the percentage of teen girls who reported having a favorite cigarette ad increased by 10 percentage points , with Camel accounting for nearly all of this increase .
Torture survivors seeking sanctuary in Britain are being wrongly held in government detention centers , The U.K. ’s Guardian newspaper reported March 14 .
One is Bibiche Lutete , 36 , who was beaten and repeatedly raped in the Democratic Republic of Congo , where the U.N. has confirmed rape is used as a weapon of war .
Another is a 43 - year - old torture victim from Zimbabwe , who is on hunger strike in the Yarl ’s Wood detention center , in Bedfordshire .
She says she was detained despite independent verification of the abuse in her home country .
Noted :
LOS ANGELES 
It is doubtful that any of the remaining 24 contestants on “ American Idol ” hope that they will be playing the Teen Angel in a touring production of “ Grease ” in Milwaukee three years from now .
But that ’s what Taylor Hicks , the 2006 American Idol winner , is doing .
And it shows that winning the most popular talent competition in the country is no guarantee of superstardom .
Easing that potential pain are the substantial financial rewards promised to winners of “ American Idol , ” regardless of how many records they sell once the show ends .
In the year since he stood under a confetti shower in the Nokia Theater here , Kris Allen , last year ’s winner , has earned at least $ 650,000 from “ American Idol , ” according to contracts that last season ’s contestants signed with the show ’s producers during the competition .
That amount reflects the minimum a winner would earn .
Including performance fees and merchandising royalties from the “ American Idol ” tour , as well as other opportunities , winners have never failed to earn less than $ 1 million in the year or so after the contest , people close to the show say .
As mentioned Monday , I found The Big Short discussion on 60 Minutes quite interesting .
I went over to Amazon to check out the book — and was stunned at the very low review ratings for a book that had yet to be released .
At the time , there were but 7 reviews .
I clicked through a few a One Star ratings , and saw some jackass had written the following :
“ Watched the interview on 60 minutes last night could not wait to order the book this morning on my kindle .
Your loss . ”
My response to the dolt reviewer :
“ The book is n’t even out yet — and because the publisher has yet to release the kindle edition , you give the book a 1 star rating ?
An author spends 2 years researching and writing — important enough of a subject that 60 Minutes does a piece on it .
What sort of creep dismisses 2 years of someone ’s work because their infantile demands could not be satisfied THIS SECOND ?
There are now 77 reviews , and 41 are one star reviews for kindle related issues .
Most of these brain damaged eejits who wo n’t understand this , but Amazon sure as hell should :
Authors do not control when the Kindle version comes out any more than they do when the paperback is released .
Publishers typically release a kindle version sometime AFTER the hardcover .
My book , Bailout Nation , was released May 26 , 2009 , and the kindle edition came out sometime in the Fall . . . the paperback is due June 28 , 2010 .
As an author , you have precisely ZERO control over these dates .
Considering the 1 star ratings / complaints about the Kindle edition were posted BEFORE THE BOOK was even released , they are utterly absurd .
Amazon needs to step up and delete these non-reviews of books .
At the very least , they should not count in the book ’s star ratings .
( And as commentors have suggested , they should require a purchase prior to any reviews ) .
That ’s the equivalent of giving a movie a bad review because the popcorn concession in the lobby was out of butter .
These pro-kindle , anti-author reviews are completely unfair to the writer .
A review is supposed to be about the book , not the publishers format release schedule .
If Amazon wants to be a fair vendor of books , they need to delete these idiotic , pro-kindle , fan boy reviews .
Is Amazon a fair arbiter of this , or has their mad kindle lust blinded them to what is right ?
Hey Jeff Bezos !
Please show me my trust in Amazon is not misplaced !
Fix these damned reviews
THERE IS A MAN DRIVING FAST down a dirt road leading to the border .
A rooster tail of dust marks his passage .
He is very frightened and his 15 - year - old son sits beside him in silence .
The boy is that way — very bright , yet very quiet .
They are unusually close .
The father has raised him as a single parent since he was four .
The father and son are fleeing to the United States .
Back in their hometown of Ascensión , Chihuahua , men with assault rifles are searching for them .
These men are soldiers in the Mexican Army and intend to kill the father , and perhaps the son , also .
As the man drives toward the border crossing at Antelope Wells , New Mexico , he thinks the soldiers are ransacking his house .
No one in the town will have the guts to speak up .
The man knows this absolutely .
His name is Emilio Gutiérrez Soto and he is a reporter and that is why he is a dead man driving .
He recalls how back when Carlos Salinas was president , the Mexican Army came to this same part of northern Chihuahua , beat up a bunch of peasants , tortured prisoners , and terrorized the community under the guise of fighting drug cartels .
The peasants never filed any grievances because they knew any complaints would be ignored by their government .
Or they would be disappeared .
This is the kind of thing the reporter has understood since childhood but does not write and publish .
Like the peasants , he knows his place in the system .
It is June 16 , 2008 , and in two days he will have his 45th birthday , should he live that long .
The military has again flooded northern Mexico , ever since President Felipe Calderón assumed office in December 2006 with a margin so razor thin that many Mexicans think he is an illegitimate president .
One of his first acts was to declare a war on the nation ’s thriving drug industry , and his favorite tool was to be the Mexican Army , portrayed as less corrupt than the local or national police .
Now some 45,000 soldiers , nearly 25 percent of the Army , are marauding all over the country , escalating the mayhem that consumes Mexico .
In 2008 , more than 6,000 Mexicans died in the drug violence , a larger loss than the United States has endured during the entire Iraq War .
Since 2000 , two dozen reporters have been officially recorded as murdered , at least seven more have vanished , and an unknown number have fled into the United States .
But all numbers in Mexico are slippery , because people have so many ways of disappearing .
In 2008 , 188 Mexicans — cops , reporters , businesspeople — sought political asylum at US border crossings , more than twice as many as the year before .
This is the wave of gore the man rides as he heads north .
He has tried to avoid this harsh reality .
He has been careful in his work .
His publisher has told him it is better to lose a story than to take a big risk .
He does not look too closely into things .
If someone is murdered , he prints what the police tell him and lets it go at that .
If people sell or warehouse drugs in his town , he ignores it .
Nor does he inquire about who controls the drug industry in his town or anywhere else .
The man driving is terrified of hitting an Army checkpoint .
They are random and they are everywhere .
The entire Mexican north has become a killing field .
In Palomas , a nearby border town of maybe 7,500 souls , more than 40 men have already been executed in the past year , and several more have vanished in kidnappings ; a mass grave was discovered in May .
Some of these murders are by drug cartels .
Some of these murders are by state and federal police .
Some of these murders are by the Mexican Army .
There are now many ways to die .
The high desert is beautiful , a pan of creosote with saucers of grass in moist low spots .
Here and there volcanic remnants make black marks on the Earth and there is almost no water .
Almost all the rivers flowing from the Sierra Madre vanish in the desert .
But it is home , the place he has spent his life .
The reporter may die for committing a simple error .
He wrote an accurate news story .
He did not know that was dangerous because he thought the story was very small and unimportant .
He was wrong and that was the beginning of all his trouble .
There are two Mexicos .
There is the one reported by the US press , a place where the Mexican president is fighting a valiant war on drugs , aided by the Mexican Army and the Mérida Initiative , the $ 1.4 billion in aid the United States has committed to the cause .
This Mexico has newspapers , courts , laws , and is seen by the United States government as a sister republic .
It does not exist .
There is a second Mexico where the war is for drugs , where the police and the military fight for their share of drug profits , where the press is restrained by the murder of reporters and feasts on a steady diet of bribes , and where the line between the government and the drug world has never existed .
The reporter lives in this second Mexico .
Until very recently , he liked it just fine .
In fact , he loves Mexico and has never thought of leaving .
Even though he lives about 20 miles from the border , he has not bothered to cross for almost 10 years .
But now , things have changed .
He knows about the humanitarian treaties signed by the United States and he thinks given these commitments , he and his boy will be given asylum .
He has decided to tell the authorities nothing but the truth .
He has failed to realize one little fact : No Mexican reporter has ever been given political asylum .
Suddenly , he sees a checkpoint ahead and there is no way to escape it .
Men in uniforms pull him over .
He discovers to his relief that this checkpoint is run by Mexico ’s migration agency , and so , maybe , they will not give him up to the Army .
“ Why are you driving so fast ? ”
“ I am afraid .
There are people trying to kill me . ”
“ The narcos ? ”
“ No , the soldiers . ”
“ Who are you ? ”
He hands over his press pass .
“ Oh , you are the one , they searched your house . ”
“ I have had problems . ”
“ Those sons of bitches do whatever they want .
Go ahead .
Good luck . ”
He roars away .
When he stops at the port of entry at Antelope Wells in the bootheel of New Mexico , US customs ask , as they always do , what he is bringing from Mexico .
He says , “ We bring fear . ”
THE PRIEST GOES to the fiesta to christen a child .
The food is lavish , as is the rancho .
There are many men of power there , men who have survived the life and now live large and feast on danger .
One old man is the boss and he wears a very large gold crucifix encrusted with diamonds and a giant emerald .
This gleaming treasure catches the priest ’s eye .
The padre slips out and goes to the federal police and tells them of this convocation of narcotraficantes .
He is a very good source for the police because he hears confession from the men in the life and then sells this information .
The police hit the fiesta .
They find a lot of cocaine and a million in cash .
The priest gets the crucifix as his reward .
The cops turn over the rest of the loot to the country ’s chief drug enforcement officer at the time .
Later it is revealed that this man , Javier Coello Trejo , enforces the law against some cartels , but not the Gulf cartel , which pays him millions for such discretion .
Years later , a long caravan of fine pickup trucks with darkly tinted windows takes up both lanes of the highway leading into Ascensión .
There must be 20 or 30 vehicles rumbling into the isolated community of 18,000 in the Chihuahuan desert .
The town is surrounded by dying farms , many of them abandoned because of drought and the low prices that came in the wake of the North American Free Trade Agreement .
The Army has seized some of these farms and squats on them .
People live off a few bars , some small stores , and the drug industry .
At the moment the caravan arrives , the streets are empty and no one looks out a single window .
There ’s a store security videotape of the caravan , but it is impossible to make out any faces behind the glass .
Emilio will never know whom this convoy is guarding .
He will never ask .
Just as the Mexican Army stationed in the town will never record its arrival .
Rumors say it is Joaquín “ El Chapo ” ( Shorty ) Guzmán Loera , leader of the Sinaloa cartel whom Forbes recently named the 701st richest person in the world .
But to investigate such matters is a fatal decision .
Emilio and I are sitting in the sun somewhere in the United States of America as he tosses out the tales of the priest and the strange caravan of fine pickup trucks .
He is hiding now with a man who has family and business interests in northern Chihuahua .
If it were known he sheltered Emilio , the man ’s relatives would be kidnapped and possibly killed , his livelihood jeopardized .
As we soak up the sun , Ascensión is in a state of siege .
Four women have just vanished and are probably murdered .
In October , a parcel containing four heads was delivered to the police station .
The director of the bank and his wife have been kidnapped and then returned in bad shape .
Also , the bank has just been strafed by machine - gun fire .
In Palomas , a town that like Ascensión falls within the gravitational pull of the sprawling border city of Ciudad Juárez , the entire police force recently resigned , forcing the police chief to seek shelter in the United States .
The town is dying .
Few people cross from America to shop because of the violence .
There is a gray cast to the children begging in the streets that suggests malnutrition .
Work has fled — the people - smuggling business has moved because of US pressure in the sector and so the town is studded with half - built or abandoned cheap lodgings for migrants heading north .
Also there is an array of narcomansions whose occupants have moved on .
And there are eyes everywhere .
I walk down the dirt streets tailed by pickups with very darkly tinted windows .
The biggest restaurant in town for tourists closes every day at 6 p.m. — get home before dark .
The Mexican Army is everywhere and can be ill tempered .
Last year , I was with a friend who took a photograph of soldiers in Palomas a block from the US port of entry , and they came racing at us with machine guns .
In April 2008 , one of the generals in command of the state held a press conference .
“ I know that the media are sometimes afraid of us , ” he said , “ but they should not be afraid .
I hope they will trust us . ”
As for reports of deaths at the hands of the military , the general added , “ I would like to see the reporters change their articles .
Where they say , ‘ one more murdered person , ’ they should instead say , ‘ one less criminal . ' ”
Reporters were also issued a common explanation by Mexico ’s defense department :
Yes , there would almost certainly be a spate of robberies and rapes committed by men in uniform but these were to be explained as the deeds of drug traffickers disguising themselves as soldiers to embarrass the Army .
Any questions ?
EMILIO WAS ONE of eight children born and raised in Nuevo Casas Grandes , a small Chihuahuan city set against the Sierra Madre .
His father was a master bricklayer , his mother a housewife .
His childhood was poverty .
He always wanted to be a writer and worked on the high school paper , a weekly printed on a mimeograph machine .
The Army has a post in his town .
One day , a very pretty classmate named Rosa Saenz turns up , her hair and skin coated with mud .
Her breasts have been sliced with blades and she has been stabbed 50 times .
She has been raped , also .
Emilio sees her body in the back of a car in front of the police station , a vehicle dragged in as a monument to a quest for the truth .
Two of her classmates are blamed for the murder .
The police smash the testicles of one .
The other flees and when he returns much later , he is kind of crazy .
In the end , no one is charged with the crime .
But everyone in the town knows the girl was raped and murdered by the Army .
And no one in the town says anything about it .
Emilio is 13 years old .
This is part of basic Mexican schooling : submission .
I remember once being in a small town when the then president of Mexico descended like a god with an entourage and massive security .
The poor fled into their shanties until it was over .
The streets emptied , and when the president did a staged stroll to greet his subjects there was no one standing on the sidewalks except party hacks .
Mexican literature is rich with this obliteration of public self and sequestering of private self amid the security of family .
The nation ’s Nobel laureate , Octavio Paz , etched this trait indelibly in The Labyrinth of Solitude .
Emilio emerges from high school with average grades but a sharp mind in a country where curiosity can be a fatal trait .
He learns photography and when he graduates at 18 , he is hired by a small paper to take pictures .
Soon he is a reporter .
He explains the system in simple terms .
Let ’s say a reporter earns $ 100 a week .
Every Monday , a man comes who represents the police , the government , the political parties , and the drug leaders .
He gives each reporter a sum that is three times his actual wage .
This is called the sobre , the envelope .
“ Ever since I was a little kid , ” he continues , “ I listened to my parents criticize bad government .
We knew it was corrupt . ”
“ Corruption at the paper , ” he explains , “ was subtle .
The politicians would win over my boss with dinners and bags of money .
The reporter on the beat would sometimes get pressure from the boss not to report certain things like the bad habits of politicians , the houses they own , the girlfriends .
And it was understood that you never asked hard questions .
The narcos also gave out money but I was always afraid of them .
They own businesses and horses , buy ads , have parties with celebrities and you cover that , they would pay you to cover that , but you never mentioned their real business . ”
He sees his Mexico as genetically corrupt .
A corrupt Aztec ruling class fused with the trash of Spain , the conquistadors .
This thesis helps him face the reality around him .
“ In Mexico , ” he says , “ we operate in disguise .
There is one face and under that is another mask .
Nothing is up - front .
The publisher wishes to perpetuate the system .
But if it is clear you are taking bribes , you will be fired .
You must take it under the table because if you talked about it openly that would affect the image . ”
He is entering a bar one night when he sees a local mayor leaving with some narcotraficantes .
The mayor pauses by the street , drops his pants , and pisses in the gutter .
Emilio writes up the incident — minus the narcos ; he is not an idiot — and puts it in the paper .
He is young and he does not understand the rules about propriety .
The next day he is called to the mayor ’s office .
The mayor is at a big desk with a check ledger .
He says , “ How much ? ”
He wants Emilio to publish a story saying his earlier story was a lie .
Emilio does not take any money .
He realizes later that this is a serious error because he learns that the mayor and the publisher are very close .
“ I quit and take a job in radio before something bad happens . ”
He makes one report on how the drug counselor for the local schools was fired .
He wonders on the air if the officials themselves are actually clean .
He soon finds out because another local mayor is listening .
The mayor has just gotten out of a treatment center in El Paso for cocaine addiction .
He storms down to the radio station and offers the owner 10,000 pesos to fire Emilio .
The owner obliges .
EMILIO MOVES from paper to paper and eventually winds up at the Ascensión bureau of El Diario , a daily based in nearby Juárez .
Emilio loves politics and develops Page 1 stories by dutifully interviewing politicians and publishing their inane answers .
It is a wink to the readers — much like La Jornada , a left - of - center Mexico City paper that used to publish articles bought and paid for by the Mexican government in italics .
Sometimes when a leading drug figure is arrested , usually as a show to placate US agencies , he interviews them also .
He is hard driving , at least until his son is born .
After that , he becomes cautious because he must think of his son and not give in to the dangers of ambition .
Here is what a wise man knows : that certain people — the cartel leaders , the corrupt police , the corrupt military — these things can not be written about at all .
That other people should be mentioned favorably unless they are caught in circumstances so extreme that the news cannot be suppressed .
Then , the blow is softened as much as possible .
Nor are investigations favored .
If someone is murdered , you call the proper authorities and you print exactly what they tell you .
But you do n’t poke around in such matters .
This is the reality of Mexican reporting , where a person is inside but outside , where a person knows more than the public but can only say what is known in code and this code had better not be too clear .
He has mastered , he thinks , the rules of the game .
He is clean ; he avoids taking bribes .
But he also ignores the fact that other reporters are taking bribes .
He is not looking for trouble .
When top military officials say if there are any rapes and robberies they will be the fault of narcotraficantes masquerading as soldiers , well , that is the way it will be reported .
He will obey those instructions for a very simple reason .
For three years , Emilio has been afraid he will be murdered by the Mexican Army .
He has , to his horror , committed an error .
And nothing he has done in the past three years has made up for this mistake .
He has ceased reporting on the Army completely .
He has focused on safe things such as fighting the creation of a toxic waste facility in the town .
He has apologized to various military officers and endured their tongue - lashings .
Still , this cloud hangs over him .
He can remember the day he blundered into this dangerous country .
I AM SITTING in the Hotel San Francisco in Palomas almost four years to the day from the moment Emilio Gutiérrez Soto destroyed his life .
The small restaurant has eight tables ; the walls host an explosion of plastic flowers screaming yellow , red , and pink .
Carved wooden mallard heads spike out as hat racks for Stetsons .
Music floats through the air , Bob Dylan singing “ Knockin ’ on Heaven ’s Door . ”
In the kitchen , short , dark women chop vegetables for salsa .
Their movements are very slow and their faces blank .
In the lobby are murals of an imaginary Sierra Madre in an imaginary Mexico .
A huge buck stands in an alpine meadow , an eagle swoops down on a lake , a caballero in a sequined suit stares with love at a beautiful señorita .
Also in the lobby is a large statue of St. Francis and in his hands and at his feet are handwritten messages and offerings left by migrants .
Just five blocks away , the poor plunged through the line and headed into El Norte — but none of the notes are very recent .
The river of misery has changed course for the moment .
The tile floor is the color of flesh .
The notes whisper of a people in flight : “ Father , help us all who pass as wetbacks .
Help us Our Father .
Bless us all who think of You , who trust in You .
And I ask
You to bless and help my mother , my father and me and my brothers and sisters and all of my family .
In Your hands we place our good luck to pass ALIVE .
Adios Our Father . ”
Another note says : “ Please I ask You with all my heart look after and protect my husband that he pass safely .
Amen . ” A Bible lies open and someone has dropped this plea on the page :
God bless us and protect us along the way
Yonathan
Manuel
Tomaz
Yumbo
Graciela
Norma
Olinda
Guide us on a good road and protect us .
As I leave the Hotel San Francisco , Johnny Cash is singing ,
You can run on for a long time
Run on for a long time
Run on for a long time
Sooner or later God ’ll cut you down
Sooner or later God ’ll cut you down
IT BEGAN for Emilio on January 28 , 2005 , when six soldiers came to La Estrella Hotel , a run-down boardinghouse for migrants across the street from the Hotel San Francisco , took food off people ’s plates , and then robbed the customers of their money and jewelry .
Emilio got tipped off and so he phoned the local police chief .
He called the Army also but as is their custom they refused to answer any questions .
He filed a brief article about the incident , one of three he wrote during that period noting similar actions by the Army in the area .
That is how he destroyed his life .
Several days later , February 8 , 2005 , Colonel Filadelfo Martínez Piedra calls Emilio at home , explains that he is “ the boss , ” and orders him to come immediately to the Hotel Miami in downtown Ascensión .
The colonel says , “ If you do n’t come , we ’ll come looking for you at home or wherever you are . ”
So he puts his then - 11 - year - old son in his truck and goes there .
He notices scores of ordinary soldiers around the hotel , and two vans full of elite troops who are bodyguards for the officers .
He leaves his son in the truck and walks up to the colonel .
It is a very cold night .
In his mind , he is thinking , “ What the fuck are these cabrones up to ? ” Soldiers swiftly surround him .
The colonel says to another officer , “ Look general , the son of a whore who has written all kinds of stupidities has arrived . ”
Then the general , Alfonso García Vega , says , “ So you are the son of a whore who is lowering our prestige .
You son of a fucking whore , you are denigrating us and my boss .
The minister in Mexico is extremely bothered by your fucking lies , idiot . ”
Emilio tries to form words to excuse himself but he cannot .
The general is in charge of Chihuahua .
He is very short and his uniform is brilliant with gold trim .
Emilio is very frightened and he says that he only writes what the officials or the victims tell him .
The general says , “ No , you have no sources for that information .
You made it up .
Just how much schooling do you have , asshole ? ”
Emilio lies , and claims two years of communication studies at a university .
The general explains that Emilio lacks an education equal to his own .
To have a general speak to you is not something to be desired .
They can hand out death like a party favor .
The general suggests he should write about drug people .
Emilio says he does not know any and besides they frighten him .
“ So , you do n’t know them and you fear them , ” the general bristles .
“ You should fear us for we fuck the fucking drug traffickers , you son of a whore .
I feel like putting you in the van and taking you to the mountains so you can see how we fuck over the drug traffickers , asshole . ”
The guards surround him , he can see his son in the truck about 15 yards away , and the boy looks very frightened .
Then people walking past the hotel greet Emilio and he thinks this is what saves him from a beating .
He grovels , apologizes profusely to the general .
“ You ’ve written idiocies three times and there shall be no fourth .
You ’d better not mention this meeting or you ’ll be sent to hell , asshole . ”
The colonel tells him he is under surveillance “ and should not fuck up . ”
Then , he is dismissed .
He gets back in his truck and his son asks what is going on .
He says , “ They want to kidnap me . ”
He drives aimlessly , and finally calls his boss at the paper who tells him , “ This is serious .
This is a problem . ”
He decides his only chance at safety is making the threats known .
He publishes a third - person account of the incident , and files a complaint with the public safety minister in Nuevo Casas Grandes who warns him , “ You better think it over carefully because it is very dangerous getting involved with the military . ”
But he is building a paper record to try to save himself .
He files a complaint against General García Vega and Colonel Martínez Piedra and the soldiers with the National Commission of Human Rights .
Three months later the state police begin an investigation that goes nowhere .
The representative of the human rights commission proposes a conciliatory act between him and the military .
The proposed act is never defined and Emilio knows there will be no reconciliation .
So Emilio does not write anything unseemly about the Army again ; he hears no evil and sees no evil .
For example , on February 13 , 2008 , he notes in an unbylined story that “ heavily armed commandos ” ( Emilio now estimates a convoy of 700 men and 100 vehicles ) swept the area from Palomas down to Casas Grandes .
In Ascensión they ransack the house of Emilio ’s friend , a guy who runs a pizza parlor .
The friend is given the ley fuga , the traditional game of the military where they let you run and if you can dodge the bullets , you live .
His friend is mowed down in the street in front of his home .
That night 20 people vanish from the area and only one ever returns , a Chilean engineer who is saved by his embassy .
The others simply cease to exist .
But then memory can be a very short - term thing here .
Within an hour or two of a killing , there is no one left to describe the murder .
In a day , it is a dim memory .
In a few days , it is beyond recall except when talking in private to the closest friends and family .
This loss of memory is not because of cowardice .
It is the wisdom that comes with survival .
Emilio knows that the Mexican Army is the only force capable of carrying out a coordinated operation of this kind .
In the story he mentions “ armed commandos ” sweeping the area , a term that to savvy readers means Army and to everyone else indicates a cartel action .
That is how an honest reporter tries to avoid becoming a dead reporter .
He puts it out of his mind .
BUT THE ARMY has a long memory .
After midnight , on May 5 , 2008 , Emilio awakens to a loud knocking on the door of his home .
Fifty soldiers raid the house .
Emilio screams , “ Press , the press from El Diario , ” and a soldier says , “ Hands up , asshole .
On the ground ! ”
They tell him they are looking for guns and drugs , and separate him from his stunned son .
When they leave , the commander advises him , “ Behave well and follow our suggestions . ”
On June 14 , he steps out of his house and waters his small garden of squash , cantaloupe , watermelon , and cucumbers .
He has a pear tree , also an apricot tree , and three rosebushes blooming pink and red .
He is going to make his son breakfast , a task he enjoys .
It is a Saturday .
He notices five guys in a green pickup 70 yards away that look like soldiers and they are watching him .
Then , they cruise slowly past him .
A while later , they come back but this time in a white vehicle .
And they park and watch his house .
But there is a store down the block where the soldiers come to buy cocaine and so he thinks just maybe their presence has nothing to do with him .
He is entering a place he will only recognize later : denial .
After all , he has behaved properly .
Local drug people have offered him money not to mention the tiendas selling cocaine .
He ’s told them , “ Do n’t worry .
You do n’t have to pay me .
I am not going to write about them . ”
Besides , he knows the Army and the police are both involved , so whom is he going to inform ?
Instead , he ’s picked up extra money by writing publicity releases and selling ads for the newspaper .
But he knows , “ The hardest part of the job is survive on the salary .
That is why the sobres exist . ”
It has been years since he completely trusted anyone he works with .
He goes inside and makes machaca with eggs for his boy .
He tells his son that he is going to his office and that he should keep an eye on the house .
He reads the papers at his desk , then goes three blocks to the police station to talk to a drunk the police have arrested , the usual small moments of a small - town newspaper .
Outside , the green pickup is back .
He leaves his office around noon and stops by a friend ’s welding shop .
This time a white vehicle is trailing him .
Now he is worried , so he and his friend go to a bodega , buy some beers , and return to the shop .
There is a place nearby where people buy cocaine and he sees a soldier from the green pickup go in there and then come out .
Emilio goes home , takes his son to church , and returns to his friend ’s shop .
After a while he goes out to the bodega again and now the white car is back .
Upset , he calls his friend , and tells him to come around to the back of the bodega .
He escapes and his friend takes him back to his house .
After church , his son heads to the plaza with friends .
Emilio stays at his friend ’s and around eight o’clock a woman calls and says , “ Emilio , I have to see you right now .
Where are you ?
I ca n’t talk over the phone . ”
She comes over and tells him she is dating a soldier and the military people all talk about how they are going to kill him .
She is crying .
She says , “ Emilio , you have to leave now .
They are going to kill you . ”
Emilio and the woman go to collect his son , then flee to a small ranch about six miles west of Ascensión .
He is terrified .
Later that night a friend takes him to his house .
He wears a big straw hat , slips low in the seat .
He sneaks into the house and gets vital documents .
All day Sunday Emilio tries to think of a way to save his life and comes up with only one answer : flight .
No matter where he goes in Mexico he will have to find a job and use his identity cards and the Army will track him down .
He now knows they will never forgive his stories from 2005 , that he can not be redeemed .
He tells his boy , “ We are not going back to our house .
The soldiers may kill me and I do n’t want to leave you alone . ”
Monday morning he drives north very fast .
He takes all his legal papers so that he can prove who he is .
He expects asylum from the government of the United States .
WHAT HE GETS is this :
He is immediately jailed , as is his son .
They are separated .
He is taken to El Paso and placed in a US Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center run by Deco , Inc .
He is deloused , given a blue jumpsuit , and set to work scrubbing floors for a dollar a day .
He is denied bond , and no hearing is scheduled .
Had he entered the United States illegally and then asked for asylum , he would be eligible for bond .
But since he entered legally and asked for asylum at the port of entry he is kept in prison because the Department of Homeland Security declares that Emilio has failed to prove that he “ would not pose a danger to the community . ”
He remembers those moments he loved : making his son ’s breakfast , washing his son ’s clothes .
Now he can do nothing for him .
Emilio cries a lot .
He remembers all those bribes , all those sobres , he refused for years .
He thinks , “ If I had taken bribes I would n’t be here in prison . ”
Instead , he is surrounded by 800 prisoners — Africans , Middle Eastern people , Indians , Russians , and of course Central Americans and Mexicans , swept up in the increasing ICE raids .
“ The Mexicans , ” he says , “ are treated the worst .
The staff curses us and calls us rats , narcos , and criminals .
The work of the prison is done by the Mexicans and Central Americans .
It is ironic — the illegals are arrested for working at real jobs in the US and then they get put in prison and are made to work for nothing . ”
For a month , he can not speak to his son .
He is tormented by the fear that older boys might molest him .
The prison officials refuse to tell him anything .
Finally , he gets a 10 - minute phone call .
The boy says he is doing okay .
Emilio tells him they will not be able to go back to Mexico .
He can sense his son is bitter ; he has lost his home , his friends , even his dog .
Emilio wants to hug him and kiss him as he did each day at home .
The prison is haunted by a Cuban ghost .
Twenty years before , it is said , the man hung himself with a bedsheet .
And now at night , sometimes all the showers come on , or the toilets are emptied of water .
Prisoners say that security cameras see the Cuban in the library in the middle of the night reading .
There are sounds of a guitar playing .
The ghost is a message that tells Emilio what the prison can do to a man .
Emilio ’s lawyer explains that asylum will be difficult , but allowing himself to be deported back to Mexico will be fatal .
The lawyer says , “ Maybe the United States does not want you but we know Mexico does not want you .
Think of your son . ”
He does .
And after a few months , Emilio ’s son is released to friends in El Paso .
He tells his father not to give up .
He tells the press , “ I really miss him and I miss my home too , but for me , my dad is more important .
Because if something happens to him , I think that I would die .
Because he is the only person I have and I love him more than anyone in the world . ”
At the end of January 2009 , nine days after President Obama is sworn in , Emilio Gutiérrez Soto is suddenly released .
When they call him to the office , he assumes he is being shipped to another prison in the American gulag .
His lawyer also had no indication of the release .
He is reunited with his son .
His first hearing is postponed , and it could be again , because the US government loves postponing such hearings in the hope that migrants will give up and go back home .
Emilio cannot work because the US government has yet to give him a work permit .
But Emilio is a creature of hope .
He has faith in the new administration because “ the race Obama belongs to has been enslaved .
I think he shares this history of discrimination with Latinos .
And he will realize the huge human rights abuses in Mexico .
There are thousands of people like me here .
There are thousands of abandoned homes in Juárez alone .
If I am sent back to Mexico , I might live a day or a few years .
The Army may kill me immediately or wait for my case to grow cold . ”
In the meantime , Emilio sits in the sun and tries to teach me Mexico as it is today .
“ Mexicans , ” he explains , “ know the Army is a bunch of brutes .
But what is going on now is a coup d’etat by the Army .
The president is illegitimate .
The Army has installed itself .
They have become the government .
They are installed in all the state governments .
They control the municipal police .
They are everywhere but the ministry of education — after all , they are too illiterate to run that .
The president has his hands tied and he has tied them . ”
But there is another way of looking at the facts on that ground that is un-Mexican with its fetish of a pyramid of power going back to the Aztec emperors , and un-American with our conviction that every place is kind of like our nation only with unsafe water and spicy food .
Maybe , the center no longer holds .
In the last 10 years , since the death of Amado Carrillo Fuentes , head of the Juárez cartel and first among equals in the drug world , the industry has fragmented into independent baronies and smaller outlaw bands .
Since the collapse of the PRI , the ruling party that lasted more than 70 years , Mexico ’s civil society has also fragmented , with power leaving the capital and recombining with the narcogangs .
The Army , the largest gang , is not attempting to seize the bankrupt and withering state , but grabbing market share in a place whose two largest industries are supplying American drug habits and exporting millions of people .
Cartels once imposed constraint of trade .
But like soda - pop CEOs , the generals now angle to increase their share of the skyrocketing domestic drug market .
And of course , the United States finances this move , via the Mérida Initiative , in the delusion that it is shoring up a republic south of the Rio Grande .
We are staring into the future but using old prescription glasses .
Murderous cholos on the corner in Juárez and troops marauding and robbing in the disguise of a Mexican drug war may be writing the future while President Obama and President Calderón wander in their bunkers of power , and cling to the fantasies of the ancien régime .
CARLOS SPECTOR , Emilio ’s lawyer , is a man on fire .
He is 55 , red haired , big , El Paso born , a Mexican American Jew .
He has built an immigration practice .
His childhood was divided between El Paso and Juárez .
In his 20s , he moved to Israel under the Law of Return and lived on a kibbutz .
But eventually , the border claimed him .
He has been looking for a case like Emilio ’s for years , a case of a clean Mexican reporter seeking political asylum from the government of the United States .
Now he thinks he has it and that he can make American law face the reality of Mexico .
To gain political asylum , applicants must prove they have been persecuted or have a well - founded fear of persecution because of their political opinion or an “ immutable characteristic ” such as race , religion , or nationality .
When it comes to people fleeing Mexico , the United States has quibbled with claims of immutability , telling Mexican cops running from the cartels that they should just stop being a cop , move to another part of Mexico , become a plumber .
But Emilio ca n’t hide from the Army .
Those three stories he filed in 2005 , the opinions therein , they created an immutable impression on the Army .
After that he apologized .
He ceased writing anything bad about the Army even when he witnessed them killing people in his town in February 2008 .
None of this helped .
When the Army swept the area again a few months later , they came after him .
Spector says , “ The concept of revenge is part of the Mexican political system .
Emilio has insulted the institution and it has an incredible memory .
The only thing worse he could do , he has done also — to leave the country and denounce it from the US side of the border . ”
Almost a month after his release , on February 20 , 2009 , Emilio held a press conference at the University of Texas - El Paso with Jorge Luis Aguirre , the creator of a website of gossip and news in Juárez who has also fled for his life , and Gustavo de la Rosa Hickerson , the supervising attorney for the State Committee of Human Rights in Chihuahua .
They are forming an organization , Periodistas Mexicanos en Exilio , Mexican Journalists in Exile ( PEMEXX — a play on PEMEX , the national oil company ) .
They all say the same thing : that the Mexican Army is terrorizing the nation and killing people out of hand .
Aguirre was on his way to the funeral of a reporter murdered in Juárez when he received a call on his cell phone saying he would be next .
He promptly fled to El Paso .
One reporter at the press conference asks him if he will also apply for asylum , and he answers that he has to think carefully about it since Emilio was jailed for seven months for doing so .
And then Spector says , “ This is precisely the reason we formed this organization .
Jorge ’s fear is legitimate .
This was part of the Bush administration ’s Guantanamization of the refugee process .
By locking people up , especially Mexican asylum applicants , and making them , through a war of attrition , give up their claims .
I ’ve represented ten cops seeking asylum and not one of them lasted longer than two months .
Emilio lasted seven months .
On the basis of he had his son , and he knew he was going to be killed .
There was nowhere that he could go . ”
EMILIO GUTIÉRREZ SOTO and his attorney Carlos Spector sit inside the sanctuary of the United States but the violence of Mexico never lets up .
On Tuesday , March 3 , four Mexican soldiers visit a friend of Carlos ’ in Juárez and hand him a photograph .
He does not yet know it , but at that instant , Carlos moves from knowing Mexico to feeling its breath on the back of his neck .
In the photo , Carlos is wearing a blue suit and entering the El Paso County Courthouse .
The photograph was taken the previous Thursday .
The soldiers say , “ Your friend is a criminal and we are looking for him .
Tell him to get ahold of us . ”
Outside , more men wait in a Hummer .
Carlos gets the call from his friend and falls into his new life .
He spent half his childhood living in Juárez .
He moves freely and easily in two worlds .
And now this seamless web is slashed in half .
He must think , he decides .
So he drives to one of El Paso ’s many Starbucks and has a cup of coffee .
He looks out the window and notices two Ford Expeditions full of men and then he remembers them behind him in traffic as he drove over .
He leaves and in his rearview mirror he sees the men in the Expeditions .
He executes a sharp U and suddenly he is behind the Fords .
They bolt but not before he sees the Chihuahua license plates .
He is learning new facts .
His problem is representing Emilio Gutiérrez Soto .
And his problem is real .
His friend in Juárez flees with his family to a distant part of Mexico .
And Carlos can no longer have the life he once enjoyed .
He fortifies his house ; he starts his car by remote control , standing at a distance .
“ It feels like an out - of - body experience , ” he says .
He has joined his client and they live in a place beyond courts and laws and the illusions of the United States of America .
He has become a Mexican , body and soul .
Emilio says , “ Carlos is now an exile , also . ”
The attorneys at Gross & Patterson , LLC help people get out of debt and gain control over their bills .
We help businesses and families escape from the burden of debt and move on , free of debt , and free of the stress .
We can help you eliminate your credit card bills , medical bills , foreclosures , wage garnishments , and creditor harassment .
We can help you keep your home , your car , your wages , your furniture and your peace of mind .
Your needs are our priority .
We will promptly answer your questions and clearly present your options so you can make the best decision for your situation .
PHILADELPHIA —
A suburban Philadelphia school district used school - issued laptop webcams to spy on students at home , potentially catching them and their families in compromising situations , a family claims in a federal lawsuit .
Officials at the school district can activate webcams on the computers without students ' knowledge or permission , the lawsuit alleges .
Plaintiffs Michael and Holly Robbins suspect the cameras captured students and family members as they undressed and in other embarrassing situations , according to the suit .
Lower Merion School District officials said the laptops " contain a security feature intended to track lost , stolen and missing laptops , " and that the feature was deactivated Thursday .
" We can categorically state that we are and have always been committed to protecting the privacy of our students , " he said .
Tom Halpern , a 15 - year - old sophomore from Wynnewood , said students are " pretty disgusted " and have started putting masking tape over their computer webcams and microphones .
" This is just bogus , " Halpern said .
" I just think it 's really despicable that they have the ability to just watch me all the time . "
The accusations amount to potentially illegal electronic wiretapping , said Witold J. Walczak , legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Pennsylvania , which is not involved in the case .
" School officials cannot , any more than police , enter into the home either electronically or physically without an invitation or a warrant , " Walczak said .
A school district statement released late Thursday said the tracking feature would not be reactivated " without express written notification to all students and families . "
The affluent district prides itself on its technology initiatives , which include giving laptops to each of the approximately 2,300 students at its two high schools .
Superintendent Christopher W. McGinley did not immediately return a message left Thursday by The Associated Press .
The Robbinses said they learned of the alleged webcam images when Lindy Matsko , an assistant high school principal , told their son that school officials thought he had engaged in improper behavior at home .
The behavior was not specified in the suit .
Matsko " cited as evidence a photograph from the webcam embedded in minor plaintiff 's personal laptop issued by the school district , " the lawsuit states .
Matsko later confirmed to Michael Robbins that the school had the ability to activate the webcams remotely , according to the lawsuit , which was filed Tuesday and which seeks class - action status .
The Robbinses declined to speak with an Associated Press reporter at their home Thursday .
Their lawyer , Mark S. Haltzman , did not return messages .
The U.S. Supreme Court reaffirmed the privacy of the home when it ruled in 2001 that police could not , without a warrant , use thermal imaging equipment outside a home to see if heat lamps were being used inside to grow marijuana .
Technology or no , Supreme Court precedents draw " a firm line at the entrance to the house , " Justice Antonin Scalia wrote , quoting an earlier case .
1. I am here with Evan Phoenix of the Rubinius project and EngineYard and you guys had some very good news for the community recently , right ?
Yes .
We just announced that we are doing our RC1 release , 1.0 RC1 , so we are really excited we are finally at this point where Rubinius is complete enough , it 's fast enough , that we really feel that people should start playing around with it and using it in their test environments and migrating hopefully to production .
2 . How does the performance of Rubinius compare to the major platforms ?
That is sort of the big thing we are working on .
In a lot of cases it 's sort of " hit or miss " depending on what the operations are .
There is a lot of cases where Rubinius is a lot faster , there are some cases that it 's a little slower and there are some cases that it 's a lot slower .
The idea is probably we are sort of building up our own benchmark suite that we are trying to get sort of on parity with 1.8 , at least , before the big things , things like Rails benchmarks and all that kind of stuff .
We are trying to hit at least the 1.8 performance , that is the general idea .
3 . Are there any glaring performance problems as relates to Rails around IO or things that could be important to Rails apps ?
Yes .
We have n't done a lot of socket optimizations , lot of IO optimizations which obviously you are going to hit a lot during stuff inside rack .
From the other side in terms of things that we do better that Rails can use , we spent a lot of time doing a lot of String optimizations so that Rails are doing a lot in order to generate responses and all that kind of things .
So just the dynamic features of Rails of the times can get in the way of some optimizations , but for the most part it 's been pretty getting it complete enough for all the nooks and crannies that Rails happens to use .
4 . There is this thing called RVM , does Rubinius play nicely with that ?
Yes , Wayne has kind of been cranking on it and he showed up in the Rubinius irc channel in one day and said : " Why do n't I make it work with Rubinius ? " and we 've been working kind of closely with him the last couple of weeks .
5 . So that is close , but not quite there ?
Yes .
You can do that right now .
He 's got it in the release , it 's out right now , you can do RVM install Rubinius , and right now the JIT is n't compiled in by default , but it 's on by default if it 's compiled in .
So you have to do RVM install Rubinius -- jit to actually compile the JIT in .
6 . What is a JIT for some that might not know ?
The JIT is basically a way of taking the Ruby code and compiling it down to machine code , at the runtime when you actually need to run it .
So normally inside a high level language like Ruby you 'd implement an interpreter which is just ' read operations and perform them ' .
The JIT allows us to read those operations sort of statically , compile them out to machine code and then run that machine code right away .
It 's a way of taking the performance of Ruby to the next plateau .
7 . Where does that put it in terms of the evolution of other dynamic languages , does it put it on par or ahead of them ?
It puts us probably ahead of Python ; Python does n't really have any kind of JIT research that goes on right now .
They 've had one sort of stalled ; they have one right now that is called Unladen Swallow that is sort of similar to Rubinius .
They are working with LLVM to make a JIT for Python .
Other dynamic languages , like Smalltalk , is right up there in terms of the evolution that the way they went .
Smalltalk JITs just have existed for 10 - 15 years , at least , and this is sort of the path they all take .
In terms of the performance of Ruby with the JIT versus other languages I would expect it to be right up there now with the JIT turned on , but that is something that we have to look at specifically .
8 . Is Rubinius a feature of the Ruby platform as far as you 're concerned ?
I hope it 's a vital player in it .
We are doing a lot of things that a lot of people have talked about doing for a long time that we are finally sort of bringing to fruition .
I definitely see there is a lot of potential for the direction that we are taking it .
9 . Rubinius gives the developer a lot more knowledge about what is going on in the internals of Ruby , right ?
Yes , that is one big thing that we 've had since the beginning of the project .
We wanted to write as much of it in Ruby and therefore make as much of it expressible to the user .
The bytecode compiler for Rubinius is all written in Ruby ; the user can actually go in and add to it or kind of tweak it to do whatever they need to do .
11 . So what 's in the immediate future , in a couple of months , as RC 1 is released ?
RC1 comes out next week [ Note : this was taped at RubyConf 2009 ] and then we are planning on doing RC releases every month as we sort of stamp down 1.0 , getting closer to that 1.8 performance goal and getting as close as we can to the full release 1.0 .
We have some specific applications that we are trying to make sure run smoothly for RC 1 and all the other RCs and then the idea of an RC1 is to tell people : " Hey , it 's ok now to basically file bugs that my gem does n't work " .
I really hope that our ticket load goes sort of through the roof , because that tells us now : " Before we 've had 50 tickets , now we have 500 ; how do we want to subdivide these , we need to categorize them and then basically break them up by RC " .
In my opinion that is a lot of work but that is really the best case scenario , because that lets us know what the community needs us to do .
12 . So if the community is reacting that way and giving you a lot of tickets to work on do you expect needing a lot more people to actually contribute to the project ?
I do n't know , time will tell .
The nice thing with the tickets in the system is that if we have those tickets ' I try to do XYZ and it does n't work ' , we 've got a pretty big developer community that I sort of encourage them at any time if someone found that 's something real trivial , fix it , commit it , be done with it , let 's go on .
The British media are outraged that Tony Blair still does not regret toppling Saddam Hussein .
Pundits from left and right are aghast that the former premier , testifying at yet another Iraq war inquiry on Friday , offered no apology for his role in deposing a man who had repeatedly invaded his neighbors and massacred his own people by the hundreds of thousands .
We 're not sure what real purpose the so - called Chilcot Commission — named for its chairman , retired civil servant John Chilcot — is ...
How We Drive is the companion blog to Tom Vanderbilt ’s New York Times bestselling book , Traffic : Why We Drive the Way We Do ( and What It Says About Us ) , published by Alfred A. Knopf in the U.S. and Canada , Penguin in the U.K , and in languages other than English by a number of other fine publishers worldwide .
Please send tips , news , research papers , links , photos ( bad road signs , outrageous bumper stickers , spectacularly awful acts of driving or parking or anything traffic - related ) , or ideas for my Slate.com Transport column to me at : info@howwedrive.com .
For publicity inquiries , please contact Kate Runde at Vintage : krunde@randomhouse.com .
For editorial inquiries , please contact Zoe Pagnamenta at The Zoe Pagnamenta Agency : zoe@zpagency.com .
For speaking engagement inquiries , please contact
Kim Thornton at the Random House Speakers Bureau : rhspeakers@randomhouse.com .
Order Traffic from :
Amazon | B&N | Borders
Random House | Powell’s
Deploy A Free , Ruby Powered Blog In 5 Minutes with Toto and Heroku
By Peter Cooper
Toto ( GitHub repo ) is a new lightweight Ruby and Rack - based blogging engine designed specifically for " hackers " by Alexis Sellier .
Content is managed entirely through Git - so everything is version controlled - and articles are stored as text files with embedded YAML metadata .
At only 300 lines , it 's easy to hack to your own taste , too .
Alexis has decided to push
Toto by demonstrating how easy it is to deploy - for free - on the Heroku platform .
You can literally get a blog up on Heroku within 5 minutes , even if you have n't already got a Heroku account ( I just tried it ) .
How To Do It
Here are the basic steps :
Sign up for an account at Heroku.com - all you have to do is provide an e-mail address , validate it , then enter a password .
gem install heroku
git clone git://github.com/cloudhead/dorothy.git your - blog-dir
cd your - blog- dir
heroku create
Use the URL returned by heroku create and add a line in to the Toto :: Server.new block in config .ru like : set :url , ' http://your.heroku.url.here'
and add a line in to the block in like : git commit - am " Added URL "
git push heroku master
You 're live !
It 's that simple - I just tried it ( see http://furious-fire-87.heroku.com for a live demo ) !
Beyond this stage , you need to check out Toto 's documentation and actually add some posts to your Toto install , customize the template , and what not .
If you 're interested in lightweight systems like Toto , check out Scanty and Jekyll ( which includes a blog - like system but at heart is designed to cope with full sites ) .
Tiger Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren , rides next to Woods after winning the US Open championship at Torrey Pines Golf Course
Three of the women whose names have been associated with Tiger Woods in recent weeks - Kalika Moquin ( left ) , Rachel Uchitel ( centre ) and 24 - year - old cocktail waitress Jaimee Grubbs
United States Ryder Cup team player Tiger Woods and his wife Elin leave at the end of the opening ceremony for the 2006 Ryder Cup
LOS ANGELES , CA - FEBRUARY 3 : Former adult film actress Veronica Siwik - Daniels ( aka Joslyn James ) , who claims to have had a long - term intimate relationship with golf icon Tiger Woods , takes her seat near an drawing of a golf ball with her face on it at a press conference at the offices of attorney Gloria Allred on February 3 , 2010 in Los Angeles , California .
Allred and Siwik - Daniels are calling for the end of the production of golf balls bearing an image of Siwik in the product series , " Tail of the Tiger - The Mistress Collection " .
Allred argues that putting the face of a woman on a ball which golfers hit with full force could result in marks on the image that might resemble bruises and may lead to inappropriate jokes about hitting women .
James says that she loved Woods and had reason to believe that he loved her .
She has been in seclusion and has not talked to the press until now .
( Photo by David McNew / Getty Images )
LOS ANGELES , CA - FEBRUARY 3 : Attorney Gloria
Allred uses a golf golf cut - out to simulate how a club hitting a ball with the face of a woman could leave marks that look like bruises during a press conference with former adult film actress Veronica Siwik - Daniels ( aka Joslyn James ) , who claims to have had a long - term intimate relationship with golf icon Tiger Woods , at the offices of Allred on February 3 , 2010 in Los Angeles , California .
Allred and Siwik - Daniels are calling for the end of the production of golf balls bearing an image of Siwik in the product series , " Tail of the Tiger - The Mistress Collection " .
Allred argues that putting the face of a woman on a ball which golfers hit with full force could result in marks on the image that might resemble bruises and may lead to inappropriate jokes about hitting women .
James says that she loved Woods and had reason to believe that he loved her .
She has been in seclusion and has not talked to the press until now .
( Photo by David McNew / Getty Images )
LOS ANGELES , CA - FEBRUARY 3 : Attorney Gloria Allred ( R ) leads former adult film actress Veronica Siwik - Daniels ( aka Joslyn James ) , who claims to have had a long - term intimate relationship with golf icon Tiger Woods , near a picture of a golf ball bearing the face of a woman as the leave a press conference at the offices of Allred on February 3 , 2010 in Los Angeles , California .
Allred and Siwik - Daniels are calling for the end of the production of golf balls bearing an image of Siwik in the product series , " Tail of the Tiger - The Mistress Collection " .
Allred argues that putting the face of a woman on a ball which golfers hit with full force could result in marks on the image that might resemble bruises and may lead to inappropriate jokes about hitting women .
James says that she loved Woods and had reason to believe that he loved her .
She has been in seclusion and has not talked to the press until now .
( Photo by David McNew / Getty Images )
LOS ANGELES , CA - FEBRUARY 3 : Attorney Gloria
Allred uses a golf golf cut - out to simulate how a club hitting a ball with the face of a woman could leave marks that look like bruises during a press conference with former adult film actress Veronica Siwik - Daniels ( aka Joslyn James ) , who claims to have had a long - term intimate relationship with golf icon Tiger Woods , at the offices of Allred on February 3 , 2010 in Los Angeles , California .
Allred and Siwik - Daniels are calling for the end of the production of golf balls bearing an image of Siwik in the product series , " Tail of the Tiger - The Mistress Collection " .
Allred argues that putting the face of a woman on a ball which golfers hit with full force could result in marks on the image that might resemble bruises and may lead to inappropriate jokes about hitting women .
James says that she loved Woods and had reason to believe that he loved her .
She has been in seclusion and has not talked to the press until now .
( Photo by David McNew / Getty Images )
LOS ANGELES , CA - FEBRUARY 3 : Attorney Gloria
Allred uses a golf golf cut - out to simulate how a club hitting a ball with the face of a woman could leave marks that look like bruises during a press conference with former adult film actress Veronica Siwik - Daniels ( aka Joslyn James ) , who claims to have had a long - term intimate relationship with golf icon Tiger Woods , at the offices of Allred on February 3 , 2010 in Los Angeles , California .
Allred and Siwik - Daniels are calling for the end of the production of golf balls bearing an image of Siwik in the product series , " Tail of the Tiger - The Mistress Collection " .
Allred argues that putting the face of a woman on a ball which golfers hit with full force could result in marks on the image that might resemble bruises and may lead to inappropriate jokes about hitting women .
James says that she loved Woods and had reason to believe that he loved her .
She has been in seclusion and has not talked to the press until now .
( Photo by David McNew / Getty Images )
LOS ANGELES , CA - FEBRUARY 3 : Former adult film actress Veronica Siwik - Daniels ( aka Joslyn James ) , who claims to have had a long - term intimate relationship with golf icon Tiger Woods , appears at a press conference at the offices of attorney Gloria Allred on February 3 , 2010 in Los Angeles , California .
Allred and Siwik - Daniels are calling for the end of the production of golf balls bearing an image of Siwik in the product series , " Tail of the Tiger - The Mistress Collection " .
Allred argues that putting the face of a woman on a ball which golfers hit with full force could result in marks on the image that might resemble bruises and may lead to inappropriate jokes about hitting women .
James says that she loved Woods and had reason to believe that he loved her .
She has been in seclusion and has not talked to the press until now .
( Photo by David McNew / Getty Images ) *** Local Caption *** Veronica Siwik - Daniels
Former porn star Joslyn James , whose real name is Veronica Siwik - Daniels , has lashed out at a Canadian company for making golf balls featuring images of Tiger Woods ' alleged mistresses .
At news conference in Los Angeles Daniels , 39 , said : " I have come forward today because I feel that it is wrong for a golf ball to have my picture on it , because golfers hit their balls with a lot of force . "
" As a victim of violence myself , it bothered me to think that someone would be standing with a dangerous club hitting balls with my face on them , " she said .
" I do n't think that Tiger Woods would want my picture on a golf ball and I know that I do n't . "
Ms Daniels lawyer said : " We have pointed out that encouraging golfers to use clubs to hit a woman 's face that is portrayed on a golf ball is a dangerous and reprehensible act because it encourages violence against women . "
Creator Mike Caldwell , 63 , owner of Creative Classics , said the claims were frivolous and the allegations have " no basis at all . "
Caldwell said he has been swamped with orders for the collection - claiming to have sold $ 40,000 worth of balls in three days .
" It 's been crazy .
Over 2,000 people from 17 countries have placed orders .
One order from Japan was for $ 15,000 ! "
Caldwell sells a set of 12 for $ 44.95 and a ' display ' set for $ 50 .
" Those are for the person who wants to put their balls on the mantel , " he said .
Belfast Telegraph
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) -
An iceberg the size of Luxembourg has broken off from a glacier in Antarctica after being rammed by another giant iceberg , scientists said on Friday , in an event that could affect ocean circulation patterns .
A aerial view of the Mertz Glacier tongue breaking off from a glacier in Antarctica after being rammed by another giant iceberg , February 20 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Neal Young / Australian Antarctic Division
The 2,500 sq km ( 965 sq mile ) iceberg broke off earlier this month from the Mertz Glacier ’s 160 km ( 100 miles ) floating tongue of ice that sticks out into the Southern Ocean .
The collision has since halved the size of the tongue that drains ice from the vast East Antarctic ice sheet .
“ The calving itself has n’t been directly linked to climate change but it is related to the natural processes occurring on the ice sheet , ” said Rob Massom , a senior scientist at the Australian Antarctic Division and the Antarctic Climate and Ecosystems Cooperative Research Centre in Hobart , Tasmania .
Both organisations , along with French scientists , have been studying existing giant cracks in the ice tongue and monitored the bumper - car - like collision by the second iceberg , B - 9B .
This 97 km long slab of ice is a remnant of an iceberg of more than 5,000 sq km that broke off , or calved , in 1987 , making it one of the largest icebergs ever recorded in Antarctica .
The Mertz glacier iceberg is among the largest recorded for several years .
In 2002 , a iceberg about 200 km long broke off from Antarctica ’s Ross Ice Shelf .
In 2007 , a iceberg roughly the size of Singapore broke off from the Pine Island Glacier in West Antarctica .
Massom said the shearing off of the ice tongue and the presence of the Mertz and B - 9B icebergs could affect global ocean circulation .
The area is an important zone for the creation of dense , salty water that is a key driver of global ocean circulation .
This is produced in part through the rapid production of sea ice that is continually blown to the west .
“ Removal of this tongue of floating ice would reduce the size of that area of open water , which would slow down the rate of salinity input into the ocean and it could slow down this rate of Antarctic bottom water formation , ” he said .
He said there was a risk both icebergs would become grounded on banks or shoals in the area , disrupting the creation of the dense , salty water and the amount that sinks to the bottom of the ocean , he said .
Oceans act like a giant flywheel for the planet ’s climate by shifting heat around the globe via myriad currents above and below the surface .
( all charms come with free necklaces )
Everyone loves walking into a bakery filled with colourful cupcakes .
Here is a batch of tiny delicious cream cheese frosted cupcakes :)
These sugary treats are swirled to perfection with the
brightest colours to add a touch of sweetness to your day !
( Custom colours and combinations are welcome ! )
Gen . David Petraeus was asked about “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” on Meet the Press and spent the bulk of the time praising the yearlong review process that will determine if the ban on gay and lesbian troops serving openly in the military should be lifted .
Petraeus , commander of U.S. Central Command , stopped short of saying whether or not he felt “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell should be overturned and said he was n’t sure how the majority of soldiers felt .
“ We have experienced certainly in the FBI and the CIA ... I know .
I ’ve served in combat with individuals who were gay and who were lesbian in combat situations , and frankly , over time , you say , ‘ How is his shooting ? ’ or , ‘ How is her analysis ? ’ ” he said .
Watch the video here .
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
" Ein Augenblick der Wahrheit " lautet der Titel einer kostenlosen Studie der dänischen Firma Strand Consult , die populäre Meinungen über das iPhone korrigieren soll .
Dazu gehört etwa die These , Apples Smartphone habe den Mobilfunkunternehmen neue Kunden und höhere Umsätze beschert .
Die Reaktionen auf das Papier waren vermutlich heftig .
Jedenfalls haben sie das Unternehmen veranlasst , eine psychologische Betrachtung anzustellen .
In ihr kommt es zu der Schlussfolgerung , iPhone - Fans zeigten Symptome des Stockholm - Syndroms .
Dieses Phänomen äußert sich darin , dass Opfer einer Entführung oder Geiselnahme sich mit ihren Entführern solidarisieren .
Der Name geht auf einen Banküberfall mit Geiselnahme in Stockholm 1973 zurück .
In ihrem Text führt Strand Consult 20 Mängel des iPhones auf , die dessen Anhänger ihrer Meinung nach nicht wahrnehmen wollen .
Dazu gehören unter anderem das Fehlen von Java und MMS - Versand , die Unmöglichkeit des Akkuwechsels sowie die Kontrolle Apples über die auf dem Gerät installierbaren Anwendungen .
i Phone - Anhänger verteidigten Apple gegen Kritik an diesen Defekten ähnlich wie die Stockholmer Gefangenen ihre Geiselnehmer , argumentieren die Berater . ( ck )
Tennis is one of the popular outdoor sports with a little cost required to get started .
You are just going to enjoy meeting new friends and play the game with different sexes .
The first thing you need to know is the tennis apparel , keeping in mind that there are men’sRead More …
Boosting signals from ET ( Image : TED / James Duncan Davidson )
FRANK DRAKE , the founder of the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence ( SETI ) , wants to take the search for aliens further : about 82 billion kilometres away , in fact .
At this point in space , electromagnetic signals from planets orbiting distant stars would be focused by the gravitational lensing effect of our sun , making them , in theory , more easily detected .
Drake wants to send spacecraft there in a bid to overhear alien communications , which would be too faint for telescopes on Earth to detect .
It ’s neither a new or original idea , but it has never taken off because of the distances involved . …
.
Try first ?
The traditional Dutch Hay Slow Cooker is a wooden chest lined with cotton bags filled with hay .
Both wood and hay are insulating .
Anything that keeps a person or a home warm can work as a pot insulation : hay , a blanket , a sleeping bag , crumpled newspaper , crumpled tissue paper , corrugated cardboard , wool , rags , a cooler , etc .
If you want to try first before making one yourself , wrap your hot pot in a blanket or sleeping bag and see how it works .
Requirements for your own design
1. Fit
The pot or pots should fit inside the Hay Slow Cooker so as to touch the wadding loosely from all sides .
The wadding should be soft and loose like a pillow , not packed or stretched tightly .
2 . Heat resistant inside
Before making the version of the Hay Slow Cooker described here , I sat a hot pot of pink beans overnight on a bean bag filled with polystyrene pearls , and wrapped it in unlined synthetic wadding used for clothing .
The pink beans were great , soft enough for a toothless baby .
However , the polystyrene pearls in the bean bag had slightly clotted , and the synthetic wadding at the bottom of the pot had melted into clumps .
This taught me that the materials touching the pot , and especially the bottom which is hottest , should be heat - resistant .
So be careful before spoiling your favourite sleeping bag in a trial !
Natural materials , such as cotton or linen fabric , and hay or wool wadding work best for the inside .
3. Avoid spilling
A hot pot filled with liquid is not the easiest thing to wrap in a blanket or place in a small box without spilling .
In my first trial , I spilled some liquid as I was wrestling with the heavy pot and the synthetic wadding .
A wet spot will act as a heat conductor instead of insulating .
Whatever design you develop for a slow cooker , try to make placing the pot in it as easy as possible , in order to avoid heat loss due to spillage .
4 . The outside
The outside container of the wadding could be synthetic such as a plastic cooler , or a cardboard box lined with polystyrene plates .
The outside could be rigid or soft , as long as it helps insulating .
As President Obama faces a battle over his healthcare reforms in the US , some critics are citing the British model as an example of how not to do it .
Jonathan Beale speaks to some Americans in Hagerstown , Maryland , to get their views on Britain 's National Health Service .
Please accept our apologies !
We can't seem to find the page you 're looking for .
What should I do ?
Please use the Search Box above to find what you were looking for , or ; Visit the Home Page and try to browse to the page again .
Still no luck ?
You can also contact webmaster@rose-hulman.edu .
Please include the URL you tried to visit and the page with the referencing link .
FRANKLIN TOWNSHIP ( Somerset ) --
The judge who sentenced a Somerset County man to five years in prison Friday for growing marijuana to treat his multiple sclerosis noted there are others who suffer from the disease who do n’t resort to illegal behavior .
" Many people who suffer from MS and other chronic diseases do not use it as justification to break the law , " Superior Court Judge Robert Reed told a Somerville courtroom packed with supporters of the New Jersey Compassionate Use Medical Marijuana
Act , which takes effect in July and will give patients with debilitating diseases structured access to the drug .
In handing down the sentence , Reed noted the defendant , John Ray Wilson , began using marijuana at age 15 , years before he was diagnosed with MS in 2002 .
The judge also said he took into consideration Wilson ’s four prior arrests , including a 2004 guilty plea for harassment .
Wilson , 37 , of Franklin Township , was tried in December and a jury convicted him of second - degree drug manufacturing for growing 17 plants , and third - degree possession of psilocybin mushrooms .
Jurors acquitted Wilson of the most serious offense , first - degree operation of a drug - manufacturing facility .
In court Friday , Reed said he recognized the sympathy many had expressed for Wilson , but said there were not enough factors to justify giving Wilson probation or to sentence him for a lower - degree crime .
Instead , he gave Wilson the lowest possible sentence for a second - degree crime and gave him a concurrent three years for possession of the mushrooms .
" For me to decide that Mr. Wilson is ‘ morally blameless ’ and therefore should not be subject to criminal sanctions , is to decide that I am the arbiter of justice , guided by no more than my own view of what is morally right and wrong , " Reed said .
During the trial , Reed barred Wilson from using his illness as a defense .
Under the law , there is no personal - use exemption for the cultivation of marijuana and at the time of the trial , there was no law that permitted the medicinal use of the drug .
The judge allowed Wilson to make a brief reference while he was on the witness stand , but only to rebut testimony of two State Police detectives who said they never asked why he was growing the plants behind the home he rented in Franklin Township .
Reed ’s sentence reduced Wilson ’s mother and sister to tears as his father glared at the judge .
Before the sentencing , Wilson apologized .
" I do n’t want to stand up here and make excuses for what I ’ve done , " he said .
" I had no malicious intents to start a drug distribution facility .
Honestly , it was trying to treat my MS . "
Defense lawyer James Wronko said Wilson was uninsured and other alternative treatments for his MS had failed .
" Mr. Wilson ’s acts never affected any other members of society , except for the drug companies , " he said .
Deputy Attorney General Daniel Bornstein argued for a seven year sentence , highlighting Wilson ’s criminal history .
Chris Goldstein , a board member for the Coalition for Medical Marijuana New Jersey , said he felt the judge showed as much leniency as he could .
" If the Legislature had passed the bill prior to 2008 , John would be part of a state medical program for cannabis , and he would not have had to grow his own , " he said .
" I continue to be amazed that in our system of justice , an individual who is growing marijuana to treat his personal multiple sclerosis ends up in state prison , " said Wronko , who promised an appeal .
" I find it extremely ironic that an individual who could not afford medicine and had to resort to growing marijuana is now going to state prison where he will be given access to all the drugs available to treat multiple sclerosis . "
President Obama 's proposal would allow the Health and Human Services secretary to block excessive increases in insurance premiums .
Obama seeks rate - hike control
President Barack Obama wants to give the federal government sweeping new authority to curb exorbitant rate hikes by the nation ’s health insurance companies , a White House official said Sunday night – a proposal designed to win over skeptical voters as Obama announces his own health insurance legislation for the first time Monday .
Releasing his bill ahead of Thursday ’s bipartisan health - care summit , Obama is seeking to play off voter anger toward recent double - digit increases by Anthem Blue Cross of California and show that his plan is designed to protect vulnerable Americans , both those with insurance and those who are seeking to obtain it .
Advertisement
The proposal for new federal power to rein in premium hikes was n’t included in the versions of health reform that passed the House and Senate last year , though the rest of Obama ’s bill is likely to cherry - pick some of the most popular parts of those bills to craft a compromise proposal that can unify his fractious party , liberals and moderates alike .
The White House declined to provide further details of Obama ’s plan ahead of an announcement Monday , when Obama has promise to post his legislation on - line for voters to read ahead of Thursday ’s summit .
The proposal also has a populist appeal – Obama standing up to the big insurance companies – that could put pressure on Republicans to go along , even though they have decried the Democrats ’ health reform efforts as a “ big government takeover ” of the system and generally resisted any efforts to give the government a greater role in the private insurance market .
Obama ’s proposal would give the Health and Human Services secretary , Kathleen Sebelius , new powers to review premium hikes by private insurance companies – and in some cases , block those deemed excessive .
Anthem ’s rate hikes of up to 39 percent in recent weeks have focused attention on the skyrocketing health insurance costs , the very costs Obama vowed to fight when he undertook comprehensive health care reform last year .
Obama ’s plan would create a new board made up health insurance experts , which would determine annually what are reasonable premium hikes in various markets , and the HHS secretary also would work with state officials , the White House said .
The proposal was first reported in the New York Times .
By announcing his bill Monday , Obama also seems intent in putting pressure on Republicans to show they have a comprehensive solution to skyrocketing health care costs , heading into Thursday ’s summit .
White House officials have already begun urging Republicans to post their bills on line as well – a clever tactic by the White House , because Republicans ideas for reform were spread across several pieces of legislation , or fell far short of the Democrats ’ goal of insuring 31 million uninsured Americans .
The main House Republican proposal , for instance , would only cover 3 million more Americans .
But in some ways , Obama ’s main audience is his own party , where Democratic efforts to craft a compromise bill have faltered in the wake of Republican Sen.
Scott Brown ’s victory in Massachusetts .
The White House has said Obama ’s bill will be designed to pass on reconciliation – with a 51 - vote Democratic majority , a move that would infuriate Republicans who say Obama is already short - cutting his own summit by planning to shut out Republicans if needed .
A Complete Rethink
When you think about it , the cars we drive today have n’t fundamentally progressed since the days of the Model T .
They ’re fine for moving multiple passengers over long distances at high speeds , but they do n’t work as effectively in cities .
Moreover , why do most of the cars on the market today look the same ?
In their new book , Reinventing the Automobile : Personal Urban Mobility for the 21st Century ( MIT Press ) , William J. Mitchell , who directs the Smart Cities research group at MIT ’s Media Lab , and two industry experts , General Motors ’ Christopher E. Borroni-Bird and Lawrence D. Burns ( formerly of GM ) , reimagined the car .
Metropolis ’s editorial director , Paul Makovsky , spoke with Mitchell about how to make urban mobility more sustainable , why the car is a networked device , and why designers need to start thinking more holistically .
The title of the book is Reinventing the Automobile .
What are some of the big ideas here ?
The first one : design an ultralightweight , battery - electric automobile that ’s specifically tuned to the needs of urban life , because most drivers actually live in cities .
We came up with an automobile that ’s less than 1,000 pounds .
( Even a Prius is about 3,000 pounds . )
When it ’s unfolded — the car folds up for parking — it ’s slightly shorter than a Smart Car .
And from an energy standpoint , we ’re talking about the equivalent of about 200 miles to the gallon .
All this comes from not just clever design but from rigorously redesigning the problem and saying , “ Look , the architecture of the traditional automobile has been around for a hundred years now and responds to a set of conditions that made sense in the year of Henry Ford but does n’t make sense anymore . ”
And that ’s just the first piece of the idea , correct ?
That ’s the vehicle level .
And then the second idea is to integrate this with rethinking the electric grid , and particularly the emergence of smart grids .
If you do plug - in cars that use the traditional grid , you ’re relying on coal - fired power plants .
You ’re trying to make a cleaner and greener planet , but in the end power plants pump out huge amounts of CO2 .
So a key concept here is the idea of automatic recharging in parking spaces .
It ’s like your electric toothbrush .
You never think about it .
You put it back in its holder , and it recharges .
This is critical .
And it ’s not the idea of electric charging that most people are thinking about .
Which is pull the plug and put it in the garage .
Yes , or battery swapping , which is an even dumber idea .
Our idea is to shift the burden of recharging out of the moving vehicle and into fixed infrastructure .
It ’s looking at it from an urban - design perspective rather than a vehicle - design perspective .
This throws an enormous amount of battery - storage capacity for free into the electric grid .
Our electric auto is programmed to do energy trading back and forth , and this enables you to balance the energy flow , which is an important thing with electric grids .
Why ?
A fundamental problem with electric grids is you have peak and off - peak situations , and you have to design for them accordingly .
With smart grids , you can do very fine - grain dynamic pricing , and if you have smart consumers driving these smart electric automobiles , you can buy electricity when the prices are low and sell it when prices are high .
This is an effective market - based way of balancing the electric grid .
It also makes the grid much friendlier to clean - power sources , such as solar and wind .
Right now there ’s a big cost and practical disadvantage to these sources , because they do n’t necessarily produce electricity when the grid needs it .
They can exacerbate the grid - balancing problem .
Here there ’s a synergy between the grid and the way you ’d want energy markets to work .
The vehicles become dual - use devices .
When they ’re moving they provide mobility , and when they ’re parked they ’re not sitting around uselessly like a traditional automobile , but they ’re producing power for the grid .
Talk about this idea of the car as an intelligently networked device .
Yes , they ’re networked robots .
Automobiles have connectivity now — GPS and increasing amounts of smarts — but they ’re add - ons , and many of them are incompatible .
The standard power supply in cars today is inadequate for supporting a lot of intelligence .
Our notion is these lightweight autos that are much more like consumer - electronics devices than traditional automobiles .
And my guess is they ’re likely to be made on a large scale by manufacturers who look more like consumer - electronics manufacturers than traditional automakers .
Once you ’ve got that , you can extend the functionality of an automobile in all kinds of dimensions .
What kind of dimensions ?
This is connected to the idea of mobility - on - demand systems as an alternative to private ownership of automobiles .
The concept of doing stacks of electric vehicles at closely spaced convenient locations around the city .
When you want to make a trip , you walk to the nearest stack , identify yourself electronically , pick up a car , and drive to a nearest drop - off point .
It ’s one - way rental .
We can demonstrate that under most conditions , this gets you better door - to - door times than private - use automobiles .
Why ?
Because you ’re not spending so much time looking for a parking spot ?
Detroit always emphasizes getting into your car and traveling seamlessly to your destination .
What they do n’t mention ?
You have to park the damn thing at both ends .
Private - automobile parking sucks up an immense amount of valuable urban real estate .
It ’s heavily subsidized , and the costs are hidden .
We discuss that extensively in the book .
Traditional automobiles sit around 80 percent of the time doing nothing .
With mobility - on - demand systems , the automobile is useful all the time .
Did your team actually design a concept car ?
We ’ve designed two concept cars in parallel .
One was based on the Smart Cities group at the MIT Media Lab called the CityCar — a foldable , lightweight electric automobile .
And then there ’s the PUMA that my GM colleagues developed with Segway , which sort of balances on two wheels .
When you say a “ folding mechanism , ” does the car actually compress ?
It does .
For the CityCar , we put everything in the wheels .
There ’s no engine , no traditional drivetrain .
We have an independent drive motor , steering motor , and digital suspension in each wheel .
The wheels are independent , so the car can spin on its own axis .
Since there ’s no big engine in front , this allows for front entry , so you can push the nose into the curb , fold it up , and do this in less space than the width of a stand - up parking bay .
We get very high parking density without having to massively redo our streets .
How does this redefine the urban street ?
It ’s important to recognize that unlike putting in a new subway , we thought of this as a strategy for incremental transformation .
You can overlay into the existing infrastructure .
The way New York City is adding bike paths ?
Yes .
You also improve the quality of streets enormously .
These vehicles are silent , so you get rid of traffic noise , which has huge architectural implications , because windows no longer have to be defensive barriers against traffic noise .
We get rid of local tailpipe pollution .
There are all kinds of urban and street - design opportunities in taking the released space and putting it to other uses , like trees , seats , cafés .
Streets are now more supportive of these things , so they ’re much more pleasant places .
Let ’s talk about Detroit .
Do you see any hope coming out of there in terms of reinventing the car ?
My GM collaborators are very smart and imaginative and came out of the research - and - development side of the company , which has always been good .
We have a tremendously productive working relationship .
However , I do n’t have a lot of hope for the traditional automobile companies , because they ’re committed to their existing business models .
There ’s tremendous inertia , huge fixed investments in old ways of doing things .
That ’s going to make it difficult for them to be successful players .
I think we ’re going to see new players .
How do we get away from this dinosaur thinking that impedes progress ?
My designer ’s bias comes in here .
It ’s important to get the technology and the policy right , but in the end , the way you break a logjam is by engaging people ’s imagination , people ’s desire , by creating things that they never thought of before .
This is something that Apple has led the way in .
So a crucial part of this will be to create sexy prototypes and convincing small - scale pilot projects in sympathetic environments .
I think this automobile project represents a real shift in approach .
It ’s about systems thinking , about how everything is related to everything else .
How do you get designers — whether they ’re car designers or architects or urban planners — to take this bigger - picture , more holistic approach ?
One of the huge problems with design has been the way that the lines get broken up into these traditionally defined disciplines .
You ’re an architect or a graphic designer or a silicon - chip designer or an interaction designer , blah blah , blah .
The big , important design issues just do n’t fall in these categories anymore .
They sprawl in messy ways across them .
We have architects , urban designers , economists , mechanical engineers , electrical geeks , and we put them together into an intense multidisciplinary design environment .
And we do it in a way that ’s different from the way that you ’d organize a multidisciplinary team on an architectural project , where everyone has their role .
We say , “ Yes , you have expertise that you bring to the table , but it ’s everyone ’s responsibility to contribute to everything and educate the rest of the group as necessary on the issues that you know most about . ”
We knew nothing about battery technology when we started , but one of the great adventures of MIT is you can walk down the hall and find the world ’s leading expert .
The strategy is to go out , find what you need to know , and bring it back to the design project .
But is n’t MIT an exception here ?
It ’s generally perceived as the epicenter of forward thinking .
How do you get the rest of the country to adopt this model ?
There are a lot of good universities .
The model can be generalized , but design schools do n’t want to do it .
They drive me crazy : “ We ’re a unique culture . ”
That ’s why I have a joint appointment in architecture and the Media Lab and a lot of activity in planning .
But I do my work in the Media Lab because I could n’t do it in the architecture department .
Why ?
Because the identity of the architect is very important .
Personally , I do n’t care whether we call it architecture or if they call me an architect .
I care about doing progressive , socially effective work .
Wherever it takes me , I ’ll go .
But we need to change the way we think about professional education .
The standard way of thinking is : you go to design school for however many years , build a stock of intellectual capital , and then live off that .
They give you a provisional education for the rest of your career .
And it just does n’t work anymore .
The fundamental professional skill of a designer these days is strategically investing learning time .
You must be able to say , “ OK , there is an immensity of stuff out there to learn , but this is what ’s important to instantly learn for this project . ”
You can never say , “ Well , I ’m an architect , so I do n’t do battery technology . ”
You just can’t .
These are the directions design schools and universities have to go in .
The exciting thing is , engineering and business schools are starting to learn how important design is , how the most effective way of adding economic value is to do clever design , but they do n’t have a clue yet how to do it .
Michael 's Dispatches Patterns
Details Published : Sunday , 14 February 2010 20:00
Page 1 of 2
Arghandab , Afghanistan
Written : 19 December 2009
Published : 15 February 2010
This is a story of warfighting and technology , and what life is like on the ground for our troops , as they do their best in war .
Last night a soldier from the 82nd Airborne Division was killed .
The attack occurred just hours before the 82nd was to relieve 1 - 17th Infantry from duties in portions of the Arghandab River Valley near Kandahar .
Earlier that morning , soldiers from 1st Platoon , B - company ( 1 - 17th ) had taken me on a short , easy mission out to a micro- base called “ Brick 1 . ” The Platoon leader was 1st Lieutenant Ryan Fadden , while SFC Dimico was the platoon sergeant .
The platoon was ready .
Despite the filthy environment , weapons were clean , the gear was sorted and the men were in good spirits and a business - like frame of mind .
They seemed confident .
It looked like Lieutenant Fadden and SFC Dimico were on their jobs .
The battalion had lost 21 men KIA during the first several months of combat — the Brigade lost 31 .
An article was about to be published in the Army Times which might lead one to believe that the 1 - 17th is not combat - ready .
The author , Sean Naylor , is as highly respected as he is experienced , and so his words are taken seriously .
Yet during my first week , despite serious stresses in some places , the men seemed ready .
And so 1st Platoon drove in their Strykers from COP Jelawur , stopping a couple kilometers away from a small ANA ( Afghan National Army ) base just on the edge of the Green Zone of the Arghandab River near Kandahar .
The heavy Stryker ramps hissed and dropped with a dull thump .
The soldiers piled from the backs of the four machines .
Two white dogs with wagging tails greeted the men , and the men greeted the dogs as if they were old buddies .
The soldiers checked weapons yet again and adjusted gear , and we walked out the gate , keeping intervals so that a single bomb could n’t get many of us at once .
Sometimes enemies “ daisy chain ” bombs together like a trotline , killing or wounding many soldiers simultaneously .
The morning was cool , bright and dry , and so the fine dust left perfect boot prints .
This was to be the final mission for 1st Platoon in the area before the 82nd Airborne would take over responsibilities at around midnight .
As we walked out the gate , the older female dog which , by her looks , apparently had nursed dozens of suckling puppies in her years , decided to stay behind .
The younger white dog trotted out the gate with us .
We walked on the road for a short distance under the direct view of a machine gunner on the perimeter .
The roads , trails , and any places that are easy to walk are dangerous .
Some bombs have been planted for months and the rains and winds have erased visible signs .
The enemy will fire rifles or machine guns , trying to use American aggressiveness against our troops by luring young leaders into traps .
The enemy has frequently succeeded in planting bombs very close to American and British bases , and so the minute you step out that gate , watch out .
Some of the most dangerous places are closest to the bases where movements are most predictable .
In Sangin , a guy tried to plant a bomb in clear view of a British guard tower , so close that the sentry could have killed him with a bow and arrow .
Some people believe the Taliban are cowards , but in fact they are audacious and brave .
We moved off the road and patrolled across a freshly ploughed field of rich brown soil , soft as cotton .
A shovel lay in the field .
The brown boots of soldiers ahead raised dust puffs that caught in the gentle breeze .
To attempt to mimic steps of the soldier ahead would glue eyes to ground , away from potential firing points .
And besides , the bombs often kill someone far back in the patrol , even in places where others clearly have stepped .
British and American soldiers have seen men killed after others had walked directly on a bomb maybe twenty times , until finally a friend disappears on what seemed safe ground .
The enemy plants bombs at obvious choke points , but also in random places such as the middle of fields .
Planting bombs in covered places drives us into the open , making it easier to ambush with rifles and machine guns .
In war , this is fair play .
No matter how hard soldiers try to vary their routes , patterns are set that transcend particular units .
The 5/2 SBCT is using an interesting method to avoid making patterns called the “ Honesty Trace . "
Our vehicles carry various tracking gear , one of which is the “ BFT , ” or Blue Forces Tracker .
We are the Blue Forces .
A “ blue on blue ” incident usually means we accidentally attacked our own people or allies , which we try hard to avoid .
The BFT has many functions , but the prime function is to track the friendly vehicles , representing each with a circular blue icon on the screens .
Soldiers in 5/2 also use something called “ Land Warrior , ” which includes a small backpack with GPS , radio and soldier - worn computer , similar to a BlackBerry but not as sophisticated .
The entire system with batteries weighs about nine pounds .
The Land Warrior ( LW ) is potentially an incredible system , but it “ breaks a lot , ” according to one soldier .
Major Doug Copeland , the Assistant Product Manager for Land Warrior , said we have over 800 LW systems in the field , which have experienced a 3 % component failure rate during about seven months of combat .
Soldiers report the systems are not yet fully waterproofed , and they 're too heavy for comfort .
( Infantrymen think in terms of bullets , and nine pounds equals about 270 bullets . )
As the system matures , it should greatly increase our effectiveness .
An eyepiece fits on the helmet with a tiny computer screen that replicates a 17 ” monitor .
The soldier uses the display when he needs to view friendly and enemy forces , which can be populated by the user , HQ , or other units .
In other words , a Predator or helicopter could spot and report enemy forces and those enemy forces would appear on the “ common operating picture . ”
The user can navigate , send / receive digital orders and messages .
Importantly , the user can send / receive graphics and images .
Images are important .
I recall a case in Mosul , Iraq in which a key figure was detained and released even though a soldier thought he recognized the man .
Had the soldier been able to quickly send an image to HQ , the terrorist would have been arrested .
Instead , he was released .
When viewing the display , the soldier wearing Land Warrior looks like a cyborg .
The eyepiece displays his exact location , and that of other Land Warrior equipped soldiers and vehicles , including Strykers .
Lieutenant Ryan Fadden , leading the patrol , keeps all the previous IED strikes programmed into his Land Warrior , and so he can see the exact location on the screen , and HQ can see the precise location of each Land Warrior - equipped soldier , as can our A - 10C and F - 16B30 pilots , though most aircraft cannot see the Land Warrior or BFT .
The Land Warrior and BFT can be coupled with current , already - installed communications systems .
This is largely the baby of Captain Jared Cox , who as a lieutenant made a connection that aircraft should be able to track the BFT and Land Warrior .
Captain Cox had been the unfortunate victim of a U.S. airstrike during a training mission at home .
An American jet destroyed the car that he and an NCO were driving in .
It ’s a wonder they survived with only scratches .
Captain Cox and some A - 10C pilots answered my questions about this new system .
I wondered how Captain Cox , as a young lieutenant , got enough leash to run with such a wild idea without the Pentagon first spending millions on a feasibility study .
His answer was simple : Colonel Harry Tunnell , the Brigade Commander at 5/2 SBCT , thought he was on to something , and so let him try , but with specified goals and conditions .
Result : we are using it in combat right here , right now .
Why is this important ?
Many reasons .
We frequently use airpower to help level the extreme terrain advantages the enemy enjoys .
In addition to trying to avoid civilian casualties , we try to avoid blue on blue , which , despite precautions , still occur .
For instance , a British unit that I was with in Helmand was aggressively pursuing the enemy during a firefight .
They British soldiers had located the enemy and pinned them , and were assaulting in .
Meanwhile , an Apache helicopter strike was called .
During the interim minutes , the ground forces had closed on the enemy , and they had gotten so close so quickly that the pilot thought they were the enemy .
The British Apache wounded British soldiers while the enemy got away .
Below are the first unclassified images , released to me by the Air Force and Army , of this system at work in combat .
American A - 10C spots British vehicles that were not seen by naked eye .
In fact , the British probably do not realize that our A - 10Cs have spotted them using the British BFT .
Result : the British ground commander can bring our A - 10C aircraft to bear with less delay .
Again , through the haze and difficulty , British vehicles can be spotted , allowing for faster , safer airstrikes when British call in American aircraft .
It ’s important to note that the British do n’t have to invest a dime .
Most British and American forces do n’t know about this emerging capability — just make sure to keep your BFT on and the A - 10C and F - 16B30 can see you .
Apaches and other aircraft cannot as of this writing .
When soldiers are dismounted and using the Land Warrior ( LW ) system , the LW can relay through the vehicles to the A - 10C / F - 16B30 , so the pilots can also see our dismounts , and the vehicles , on their HUDs ( Head ’s Up Displays ) .
In Afghanistan , we continue to have “ DUSTWUN ” calls .
DUSTWUN means Duty Status Whereabouts Unknown .
These have happened especially near rivers , and in the mountains .
We lose soldiers , especially after bombings .
If the soldier was wearing a LW , we would either know his location , or his last known location .
The LW also has a “ call for medic ” feature .
The soldier can push a button that reports location and need for a medic .
If he or she is good to type or talk , details can be transmitted .
An A - 10C commander told me about an instance where American forces had called him in .
The man on the ground insisted they were at point “ A , ” but the A - 10C had picked up his LW , and said , “ No , that ’s not where you are , ” and they quickly figured it out and kept working .
Between data from BFT and LW , headquarters can track just about every step soldiers take , and they can see stigmergic “ ant patterns ” develop .
And so the Army hired a civilian expert who creates a pattern analysis to work at 5/2 HQ , and his reports warn unit leaders when they are setting patterns .
This applies over time .
Just because 1st Platoon did n’t repeat a certain route does n’t mean 2nd Platoon or 4th Platoon did n’t already set that same route .
A unit that was there two years ago will have already created a pattern , and if the enemy paid attention — this enemy pays very close attention — they do n’t need to wait until we draw a map with our boots .
The enemy will predict how we move based on previous units .
( Emergent patterns transcend particular persons or units . )
The enemy sets patterns .
The primary indicator that an IED is present is that an IED was there before .
In this war , lightning strikes the same places repeatedly .
Explosives are cheap .
To avoid bombs , instead of going through doors , soldiers blast holes .
They avoid paths , avoid bridges that are not observed , avoid the obvious .
Some choke points are unavoidable , and so often the best course of action is to spend extra effort on nearby families , trying to develop relationships so they will give tips .
By far , the number one counter - IED strategy is cultivating local people .
If the local people do n’t want you to get blown up , there is a strong chance you wo n’t get blown up , so long as they feel safe in passing the information .
We saw this landslide of support occur in Anbar Province , Iraq , in late 2006 , then spread through much of Iraq during 2007 .
As we pushed more troops into neighborhoods and lived with the people , the people flooded us with information .
This morning , we crossed the first field , and an irrigation canal .
" White Dog ” stepped daintily stepped across the stones .
Our soldiers have been killed at canal crossings .
When there are bridges , the explosives often are just off the bridge , apparently because the enemy does n’t want to blow up the bridge .
Farmers worked close by — and so we kept going through a hole in a wall , but only because there were farmers right there beside it , who smiled as we stepped through .
The next fields were vineyards , but unlike American vineyards where vines often are trained on wires , these vines are trained on low mud walls that would easily stop cannon fire from an Apache or A - 10 .
When the Soviets attacked in this same area , Mujahedeen recounted hiding under garlands of grapevines .
They waited until soldiers got close and shot them .
A 5/2 soldier was shot from up close in the area .
The bullet nailed his front plate and knocked him flat but he was okay .
Later , an IED took him out of the fight , though comrades say he is doing fine .
During winter , the vines are dormant and so there is little cover .
Moving through the vineyards , we walked single file on a hump between rows .
The soil was hard as cinderblock .
A few hundred meters later we came to Brick 1 , the patrol base that had been set up in an abandoned farm compound .
At Brick 1 , soldiers had cut down the pomegranate trees inside the compound walls , saying the owner was living in Kandahar and he knew we had occupied his compound and that he would be compensated .
Nobody knew the price per tree .
During 2008 , when I was with British 2 Para in Helmand , a farmer was shooting at us nearly every day .
SIGINT ( voice intercept ) was clear that he was shooting because the British cut down his trees but offered meager compensation .
Shortly after I left , a soldier was shot in the head but I do not know if the death stemmed from the trees .
The Stryker soldiers said they typically stay at Brick 1 for about two weeks with no showers , though there is a foreign - built well .
They did n’t have a Stryker , just an MRAP , and all their supplies get humped in by foot .
They tried to drive in resupply but got blown up , they said .
They eat MREs , and there is little going on other than attacks and missions .
Inside the compound were bullet holes and marks where RPGs had come in .
Soldiers had collected the expended white casings from mortar illumination ; the enemy uses the cases for bombs .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : media@aclu.org
ACLU and NYCLU Release Government Records on " Ideological Exclusion " Policy
RESOURCES
NEWS
( 6/23/2006 )
( 4/27/2006 )
( 4/25/2006 )
( 4/13/2006 )
( 1/25/2006 )
( 11/10/2005 )
( 3/16/2005 )
NEW YORK --
The American Civil Liberties Union and the New York Civil Liberties Union today released new documents that indicate the government is broadly interpreting and using a controversial Patriot Act power known as the " ideological exclusion " provision to block people from entering the country .
The ACLU is concerned that the provision is increasingly being used to target foreign scholars and others whose politics the government disfavors .
" The American public suffers when our government abuses anti-terrorism laws to shut out voices and ideas that it does n’t want us to hear , " said ACLU attorney Melissa Goodman .
" America has a rich tradition of robust academic debate .
The government dishonors that tradition when it censors ideas at the border . "
The ACLU and NYCLU obtained the documents through a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) lawsuit filed in coordination with PEN American Center and the American Association of University Professors ( AAUP ) .
Although the documents are heavily redacted , the records suggest that the government used the ideological exclusion provision to exclude from the country , among others , an Italian woman residing in Colombia , a mother and daughter residing in Canada , a businessman from Venezuela , and a woman from Costa Rica .
The names of the individuals have been redacted .
The ideological exclusion provision permits the government to exclude anyone from the country who , in the government ’s view , " endorses or espouses " terrorism or " persuades others " to support terrorism .
While the provision is nominally directed at terrorism , the government appears to be using the provision to censor and manipulate debate , said the ACLU .
Other documents released through the FOIA confirm that the Departments of State and Homeland Security are interpreting the law broadly .
One document states that the law is directed at those who voice " irresponsible expressions of opinion . "
Another states , somewhat bizarrely , that an individual can be excluded under the provision even if he or she endorsed terrorism unintentionally .
" It is wholly inappropriate for immigration officials to keep out people whose politics they do n’t like , " said Donna Lieberman , NYCLU Executive Director .
" Barring the doors is not the way a democracy deals with its critics . "
Little is known about the specific incidents included in the new documents , but the ACLU pointed to several recent cases of high - profile individuals who have been excluded from the United States for what appear to be ideologically motivated reasons , including :
In June , 75 South Korean activists were denied visas as U.S. and South Korean officials met for free trade negotiations in Washington , DC .
The South Korean farmers and trade unionists had hoped to voice their opposition to the draft free trade agreement .
In June , Professor Yoannis " John " Milios of the National Technical University of Athens was blocked from presenting a paper entitled " How Class Works " at the State University of New York at Stony Brook .
Though he visited the United States as recently as 2003 , upon arriving at JFK airport in New York he was detained and interrogated about his politics .
After several hours , he was told that he would have to return to Athens .
In May , London - based Hip Hop artist M.I.A. revealed that she was denied a visa to come work with American music producers on her next album .
News reports indicate that the Sri Lankan - born artist was excluded because government officials concluded that some of her lyrics are overly sympathetic to the Tamil Tigers and the Palestinian Liberation Organization .
In March , Iñaki Egaña , a Basque historian from Spain , arrived at JFK airport with his two children with the intention of researching Basque people in the United States .
Egaña and his family were detained while Egaña was questioned about Mario Salegi , a Basque political activist and writer whom Egaña had intended to study .
After being detained for 24 hours , Egaña and his family were sent back to Spain .
In Spring 2006 , Dr. Waskar Ari , a scholar of race and ethnic studies and a member of the Aymara indigenous people in Bolivia , was blocked from assuming a teaching position at the University of Nebraska - Lincoln .
Dr. Ari , who earned a Ph.D. in history from Georgetown University , applied for a work visa after accepting the Nebraska offer in June 2005 .
More than a year later , U.S. immigration officials have yet to act on his visa application , but have since revoked his student visa , leaving Dr. Ari inadmissible to the country .
The State Department recently said that Dr. Ari is being excluded on national security grounds , but it has not offered any evidence to support this allegation .
In 2005 , Dora Maria Tellez , who served as a Parliamentary leader and Minister of Health in Nicaragua in the 1980s , was forced to abandon her teaching post at Harvard University after the government rejected her visa application .
Tellez , who had visited the United States several times up to 2001 , was reportedly excluded because of her role in the 1979 Nicaraguan revolution that overthrew the dictator Anastasio Somoza .
A lawsuit challenging the provision is currently pending in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York .
That lawsuit was filed by the ACLU , NYCLU , AAUP , PEN and the American Academy of Religion , and charges that the provision is being used to prevent United States citizens and residents from hearing speech that is protected by the First Amendment .
The groups filed the lawsuit after Professor Tariq Ramadan was barred from entering the United States , where he was offered a teaching position at the University of Notre Dame .
Although the government has since backed away from its claim that Professor Ramadan is inadmissible under the Patriot Act provision , on June 23 , Judge Paul A. Crotty ruled that the government must act on Ramadan ’s pending visa application , and that it cannot bar non-citizens from the United States simply because it disagrees with their political views .
" Ideological misuse of the immigration laws has significant effects on the freedom of academic and political debate inside the United States , " said Jameel Jaffer , Deputy Director of the ACLU ’s National Security Program , who argued before Judge Crotty .
" As the court recognized , the government cannot use the immigration laws as a means of silencing its critics and denying Americans the opportunity to hear dissenting voices . "
The Patriot Act ’s ideological exclusion provision echoes laws that were used in the 1960s , 70s , and 80s to bar those who were associated with the Communist Party .
Those laws were used to bar , among many other prominent individuals , the writers Graham Greene , Gabriel Garcia Marquez , Dario Fo , and Pablo Neruda , and former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau .
Attorneys in the FOIA case are Goodman and Jaffer of the ACLU ; Arthur N. Eisenberg of the NYCLU ; and New York immigration lawyer Claudia Slovinsky .
The documents released today are online at www.aclu.org/exclusion.
