Transforminators ( HD )
A pretty damn good Christian Bale impression .
( ReTweet this )
This mashup by IGN , Transforminators , works on so many levels that it ’s almost scary .
Want some more ?
Ultimate DJ Battle
Barock aka Barack Spock aka Barack Obama
Record Industry vs. Internet Piracy
Facebook comments
This post is consistent with Atom 0.0.1 and not the latest version , Atom 0.0.5 ( the author went off and implemented changes I and others suggested :) ) .
I ’ll update the post … soon .
Tom Hawkins has open - sourced Atom , a domain - specific language ( DSL ) for writing embedded real - time software .
Atom is actually an “ embedded DSL ” ( I prefer the term “ lightweight DSL ” ) in the functional language Haskell .
It ’s a lightweight DSL ( LwDSL ) because you write legal Haskell and let the Haskell compiler do all the heavy lifting .
The DSL is a set of special functions and data types and a “ compile function ” that generates embedded ( i.e. , no dynamic memory ) C code .
You do n’t have to write your own compiler from scratch .
John Van Enk has already posted a couple of blog entries on using Atom ; first on adding slightly to the LwDSL ( one major advantage of a LwDSL is that it ’s easy to extend the language — you do n’t have to re-engineer a standalone compiler ) and then on using Atom to blink some LEDs on the Arduino .
Keep checking his blog for more updates !
Here , I write a little device and driver program in Atom : the driver sends an index i , and the device returns the ith Fibonacci number .
The little bit of challenge in doing this is that the device and driver may run at different rates , so their communication is asynchronous .
How does this work in a language like Atom ?
Writing in the Atom DSL
Let ’s think about the Fibonacci device ( we ’ll call it fibDev ) first .
The device fibDev will do three things :
Wait for a new index i from the driver .
Produce a result , fib( i ) .
Give the result to the driver .
Let ’s think about step ( 2 ) first .
Think for a second how we ’d write this ( efficiently ) in Haskell :
fib :: Int ->
Int fib n = fst $ fibHlp n where fibHlp n = case n of 0 -> ( 1 , 1 ) _ -> let ( a , b ) = fibHlp ( n - 1 ) in ( b , a + b )
The Atom implementation will use the same algorithm , but it ’ll look different .
Atom is a synchronous language , so you specify rules that fire on clock ticks .
Here ’s what the core of the algorithm looks like in Atom ( I have n’t shown the variable declarations , but look you can look at the full source ) :
atom " computeFib " $ do cond $ value runFib cond $ value i >. 0 decr i snd <== ( value fst ) + ( value snd ) fst < == value snd
Atom is written in a monadic style .
Here , we have two conditions , both of which must be true for the rule to “ fire ” .
The first condition is that runFib is true ( telling the device it ’s in its computation step ) , and the second condition is that the index is greater than 0 ( we stop computing at zero ) .
If the conditions are true , then the value of i is decremented , and we update the values of the fst and snd variables , corresponding the first and second elements , respectively , of the pair in the Haskell specification .
Again , this is legal Haskell ; the Atom library defines the special operators ( e.g. , >. ) .
One great thing about writing embedded code in Atom is that variable updates are synchronous .
For example , in the code above , fst is updated to the previous value of snd .
That ’s the core of the Fibonacci device .
The rest of the architecture handles the message passing ( in the C code we ’ll generate , messages are passed via global variables ) and synchronization between the driver and device , as summarized below :
We do not assume that fibDvr and fibDev execute at the same rate , so we handle message passing with a series of handshakes .
First , fibDvr sends a new value x and notifies fibDev that the value is ready ( by issuing newInd ) .
fibDev acknowledges that x has been received with valRcvd .
At this point , fibDvr knows to wait for fibDev to compute fib( x ) .
Once it receives the notice ansReady , it reads off the answer , ans .
All we have to do now is implement the handshakes .
For example , let ’s look at step ( 3 ) of the device , sending the final answer to the driver .
It ’s behavior should be clear from the architectural description .
atom " sendVal " $ do cond $ value i ==. 0 cond $ value runFib runFib < == false ans < == value fst ansReady < == true valRcvd < == false
And here ’s step ( 1 ) for fibDev , waiting for a new index from the driver :
atom " getIndex " $ do cond $ not_ ( value runFib ) cond $ value newInd i < == value x runFib < == true fst <== 1 snd <== 1 ansReady < == false valRcvd < == true
These three rules for fibDev define the body of fibDev ‘s “ do ” block .
fibDev :: Atom ( ) fibDev = period 3 $ do ...
We tell atom that the period is 3 , meaning execute each of our three rules every three clock ticks ( based on the underlying clock ) .
Now that we ’re comfortable with the language , let ’s look at the entire definition of fibDvr in one go .
Recall the job of fibDvr is to send a value then wait for an answer .
Our driver will increment values by 5 , starting at 0 .
It ’ll stop sending new values if the index is bigger than 50 .
fibDvr :: Atom ( ) fibDvr = period 20 $ do x <- word64 " x " 0 -- new index to send oldInd <- word64 " oldInd " 0 -- previous index sent -- external signals -- valRcvd <- bool ' " valRcvd " -- has the device received the new index ? ans <- word64 ' " ans " -- the newly - computed fib( x ) ansReady <- bool ' " ansReady " -- is an answer waiting ?
---------------------- valD <- word64 " valD " 1 -- local copy of fib( x ) newInd <- bool " newInd " True -- a new index is ready waiting <- bool " waiting " True -- waiting for a new computation atom " wait " $ do cond $ value valRcvd cond $ not_ $ value waiting newInd < == false waiting < == true atom " getAns " $ do cond $ value ansReady cond $ value waiting cond $ value x <. 50 valD < == value ans x < == value x + 5 waiting < == false newInd < == true old Ind < == value x
Note that we ’ve specified the period of the driver to be 20 , meaning that its two rules get executed every 20 ticks .
So the driver is much slower than the device , but if our handshakes are correct , the two devices communicate correctly for any rates of execution of the two components .
( Proving it for all - time is a classic model checking problem . )
Compiling to C
We include a little Haskell function that we can call to “ compile ” fibDev and fibDvr into embedded C files .
( The compile function is part of Atom , and it takes a name for the generated C file and Atom specifications to compile . )
compileFib :: IO ( ) compileFib = do compile " fibDev " $ fibDev compile " fibDvr " $ fibDvr
We can call this from an interpreter for Haskell ; it takes about a second to compile .
Doing so almost produces the source files fibDvr.c and fibDev.c .
We do a few things manually :
Write two header files , fibDvr.h and fibDev.h and import them .
This is the code we want to talk to each other through global variables .
We ’ll also include stdio.h so we can printf our results .
and and import them .
This is the code we want to talk to each other through global variables .
We ’ll also include so we can our results .
Because Atom automatically ( atomatically ? :) ) generates variable and function names in the generated code , we declare some of the identifiers in fibDev.c to be static so they are n’t globally visible .
to be so they are n’t globally visible .
We #define the variable names from the Atom - generated identifiers back to the expected identifiers for the variables that are shared .
the variable names from the Atom - generated identifiers back to the expected identifiers for the variables that are shared .
And we add a little main function to execute the code : let ’s execute the driver and device for 500 clock ticks :
int main ( ) { while ( __clock < 500 ) { fibDvr ( ) ; fibDev( ) ; } return 0 ; }
Of course , Atom could be extended to handle these things itself — John Van Enk has already started doing some of it .
In all , our 80 - some lines of Atom compile to over 200 lines of embedded C . So let ’s test it !
> gcc - Wall -o fibDvr fibDev.c fibDvr.c
> ./fibDvr
generates the following output :
i : 0 , fib( i ) : 1 i : 0 , fib ( i ) : 1 i : 0 , fib ( i ) : 1 i : 5 , fib ( i ) : 8 i : 5 , fib ( i ) : 8 i : 10 , fib ( i ) : 89 i : 10 , fib ( i ) : 89 i : 10 , fib ( i ) : 89 i : 15 , fib ( i ) : 987 i : 15 , fib ( i ) : 987 i : 15 , fib ( i ) : 987 i : 15 , fib ( i ) : 987 i : 20 , fib ( i ) : 10946 i : 20 , fib ( i ) : 10946 i : 20 , fib( i ) : 10946 i : 20 , fib( i ) : 10946 i : 25 , fib( i ) : 121393 i : 25 , fib( i ) : 121393 i : 25 , fib( i ) : 121393 i : 25 , fib( i ) : 121393 i : 25 , fib( i ) : 121393 i : 30 , fib( i ) : 1346269 i : 30 , fib( i ) : 1346269 i : 30 , fib( i ) : 1346269 i : 30 , fib( i ) : 1346269
Wait , why are we getting the same answers multiple times ?
Recall that Atom is a synchronous language , so functions are executed based on time ( measured in underlying clock ticks ) , not events .
But most times , the guards do n’t hold , so state is n’t updated .
That ’s what we see here .
Oh , we should check our specification .
We can do that using our original Haskell specification :
> map fib [ 0,5..30 ] [ 1,8,89,987,10946,121393,1346269 ]
Looks good !
Let me know if this helps you understand Atom , or if you have thoughts on how Atom compares to other languages .
Finally , here are the sources :
Share this :
Share
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : Atom , embedded C , Fibonacci , Haskell
[ previous ] [ Contents ] [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ next ]
APT HOWTO ( Obsolete Documentation )
Abstract
This document intends to provide the user with a good understanding of the workings of the Debian package management utility , APT .
Its goal is to make life easier for new Debian users and to help those who wish to deepen their understanding of the administration of this system .
It was created for the Debian project in order to help improve the support available for users of this distribution .
Copyright Notice
Copyright © 2001 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 Gustavo Noronha Silva
This manual is free software ; you may redistribute it and / or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation ; either version 2 , or ( at your option ) any later version .
This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful , but without any warranty ; without even the implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose .
See the GNU General Public License for more details .
A copy of the GNU General Public License is available as /usr / share / common - licenses / GPL in the Debian GNU / Linux distribution or on the World Wide Web at the GNU General Public Licence .
You can also obtain it by writing to the Free Software Foundation , Inc. , 59 Temple Place - Suite 330 , Boston , MA 02111-1307 , USA .
Contents
[ previous ] [ Contents ] [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ next ]
APT HOWTO ( Obsolete Documentation )
A Case for Phone Cases : 5 Undeniable Reasons Why You Need a Phone Case
Some people like to live dangerously .
Activities like skydiving , bungee jumping , and scuba diving are great ways to get your adrenaline pumping .
But carrying your phone around without a case ?
Well , that ’s just reckless .
If you ’re still using a phone without a phone case , make sure you read this article .
We ’ll give you five good reasons why you need to invest in a phone case today .
1. You ’re Going to Drop Your Phone
Let ’s be real here , everyone drops their phone .
There ’s nothing to be ashamed of , it ’s just a fact of life .
Do n’t believe us ?
Dropped phones accounted for 74 % of all accidental phone - related damage last year .
Since the odds are stacked against you , invest in a phone case so your phone does n’t shatter when it falls .
2. Phone Insurance Costs Extra
Speaking of falling phones , a broken phone is like a pile of cash to most cell phone carriers .
They ’re willing to replace your phone , sure , but not before you pay an arm and a leg .
Some carriers even offer mobile insurance .
While this seems like a great idea on paper , it comes with some serious caveats .
Reports suggest that you may not get to choose your replacement phone and your carrier may drop you after you file a claim .
3. Phone Cases Make Great Accessories
A good phone case is good for more than keeping your phone safe .
It should represent your personality , too !
You accessorize everything else , so why not add a little pizzazz to your cell phone ?
And if you ’re not happy with what you see in stores , head online .
You can snag Custom Phone Cases that look great and keep your phone secure .
4. Cases Make Your Phone Easier to Find
Society ’s obsession with making phones smaller is a bit of a blessing and a curse .
On the one hand , they look quite chic .
But on the other , well , a smaller phone is easy to lose .
So while a phone case does add some bulk to your phone , that is n’t always a bad thing .
A phone case can make your phone stand out easily , which is perfect for those of us who misplace our phones all the time .
5. A Good Case Prevents Scratching
Even if you take great care of your phone , it experiences wear and tear from everyday use and storage .
Think about everything your phone comes in contact within your pocket or purse .
It bumps up against your keys , your wallet , various scraps of trash — even the lining of your pocket can scratch your screen .
Phone cases can act as a buffer between your phone and its surroundings , so you can keep your screen pristine !
New Phone Case , Who Dis ?
Still , think you do n’t need a phone case ?
Accidents can and will happen .
Be prepared for a worst - case scenario and you could just save yourself a few hundred dollars .
Do the smart thing and invest in a case .
We promise you wo n’t regret it .
And if you liked this article , make sure to check back in with our blog for more great content like this .
AWARD - WINNING
DIGITAL AGENCY
National Positions is a 6 - time award - winning Strategic Marketing Agency based in Los Angeles and New York .
Our creative strategies have fueled real - world results for brands across all industries and have even been recognized by the Academy of Interactive and Visual Arts ( AIVA ) for 2019 and 2020 !
From time to time I like to check on the evolution of dynamic languages , just to see what I am missing as a Java / C++ programmer .
It is always an interesting travel , and each time I feel that the future will be really far away from the C - like languages that we currently use .
Last week , I spent a few hours taking a look at the progress of Smalltalk .
In the Smalltalk camp there are several contenders for the best system , and it is not at all clear what the most productive system is .
I have already tried VisualWorks , which is a cool environment .
Although it is easy to use , there is the problem that it is closed source .
This makes it practical to use VisualWorks only on commercial software , instead of writing open source software .
Even when doing commercial work , most companies will not invest money in an IDE for a language that they do n’t know — which makes the barriers to use of a commercial Smalltalk is even bigger .
Of course , there are several companies using Smalltalk , but there is always a specific reason for this — if you ca n’t find that reason you are out of luck .
Squeak
For this reason , I think an open source solution is the best bet for SmallTalk to succeed .
And the best open source implementation of Smalltalk is of course Squeak .
The only thing that I had against Squeak is the fact that they still insist in using a particular GUI that is completely different from any other UI in use nowadays .
In fact , Squeak notion of UI is basically a copy of what a GUI might have looked like in 1980 , when SmallTalk was being developed .
In particular , the idea of Squeak practically forcing users to rethink the way they use the mouse is absurd .
In Morph , the Squeak GUI , every mouse action depends on a three - button mouse .
To add some confusion , buttons are named by colors ( instead or right - or - left button ) , so you need to remember what color is left or right .
Many operations also require the middle button ( represented by still another color ) , and if your do n’t have a mouse with three buttons you probably need to simulate that one with control / shift combinations .
Imagine if I created a software that remapped the keyboard , and decided that each key would not produce the results that you are used to , but instead the combination of letters that I decided .
Of course , you would dislike this program ( to say the least ) .
But this is exactly what Squeak requires from the user , who needs to relearn how the mouse works .
Squeak and WxWidgets
Hopefully , Squeak , being written in Smalltalk , is not totally bound to the decisions made by its creators .
One thing that can be done is to use a separate UI , and disregard totally the mess of Morph .
This was the route taken by the guys that ported WxWidgets to Squeak — resulting WxSqueak .
WxSqueak is an extension to Squeak that implements the WxWidgets UI library .
WxWidgets is a full featured GUI library that is supported on most platforms , such as Windows , Linux , and Mac OS .
With WxSqueak you can create SmallTalk programs that use the WxWidgets GUI , and therefore have a native look and feel .
Thus , you can create a Windows program in Squeak , with native windows , toolbars , and menus .
There is no need to program in another GUI such as morph , and make your users learn a new GUI paradigm just to execute your program .
WxWidgets is still in its early stages , but I found it very feature complete .
Since it uses WxWidgets , which is a mature library , there is a large number of graphical controls that can be used from your program .
In the next weeks , I will be providing an example of a program written with Squeak and WxSqueak .
I be also writing about some of the features of SmallTalk and Squeak that make it so useful for programmers in general .
Keep reading , and I will add more details in future posts .
Suggested Reading
Smalltalk Best Practice Patterns , by Kent Beck
Smalltalk 80 : The Language ( Addison - Wesley Series in Computer Science ) , by A. Goldberg and D. Robson
Similar Posts :
Fortunately , it is n't required to go to design school in order to be a graphic designer .
A good foundation in graphic design history , theory , and practical application will help you hit the ground running .
There are plenty of resources available in which you can learn graphic design on your own .
Do n't set your expectations to high at first , as it will take enthusiastic study for years to become great .
You can do it though !
If you would like to learn graphic design from the ground up , through self directed study , then this article lists some great resources that will get you started with your design education .
Also , even if you do go to design school , at least three - fifths of your education will be through self directed study anyway .
Before we jump in , note that this post is brought to you by Envato Market .
If you ’d like to earn a solid side income from your design skills , you can sell graphics of all types or learn to build site themes .
It ’s a great way to get some real experience in the marketplace .
In this article , we mention additional paths to explore earning an income with your design skill , after you 've mastered the basics .
You can also offer your skills as a designer on Envato Studio .
Now , let 's get to it !
1. Understanding the Principles and Theory of Graphic Design
There are a few graphic design principles that effect every project you 'll create .
Understanding these principles conceptually and learning to apply them practically will formulate the foundation of your graphic design education .
Let 's take a look at the basic areas you should study to get a solid footing in graphic design .
Shape , Spacing , and Rhythm
I remember first learning these basic design principles , and they seamed so foreign at first .
It took me quite some time to get comfortable with these techniques .
In school we did a beginner project that consisted of drawing triangles , just to communicate emotion through placement , shape and spacing alone .
Below are some good resources on these principles .
Color , Texture , and Imagery
Understanding the basics of color theory is important and getting a feel for how to work with colors .
Color can make areas of a design pop off the page or recede into the background .
The use of texture can enhance the feel of a design .
In print design texture can be the actual feel of paper or other materials .
Imagery can also blend in with texture and is loaded with colors .
Learning how to balance these is a delicate craft that will take some practice to apply well .
Here are some resources on using color , texture , and imagery in graphic design :
Working with Type
Your ability to use type is one of the things that differentiates graphic design from other visual professions .
A big part of graphic design is understanding typography , developing your knowledge of typefaces , and how to apply them in your design .
This will be a constant study throughout your career .
Here are a few great resources on type :
2. Standing Strong with a Historical Graphic Design Grounding
Philip Meggs book ( see below ) , is a must have for every graphic design .
You should read it from cover to cover .
Also , as you go through spend time researching areas that interest you the most .
Pick at least three areas to go into detailed study with and learn as much as you can about them .
One area of interest for me is the Bauhaus , which was a graphic design and craft school founded in the early twentieth century .
I find the subject captivating , probably because it combines so many of my passions : art , design , history , and education .
3. Internalize the Graphic Design Process , Conceptual Solutions , Real World Experience , and Creative Application
Graphic designers solve visual problems .
The key to teaching yourself graphic design is to understand the process of solving a visual problem .
This means you 'll benefit from tackling design briefs .
You 'll learn to apply the skills you study by solving fictitious design problems to begin with and as you advance tackling real world problems and working with clients .
Visual and Conceptual Problem Solving
Visual and conceptual problem solving is the core of what we do as graphic designers .
Clients come to us with a brief , which is a problem that needs to be solved .
A new company may need to enter a specific market and come to you for a comprehensive identity solution .
Or you may work at a newspaper and have to lay out a page to deadline .
The problems are endless and your job is to solve these issues .
What is a visual concept ?
Well it 's more than a pure visual solution .
It 's a unification of a graphic and an idea , which is placed in context to solve a problem .
Let 's look at the example of a logo .
It 's a visual mark , which represents the idea of a company , presented in the context of all the company 's identity , marketing , and history .
Let 's look at some resources for developing your visual and conceptual problem solving skills for graphic designers .
Keep in mind though practicing your craft will help build your visual problem solving skills .
The Design Process
Learning to research , create thumbnails , refine sketches , work up visual solutions in programs , and present to clients are just some of the basics of the design process .
Every subset of design may have a slightly different procedure , and your working methodology , or a company you work for may implement things in a somewhat unique way in their production environment .
Even so , the basics remain the same .
Get familiar with the design process from start to finish , and work on getting faster and better at each stage of the process on each project you work on .
Real World Graphic Design Application
A business card , like a canvas , has boundaries .
A book has specific dimensions and technical print limitations .
These type of practical and technical limitations are an important part of practicing the craft of graphic design .
Work to learn about these technologies and build up your knowledge through real projects .
You 'll learn a whole lot about print by having to get a big project printed on a budget .
Also , keep in mind that creative solutions are often driven within contained creative environments .
Part of the fun of graphic design is solving technical problems with creative solutions .
4. Consider Advanced Study and Development
Advanced study can take many different paths for each designer .
You may become interested in a related field , and then mold your graphic design education to apply to that field .
However , every graphic designer will benefit from advanced study and planning .
Of course , there 's no limit to the depth you can study on any subject of graphic design .
Grid Theory , Graphic Information Design , and Career Planning are just a few areas to focus on .
You could certainly go much deeper in other areas as well .
Grid Theory
Many areas of graphic design incorporate grid based solutions .
In many ways , grid theory is advanced principles of spacing , flow , and rhythm , though applied to real projects , like laying out an entire book or website .
Putting together any multi-page document will likely benefit from a grid , as it makes the design feel cohesive .
Below are some resources to get started with grids .
Graphic Information Design
While many of the principles of graphic information design are similar to graphic design , it takes on a more technical and practical approach to visual problems .
Rather than looking at the concept on a billboard , a graphic information designer might analyze the proper font size to use for traffic passing the billboard at 40 mph , so as to have maximum impact .
It 's a blend of scientific research and practical application to visual design .
Edward Tufte has written many good books on the subject , and I recommend you read them all .
They are elegantly written , the layout of the books are beautiful , and the principles taught have strong , illustrative examples .
Planning Your Career
Spend some time getting acquainted with the graphic design landscape and plan your career .
Graphic design is a large discipline , which is directly involved in numerous occupations .
Learning the potential of the field will help you decide what you want to focus on .
You may be attracted to print design , advertising , interface design , or another graphic design or related field .
5. Learn from Professional Graphic Designers
Aside from studying graphic designers throughout history , you 'll also benefit by studying contemporary designers whom you identify with .
A couple designers I found inspirational while I was in design school were David Carson and Carlos Segura .
Both of these designers utilize typography in intuitive , innovative , and illustrative fashions .
They helped encouraged me to get expressive with my use of type , spacing , and texture .
While the approach they practice in design is n't appropriate for every project , it certainly helped develop my graphic range and ability to think illustratively through graphic design .
You may fall in love with some other approach to design .
Also , you 'll go through numerous phases , where you 'll be attracted to something else in design .
This is part of what 's great about the field ; it 's so diverse .
Do n't be afraid to emulate designers approaches on some projects .
It 's a good way to learn .
Then you 'll move on to something else and it will become part of your collective design experience .
6. Developing Your Proficiency , Intuition , and Flow
Part of becoming a good graphic designer is becoming one with your tools .
If you can wield a pencil , and quickly sketch down conceptual solutions , then you 're a more proficient designer .
Of course , when working within programs the same thing applies .
If you 're a logo designer , the better you know Illustrator , the better a designer you 'll be .
That 's one of the reasons why sites like Vectortuts + are so useful .
Being proficient with your tools helps you to be able to enter an intuitive flow like state when working , but it 's more than that .
The better you know design , your medium , your chosen field of focus , your toolsets , and your workflow , the easier it will be to sink into that space where decisions come easily and time disappears .
This flow state is a big reason why people choose any art related field , like graphic design ; they enjoy being in the flow of creating and working visually .
Tuts + - Power Up Your Skill Set
Core Principles for Rapidly Attaining Creative Flow by Sean Hodge
7. Put Together Your Portfolio and Blog
Make sure to create a portfolio ( a home base with your own url ) , and blog regularly on what you learn as you grow as a designer .
Three things help get you hired as a graphic designer ( in order of importance ) : your portfolio , your demonstrated experience , your ability to communicate your knowledge on graphic design .
You build all three of these over time .
It 's not something that happens overnight .
Your portfolio is your most important tool in marketing yourself as a graphic designer .
It demonstrates your abilities to practically apply your skills .
When interviewing it also holds some of the greatest weight in you being hired .
Experience takes time to grow .
Someone that has worked in the field for years , run an agency , or worked with large known companies has a tremendous leg - up in the industry .
Do n't get discouraged though , everyone started from ground - zero to begin with .
One of the greatest skills one learns in design school is how to talk and write about design .
It 's not just being able to create something that looks cool , but being able to critically analyze a problem , apply a proven workflow to solving it , and communicate the process .
In the field , this will equate to needing to sell your solutions to clients or bosses .
Or when interviewing , describing how you solved a design problem .
Writing articles for your blog is a great place to practice discussing graphic design , and how you 've solved specific design problems .
It also , in itself , demonstrates your knowledge in the field .
Do n't be afraid to add case studies to your blog , even for personal projects , as it's a great way to build this analytical skill set .
Through self - study , use your blog to write articles as you learn about design .
This serves as a good substitute for assignments you would receive in a design class , and will compliment the design projects you do .
8. Participate in Online and Professional Graphic Design Communities
Becoming involved in the graphic design community and professional associations will increase your connections in the industry and knowledge of the field .
Also , attend conferences and network whenever possible .
Join Professional Associations
A great way to learn about the workings of the graphic design profession is to join professional organizations .
They run conferences , produce articles , books , and other resources .
Some of these organizations work to improve the profession as a whole by lobbying and other activities .
Becoming Part of the Graphic Design Community Online
Aside from professional communities , there are loads of communities on the web that you can participate in .
Below are some graphic design forums you may want to participate in .
Getting Critical Feedback Online and Promote Your Work
Interaction and critique is really important to your growth as a graphic designer .
If you 're not in design school , then you need to find other places that people will tear apart your work , and that you can develop your own critical eye .
The best thing for a young design is to have someone tell them why something they made is n't well designed , and what they might do differently .
This prepares you for clients doing this ( gives you a thicker skin ) , and it helps you grow with your visual and creative problem solving abilities .
I do n't know of the perfect place on the net to find this , but try different online communities or forums .
And if you can find a mentor , even someone with just one or two more years of experience than you , who is willing to critique your work , this can be invaluable .
Try some of the places mentioned below and search further .
Aside from your main portfolio , it also helps to have satellite portfolios , which are submitted to portfolio communities , and where you can get feedback on your work .
They are also great places to promote your work and gain new clients .
Below are some communities to explore .
9. Keep in Mind that Graphic Design as a Discipline Does n't Exist in Isolation
Any study of graphic design will include some connection to related disciplines .
Studying art and illustration will help develop your ability to create graphics .
Studying Marketing will help you place your conceptual solutions within the context of business and consumer needs .
Also , graphic design is often a part of the foundational study for related disciplines .
You 'll be a much stronger web designer , if you have a solid graphic design education for example .
10 . Finding Work as a Freelance Graphic Designer
Aside form landing a job directly , freelancing is a career path available for designers .
There is work out there for almost all skill levels .
You 'll need to work at building your portfolio , negotiating , and your business skills .
There are numerous communities and resources online that can help you grow as a freelance graphic designer , and freelancing is a great way to get a broad set of graphic design projects under your belt .
It 's a great way to grow your skills and learn through real projects , as you study independently .
11 . Evaluate if Self Study or Graphic Design School is Right for You
After evaluating the above steps , do some research on schools , and consider the best course of study for you .
Not everyone has the financial ability or desire to go to college .
Fortunately , it is n't a prerequisite to becoming a professional designer .
The biggest resource in landing a job is your ability to demonstrate your skills , done through your portfolio , and in interviews your knowledge and passion should show .
Going to design school is great , but if you 're diligent you can learn graphic design through independent study .
Keep in mind , I 'm not saying do n't go to college , as that decision is up to you ( I went to Undergraduate school and I took some Graduate courses ) .
Also , you may be in a position that you 're studying something else , but are passionate about graphic design .
Plenty of great designers started in other fields or learned on their own .
Even while I was in design school , some of the greatest lessons I learned came from doing projects on my own , studying online , and books .
A good teacher can be a great resource though and I appreciate all those that helped me learn while I was in school .
If you do plan on going to design school , then spend some time deciding on the right school for you .
What school fits your budget , goals , and ability to attend .
You may want to consider online professional programs as well .
Or for the brave of heart , do it without formal schooling .
Graphic Design Schools
Putting it All Together
Good luck with learning graphic design .
Keep in mind , an undergraduate course takes numerous years to complete , and some even go on to grad school , so do n't set your expectations to high in the beginning , whether you attend school , or go it independently .
It 's OK if it takes even years to master graphic design .
Just study , grow as a designer , do n't give up , and you 'll get there .
Be sure to have fun along the way , or else what 's the point ?
Besides , by the time you 're a great graphic designer , you 'll probably be interested in learning something else .
That 's just the nature of things , right ?
Feel free to link to your favorite graphic design resources ( books , articles , and others ) , as their is an endless amount of great material to get started with , and then to advance your skills as you grow !
You can earn a solid side income from your design skills , by selling graphics of all types or building site themes .
It ’s a great way to get real experience .
Or check out our series that explores careers in design and illustration , which is a great next step after reading this introduction to studying graphic design .
And be sure to stay on top of the latest trends throughout your career .
Remember a few weeks back when Nick Saban called out Alabama fans for not being enthusiastic enough at the Sugar Bowl , thus implying they may have played a role in the 31 - 17 beatdown by Utah ?
Despite the brushback , many wondered why fans continued to support Saban with such passion .
Why did they allow the criticism by Saban to roll like water off a duck 's back ?
Now , we know the answer .
Alabama fans are stupid .
They have low self - esteem .
All of this comes from living in a backwater , racist state .
Who says ?
Meet Chadd Scott , a former radio producer for ESPN 's Colin Cowherd , now a reporter , producer and talk show host in Atlanta at 680 The Fan .
Through his work in radio and as a blogger , he has gained a lot of followers in SEC country .
Among Alabama fans , he is suddenly rivaling Phillip Fulmer on the most reviled list .
In a recent interview , I talked to him about Alabama 's recent NCAA sanctions ( he thinks they were way too harsh ) and he agrees with the school 's decision to appeal .
The conversation covered many topics , from his opinion of Nick Saban ( " he is a liar " ) to the Tide 's cross - state rival ( " Auburn embarrassed itself nationally by firing Tuberville " ) .
Scott 's line about the Tide 's fan base , however , struck the most sensitive nerve .
" It 's low self - esteem , low self - esteem , " Scott said in relation to why fans support Saban with unconditional love .
" If you 're living in Alabama , you 've been told all your life that you 're stupid , your health care is inferior , your education is inferior , the only thing you 've ever been told that is not inferior is your college football . "
And what does this have to with the price of tea in China ?
" As a resident of Alabama , you have a self - esteem issue to begin with , " Scott said .
" Because all of your life , from the national media , you 've been told your state is essentially a racist backwater .
So Alabama fans or Auburn fans are willing to take this criticism because they do n't have the self - esteem to stand up for themselves and say , ' I 'm not a dope , an idiot .
It was n't my fault we lost to Utah .
You can't treat me that way , Nick Saban .
Take it back .
You 're doing a great job .
I want to like you .
But you can't give me this B.S. about we had anything to do with the Sugar Bowl .
That 's nonsense . ' "
OK , so does he have a point or is Scott a typical shock jock trying to make a ( bigger ) name for himself ?
Certainly , Saban opened the door for the criticism by starting the discussion .
The overwhelming majority of fans seemed to back him .
I 'm not sure it has anything to do with education or self - esteem .
I believe it has more to do with years of inconsistency , losing and mismanagement of the Crimson Tide football team , to say nothing of NCAA sanctions and the fact Saban is the best coach Alabama has had since Bryant ( and fans do n't want to lose him ) .
Scott believes there is more to the story .
" You 're telling me as a fan , when your coach bangs on you and blames you for a loss , you do n't have a problem with the way your coach treats people .
How can you not have a problem with it ?
Nick Saban is a classic bully . "
When Saban was hired , Scott joined the chorus of others , mainly at ESPN , in banging on Saban 's head .
" He is a liar and a coward and a quitter and maybe by being all of those things , that will put him in good standing with Alabama fans because I lived in Alabama for 10 years and I 've never met a bigger group of narrow - minded , ignorant , boastful , obnoxious jerks in my life , " he said at the time .
" I 'm painting with a broad brush here and I have every intention to .
I 've met dozens of Bama fans and alumni and the honest , decent , moral , trustworthy ones I could probably count on one hand .
This , however , I 'm not wrong on : Nick Saban is a liar .
Nick Saban is a coward .
Nick Saban is a quitter .
Nick Saban is all of those things and he could n't be rewarded with a more likeminded group of fans than the one he 's about to inherit in Tuscaloosa . "
Today , Scott concedes Saban has done a masterful job in Tuscaloosa .
He just believes Saban does n't need to treat people so badly .
Oh , by the way , did I mention Scott has a liberal arts degree from Auburn ?
" It has nothing to do with my opinion of Nick Saban and Alabama , " Scott said quickly .
" Auburn made itself look ridiculous firing Tommy Tuberville .
I am just as happy to bury Auburn as I am Alabama . "
Scott said because of Tuberville 's firing , he ceased donating money to the school as a means of protest .
This is probably a good thing .
Now , he can use the saved money for a bullet - proof vest in case he decides to take in an Alabama game this fall at Bryant - Denny Stadium .
( Contact Paul Finebaum at finebaumnet@yahoo.com
His column appears Tuesdays in the Press - Register . )
Obama initially agreed to release the photos but angered some of the supporters on the left when he reversed course .
Generals back W.H. on abuse photos
President Barack Obama is enlisting two of his top generals to justify his decision to reverse course on the release of photos of detainee abuse , as the Justice Department pleads with a federal court to withdraw an order to disclose the photos .
The public versions of the declarations Gens .
David Petraeus and Ray Odierno filed Thursday shed little light on the content of the disputed photos of prisoners allegedly abused in U.S. military custody , though Odierno said some of the images might offend “ Arab cultural values . ”
Advertisement
The Justice Department is asking the court to recall its mandate issued on April 27 requiring the government to reveal the pictures in connection with a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union and other groups .
Obama initially agreed to release the photos but angered some of the supporters on the left when he reversed course , saying it would put U.S. service members ’ lives in danger .
“ I have concluded that the official release of those images , even if redacted to obscure identifying information could reasonably be expected to adversely impact current military , political and civil efforts ” in the Middle East and beyond , Petraeus , who heads up the U.S. Central Command , wrote in his declaration accompanying the motion .
Petraeus also said the images would “ further endanger the lives of U.S. soldiers , Marines , airmen , sailors , civilians and contractors presently serving there , ” Petraeus declared .
The court filing came on the same day the Pentagon and the White House denied a report in the London Daily Telegraph that the photos Obama is seeking to withhold from the ACLU include images of prisoners being raped .
It was not clear if officials were denying the existence of the photos or simply denying that they were at issue in the pending lawsuit .
The court filings by Petraeus and Gen. Raymond Odierno , also revealed some of the current U.S. military thinking on the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
The two generals , for instance , portrayed the situation in Iraq as on a razor ’s edge .
Odierno , the commander of U.S. and multinational forces in Iraq , said the small teams of U.S. personnel installed on Iraqi bases and outposts would be in particular danger if new photos of alleged abuse were released .
“ The photos will likely cause a very public and emotional response in Iraq and in the larger Arab world because the images may touch on a number of deep - rooted Arab cultural values that will resonate with the Iraqi public , ” he wrote .
“ This could be a destabilizing event for the prime minister and his government . ”
The photos could even prompt some Iraqis thought to be loyal to the U.S. to switch sides , Odierno argued .
“ The publicity over the images could incite additional attacks on U.S. personnel by members of the Iraq Security Forces ( “ green - on - blue attacks ” ) .
Odierno said the U.S. government ’s concerns about the impact of the photos on upcoming Iraqi elections were based in part on discussions with an unnamed Sunni member of the Iraqi Parliament who said , “ the Iraqi people would react poorly . ”
Petraeus also said release of the photos would undermine the Pakistani government and complicate its cooperation with the U.S.
“ Newly released photos depicting abuse of detainees in U.S. military custody in Afghanistan and Iraq would negatively affect the ongoing efforts by Pakistan to counter its internal extremist threat , ” the general said .
Petraeus warned that , in Iraq , release of the photos could bolster those arguing that Iraqi citizens should have the right to vote up or down on key agreements with the U.S.
“ Pressure will mount on the prime minister to allow for a national referendum on the Security Agreement and the Strategic Framework Agreement , ” the general said .
He implied , but did not say directly , that the U.S. would view such a plebiscite as unwelcome .
The government asked for the stay in order to petition the Supreme Court to hear the case or to allow for the passage of pending legislation that would allow the government to keep the photos under wraps .
Petraeus said that while 21 images were directly covered by the court ’s order , “ a substantial number ” of additional images are covered by the ACLU ’s request .
An ACLU attorney , Jameel Jaffer , had no immediate comment on the government ’s filing .
However , the ACLU has said previously that the government , under the Bush administration , made similar national security arguments to the courts , which considered and rejected them .
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
The government filing acknowledges that Gen. Richard Myers , then - chairman of the Joint Chiefs , and Brig .
Gen. Carter Ham , submitted similar statements in court in 2005 .
While Odierno portrayed the situation in Iraq as on a razor ’s edge , he conceded that “ conditions in Iraq have improved since ” the earlier declarations filed by Myers and Ham .
“ Iraq today is safer , but it is not without risk , ” Odierno wrote .
Portions of the Petraeus and Odierno declarations were classified secret and blacked out in the copies released to the public and lawyers for those seeking release of the photos .
The first - ever report exclusively focused on the global human impact of climate change indicates that more than 300 million people are seriously affected by climate change at a total economic cost of $ 125 billion per year .
Earlier today , former UN Secretary - General , Kofi Annan , President of the Global Humanitarian Forum , announced the results of a report on the human impact of climate change .
The study , Human Impact Report : Climate Change – The Anatomy of a Silent Crisis , emphasizes the present impacts of a changing climate , pulling the debate away from a focus on “ future generations . ”
[ social_buttons ]
Speaking at a press conference in London , Mr. Annan said , “ Climate change is the greatest emerging humanitarian challenge of our time , causing suffering to hundreds of millions of people worldwide .
As this report shows , the first hit and worst affected are the world ’s poorest groups , and yet they have done least to cause the problem . ”
“ Despite its dangerous impact , climate change is a neglected area of research since much of the debate has focused on the long term physical effects , ” said Annan .
“ The point of this report is to focus on today and on the human face climate change . ”
>> See also : EPA Finds Greenhouse Gases Pose Threat to Public Health
The report concludes that by 2030 , worldwide deaths will reach almost 500,000 per year ; people affected by climate change annually will rise to over 600 million and the total annual economic cost increase to around $ 300 billion annually .
Regions at particular risk include the semi-arid dry land belt countries from the Sahara to the Middle East and Central Asia , sub -Saharan Africa , South and South East Asia , and small island developing states .
The report also suggests that the world ’s twenty most vulnerable nations to climate change account for less than one percent of total worldwide emissions .
In addition , 98 % of those affected by climate change , 99 % of all deaths and over 90 % of all economic losses are borne by those countries least able to cope with the impacts of climate change and least able to invest the resources in fending them off .
The Global Humanitarian Forum commissioned Dalberg Global Development Advisers to develop the report in December 2008 by assembling all relevant information and current statistics relating to the human impact of climate change .
Within the limitations of existing research , the report presents the most complete estimate of the impact of climate change on human society today .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/lnVGzlXmgko&hl=en&fs=1]
Image : meaduva under a Creative Commons license
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
The assault on rural America continues unabated .
For the past six months dairy farmers across the country have suffered a historic drop in milk prices while operating costs remain high .
Since December 2008 , the price that farmers are paid for the milk they produce has plunged over 50 percent , the largest single drop since the Great Depression .
While organic dairy farmers have faced a decrease in overall sales due to the recent world financial meltdown and tight budgets on the home front as a result , the current drop in milk prices is impacting mainly conventional and small to mid-size family dairy farmers — the worst crisis most dairy farmers have faced in their entire careers .
Without immediate action from President Obama , USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack and members of Congress , this current crisis could be the launching point for the final liquidation of the independent family farmer .
Plunge in Milk Prices + High Costs of Production = Final Liquidation
According to the USDA , the average cost of production for milk is $ 24.08 per hundredweight ( cwt or 100 pounds ) , while the price dairy farmers were paid for their milk in April sunk to $ 10.78 cwt .
This means that dairy farmers are earning less than half of what it costs to produce their milk .
Imagine having your salary cut in half and still trying to cover the same monthly bills .
Even worse , feed and fuel prices are starting to go up in the past few months .
For farmers , most of whom work too long of hours and are paid too little money , this is the perfect formula for a final liquidation of one of the last remaining independent segments of ag production .
For years , small and medium - sized farms have relied on their dairy cows to stay relatively free from domination by factory farms and corporate agribusiness .
But no longer .
The Past Revisits the Future – 1998 and Eight - Cent Hogs
What we are witnessing today with dairy farmers has happened before and is part of a historic trend that must not be allowed to continue .
As Chris Petersen , President of Iowa Farmers Union and an Iowa family hog farmer , said recently , “ First they consolidated the turkeys and chickens , then the hogs and now they ’re coming after dairy . ”
Petersen spoke at a rally for dairy farmers held on May 30th in Manchester , Iowa , where some 150 family dairy farmers from across the country gathered at a small town livestock exchange , some traveling from as far away as New York and Pennsylvania , in an effort to draw attention to the ongoing crisis .
As a hog farmer who survived the 1980 ’s farm crisis , Peterson is painfully familiar with the impacts that industrialized agriculture and consolidation have had on family farmers and rural America .
For many Iowans , the current crisis in dairy is eerily reminiscent of 1998 , when prices hog farmers were paid for hogs dropped to 8 cents a pound , virtually wiping out an entire generation of hog farmers during a single market downturn .
In 1997 , the year before the crash , there were over 122,000 hog farmers across the U.S. Today less than 65,000 remain .
In Iowa , the nation ’s leading hog producer , there were over 18,000 hog farmers in 1997 , while less than 8,300 exist today , with most animals in this sector now raised in confined animal feeding operations ( CAFOs ) or factory farms .
For those who missed the consolidation of livestock in the 1950 ’s and 1960 ’s when it happened to the chicken growers , and then the 1980 ’s and 1990 ’s when they came for the hogs , this year will be the final sell - off of the family dairy farmer .
The final sector reliant on livestock will at last be captured .
In addition , the industry trend towards animal confinement that has taken off in the past decade in dairy will increase significantly if these small and mid-sized farmers are allowed to fail .
Increasing consolidation in the dairy industry has also played a factor in the current crisis , creating an uncompetitive market for dairy farmers .
Just one cooperative , Dairy Farmers of America ( DFA ) controls 40 % of milk produced in the U.S. , severely limiting competitive pricing for farmers .
But not only does DFA have undue market power , they also have a history of market manipulation and were fined $ 12 million last year manipulating the milk prices in the commodities market .
U.S. Faces Catastrophic Loss of Dairy Farmers in 2009
Leading farm advocacy groups such as Farm Aid and the National Family Farm Coalition are estimating the potential loss of 20,000 family dairy farmers as a result of the current milk crisis .
If action is n’t taken soon in Washington DC , America could lose up to 30 % of U.S. dairy farmers — possibly more — as they strain under the monthly cost of debts , which are piling up each month .
Meanwhile , banks have already started cutting off farmer ’s access to loans across the country and have increasingly begun seizing herds when farmers ca n’t make payments .
In a phone call received last week , one farmer told how a neighboring dairy farmer in eastern Iowa had lost his farm .
The 550 head family dairy farm was seized last month , forcing a father and his two sons off the farm .
Only five years ago , the father had expanded their operation so he could eventually turn the farm over to his sons .
Now that dream is gone .
To make matters worse , the bank seized the last trailer full of cows on a Friday and the youngest son got married the following day , a wedding that turned from a celebration into a tragedy .
The same farmer who related this story said that he had received a call from his banker who was coming to visit his farm the next day , with no reason given .
The farmer said he was current on his payments , but was n’t sure if his credit would be cut off like it had to several dairy farmers he knew across Iowa .
Stories like this are becoming increasingly common in rural America , especially in dairy country – states like California , New York , Pennsylvania , Vermont and Wisconsin .
The loss of so many family dairy farms could launch the next Great Depression for rural America ’s economies .
As farmers are forced off the land once again , as they were in the 1980s , the businesses and communities that rely on them stand to lose their tax and customer base .
Crashing the Farmer ’s Price for Free Trade
While cyclical problems of supply and demand and have caused numerous market collapses in the past , a closer look at the dairy crisis exposes deeper fundamental problems in the dairy sector .
Currently the chattering political class in Washington DC keep repeating the line that the current crisis is due to “ overproduction , ” but an inspection of dairy imports and exports tells a different story
A recent post from John Bunting , a New York dairy farmer who writes for Milkweed and runs his own blog , tallied the imports of milk protein concentrates or MPCs and found a record increase in imports in the first quarter of 2009 .
Between January and March of this year imports of MPCs , not including casein and other dairy products , increased a whopping 24.59 % according to the USDA Foreign Agricultural Services .
MPCs are broken - down proteins and fats created by milk being processed at high temperatures and contain tasty things like bacteria and somatic cells .
More problematic are the fact that MPCs are considered a glue additive and while not actually approved as a food additive by the FDA , Bunting calls them “ technically an illegal ingredient , ” can be found in such things as baby formulas , sports drinks , yogurt , pizza and ice cream .
If that does n’t sound too bad then remember that these foreign milk - like substances are coming from China , India and a host of other countries that do n’t have very stringent food safety regulations .
Think milk from China , melamine in baby formula , etc – not a good strategy for food safety .
Another interesting trend pointed out by Bunting is the loss of dairy exports by the U.S. during the first quarter 2009 , totally over $ 638 million over the same quarter in 2008 .
On top of this , Leslie Hatfield reports over at the Huffington Post that according to the National Milk Producers Federation dairy imports into the U.S. “ have risen from $ 80 million to almost $ 3 billion in the last 10 years . ”
So if we have record imports of milk products that compete against our own farmers on their sales in the U.S. and then they have a net loss approaching a billion dollars in trade that takes away from further potential sales , plus a massive increase in imports over the past 10 years , then what we really do n’t have is a “ surplus ” of milk – but a serious trade deficit when it comes to milk products that is pushing American ’s dairy farmers to the brink this year .
Additionally , for the month of March , Bunting reports that dairy exports fell by 32.9 % .
Even with Vilsack ’s recent implementation of the new dairy export program , it ’s hard to imagine making up that $ 638 million in time to save the thousands of dairy farmers that will be forced to shut down their barns by the end of this year .
Loss of Family Dairy Farms = Death of Rural America ’s Economies
It ’s estimated that dairy farmers are currently losing up to $ 200 per cow , per month .
Since dairy processing and dairy farms have one of the largest economic multipliers of any segment in agriculture , with each cow generating $ 17,000 per year in economic development in the form of jobs , goods and services created , the loss of a single 85 head dairy farm will drain a local economy of nearly $ 1.5 million in economic activity .
For the eastern Iowa county that lost a 550 head dairy farm last month , that ’s $ 9.4 million flushed out of the local economy forever .
Unfortunately , the number of dairy farms being forced out of business is just beginning .
In the next few months , as more banks cut off additional loans to farmers , these numbers are going to climb to record levels for the dairy industry .
A recent conversation with a dairy industry worker revealed the loss of 10 additional dairies across Iowa in the last 6 weeks – totaling another 3,060 dairy cows or $ 52 million erased from small town local economies across the state .
And while $ 52 million is chump change for Wall Street banks , which are churning through government bailout cash faster than a five - legged mule , losing a third of U.S. dairy farms this year will be catastrophic for our rural communities .
For people who are having a hard time understanding how bad this will be :
This could be rural America ’s last stand for independent family farm agriculture .
Increasingly , family farmers , rural Americans and farm advocates are pleading with President Obama , Secretary Vilsack and Iowa ’s Senator Tom Harkin to do something about it before it ’s too late .
Every day , every delay , costs America another farmer .
And our farmers are not a renewable resource that can be grown and planted in a single season .
If up to 30 percent of dairy farmers are forced to go into foreclosure , the U.S. could see over 3.1 million of the nation ’s 9.3 dairy cows sold off and potentially liquidated .
A quick calculation shows the current dairy crisis , if allowed to continue , will blow a $ 52.7 billion hole in rural America ’s economy – most likely more , as the ripple effect will send a shockwave through small towns and businesses across the country .
Rural America is Too Big to Fail
While Senators and Congressmen lined up in Washington during the past year to offer Wall Street a sweetheart deal for making a mess of the U.S. and global economy — erasing a lifetime of earnings for tens of millions of investors because of years of excessive greed — and then reluctantly bailed out Detroit for the sins of auto execs , politicians have done relatively little to help dairy farmers who are facing the crisis of a century .
Sure , Secretary Vilsack has made several small attempts to jumpstart the system , with a few stopgap measures , including $ 150 million in Milk Income Loss Contract ( MILC ) payments — which provided farmers who previously signed up for the program a meager $ 1.51 per cwt subsidy ; the USDA ’s March purchase of 200 million pounds of surplus nonfat dry milk for use in domestic feeding programs ; and a recent use of the Dairy Export Incentive Program ( DEIP ) to subsidize 92,000 tons of dairy products destined for overseas .
However , these steps have done almost nothing to stem the tide .
Unfortunately , none of these actions have translated into higher milk prices .
Most U.S. dairy farmers see these attempts as worse than the usual band - aids farmers have been thrown in the past because it allows politicians to pretend they ’ve actually solved the crisis when really it ’s getting worse every day .
Conversations with dozens of dairy farmers from across the country reveal that the government MILC checks are barely able to cover costs of electricity , let alone feed bills , which have grown by up to 10 percent in the past four weeks .
“ We ’re not asking for a bailout , we ’re just ask for a fair price , ” says Jerry Harvey , a third generation Iowa dairy farmer who milks 70 cows in Promise City , Iowa .
And as many farmers across the country are now saying , if Washington thinks there are banks too big to fail , wait until Americans have to rely on food from foreign countries , which have much looser food safety regulations , to feed their families .
All these farmers are asking for is a fair price for the food they produce for American consumers , it ’s time some folks in Washington start putting their heads together for a sustainable solution .
The cost of failure for America ’s dairy farmer is not something the U.S. can afford .
CARACAS , Venezuela ( AP )  President Hugo Chavez remains popular among nearly two - thirds of Venezuelans after winning a February referendum removing limits on re-election , and he 's feeling emboldened , a private pollster said Tuesday .
The socialist leader 's popularity stood at 59 % in March , just slightly down from the 61 % recorded in February , according to a March 20 - 30 survey of 2,000 people by the Caracas - based pollster Datanalisis .
Results of the survey , which had a margin of error of 2.7 percentage points , were n't unveiled until this week because a group of businesses that paid for the poll had not authorized its release to the public .
Datanalisis said the latest figure is up from 51 % in January , 2008 .
Datanalisis Director Luis Vicente Leon said he believes the president 's popularity ratings appears to have prompted him to enact more radical policies , including the government 's recent moves to seize control of some privately owned food processing plants .
" The radicalization process is the child of the increase in popularity , " Leon said .
Chavez ordered the expropriation of a rice - processing plant owned by Minneapolis - based Cargill Inc. in March and National Guard troops occupied another rice processing plant owned by a Polar , one of Venezuela 's largest companies , that same month .
The takeovers are part of a broader initiative aimed at stemming double - digit inflation by ensuring that companies do not flout regulations that require price - controlled items to comprise at least 70 % of their output .
Nationwide inflation reached 31 % last year — the highest in Latin America .
Venezuela 's budget predicts inflation will be 15 % for 2009 .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Pink Floyd Fan Discovers That ' Dark Side Of The Moon ' Lines Up With ' Animals '
Today , Pink Floyd enthusiast Nigel Thurgood announced in his blog , ' Dark Side of the Wall ' , the discovery that the band 's classic 1973 album Dark Side of the Moon is perfectly aligned with the 1977 album Animals .
A long - time believer in the " The Wizard of Oz -- Dark Side " theory ( known by fans as " Dark Side of the Rainbow " or " If I Only Had a Brain and the Earth 's Only Natural Satellite " ) , which claims that Dark Side of the Moon follows the arc of the popular Judy Garland film , Thurgood claims a similar connection between two of the band 's finest albums .
" You have to hit ' play ' on Dark Side [ of the Moon ] the moment that Roger Waters sings the first line in ' Pigs on the Wing ( Part 1 ) ' on Animals , and the results are amazing , " says the perspicacious Thurgood .
" Then the similarities just keep on coming ... no way could they be coincidental . "
Thurgood points to a number of turns where the albums line up uncannily , including the opening chord to " Breathe " coming in just as " Dogs " begins , and some crazy sound effects in " On the Run " coming in just as " Dogs " decrescendos before David Gilmour 's classic guitar solo .
Inspired by the revelation , Thurgood is now investigating other ways Dark Side of the Moon may align with seemingly unrelated media , such as several speeches by President J. Edgar Hoover and the first two episodes of 21 Jump Street .
" These connections go much further than any of us thought before , " claims the Floydian analyst .
" They 're much sneakier than ' Oz -- Dark Side ' , because no one would ever suspect any band of doing this kind of thing , which is why they 're so obviously brilliant ! "
Not all are convinced that even Dark Side of the Moon and The Wizard of Oz are aligned , but converts to Thurgood 's " Dark Side of the Animals " theory seem to be made whenever it is put to the test .
" The clocks in ' Time ' go off just as Gilmour 's second solo in ' Dogs ' comes to an end , and it 's like , ' Wow ! ' " said Liverpool resident David Bryner , a Floyd fan and reader of Thurgood 's blog .
" Or when the band sings , ' Thought I 'd something more to say ' on Dark Side and then Waters ' vocals come in on ' Dogs ' after a long instrumental breakdown -- totally intentional .
It has to be .
There 's no sane argument to the contrary . "
Skeptics wonder what the point would have been of the band attempting such an awkward maneuver , to which credulous fans have an answer .
" Of course , you have the organ breakdown in ' Us & Them ' and the organ motif reprise in ' Pigs ' , which makes for brilliant thematic consistency , " said Mojo Magazine music critic Paul Bellington .
" Most obvious of all is that ' Money ' starts just as the vocals on ' Pigs ' come in , which is clearly a tip of the cap to the band 's -- or at least Waters ' -- socialist sensibilities . "
Bellington expanded the notion of the " Dark Side -- Animals connection " in an article for the magazine .
An excerpt :
" The line , ' The lunatic is on the grass ' comes in at the part of ' Sheep ' where the grazing sheep get agitated and kill the pigs .
This can only be proof of the band 's highly developed ability to weave motifs together .
The band was , in fact , dabbling in ' mash - up ' long before it became popular and accessible given digital technology .
I 'd go as far as to say that years from now people , will not be talking about Pink Floyd in terms of albums ; rather , their whole streak from Dark Side to The Wall will be considered one album , probably with each record capable of being played simultaneously for additional layers of meaning and complexity . "
Believers claim that the alignment works consistently throughout the album , and is not limited to just a few moments of concomitance .
" Of course , it only works with CDs , which just goes to prove how far ahead of their time they were , given that CDs would n't exist until years after Animals came out , " emphasized Thurgood .
Doubters remain , however .
Most point to the fact that Animals ends a full minute before Dark Side comes to completion , and also that the surviving band members have all vehemently denied contriving one album to line up with the other .
" It 's really just an amusing notion that we would do any such thing , " said former Pink Floyd bassist and lead songwriter Roger Waters in an interview with the BBC .
" But even if we had , that bloody Gilmour and Mason would doubtlessly take full credit , which is pure bollocks . "
Abstract Caves in northern Arizona and western New Mexico are being researched and inventoried by scientists with the U.S. Geological Survey and cooperating agencies .
Southwestern caves have been little studied , and scientists are now finding that these lightless and nutrient - poor natural systems are home to life forms found nowhere else on Earth .
This research has identified unique communities of arthropods ( insects , arachnids , and crustaceans ) that include 3 new genera , or groups of species , and at least 15 new species — some only known to exist in a single cave .
This exciting research is yielding information that will be used by resource managers to better understand and protect fragile and important Southwestern cave ecosystems .
See also : Museum , muséum , and .museum
English [ edit ]
Alternative forms [ edit ]
musæum ( archaic )
Etymology [ edit ]
From Latin mūsēum ( “ library , study ” ) , from Ancient Greek Μου σεῖον ( Mouseîon ) , shrine of the Muses ( Μοῦσα ( Moûsa ) ) .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
museum English Wikipedia has an article on : Wikipedia
museum ( plural museums or musea )
A building or institution dedicated to the acquisition , conservation , study , exhibition , and educational interpretation of objects having scientific , historical , cultural or artistic value .
Usage notes [ edit ]
The plural " musea " has always been very rare in English .
Related terms [ edit ]
Derived terms [ edit ]
Translations [ edit ]
Afrikaans [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
From Dutch museum , from Latin museum .
Noun [ edit ]
museum ( plural museums )
Danish [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
Via Latin mūsēum from Ancient Greek Μου σεῖον ( Mouseîon , “ a shrine of the Muses ” ) , derived from Μοῦσα ( Moûsa , “ Muse ” ) .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
IPA ( key ) : [ muˈsɛːɔm ]
Noun [ edit ]
museum n ( definite singular museet , indefinite plural museer , definite plural museerne )
Declension [ edit ]
Declension of museum neuter
gender Singular Plural indefinite definite indefinite definite nominative museum museet museer museerne genitive museums museets museers museernes
References [ edit ]
Dutch [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
Borrowed from Latin museum .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
IPA ( key ) : /ˌmyˈzeː.ʏm/
: audio
Hyphenation : mu‧se‧um
Noun [ edit ]
museum n ( plural musea or museums , diminutive museumpje n )
Derived terms [ edit ]
Descendants [ edit ]
Latin [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
Borrowed from Ancient Greek Μου σεῖον ( Mouseîon , “ a shrine of the Muses ” ) .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
mūsēum n ( genitive mūsēī ) ; second declension
Declension [ edit ]
Second - declension noun ( neuter ) .
Case Singular Plural Nominative mūsēum mūsēa Genitive mūsēī mūsēōrum Dative mūsēō mūsēīs Accusative mūsēum mūsēa Ablative mūsēō mūsēīs Vocative mūsēum mūsēa
References [ edit ]
museum Glossarium Mediæ et Infimæ Latinitatis ( augmented edition , 1883 –1887 )
( augmented edition , 1883 –1887 ) museum in The Perseus Project ( 1999 ) Perseus Encyclopedia ‎ [ 1 ]
in The Perseus Project ( 1999 ) ‎ museum in Harry Thurston Peck , editor ( 1898 ) Harper 's Dictionary of Classical Antiquities , New York : Harper & Brothers
in Harry Thurston Peck , editor ( 1898 ) , New York : Harper & Brothers museum in William Smith et al. , editor ( 1890 ) A Dictionary of Greek and Roman Antiquities , London : William Wayte .
G. E. Marindin
Norwegian Bokmål [ edit ]
Alternative forms [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
museum n ( definite singular museet , indefinite plural museer , definite plural musea or museene )
a museum
Derived terms [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
“ museum ” in The Bokmål Dictionary .
Norwegian Nynorsk [ edit ]
museum Norwegian Nynorsk Wikipedia has an article on : Wikipedia nn
Alternative forms [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
museum n ( definite singular museet , indefinite plural museum , definite plural musea )
a museum
Derived terms [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
“ museum ” in The Nynorsk Dictionary .
Swedish [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
Borrowed from Latin museum .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
IPA ( key ) : /mɵˈseːˌɵm/
: audio
Noun [ edit ]
museum n
a museum
Usage notes [ edit ]
As the first part of a compound , the form musei- is used .
Declension [ edit ]
Declension of museum Singular Plural Indefinite Definite Indefinite Definite Nominative museum museet museer museerna Genitive museums museets museers museernas
Related terms [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
West Frisian [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
( CNN ) --
A prominent businessman and his family were among the 15 people killed when a plane crashed on Friday in a northeastern resort area of Brazil , CNN affiliate Rede Globo and other Brazilian media reported Saturday .
The coroner 's office confirmed that 11 adults and four children died in the accident , in which the aircraft crashed as it was approaching a runway near the resort town of Trancoso , Rede Globo television network reported .
The plane belonged to Roger Wright -- who was traveling with his wife and other family members .
Wright , 56 , was an ex-partner of Banco Garantia and owner of Arsenal Investimentos , O Globo newspaper reported .
The plane -- which had taken off from Sao Paulo , Brazil -- crashed about 9 p.m. Friday , airport Manager James Souza told CNN .
Souza said it was raining , but visibility was not bad .
Souza said he went down to the fiery crash site after the accident .
" There was no chance of survival , " he said .
All About Brazil
Socialist Appeal - the Marxist voice of Labour and youth .
The United States of America is the greatest capitalist economy in the world .
What does capitalism bring ?
Does it bring better standards of living ?
Does it bring happiness ?
Does it bring justice and fairness ?
Those questions have been answered elsewhere , but the short answer is ‘ no ’ .
But one thing it definitely does not bring is equality of income and wealth .
The last 20 years saw a massive boom in stock markets for the rich and a huge reduction in the welfare state or social safety net for the poor and weak .
Given the current collapse in capitalist economies into the greatest recession since the Great Depression of the 1930s , we now know the growth in inequality was not worth it .
The extent of the inequalities in income and wealth in the US has now been revealed by the US Federal Reserve Bank .
Hidden in an obscure working paper , the Fed ’s researchers have found that the top 1 % of wealth - owning households own 33.8 % of all US household wealth ( namely property , stocks and shares and cash ) .
That ’s up from 30.1 % in 1989 .
The top 10 % of wealth - owners own 71.5 % of all personal wealth !
That ’s up from 67.2 % in 1989 .
Much of this wealth has been accumulated from the rising value of stocks and shares and bonds ( namely financial wealth rather than in property ) .
The top 1 % of wealth holders own 52 % of all shares and 62 % of all bonds , up from 41 % and 52 % respectively in 1989 .
The top 10 % now own 90 % of all shares and 98 % of all bonds !
Inequality of income among American households is less than it is for wealth , but it is still very unequal .
The top 1 % of households got 17 % of all income earned in 1989 .
Now that figure is over 21 % .
The top 10 % got 42 % in 1989 , but they now receive over 47 % of all income .
The share of income taken by the bottom 50 % of American households has fallen from 15.6 % in 1989 ( yes – that ’s all they get ) to 14.6 % now .
And as for wealth , the bottom 50 % can forget it .
Many do n’t own homes and none have stocks and shares .
Their ‘ wealth ’ is restricted to a bit of cash savings .
In 1989 the bottom 50 % had just 3 % of all America ’s household wealth ; now they have just 2.5 % .
So much for the American dream .
Traditional publishing was revolutionised by the advent of print on demand services .
As the digital age advanced and new printing and printer ink technology became available the approach to publishing changed .
Print on demand has seen a boom as unlike traditional publishing the technical setup is much quicker , costs are reduced due to low inventory costs and publishers only print the number of books according to the demand .
Print on demand has also become a popular means of creating customised business cards , greeting cards and a variety of other mediums .
Here are twenty of the best print on demand services on offer .
1. Blurb
Blurb tailor offer a generalist print on demand service .
They will print just about anything in book form such as a first time novel ; a blog book ; a wedding memory book and photography books .
They have a flexible pricing structure which is dependent on the book size ; the paper used ; the page count and whether the book is a soft or hardcover .
For instance a 7×7 inch soft cover book of no more than 40 pages , using standard paper will cost around £ 6.95 per book .
All the self publisher has to do is download the Blurb Booksmart software which is used to edit the layout and content of the book .
Once the self publisher has finished the overall design and look of the book , they can submit it for publishing .
2. Lulu
Lulu is another generalist print on demand publisher who will print books ; calendars ; photography books ; brochures and even comic books .
The advantage of using Lulu is that there are no setup fees and they even offer additional services such as editing ; marketing tools and advice , and press releases which are very handy for a first time author who has little or no experience in publishing and marketing .
They offer a flexible pricing structure based on the book size ; paper type ; number of pages ; binding and whether it is a paperback or hardcover book .
A single 7.5 x 7.5 inch paperback book of no more than 40 pages using standard paper will cost around £ 4.76 .
Depending on the package selected all the author needs to do is open an account with Lulu then upload the content of the book .
Once the author has created the cover using the Lulu software and edited the book , it can then be published through the Lulu website .
3. Booksurge
Booksurge caters to authors of books and do not publish other print material like calendars or brochures .
They offer comprehensive packages to authors that include publishing ; editing ; design and distribution services .
Booksurge is a subsidiary of Amazon.com Inc. and in addition to publishing , they also offer marketing tools to help the author achieve maximum online promotion for their books .
In order to publish a book , the author needs to submit the manuscript as a Word document , Text File , RTF or PDF and the Booksurge designers will convert make it print - ready .
They offer a flexible pricing structure based on the package selected the most basic of which starts at $ 799 and includes 10 books where the author is responsible for the cover design and interior formatting , however the book will get listed online with leading retail and wholesale booksellers .
4. Xlibris
Xlibris cater to book authors and therefore only publish books .
They offer an extensive range of services to help authors get published and to assist with the editorial and promotional sides of publishing .
Aside from traditional types of books , they also offer specialised publishing services which include the creation of leather bound books , US Copyright registration and extensive distribution services .
After initial consultantation with one of Xlibris ’ publishing consultants and the package selection , the author submits their manuscript , cover images and text to Xlibris who will print out a review copy of the book for the author to approve .
Only once the author has approved the proof will the book actually be published .
Pricing varies depending on the package and costs start at around $ 299 for a basic package .
5. Moo
Moo are not print on demand publishers for books , however they do print personalised business cards , postcards , greeting cards , stickers and mini cards .
They are reasonably well priced with business cards starting at £ 10.99 for a 50 card pack .
They have various templates to choose from and enable you to upload your own logo , text ; images and to select the type of paper on which to print .
Once you have finished customising the print material , all you need to do is pay and they will print the product and send it to you .
6. Love Online Print
Similar to Moo , however Love Online Print over a range of printing services catering to business needs including stationery like business cards , letterheads , invoices and envelopes , as well as cheque books , brochures , manuals , reports and labels .
The service is very easy to use as all you need to do is select the product type , add your text and images , or even upload your own design and then place your order .
Once payment has been received they will print your chosen product and send it to you .
The pricing ranges according to product selection and quantity , for example 100 full colour business cards cost approximately £ 32 .
7. Printondemand
Book publishers , printondemand - worldwide.com , have been around for 13 years and offer some of the best printing prices around .
For instance 100 books can be printed from as little as £ 3.83 per book .
The pricing structure is dependent on the type of book , number of pages , paper used and the size of the book .
They will print all types of books including novels , journals , educational books and art books .
Their offering is slightly different to other on demand book printers in that not only do they cater to the needs of self publishing authors but small organisations and large mainstream publishers as well .
8. Spiderwise
Another good book printer is Spiderwise .
They offer a range of services to help the self publishing author including formatting the book , designing the cover , assigning an ISBN and distributing the book to various bookseller retailers and wholesalers including Amazon.com , Barnes & Noble and many more .
The advantage of using Spiderwise is that they take care of the finer details like resizing the pages , formatting margins to printer standards and designing a unique , professional cover - all you need to do is supply the content of the manuscript and they do the rest .
Spiderwise offer several different packages and an all inclusive package costs £ 349 .
9. Imex Print Services
Marketing themselves as full colour specialist printers , Imex offer a range of printing services from catalogues , brochures , booklets to greeting cards , business cards and business stationery .
They are short run printers who aim to dispatch orders within 24 hours .
Their prices are reasonable with business cards starting at £ 18 for 50 colour cards .
You can select a template to use from their online catalogue or design your own using their software available online .
There is also an approval process before the product is printed so that you can review it and make changes prior to printing .
10 . The Book Printing Company
A generalist printer , The Book Printing Company is a subsidiary of Printondemand - worldwide.com and offers a range of printing services .
Self publishing authors are advised to visit the parent company ’s website , while The Book Printing Company prints material such as training manuals , greeting cards , leaflets , catalogues and magazines .
Prices range according to the publication type and number of pages and packages start from £ 169.50 for 50 copies of a 100 page book .
They do outsource the actual printing to Fast Print but all you need to do is supply them with a copy of the content and they will assist you in the layout design , scanning photographs and proofreading the copy .
11 . Fast Print
Fast Print offer a range of services for self publishing authors from the basic print and delivery service to the comprehensive Platinum service which includes on demand printing ; creation of a web page for your book , listing the book on bookselling websites , book trades and a publicity campaign .
This service is very expensive , at £ 2999 , however it is probably one of the best comprehensive packages around as it provides services normally associated with traditional publishers such as complete promotion and editing .
12 . Printwize
Very reasonably priced on demand printers , Printwise offer a range of packages for printing leaflets , brochures , business stationery , business cards , posters , folders and postcards .
500 hundred A6 colour leaflets will only cost around £ 50 , however you have to supply all the artwork .
Once received , they will typeset it and send the proof to you for approval .
On approval , the package will be printed and sent to you .
Printwise is similar to traditional printers in that they do not offer templates or online design facilities however they do on demand printing .
13 . Manuals2go
Specialists in printing manuals , training materials and books , Manuals 2go offer two print on demand services : next day service and short run service .
The next day service always a maximum of 20 copies with a maximum of 100 pages in each copy , while the short run service offers a 5 to 7 day turn around for up to 250 copies for A4 manuals .
They also offer additional services such as scanning and full design and layout .
Generally speaking , it is cheaper to supply the completed proof to them which they will then print .
14 . Abramis
Specialising in print on demand publishing for academic titles , they offer a great package which includes a competitive royalty payment scheme , short runs for finished manuscripts and distribution of titles to online booksellers such as Amazon , both the US and UK site .
They tailor the printing cost to the type of publication and will supply a quotation on demand .
The benefit of using Abramis is that they have experience in the academic publishing market and will help ensure that the books are published to the recommended standard .
15 . Cambrian Printers
Cambrian Printers were established in 1860 as traditional printers however they have more recently embraced the print on demand market and offer competitive services .
They are well established as printers of journals , books , magazines and catalogues and can advise all new self publishing authors on the ins and outs of the publishing process .
They offer a complete service including design and processing of DTP files , lamination and binding , however unlike the newer print on demand book printers they do not offer marketing and promotional services .
16 . Dubo
Dubo are a self publishing consultancy who offers competitive prices starting at £ 3.50 per book .
They specialise in copy editing , typesetting , indexing and page design , in addition to offering the generation of the ebook format or traditional book format .
They also offer both online and offline promotion services and will handle the finer details like registering an ISBN number and distribution of the book .
17 . The Choir Press
The Choir Press publishers offer a print on demand service for self publishing authors ; small firms and large publishing companies .
They have an impressive client list which includes Macmillan and Liverpool University Press and in addition to printing , they also offer editing , proofreading , design ; preparation of print - ready files and delivery of finished books .
If you submit print - ready files print on demand packages start from around £ 245 for 10 copies of a 64 page paperback .
18 . Pen Press Publishing
Focusing on print on demand book publishing , Pen Press Publishing offer packages from £ 695 .
The package includes manuscript typesetting , cover design , proof approval before printing , barcoding , an initial stock of 50 books , ISBN registration , internet distribution via Amazon and wholesaler distribution via Gardners , Bertrams and Nielson Bookdata .
19 . Print Resources
Print Resources provide print on demand services to publishers , small businesses and corporate print buyers .
They digitise , store , print and deliver documents as and when the client needs them .
The turnaround time is very quick as all titles are stored digitally and are printed with just a click of a button .
For book print runs , they will print as few as 25 copies in order to keep the print costs down .
20 . In Control Marketing
In Control Marketing offer a complete print on demand service using their Innovate solution .
Utilising the capabilities of online editing , the interface allows the customer to edit , review and proof the documents held online .
The customer can use predefined templates and modify the artwork to suit .
The Innovate Print on Demand solution also has sophisticated search and reporting facilities and allows organisations to order and reorder through the portal .
The service is aimed at print service providers who want to provide print on demand services to the clients without having to change their existing printing technologies .
Wall Street wants to regain your trust .
Mutual fund managers , stockbrokers , Wall Street executives , and the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) want Americans to keep the faith that buying and holding stocks , for the long term , is a key to building personal wealth .
This is a tough sell considering Americans have watched their 401 ( k ) s become 201 ( k ) s .
Not to worry says the laughable SEC , they ’ve got your back covered .
Here is what is stated in the SEC ’s 2008 Annual Report : " Today , as more and more investors turn to the markets to help secure their futures , pay for homes , and send children to college , our investor protection mission is more important than ever .
And as the nation ’s securities exchanges mature into global for - profit competitors , there is even greater need for sound market regulation . "
Of course , this is nothing but hot air from a worthless bureaucracy .
If the SEC was going to help Wall Street turn over a new leaf , it would immediately investigate why Goldman Sachs recently issued a " buy " recommendation regarding Ford Motor Company ’s common stock .
I promise this investigation will not transpire as the Wall Street banksters are in control and will continue to rip off anybody foolish enough to trust them .
Today , conventional wisdom asserts that Ford remains the only sound domestic automaker as Chrysler is in bankruptcy and GM will likely follow suit .
Ford , moreover , has not taken any bailout funds , from the Federal government , and this is viewed positively by the buying public .
Along these lines , there are Americans who refuse to purchase a car from GM or Chrysler due to their acceptance of bailout funds .
Of the " Big 3 " U.S. automakers , Ford has the most positive image .
So why did Patrick Archambault , of Goldman Sachs , recommend buying Ford stock on April 22 , 2009 ?
Here are some key reasons conveyed in his recommendation :
Goldman
Sachs does not foresee bankruptcy at Ford as the automaker has sufficient liquidity to make it through 2010 without additional funding .
Ford ’s earnings will improve by $ 9.3 billion from this year through 2012 .
It is estimated that Ford will pick up about 25 percent of the market share GM and Chrysler will lose as they reorganize in bankruptcy and shed brands .
Based upon these factors , and others , Patrick Archambault predicts that Ford ’s stock may climb by " … 58 % percent to $ 6 within six months . "
Mr. Archambault , Goldman Sachs , and Wall Street are depending upon something very important .
They are counting on the fact that business analysts on television and in the print media will not question this recommendation .
These Wall Street charlatans also know Americans are financially illiterate and can’t read a balance sheet —
I ’m certain the same holds for members of the aforementioned mainstream media .
For if someone actually analyzed Ford ’s 12/31/08 fiscal year - end audited financial statement , it would be painfully obvious Goldman Sachs recommended the stock of a company that is insolvent .
Ford Motor Company , indeed , possesses cash and marketable securities totaling $ 15.7 billion in its automotive operations and $ 24.3 billion in its financial services unit .
Yet , this does not overcome the facts that Ford has a deficit working capital position of $ 15.1 billion and a deficit equity position of $ 17.3 billion .
Plain and simple , Ford is broke and will not survive , intact , America ’s current economic depression .
For those who own Ford Motor Company stock , be assured it will head to $ 0 when Ford goes into bankruptcy ; and most likely becomes another state - owned automaker .
Why in the world did Goldman Sachs recommend buying Ford stock ?
The answer came nearly three weeks after Goldman ’s recommendation .
On May 12 , 2009 , Ford announced it had raised approximately $ 1.4 billion in a stock offering consisting of 300 million common shares .
Shortly before Goldman made its buy recommendation , Ford ’s common stock was selling for $ 3.80 per share .
Immediately after Goldman ’s recommendation , Ford ’s stock zoomed up to $ 4.33 per share .
By May 12th , Ford was able to price its 300 million share offering at $ 4.75 per share .
I ’d say Mr. Archambault ’s recommendation netted Ford an additional $ 285 million in proceeds , from this stock offering , due to his recommendation ( this is the difference between offering 300 million shares at $ 4.75 vs. $ 3.80 ) .
One could also argue this stock offering may not have transpired at all had a heavyweight , such as Goldman Sachs , not put out a prior buy recommendation on Ford .
Is there , nevertheless , a more sinister motive behind this recommendation ?
In my opinion , Goldman Sachs was doing the bidding of the Obama administration .
We know there is a cozy relationship between the White House and Wall Street ; in which the Working Group on Financial Markets ( aka : the Plunge Protection Team ) exists specifically to serve the President of the United States .
Members of the working group have close ties to Wall Street — and especially to Goldman Sachs .
With the messy situations President Obama is dealing with at Chrysler and GM , perhaps it would be best to deal with Ford ’s looming failure ( and subsequent rescue ) later rather than sooner .
Hence , it would make sense to help Ford raise some cash , on the capital markets , in order to give it some additional cash to " burn " — thereby putting Ford ’s financial collapse further into the future .
To strengthen my hypothesis , and to deepen the plot , it is important to bring Ford ’s top executive into the picture .
Ford ’s press release , about this stock offering , states the following : " Net proceeds to Ford from the offering are expected to be used for general corporate purposes , including to fund with cash , instead of stock , a portion of the payments the company is required to make to the Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association ( VEBA ) retiree health care trust with the United Auto Workers . "
The press release further states :
" We are pleased with this equity offering , which is another key step in our plan to transform Ford into an exciting , viable enterprise poised to return to profitability , " said Alan Mulally , Ford president and CEO .
" By issuing equity now and potentially funding a larger portion of our future VEBA obligations with cash , we are able to further improve our balance sheet and significantly reduce the potential dilutive impact of the VEBA obligations on existing shareholders . "
( Italics added )
The Hyperinflation Sur ... Swanson , Gerald Best Price : $ 4.58 Buy New $ 9.13 ( as of 08:40 EST - Details )
This is a smokescreen in which Ford ’s president and CEO must feign excitement in that part of the newly raised capital is being diverted from operations and given to the UAW ’s retiree health care trust .
Alan Mulally , most definitely , would have preferred for the entire $ 1.4 billion to be used for working capital purposes .
With unions being a significant voting block for Barack Obama , I have little doubt Mr. Mulally was informed this stock offering had strings attached .
If Ford was going to get the Working Group ’s assistance in raising capital , via a stock offering , some of the funds had to be diverted to President Obama ’s powerful ally — the United Auto Workers .
After all , UAW executives are smart enough to understand that Ford ’s stock may become worthless so it is better to put cash in the retiree health care trust rather than the stock of an insolvent company .
Does the chairman of the SEC , Mary Schapiro , even care about stock manipulation at all ?
Does it not pique a modicum of curiosity when a major brokerage firm puts out a buy recommendation regarding the common stock of a company which is broke and has bleak prospects due to atrocious economic conditions ?
And shortly after the buy recommendation this company is able to raise over $ 1.4 billion — via a stock offering — with a percentage of the funds being diverted to the grubby hands of President Obama ’s major ally , the UAW .
This certainly looks like manipulation and payola to me .
Rest assured , there will be no stock - manipulation investigation launched by the SEC .
To be sure , there is no " new " Wall Street .
It remains the same old playground for corrupt , wealthy elites to find ways to separate you from your money .
Ford Motor Company ’s successful stock offering is just another glaring example .
Eric Englund Archives
The Best of Eric Englund
One early result of today 's global recession is that many donor governments are trimming their foreign aid programs .
Before taking office , the US president , Barack Obama , had promised a doubling of American foreign assistance , from $ 25 bn to $ 50 bn ( £ 15.5 bn to £ 31bn ) , but since then the vice - president , Joe Biden , has warned that this commitment will probably be achieved more slowly because of the downturn .
Here in Finland , our aid decreased by 62 % in the early 1990's , a period that Finns still call " the depression " .
Japan 's overseas aid declined by 44 % when that country hit hard times .
The current worldwide slump could bring a cut in official development assistance ( ODA ) of 30 % .
It is easy to predict that donor governments will be looking carefully at the ever - growing expenditure on the United Nations ' 14 peacekeeping operations around the world .
The total bill for all UN operations in the 12 months to mid-2008 reached $ 6.7bn , about twice the level 15 years ago .
One can only imagine the grave consequences if operations that are already spread thin are cut .
Recall that the Rwandan genocide was preceded by a similar lack of enthusiasm for financing the UN mission there .
Recent events in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and elsewhere suggest that there is no room for complacency .
But by far the biggest transfer of assets from rich countries to the developing world takes place through migrant workers ' remittances .
Few decision - makers seem aware of this .
In 2006 , around 150 million migrants sent roughly $ 300bn to their families in developing countries .
The number of transactions is huge , estimated at 1.5 bn remittances annually .
Most are for sums of only $ 100 - $ 300 , and they normally go towards immediate household consumption .
The value of all ODA in 2006 was $ 126bn , less than half the value of private remittances , even though it includes assistance from OECD and non-OECD countries , as well as from China .
If the recession costs migrants their jobs in richer host countries and forces them to return home to their countries of origin , millions of already poor people will be thrown into greater poverty .
The possible impact can be gauged by looking at where the $ 300bn in remittances are distributed .
In 2006 , poorer European countries received about $ 50bn , Africa got $ 38bn , Latin America and the Caribbean $ 68bn , the Middle East $ 24bn .
Asia is the major beneficiary , receiving $ 113bn .
In all , an estimated 10 % of the world 's population is estimated to benefit from remittances , with 57 countries each receiving $ 1bn or more annually .
Indeed , some countries are dependent on this income flow .
Cape Verde received 34 % of its GDP from remittances , Eritrea 38 % and Burundi 23 % .
In Asia , the figures were 30 % for Afghanistan and 38 % for Tajikistan , while in Europe , Moldova received 31 % of its GDP from external sources .
Some of these countries are either in conflict or are fragile states , so a diminishing flow of remittances will aggravate their instability , and perhaps increase the flow of migration to other countries .
Governments in Europe and elsewhere should therefore consider carefully what other forces will be at work if and when migrant workers are sent home .
These governments already spend tax money on direct foreign aid .
So they should weigh tax breaks that might entice employers to keep migrant workers on the payrolls , as this would probably be a much more efficient way to support these poor countries .
Moreover , given that transaction costs often take a big slice of remittances , aid mechanisms could be used to create safe and cheap channels for financial flows , especially where private money cannot easily reach remote rural areas , as is often the case in Africa or Asia .
Anti-terrorism laws are a problem here , because the demand for more effective control mechanisms on international financial transfers places an extra burden on remittance operators .
These new rules have certainly pushed transaction costs higher .
But the fight against terror and its financing means that governments and financial institutions have extensive data on the cross - border flow of money , which should be used to help people send money to their relatives more easily .
Sending money to some countries is now allowed only through formal banking channels , and this has created virtual monopolies while preventing remittance money from reaching rural areas where banks do n't operate .
In west Africa , a simple money transfer operator now handles 70 % of official payments and imposes exclusivity on banks .
Allowing more informal financial institutions to channel foreign payments would ease the money flow to remote regions .
Co-operatives , credit unions , and new forms of microfinancing could form networks that would ensure greater accessibility .
Restrictive legal rules in some countries exclude migrants from using official banking systems unless they have the necessary legal status .
Other countries , however , have taken steps to make remittance transfers possible via mobile phones .
The sheer size of these remittances , and their importance in keeping many millions of people above the poverty line , suggests that rich - country governments should take a careful look at the existing system .
An improved system could help alleviate the burden imposed on innocent victims of the financial and economic downturn .
Such a review of remittances should look into restrictive practices that could be abolished , and ask whether official assistance should be adapted to the needs of this informal yet crucially important aid network .
Pär Stenbäck is a Finnish former minister and journalist
Copyright : Project Syndicate , 2009
MADRID ( MarketWatch ) --
At the world 's only regulated marketplace for fish and seafood derivatives in Bergen , Norway , the outlook for salmon prices is looking pretty good .
" Currently - traded futures salmon prices should stay at much higher levels than the average of previous years , " said Birgitte Sørheim , marketing manager for Fish Pool .
The January to December 2010 contract for salmon futures is 30.50 ( $ 4.73 ) Norwegian krone per kilo , against an average of 26 krone over the last few years , she said .
" That 's a clear upward trend . "
Meanwhile , the volume in salmon contracts is at 32,000 year - to - date , double what it was last year , she said .
No surprise then that Norway 's Marine Harvest ( MHG ) , the world 's largest producer of farmed salmon , is doing a boom .
Shares are up 268 % year - to - date , soaring from a November low of 0.77 Norwegian krone to a share price of around 3.87 krone and still climbing .
Meanwhile , shares of Cermaq ( CEQ ) , which produces salmon feed and also farmed salmon and trout , are up 81 % year - to - date .
Biologists inject the experimental anti-ISA virus vaccine to a salmon in a lab in Puerto Montt , 1000 km south of Santiago on October 2 , 2008 .
AFP
What 's been driving prices higher is a disease that has killed millions of salmon in Chile , the world 's second - largest producer next to Norway .
Since 2007 , Chile has been battling infectious salmon anemia ( ISA ) , which causes hemorrhage in internal organs of the fish among other things , is highly contagious and hard to control .
" In contrast to all other commodities , Atlantic salmon has seen rapidly rising prices in 2008 / 2009 .
The reason is a dramatic fall in supplies from Chile , " said Aslak Berge , analyst at First Securities , who rates Marine Harvest a strong buy .
" As a consequence of severe biological problems , Chile is slashing their salmon production by 75 % from 2008 to 2010 .
This is pulling down the total global salmon supplies .
We foresee supply fall year - on - year both in 2009 and 2010 , " said Berge in an email interview .
Other analysts see a shortage in salmon three and four years out , a loss of some 10 % to global output .
In earnings released earlier this month , Marine Harvest said supplies from Chile would begin to fall in the second quarter , leading to a drop in global supply of salmon from this quarter and throughout the year .
Fish Pool 's Sørheim said futures prices at the exchange , which currently only deals in salmon , are higher than the price levels calculated into the shares by many analysts , implying further upward momentum .
Reeling in the growth
The seriousness of the situation in Chile and its affect on global production became very apparent during the middle of last year , said Sjur S. Malm , equity analyst at
SEB Enskilda .
" ISA gradually grew through 2007 , and until mid-2008 -- most estimated Chile 's production down some 30 % in 2009 .
During the second half of 2008 it was very evident this was not only big -- but a huge challenge .
So gradually through 2008 the problem has been estimated larger and larger .
Currently , we estimate Chile 's production down 55 % in 2009 and another 30 % in 2010 , " he said .
Though Marine Harvest is facing restructuring costs over Chile , its home country of Norway and biggest supplier of salmon appears to be in good shape as far as production goes , with the U.K. , Ireland and Canada also delivering good underlying numbers , and Australia a growing producer , the company said earlier in May .
Malm has a buy rating on Marine Harvest and other stocks in the sector , such as Cermaq , Lerøy Seafood Group ( LSG ) and Austevoll Seafood ( AUSS ) .
" We are fundamentally positive to the salmon farming sector for the coming years , given the supply shock from Chile . "
On its face , the stock looks expensive , trading on about 28.9 times 2009 earnings , and 8.9 times 2010 forward earnings .
Berge said based on " extraordinary profitability in several years ahead , the valuation does n't worry investors . "
Operational gearing -- the extent to which a firm 's total costs are fixed -- is high in the salmon industry , explained Malm .
" If we say that the production cost for a kilo of salmon is around NOK 20 , e.g. , when price moves from NOK24 to NOK28 , the profitability is doubled .
At NOK32 , the margin is tripled , so clearly a high salmon price leads to high earnings and supports share prices for the salmon farmers . "
But that 's not to say there are n't a few possible fish hooks out there .
Malm said the big risk for the industry is whether the run-up in salmon prices can be sustained by the consumer .
Retailers could turn to other species than salmon , which could cut into demand , he said .
Also , the higher price paid to farms has yet to trickle down to the retail chains .
" Thus , the big test of the salmon market will be this price increase .
We believe it is very likely that such a price increase will lead to some demand destruction , which is also what we saw in 2006 , " he said .
Others noted that lower business activity for hotel , restaurant and catering could also reduce salmon consumption .
Mikael Clement , analyst with Pareto Securities , has a long - term buy rating on Marine Harvest , with a NOK4.5 price target , given their current salmon price estimates of NOK29.5/kg in 2009 and NOK30 / kg in 2010 .
" Salmon is a medium - priced protein in retail stores .
We believe that salmon thus is pretty well protected in regards to a global recession .
Recent reports are for rising demand , " he said , but also noted the possibility of price sensitivity , and rising retail prices negatively impacting demand .
Even better in this space , he likes LSG .
" We are very bullish on LSG .
LSG is more attractively valued , has a significantly stronger balance sheet , has no Chile - exposure , and a strong , global sales and distribution arm , " said Clement in an emailed comment .
He added that recently , free float -- liquidity of shares -- in LSG " improved significantly . "
Higher prices headed downstream
But cautious voices over Marine Harvest are out there .
Klaus Halebrekke , analyst with DBN NOR Markets , believes demand for salmon will fall once supermarkets in the European Union -- the biggest consumer market for the fish - increase prices .
He said demand destruction from higher prices will overshadow the effects of much lower global supply .
" Even though we fear demand destruction from higher prices , we expect a very good salmon market that will generate well above normalized margins the next years , but current salmon price closer to NOK40 per kg is probably too high , " he said in emailed comments .
" Consumers are trading downwards due to the recession and with a significant price hike for the consumer in the next months , we fear that consumers will choose other alternatives as there are plenty to choose from . "
He has a sell rating on Marine Harvest , which he views as expensive , compared to cheaper options such as LSG , Grieg Seafood ( GSF ) , Lighthouse Caledonia ( LHC ) , Cermaq and Austevoll Seafood , the last of which he rates a buy .
In terms of liquidity , Marine Harvest is the best , and also has the highest correlation towards spot salmon prices , therefore when those prices go up , share prices increase , but also vice - versa .
However , the issue with that company , he said , is that valuation implies " super profit " for many years , owing to the Chilean - induced global shortage of salmon .
Investors , he said , are leaning too much on price / earnings levels around 10 times on " super profit " margins , which is challenging in a cyclical industry at booming margins .
" Investors did not know this lesson during 2000 , and did not learn in 2006 - 2007 and we fear that investors are heading towards the same situation again , unfortunately . "
Tomas Skeivys , analyst at Orion Securities , has a reduce rating on Marine Harvest , and shares the same concerns over higher prices denting consumer demand .
" The salmon prices are supported currently by the high shortage of supply from Chile and no significant decrease in the demand .
However , I believe that such salmon prices are not sustainable in the longer term . "
And even higher prices for salmon , he said , do n't support the high premium Marine Harvest commands versus its peers .
" So if one thinks that share prices will be supported by continuously increasing or at least stable high salmon prices , he should ask himself , what happens when prices start to go down ?
After all , such high salmon prices clearly do not support higher demand for salmon , " said Skeivys in emailed comments .
While it will take some time for higher prices to hit consumers , he predicts it will happen , " and the demand is likely to drop afterwards . "
Update : Alas , we knew it was too good to last !
Apple has removed the menu page from the Web ( probably restricted to actual on campus folk ) , and now you 'll just get redirected to Apple 's homepage .
But the deliciousness was there , we swear !
—DM
As you ’re well aware , Apple runs a pretty tight ship over at its Cupertino campus .
However , it appears that the company does n't really mind sharing what 's featured on its delicious menu for employees .
As a service for said workers , Apple has published an iPhone Web app at menu.apple.com that lists everything on the Caffè Macs menu across all five of the company ’s campuses .
Neatly divided into categories for breakfast , lunch , and dinner and then sub - divided by the variety of cuisine , the Web site also lists the prices and ingredients of the meal .
It ’s Apple , after all — what did you expect ?
I would n’t be surprised if they put out a press release declaring that this was a revolution in the field of menus and that they were five years ahead of any other restaurant in the world .
Seeing a dedicated Web app for the Caffè Macs menu does make me wonder what the company ’s impetus could be behind not having a mobile Web interface for MobileMe users as well .
I mean , really , it ’s high time MobileMe stopped treating Mobile Safari like a second - class citizen and at least showed a darned login page already .
Lawyer and human rights activist Stanislav Markelov murdered in Moscow
By Vladimir Volkov
23 January 2009
On January 19 , Stanislav Markelov was shot in the head and killed in central Moscow by a masked man using a silencer .
The assassination took place in broad daylight not far from the Kremlin .
The 34 - year - old lawyer and human rights activist was president of the Institute for the Supremacy of Law .
Anastasia Baburova , a 25 - year - old student in the journalism department at Moscow State University and correspondent for the liberal opposition newspaper Novaya Gazeta ( New Gazette ) , tried to shield Markelov from the killer but was also shot in the head .
Later that evening , she died in the hospital .
The specific reason for the murder of Markelov and who ordered it have not yet been established .
But it is clear that this savage and cold - blooded killing is bound up with efforts to eliminate those who , regardless of their views and political connections , have sought to shed light on the many murky aspects of the actions of the Russian authorities in the Caucasus and in Russia itself .
Both victims of this assassination were open opponents of the Russian nationalists .
The attack on Markelov occurred after a press conference in which he spoke about the case of Colonel Yuri Budanov .
Markelov had filed a complaint with the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation over Budanov 's early release from prison .
Budanov was released from prison on January 15 , having served eight - and - a - half years of a ten - year sentence .
His parole caused outrage in Chechnya , where the Budanov case had become a symbol of the tyranny and violence inflicted by the Russian army in the province .
In March 2000 , a few months after the start of the Second Chechen War , Budanov kidnapped from her home and then killed the 18 - year - old Chechen girl Elsa Kungayeva .
After he killed her , he ordered his subordinates to bury her body .
After an autopsy was performed on the girl 's corpse , it was established that she had been raped and severely tortured .
As in many similar instances , Budanov would certainly have gotten away with his crime if it had not been the object of wide publicity .
Nevertheless , the Russian authorities did everything possible to prevent his conviction .
At first , the court exonerated him , and only under public pressure both in Chechnya and Russia did Budanov finally end up in prison .
Budanov is the kind of professional killer , sadist and rapist often found in the Russian army .
But among Russian nationalists , the colonel in the tank corps was glorified as a " hero of Russia . "
Visa Kungayev , the father of the girl Budanov killed , reported that Markelov had been threatened shortly before his murder .
In one text message that the lawyer received , Budanov was directly named and Markelov was told to stop defending the Kungayev family .
Izvestia , which is de facto the official organ of the Kremlin , was forced to acknowledge that " The version that the lawyer 's murder is connected with the release of Colonel Budanov comes quickly to mind .
In actual fact , various forces who sympathise with the convicted colonel ( and there are many ) could have thereby tried to block the appeal of the decision to free him . "
Nurdi Nukhazhiev , human rights representative in Chechnya , insists on the " Budanov version " of Markelov 's murder .
" With this shooting , the defenders of former Colonel Budanov celebrated the release of their idol , " said the Chechen ombudsman on January 20 in the newspaper Kommersant .
Other explanations of the motives behind the murder of Markelov have been offered .
Frederika Beyer , representative of Amnesty International , suggested in Kommersant that Chechen authorities may also have taken part in eliminating Markelov , since clients of the murdered lawyer include residents of Chechnya who have disappeared , becoming victims of the authoritarian , pro-Moscow regime of Ramzan Kadyrov .
This version is supported by Vyacheslav Izmailov , a reporter for Novoya Gazeta .
He recalled the case of the Chechen Magomedsalikh Masayev , who told Russian journalists that Ramzan Kadyrov 's people had kidnapped him .
Soon after , he disappeared .
Markelov took up his case and tried to reveal the fate of the missing man .
Markelov also worked with the journalist Anna Politkovskaya , who was killed in Moscow on October 7 , 2006 , in investigating the case of Sergei Lapin , who was in the OMON ( military police ) .
Lapin , whose nickname was Cadet , was a senior lieutenant from Khanty - Mansiisk who tortured to death the 26 - year - old resident of Grozny , Zelimkhan Murdalov .
Anna Politkovskaya wrote about this incident in Novaya Gazeta , and Markelov defended the parents of Murdalov .
As a result , Lapin was sentenced to eight years in prison .
One of Markelov 's clients was Mikhail Beketov , chief editor of the newspaper Khimkinskaya Pravda .
Beketov criticised the administration of the Moscow region of Khimki .
In particular , he fought to preserve the Khimki forest , which was about to be cut down in order to build a road .
In November 2008 , Beketov was severely beaten by unknown persons and remains to this day in serious condition in a hospital .
Markelov represented Beketov in a slander case connected with the journalist that was launched by the head of the Khimki administration , Vladimir Strelchenko .
It has also been noted that Markelov defended members of the left - radical movement " Antifa , " one of whom , Aleksei Olesin , has been charged by the authorities with hooliganism .
On January 20 , the day after the lawyer 's murder , meetings in his memory were held in three cities : Moscow , Saint Petersburg and Grozny , the capital of Chechnya .
About 150 people gathered on Prechistenka Street in Moscow .
Among them was Vladimir Lukin , representative of Human Rights in Russia .
People decorated the site of the murder with flowers , candles and photographs of Markelov and Baburova .
The action had not been approved by the authorities , but the police did not prevent it from occurring .
That evening in Moscow , there was one other unsanctioned meeting in which about 200 young leftists who consider themselves anti-fascists participated .
Their banners and slogans proclaimed , " Fascists Kill — the Authorities Cover Up . "
After being dispersed by the OMON , they regrouped at another location and engaged in acts of vandalism .
They smashed the windows of several stores and banks , as well as the McDonald 's near the metro station Tretiakovskaya .
In Petersburg , about 100 people gathered at the site where the student Timur Kacharava had been killed .
He was the victim of an attack by members of a nationalist group on November 1 , 2005 .
In Grozny , about 3,000 people gathered and demanded that the authorities find and punish Markelov 's killers .
They adopted an appeal to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , demanding " an objective investigation of all crimes committed on the territory of the Chechen Republic , including war crimes . "
Markelov 's death is being compared to the murder of Anna Politkovskaya , which caused an international uproar and has not been solved to this day .
There was also the murder on July 10 , 2004 , in Moscow , of the American journalist Paul Khlebnikov , and the death in November 2006 of the former Russian special services officer Alexander Litvinenko .
The latter was the co-author of a book that linked the explosions in apartment buildings in Moscow and Volgodonsk in the fall of 1999 ( which killed about 300 people and served as the pretext for launching the Second Chechen War ) with activities of the FSB , successor to the KGB .
Russia has one of the highest levels in the world of murdered journalists .
In the last several years , their number has reached into the dozens .
The Russian Internet is filled with speculation about the participation of the Kremlin in encouraging and supporting ultra- right nationalist movements .
Such theories are advanced , for instance , with regard to the DPNI ( Movement Against Illegal Immigrants ) .
This movement calls for the expulsion from Russian territory of all guest workers from Central Asia , the Caucasus and other republics of the former USSR .
Russian businessmen use these workers as a source of cheap labor .
Today 's Russian authorities openly preach Russian nationalism .
An illustration of this is what Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said at the beginning of March last year , soon after the election of the new president , Dmitry Medvedev , who had been handpicked by Putin .
In describing the views of the newly elected president , Putin said that he is " no less a Russian nationalist , in the best sense of the word , than I am . "
One can anticipate that as the economic crisis deepens in Russia , the burden will fall on the broad layers of the working population and deepen the mood of social protest .
Under these conditions , the Kremlin will encourage an atmosphere of nationalist hysteria in order to frighten and persecute people who oppose its policies .
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - The United States and its Asian allies could look at tougher responses should diplomacy fail to get North Korea to abandon its nuclear program , officials at a security conference said at the weekend .
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates told his counterparts from South Korea and Japan on Saturday that while diplomacy was preferred , other steps may be considered if it failed .
“ Six party talks are the preferred course of diplomacy , ” Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell said , referring to the now defunct talks among the two Koreas , China , Russia , Japan and the United States to disarm the North .
“ But given that the six - party talks have n’t produced the results we ’re looking for , Gates also made the point that while we pursue that course , we have to look at other options ... to improve our defenses , if that becomes necessary , ” he told Reuters .
A Japanese government official , briefing reporters on Saturday after Gates met Japanese Defense Minister Yasukazu Hamada on the sidelines of the Asian Security Conference in Singapore , said missile defense was one of the topics raised .
“ There are two paths we can take against North Korea , ” the official quoted Gates as telling Hamada .
“ One is the diplomatic effort through six - party talks or the United Nations .
The other is for Japan , the U.S. and South Korea to strengthen anti-nuclear proliferation measures .
Specifically , that could mean missile defense and other defensive moves against North Korea . ”
CONSULTATIONS ABOUT TEST
South Korea on Tuesday joined the Proliferation Security Initiative , an ad hoc alliance of states working to stop shipments of weapons of mass destruction .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
An outraged North Korea then declared the truce ending the 1950 - 53 Korean War to be dead and threatened to attack the South .
Gates has not elaborated on how the United States might respond to North Korea , but he earlier said no additional troops will be sent to the peninsula , where 28,000 U.S. soldiers are stationed , and has stressed diplomacy in his remarks .
South Korean and U.S. troops , however , have been on heightened alert over the possibility Pyongyang may provoke an incident along the heavily armed border .
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Jim Steinberg will lead a U.S. delegation to Asia this week to consult regional players on how to respond to North Korea ’s latest nuclear test .
Stephen Bosworth , the U.S. special envoy on North Korea , was expected to accompany Steinberg on the visit to Japan , China , Russia and South Korea .
The delegation also includes Stuart Levy , the Treasury under- secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence , and Admiral James Winnefeld of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
“ It is an effort to go to each of the capitals to have a good working level discussion , to see what people are thinking and where we ’re heading , what kind of ideas can be offered .
And we ’ll come with ideas of our own , ” Morrell said .
The delegation will not visit North Korea , which has been condemned internationally since conducting the nuclear test , its second in two and a half years .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
Gates said on Saturday the United States would not accept a nuclear - armed North Korea .
The Obama administration would also hold North Korea “ fully accountable ” if it transferred any nuclear material outside its borders , he said .
LONG - RANGE MISSILE
North Korea has warned of an intercontinental ballistic missile test in anger over U.N. Security Council punishment for what Pyongyang said was a satellite launch on April 5 .
South Korean news reports at the weekend said the North was preparing to move an inter-continental ballistic missile toward a testing site on its east coast , an indication such a test might happen soon .
North Korea has conducted two such tests before .
In New York , the United States and Japan have circulated a draft U.N. Security Council resolution , condemning the nuclear test and demanding strict enforcement of sanctions imposed after the North ’s first atomic test in October 2006 .
Western diplomats said permanent Security Council members Russia and China have agreed in principle that North Korea should be sanctioned , but it was not clear what kind of penalties they would support .
Both are generally reluctant to approve sanctions .
British Minister for International Defense and Security Ann Taylor told Reuters on Sunday she remained hopeful the resolution would include tougher financial sanctions .
“ There is a genuine world concern , and hopefully a consensus will come from that , ” she said .
“ It is that unity of action that I think is important here .
Because if we only can get the unity of action , the regime in North Korea will understand the strength of feeling and will begin to take notice . ”
Gates also met on Saturday with China ’s representative at the Asian Security Conference , Ma Xiaotian , deputy chief of staff of the People ’s Liberation Army .
Beijing has been reluctant to get tough with the North , up until the latest nuclear test .
Thai Monks Find the Path to “ Beervana ”
When life gives you lemons , so the saying goes , make lemonade .
And when it gives you beer ?
Well , it does n’t take a genius to find a use for the beverage itself , but then there ’s the question of all those empty bottles .
Some of us might ask ourselves , “ What would the Buddha do ? ”
The monks of Wat Pa Maha Chedi Kaew temple , in eastern Thailand ’s Sisaket region , have come up with their own unique answer to that question .
Using more than a million beer bottles collected from local people since 1984 , they have constructed an assortment of buildings ranging from the temple itself to the crematorium , water tower , and even the bathrooms .
The mountains of green and brown bottles find their way into designs that are elegant and thoroughly traditional .
Check out this amazing roof :
And this mosaic made of , yes , bottlecaps !
As an added bonus , the bottles ’ transparency ensures that the temple ’s interior wo n’t be dark and gloomy — in other words , instant enlightenment !
Strictly speaking , Buddhists are urged to “ refrain from taking intoxicants , ” so the Wat Pa Maha Chedi Kaew monks may miss out on some of the fun of obtaining their unusual building materials .
But since there ’s apparently no shortage of beer bottles in Sisaket , what better way to save souls than to save empties ?
The monks may even want to consider brewing some of their own beer someday — anyone for a Buddhweiser ?
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
[ Haskell ] ANNOUNCE : sendfile - 0.1
Announcing sendfile - 0.1 : A library which exposes zero - copy sendfile functionality in a portable way .
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/sendfile-0.1
Right now it supports natively linux 2.6 + ( maybe older too ) and windows 2000 + -- on other platforms it will fall back seamlessly to a portable haskell implementation .
Please test it out and send your experiences / bug reports to HAppS at googlegroups.com .
Patches for other platforms also welcome ( but please preserve the existing style ) .
Recommended initial testing steps : cabal install sendfile wget http://patch-tag.com/r/sendfile/snapshot/current/content/raw/test.hs runghc test.hs open http://127.0.0.1:8000 in your web browser and see if test.hs was rendered properly ( firefox recommended ) see which mode it was rendered in ( stdout will say one of WIN32_SENDFILE , LINUX_SENDFILE , or PORTABLE_SENDFILE ) Happy Hacking !
Matthew Elder -------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell/attachments/20090624/835c9e01/attachment.html
Stasi Archive Surprise East German Spy Shot West Berlin Martyr
The name of Benno Ohnesorg became a rallying cry for the West German left after he was shot dead by police in 1967 .
Newly discovered documents indicate that the cop who shot him may have been a spy for the East German secret police .
Advertisements
Rush Limbaugh ’s hatred of all things McCain now extends to 97 year old Roberta McCain .
After McCain ’s mom said on The Tonight Show that Rush ’s GOP does n’t represent her , Limbaugh fired back by saying her Republican Party gets shellacked in election after election , but do n’t they both belong to the same party ?
Here is the video of Roberta McCain on The Tonight Show :
Advertisements
Roberta McCain said , “ I do n’t know what the man means , I do n’t know what he ’s talking about … the chairman of the Republican party [ Michael ]
Steele was exactly right when he defined him as an entertainer . ”
Of course , this caused Rush to go on the attack against a 97 year old woman .
Here is the audio of Limbaugh ’s response courtesy of Media Matters :
Limbaugh ’s response was , “ She ’s right , absolutely right .
The Republican Party she belongs to gets shellacked election after election . ”
Do n’t they both belong to the same party ?
Is n’t Rush ’s party also getting shellacked in election after election ?
In fact , one could validly argue that Roberta McCain ’s Republican Party enjoyed a great deal of success until Rush Limbaugh came to power .
Ever since Rush Limbaugh started giving the GOP advice , the party has been hitting new lows .
It is no surprise that Rush would jump all over the comments of a 97 year old woman , but ignore the jokes of Wanda Sykes .
Rush attacked , McCain ’s mom as a way of blaming McCain for losing the last election .
Limbaugh is the leader of that group of flighty Republicans who believe that their party is fine .
All the blame rests with John McCain .
Plus , no Republican is allowed to question the iron hand of Rush Limbaugh without facing serious consequences .
I wonder what Rush ’s excuse will be when the GOP loses more congressional seats in 2010 .
Who will he blame when Obama obliterates their 2012 nominee ?
One thing is clear .
Everything that goes wrong is never Limbaugh ’s fault .
There is always someone else to blame , even when the GOP is doing it Rush ’s way .
The Dollar Dike Gives Way ?
“ China stuck in dollar trap , ” says the headline on the front page of the Financial Times .
The FT says China is buying more U.S. bonds than ever .
It must …according to the news report … because it has too many .
Unless it supports the dollar , it risks a big collapse in the value of its foreign exchange holdings ( mostly in dollars ) .
China has its finger in the dike .
But it may need a bigger finger .
This morning it is trading at $ 1.40 per euro – a new low for the year .
Measured against gold , it now takes 958 dollars to buy a single ounce of gold .
“ We have a huge amount of money in the United States , ” said Wen Jiabao , premier of the People ’s Republic of China , back in March .
“ I request the U.S. to maintain its good credit , to honor its promise and to guarantee the safety of China ’s assets . ”
In response to this request , U.S. Secretary of the Treasury , Timothy Geithner , answered in the positive .
Whether he had his fingers crossed behind his back , or not , we do not know .
But for the moment , the United States is honoring its promises in the short run…but doing so in such a way that dooms the Chinese in the long run .
Now , the Fed is buying U.S. Treasury bonds .
So are the Chinese .
Supporting each other , they are also supporting prices of bonds – which happen to be the largest single source of financing for the U.S. government and the largest single liquid asset of the Chinese government .
Despite the support of the biggest investors in the world , the price of bonds and the price of the dollar both sank last week .
Which makes us wonder : what happens when both the United States and China turn into sellers ?
That may not happen soon .
But it will happen .
For now , the United States has to sell trillions more in bonds to finance its imperial ambitions , bailouts and boondoggles .
The Fed will have to buy them …along with the Chinese .
If stocks fall – as we expect – they are likely to be joined by many other buyers too – all seeking safe haven in the world ’s leading credit .
But at some point , as always , what must happen will happen .
Not forever can the United States spend $ 2 for every dollar it receives in tax revenues .
Not forever can the Chinese support the value of a bad investment , in which they are already too heavily invested , by buying more of it .
Not forever can the dollar hold its value when the Fed is busy creating hundreds of billions more of them .
And not forever can the Fed continue to inflate the currency when the dollar is falling .
Since the Fed inflates by buying bonds , when consumer price inflation begins to menace the bond market , it must deflate by selling them .
When that moment approaches , even if it is months or years ahead , Daily Reckoning readers are warned : that will be a bad time to be visiting China … and a bad time to be holding U.S. Treasury bonds … and a bad time to be standing behind the dike .
Meanwhile , the International Herald Tribune says that Latvia is being crushed under a huge government deficit .
Formerly middle - class citizens are out of food , says the paper .
Further down on the socio-economic ladder are scenes of “ Dickensian misery . ”
What provoked this horror , according the IHT , is a current budget deficit equal to 12 % of GDP .
Wait !
The US budget deficit is 13 % of GDP .
Sooner or later , that deficit will crush Americans too …
Enjoy your Memorial Day ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
Chrysler may be down in the dumps these days , but Blue Oval is far from blue .
Across the interweb comes news that Ford has pulled ahead of Honda in initial quality rankings for 2009 , as per a study conducted by RDA Group .
That breaks last year 's three - way tie for the top spot , leaving a mere two - way tie between Ford and Toyota .
( We keep hoping they 'll have some sort of knife fight or log - rolling contest to duke it out , but so far , no luck . )
Specifically , Ford jumped up five percentage points in RDA 's rankings , bringing the company to a satisfaction rating of 79 % .
Which vehicles came in at the top of their respective segments ?
Ford Mustang ( sports car )
Ford Taurus ( large car )
Ford Taurus X ( crossover utility )
Mercury Milan ( midsize car )
Ford Ranger ( compact pickup )
We 're mystified by at least one of those , but hey : with everything else that 's going on , we 'll take whatever good news we can get .
[ source : Ford ]
And I was n't even ­arrested .
One Sunday morning , there was something that looked very like a spud gun lying on our back lawn – plastic but fashioned to minutely resemble James Bond 's favoured Walther PPK .
In spite of my wife 's protests , I picked it up .
She was right : far too heavy to be a toy .
Once the firearms squad had swept the garden , they got out the DNA swabs to eliminate my clumsy hands from their subsequent examination of the gun .
But , Jacqui , I 'd like you to keep my DNA .
For as long as you want .
I simply can't see why not .
I 'll fight as hard as the next man against the loss of genuine civil liberties .
I do n't think I should be held without charge for more than a couple of weeks .
I do n't want to have to carry an ID card when I go out for a pint of milk .
But I truly do not understand how my DNA profile sitting in a database limits my rights or freedoms .
As long as I remain law - abiding , it is valueless .
Not a single conviction has been overturned as a result of misleading DNA evidence .
Indeed the forensic tide is now running in the opposite direction : as the Guardian reported ­yesterday in launching its Justice on Trial series , the Criminal Cases Review Commission wants to make vastly wider use of DNA to examine possible ­mis­carriages of justice – all resulting from more questionable forms of ­evidence .
And if in the future a fault is discovered in the reliability of DNA , it would not invalidate a DNA database but merely make more stringent demands on any jury assessing it .
When I was a magistrate , I found myself sitting on a pre-trial hearing of two young men who had suddenly been arrested for a rape committed three years previously .
It was the early days of DNA and , out of nowhere , it had brought them into the frame .
It was a genuinely shocking experience .
The ­victim had been unable to identify the assailants but now there was hope of closure for her .
It was a very powerful moment .
And there have been many others since .
Just Google " rapist DNA " and you 'll bring up the cases of any number of multiple rapists newly identified by a chance DNA test , either of them or of a close relative .
But good cases do n't necessarily make good laws .
Instead , let 's imagine how it would be if there were a universal DNA database .
If a potential rapist knew that his DNA was on file , he would know arrest was a near - certainty .
A genuinely powerful deterrent and , even if not , this would still remove many violent attackers from the streets long before they committed their second or third crime .
As with vaccinations , we might in the end develop herd immunity against rape and many other violent crimes .
And we do not class vaccination as an intrusion .
So , home secretary , please start with my DNA profile and keep going until you 've got everyone .
Because I passionately believe that there 's a Gordian knot of nonsense - thinking that we need to cut through : this is simply not about innocence or guilt .
The argument has become dangerously skewed : that " only the guilty deserve to be swabbed , that the innocent should not suffer this apparent indignity " .
It 's only on this basis that the European court of human rights has recently found against the Home Office .
But what indignity ?
Why should this be an issue that divides the guilty and the innocent ?
There are many pieces of information that we surrender in order to make ourselves safer : for instance , I can not get a passport without assembling many personal details far more intimate than my DNA profile .
From the age of 16 , I allowed the state to tag me with a number that will then track all my working hours until the day I die .
A visit to any social security office will demand information vastly more intrusive than my DNA .
The information demanded by these agencies changes all the time , so why not now include a DNA profile among the information a government has a justifiable need to collect ?
Simply because the police were the first to ­collect this information , it has been filed under " Fit Only for Criminal Types " .
It has been wrongly filed .
After all , what can the state do with it ?
The other information it holds on me seems far more " corruptible " .
If you really want " police state " information on me , simply get hold of my Visa , ­Nectar and Blockbuster cards .
Assuming you 're planning to launch your fascist super - state , you will garner far more useful behavioural details from my mobile phone bill than from my DNA profile .
Furthermore , a universal database would put an end to any anxieties about discrimination against certain over - represented groups in the current hit - and - miss system .
" No More State Intrusion " has become a rallying cry of both left and right , the left tending towards an anarchic utopia of individualistic anonymity , the right determined to reduce the size of government at any price .
But in this instance , there is no slippery slope , no widening wedge .
This is bog-standard , harmless information with a potentially immense and exciting power to do good .
There are real battles out there to be fought , and this is not one of them .
When Microsoft released Windows Vista " Ultimate Edition " a while back , many users purchased the special version because of the promised " extras " not available to standard Vista users .
Imagine the disappointment when Microsoft failed to live up to the hype .
( Source : cnet.com )
Now , a group of dejected consumers are urging Microsoft to give all Vista Ultimate owners a free upgrade to Windows 7 as compensation for their trouble .
Vista Ultimate Disappointment
In 2007 , amidst the anticipation and fanfare over the upcoming " Ultimate " version release of Vista , Microsoft began touting all of the " Ultimate Extras " people could expect with the special edition .
According to initial reports , Ultimate Extras were to provide regular " cutting - edge programs , innovative services and unique publications . "
( Source : itworld.com )
Fast - forward to the release date , and consumers were treated with a product that showed limited add - ons and a slow release pace .
It took about five months for complaints to start rolling in and , despite pleas from Microsoft promising to pay more attention to the needs of their clients , the add-ons were slower than ever -- and releases were few and far between .
No New Updates in 8 Months
To make matters worse , Microsoft has not offered any new releases since September 2008 , with the addition of three screensavers , some new sound effects and a multi- level puzzle game called Microsoft Tinker .
This is hardly the " cutting - edge programs , innovative services and unique publications " promised all those months ago .
( Source : reuters.com )
Chance to Reshape Their Public Image
However , more than a few people feel as though Microsoft still has a chance to redeem itself .
A free upgrade to Windows 7 would not only appease the angry " Vista Ultimate " consumers , but it could also help reshape the public image of Microsoft as being a compassionate company who never leaves their loyal customers stranded .
Given these economic times , Microsoft needs all of the media help it can get when battling rivals .
The upgrade will not cost Microsoft dearly , considering the fact that those who purchased Vista Ultimate would probably not be inclined to go out and purchase a Windows 7 upgrade on their own , especially after being duped in the first place .
In essence , Microsoft has everything to gain and very little to lose .
Windows 7 Pricing
While the pricing for Windows 7 editions has yet to be set , Microsoft is planning to offer free or discounted upgrades to users who purchase Vista PCs after July 1 .
Those who purchase Vista Ultimate after that date will likely be upgraded to Windows 7 Ultimate .
( Source : pcworld.com )
Hopefully , Windows 7 Ultimate will have more to offer than Vista Ultimate did .
We just announced that we 've settled the lawsuit we filed against Cisco a few months ago .
( See this previous blog post for more information about that . )
The press release explains the terms we 've agreed to , but I wanted to take a moment to talk about what people can draw from this .
Whenever we talk about the work we do to handle violations , we say over and over again that getting compliance with the licenses is always our top priority .
The reason this is so important is not only because it provides a goal for us to reach , but also because it gives us a clear guide to choosing our tactics .
This is the first time we 've had to go to court over a license violation .
Before it gets to this point , we always try to work cooperatively with a violator : companies come into compliance faster that way .
And when the violator admits that there 's been a mistake and demonstrates they want to fix it , we take it as a sign that we can cooperative productively , instead of an opportunity to pounce .
Ideally , we 'd prefer to simply not see license violations .
That 's why the Compliance Lab puts so much effort into educating people about the license , through all sorts of channels like publishing the FAQ and answering questions over e-mail .
But if we can't have that , the next best thing would be to have violators cooperate with us to address whatever issues arise .
It has been done , and the reason it 's possible is because our goals are not opposed to other peoples ' : we 're not out to wreck businesses or make lots of money .
We just want compliance .
And any company selling free software should n't have any problem providing that .
If your company has questions or needs consultation on any free software licensing issues , do what more and more companies are doing : contact the FSF Compliance Lab .
We 'll be happy to help you work towards good compliance practices .
Nightmarish Financial Numbers
Minyanville.com had the headline , “ Velocity of Money Comes to a Standstill . ”
The report starts off with the news that “ Current consumption , which at $ 8.2 trillion is around 70 % of GDP , has fallen $ 150 billion from last year , ” and that investment , which represents things like building factories , is $ 1.3 trillion or 11 % of GDP , and down 23.3 % from last year . ”
This is certainly bad news , although I am always leery of the concept of velocity , as it is just the plug number that makes Fisher ’s famous equation ( MV = PQ ) work out , namely that the Money supply times the turnover of the money ( Velocity ) equals the Quantity of things sold times the Price of those things that were sold .
Simple .
So since the Money supply ( as measured by M2 ) is growing at almost 9 % , Prices overall ( as measured by the broad CPI ) are not growing very much , and the Quantity of goods sold is way down as consumers stop consuming since they are out of money and credit , then Velocity must , by arithmetical necessity , be going down .
Now do you know something that you did n’t already know ?
But perhaps this seeming fascination with velocity has something to do with why Bloomberg.com reports that “ U.S. household wealth fell in the first quarter by $ 1.3 trillion , extending the biggest slump on record , as home and stock prices dropped . ”
Yikes !
And in just the first three months of the year !
You may be thinking to yourself , “ Well , since the Worthless Mogambo Idiot ( WMI ) goes ballistic at the drop of a hat these days , probably as a result of his having such a tenuous and apparently transitory grasp of reality , maybe he is just over - reacting , and this is not so much . ”
If you are one of those people who thinks such things , then I laugh – Hahaha !
– in your face , and in response to the quizzical look on your face at my sudden rude arrogance , I hold up the rest of the article where it says , “ Net worth for households and non-profit groups ” is a nice , tidy $ 50.4 trillion , which seems like a lot of money , but which is actually the “ lowest level since 2004 , ” and which was down from $ 51.7 trillion in the fourth quarter .
For some reason , they add , “ The government began keeping quarterly records in 1952 , ” probably as a reassuring way of saying , “ If you ignore the staggering loss of buying power of the dollar , which one experiences as a rise in prices , and you ignore the costs of all the taxes , fees and expenses of the cost of holding and accumulating all this net worth , and you only look at nominal prices then and now , then it looks like you are a lot better off than you were in 1952 , and we have records to prove it , no matter what that Stupid Mogambo Loudmouth ( SML ) has to say about it ! ”
For homeowners , the bad news is that the report showed that “ Owners ’ equity as a share of their total real - estate holdings decreased to 41.4 percent last quarter from 42.9 percent in the fourth quarter , ” which is bad news from the perspective of The Bad Old Days ( TBOD ) when Mortgage Equity Withdrawal ( where homeowners were stupidly borrowing the increased “ equity ” that resulted from their houses going up in value so that they could spend it on sex , drug and rock & roll ) , was running in the hundreds of billions of dollars a year , fantastically super - charging the economy .
The ugly bottom line is that “ The economy contracted at a 5.7 percent annual pace in the first quarter and consumer spending rose at a 1.5 percent pace . ”
Thus , the habit is engrained , as “ Total borrowing by consumers , businesses and government agencies increased at an annual rate of 4.1 percent last quarter compared with a 6.2 percent gain the prior quarter .
The gain was paced by a 23 percent surge in borrowing by the federal government , reflecting spending linked to the stimulus plan . ”
And this does n’t even count , of course , “ Borrowing by state and local governments increased at a 4.9 percent rate ” , as they continue their habit of spending more than they can take in .
Bill Bonner here at The Daily Reckoning notes that , as we see , “ some habits are hard to break .
The habit of getting something for nothing is one of them , ” and at this rate , “ The official US debt is exploding .
Bill Gross says it will be 100 % of US GDP within 5 years . ”
Instantly my mind goes into some kind of weird dream and all I can see is three numbers floating around , bumping into one another .
One of them is $ 14 trillion ( which is GDP ) , and the other two are the number $ 11.3 trillion ( which is the current national debt ) , and the last one is the number $ 3 trillion ( which is how much MORE national debt will accrue this year alone ) because of the sheer staggering amount of irresponsible deficit - spending the federal government will almost certainly commit this year , including the already - announced eye - popping $ 1.84 trillion in budget deficits and Another Freaking Trillion ( AFT ) or so in “ surprise ! ” emergency supplemental appropriations as the year goes along , as is Congress ’s habit , altogether an insane amount of new money that guarantees ruinous inflation in consumer prices , which is the outward manifestation of the purchasing power of the dollar going down due to unprecedented creations of more and more money diluting the money stock , a devastating process which leads to social upheavals , a prospect which scares me so much that statistical analysis shows I usually pee in my pants in fear .
That is why I usually wear an adult - sized diaper when reading economics news , a habit I suggest that you get into , too , if you are going to keep up with the economics stuff , because you are going to get some nasty shocks , such as Mr. Bonner saying that national debt exceeding GDP in 5 years is actually optimistic , and that his “ guess is that it will reach that level even sooner ” which is one of those dense oracular announcements that could mean anything , such as “ We ’re all freaking doomed because the damned GDP may go down by a lousy 20 % , making existing federal debt equal 100 % of the economy Right Freaking There ( RFT ) ! ”
Or he could mean that “ We ’re all freaking doomed because the damned economy will remain at a standstill , at best , while the debt grows like a cancer , resulting in a debt - to - GDP exceeding 100 % . ”
Either way , the news is bad , except for those who have been buying gold , silver and oil , and for them the news will be good !
Whee !
This investing stuff is easy !
Until next time
The Mogambo Guru
for The Daily Reckoning
EXCLUSIVE :
President Obama ’s efforts to curb the spread of nuclear weapons threaten to expose and derail a 40 - year - old secret U.S. agreement to shield Israel ’s nuclear weapons from international scrutiny , former and current U.S. and Israeli officials and nuclear specialists say .
The issue will likely come to a head when Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu meets with Mr. Obama on May 18 in Washington .
Mr. Netanyahu is expected to seek assurances from Mr. Obama that he will uphold the U.S. commitment and will not trade Israeli nuclear concessions for Iranian ones .
Assistant Secretary of State Rose Gottemoeller , speaking Tuesday at a U.N. meeting on the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) , said Israel should join the treaty , which would require Israel to declare and relinquish its nuclear arsenal .
“ Universal adherence to the NPT itself , including by India , Israel , Pakistan and North Korea , … remains a fundamental objective of the United States , ” Ms. Gottemoeller told the meeting , according to Reuters .
RELATED MATERIAL :
• Sidebar : America has protected Israeli nuke program for 40 years
• Click here to see the National Security Archives at George Washington University .
• Click here to download the May 4 statement by Iran ’s Deputy Foreign Minister at the Third Session of the Preparatory Committee of 2010 NPT Review Conference .
• Click here to download a PDF of a memo that has been declassified by the Nixon library .
She declined to say , however , whether the Obama administration would press Israel to join the treaty .
A senior White House official said the administration considered the nuclear programs of Israel and Iran to be unrelated “ apples and oranges . ”
Asked by The Washington Times whether the administration would press Israel to join the NPT , the official said , “ We support universal adherence to the NPT .
[ It ] remains a long - term goal . ”
The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue .
Avner Cohen , author of “ Israel and the Bomb ” and the leading expert outside the Israeli government on the history of Israel ’s nuclear program , said Mr. Obama ’s “ upcoming meeting with Netanyahu , due to the impending discussions with Iran , will be a platform for Israel to ask for reassurances that old understandings on the nuclear issue are still valid . ”
For the past 40 years , Israel and the U.S. have kept quiet about an Israeli nuclear arsenal that is now estimated at 80 to 200 weapons .
Israel has promised not to test nuclear weapons while the U.S. has not pressed Israel to sign the nuclear NPT , which permits only five countries - the U.S. , France , Britain , China and Russia - to have nuclear arms .
The U.S. also has opposed most regional calls for a “ nuclear - free Middle East . ”
The accord was forged at a summit between Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir and President Nixon on Sept. 25 , 1969 , according to recently released documents , but remains so secret that there is no explicit record of it .
Mr. Cohen has referred to the deal as “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell , ” because it commits both the U.S. and Israel never to acknowledge in public Israels nuclear arsenal .
When asked what the Obama administration ’s position was on the 1969 understanding , the senior White House official offered no comment .
Over the years , demands for Israel to come clean have multiplied .
The Iran factor
Iranian leaders have long complained about being subjected to a double standard that allows non-NPT members India and Pakistan , as well as Israel , to maintain and even increase their nuclear arsenals but sanctions Tehran , an NPT member , for not cooperating fully with the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the U.N. nuclear watchdog .
On Monday , Iranian Deputy Foreign MinisterMohammad Ali Hosseini told a U.N. meeting preparing for a major review of the NPT next year that nuclear cooperation by the U.S. , France and Britain with Israel is “ in total disregard with the obligations under the treaty and commitments undertaken in 1995 and 2000 , and a source of real concern for the international community , especially the parties to the treaty in the Middle East . ”
The Obama administration is seeking talks with Iran on its nuclear program and has dropped a precondition for negotiations that Iran first suspend its uranium enrichment program .
“ What the Israelis sense , rightly , is that Obama wants to do something new on Iran and this may very well involve doing something new about Israel ’s program , ” said Henry Sokolski , executive director of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Policy Education Center , a Washington think tank .
Bruce Riedel , a former senior director for the Middle East and South Asia on the White House National Security Council , said , “ If you ’re really serious about a deal with Iran , Israel has to come out of the closet .
A policy based on fiction and double standards is bound to fail sooner or later .
What ’s remarkable is that it ’s lasted so long . ”
Mr. Riedel headed the Obama administration ’s review of strategy toward Afghanistan and Pakistan but does not hold a permanent administration position and has returned to private life as a scholar at the Brookings Institution .
The open secret
Elliott Abrams , deputy national security adviser for the George W. Bush administration , said that administration resisted international efforts to pressure Israel on the nuclear front .
“ We did not want to accept any operational language that would put Israel at a disadvantage and raise the question of whether Israel was a nuclear power , ” he said .
“ That was not a discussion that we thought was helpful .
We allowed very general statements about the goal of a nuclear - free Middle East as long that language was hortatory . ”
Israel began its nuclear program shortly after the state was founded in 1948 and produced its first weapons , according to Mr. Cohen ’s book , on the eve of the 1967 Six - Day War .
Israeli defense doctrine considers the nuclear arsenal to be a strategic deterrent against extinction .
But its nuclear monopoly is increasingly jeopardized by Iranian advances and the possibility that Iran ’s program could trigger a nuclear arms race in the region .
Israel ’s arsenal has also been an open secret for decades , despite the fact that Israeli law forbids Israeli journalists from referring to the state ’s nuclear weapons unless they quote non-Israeli sources .
In 1986 , the Israeli nuclear scientist , Mordecai Vanunu disclosed in the Sunday Times of London photographs and the first insider account of Dimona , the location of Israels primary nuclear facility .
Israel responded by convicting him of treason .
He was released in 2004 after spending 18 years in prison but has continued to talk about the program on occasion .
The government has barred Mr. Vanunu from leaving Israel .
‘ Nuclear - free ’ zone
References to a “ nuclear - free Middle East , ” meanwhile , have cropped up increasingly in international resolutions and conferences .
For example , the 1991 U.N. Security Council Resolution 687 , which sanctioned Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq , noted “ the objective of achieving balanced and comprehensive control of armaments in the region . ”
More recently , a March 2006 IAEA resolution , in referring Iran to the Security Council , noted “ that a solution to the Iranian issue would contribute to global nonproliferation efforts and to realizing the objective of a Middle East free of weapons of mass destruction . ”
U.S. allies Egypt and Saudi Arabia also have pressed the U.S. to link Israel ’s weapons to Iran ’s as part of a plan to implement a nuclear - free Middle East .
A proposal to introduce a Security Council resolution declaring the Middle East a nuclear - free zone and calling for sanctions against those countries that did not comply was broached in a 2006 strategic dialogue between Saudi Arabia and the United States , said Turki al - Faisal , who was Saudi ambassador to the U.S .
“ When I talked to American officials about that when I was ambassador here , and before that to British officials in the U.K. , the immediate response was , ‘ Israel is not going to accept , ’ ” Prince Turki told editors and reporters of The Washington Times last month .
“ And my immediate response was , ‘ So what ? ’
If Israel doesnt accept , it doesnt mean its a bad idea . ”
A balancing act
Mr. Netanyahu , whose meeting with Mr. Obama on May 18 will be the first since both took office , raised the issue of the nuclear understanding during a previous tenure as prime minister .
Israeli journalists and officials said Mr. Netanyahu asked for a reaffirmation and clarification of the Nixon - Meir understanding in 1998 at Wye River , where the U.S. mediated an agreement between Israel and the Palestinians .
Mr. Netanyahu wanted a personal commitment from President Clinton because of concerns about a treaty that Mr. Clinton supported to bar production of fissile materials that can be used to make weapons .
Israel was worried that the treaty would apply to de facto nuclear states , including Israel , and might oblige it to allow inspections of Dimona .
In 2000 , Israeli journalist Aluf Benn disclosed that Mr. Clinton at Wye River promised Mr. Netanyahu that “ Israels nuclear capability will be preserved . ”
Mr. Benn described as testy an exchange of letters between the two leaders over the Fissile Material Cut - Off Treaty .
He said Mr. Netanyahu wrote Mr. Clinton : “ We will never sign the treaty , and do not delude yourselves - no pressure will help .
We will not sign the treaty because we will not commit suicide . ”
The Bush administration largely dropped the treaty in its first term and reopened negotiations in its second term with a proposal that did not include verification .
The Obama agenda
Mr. Obama has made nuclear disarmament a bigger priority in part to undercut Iran ’s and North Korea ’s rationale for proliferation .
His administration has begun negotiations with Russia on a new treaty to reduce U.S. and Russian arsenals .
He also has expressed support for the fissile material treaty .
“ To cut off the building blocks needed for a bomb , the United States will seek a new treaty that verifiably ends the production of fissile materials intended for use in state nuclear weapons , ” he said last month in Prague .
“ If we are serious about stopping the spread of these weapons , then we should put an end to the dedicated production of weapons - grade materials that create them . ”
David Albright , president of the Institute for Science and International Security , a Washington think tank , said such a treaty would be the first step toward limiting the Israeli nuclear program .
“ The question is how much of a priority is this for the Obama administration ? ” he said .
John R. Bolton , a former U.N. ambassador and undersecretary of state , said Israel was right to be concerned .
“ If I were the Israeli government , I would be very worried about the Obama administration ’s attitude on their nuclear deterrent , ” he said .
“ You can barely raise the subject of nuclear weapons in the Middle East without someone saying : ‘ What about Israel ? ’
If Israel ’s opponents put it on the table , it is entirely possible Obama will pick it up . ”
Asked about the issue , Jonathan Peled , spokesman for the Israeli Embassy in Washington , said , “ We do n’t discuss the strategic relationship between the United States and Israel . ”
The White House had no immediate comment .
However , Ms. Gottemoeller endorsed the concept of a nuclear - free Middle East in a 2005 paper that she co-authored , “ Universal Compliance : A Strategy for Nuclear Security . ”
“ Instead of defensively trying to ignore Israels nuclear status , the United States and Israel should proactively call for regional dialogue to specify the conditions necessary to achieve a zone free of nuclear , chemical , and biological weapons , ” she wrote .
The paper recommends that Israel take steps to disarm in exchange for its neighbors getting rid of chemical and biological weapons programs as well as Iran forgoing uranium enrichment .
• Barbara Slavin and Erin Spiegel contributed to this report from Washington .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Brock Davis , a talented American artist , shows us how ordinary objects that usually do not shatter would look like if they were shattered on the floor .
Shattered Coffee Cup
Shattered Tissue Box
Shattered Pacifier
Shattered Cap
Shattered Queen of Diamonds
Shattered Rubber Ducky
Also check out : Shattering Porcelain Figurines
First ever " Democrat " Hebiclens has agreed to photograph in full gear
The group expressed concern over Specter ’s vote against President Obama ’s $ 3.4 billion budget just one day after defecting to the Democratic Party .
MoveOn also cited comments Specter made in an appearance on “ Meet the Press ” last weekend suggesting he would oppose a public health insurance option that some Democrats would like to see included in any health care reform proposal .
But there might be a silver lining for the longtime Pennsylvania lawmaker :
The MoveOn poll found that 90 percent of its members said they would support Specter if he chooses to align more closely with the president ’s agenda .
[ Diane Feinstein's ] proposal would replace the card - check provision , which would allow workers to unionize if a majority signed authorization cards and strip a company 's ability to demand a secret ballot election .
" It 's a secret ballot that would be mailed in ... just like an absentee ballot .
The individual could take it home and mail it in , " Feinstein said .
If a majority mailed the ballots to the National Labor Relations Board , the NLRB would recognize the union .
Yesterday David Sirota made the point -- eloquently -- that every incumbent should face a primary challenge .
He 's especially eager to see vigorous challenges against reactionaries like Arlen Specter ( PA ) and Michael Bennet ( CO ) but his " support for as many vigorous primaries as possible may offend Establishment - minded activists , party - first sycophants , and other assorted incumbent - worshiping starfuckers , but that 's fine with me because my support is based on the principle that the more democracy and elections and the less entitlement royalty , the better .
" MoveOn is being more focused and it's Specter they have their eye on , joining a wide array of progressive organizations resisting the shameful efforts by suspect Insiders Joe Biden and Ed Rendell to clear the Democratic primary field for the Republican - turned - Democraticish Pennsylvania senator .
85 % of their members want to see MoveOn consider supporting a Democratic alternative to Specter .
Jane Hamsher spoke right to that silver lining today , pointing to a compromise that seems to have been worked out between labor unions , Specter and Dianne Feinstein .
Coming to the realization that he's not going to be back in the Senate if he continues to piss off and completely alienate unions and progressives , Specter seems to have bought into Feinstein 's solution to the Employee Free Choice Act " problems . "
That may solve the problem of saving Specter 's face ( and possibly even his seat ) but it puts WalMart 's senator , Blanche Lincoln , in a real pickle .
And another paid - off shill for Big Business , Ben Nelson ( NE ) went running to Fox to tell them the compromise is a fool 's errand .
" You might think , " their report begins , " that statement would come from a Republican , but it ’s actually from a Democrat . "
Well , kinda / sorta .
Nelson , who fundamentally opposes assisting working families has taken so much in legalized bribes from the anti-Employee Free Choice forces that he would be embarrassed to vote for it now .
He 's the worst of only 5 corrupt and reactionary Democrats -- the others being Evan Bayh ( IN ) , Blanche Lincoln ( AR ) , Byron Dorgan ( ND ) , and Max Baucus ( MT ) -- who have voted more frequently with Republicans on core issues this year than with Democrats .
Nelson is theone who has actually voted more frequently with the Republicans than Specter , who has only been a quasi-Democrat for a week !
Usually when we talk about Specter 's rampant and horrifying corruption we 'll be referring to the millions and millions of dollars he 's taken from banksters , pharmaceutical companies , insurance companies , war contractors and others with special interests business before the Senate .
He votes how these people ask him to vote and this alone is enough of a reason to defeat him or send him back to the GOP where he belongs .
But there 's an even more disgusting and reprehensible form of corruption Adam Green just caught Specter in .
Specter has disguised a fund raising website for himself as a website to raise money to fight cancer .
When he was called out on it , he changed the website but refuses to give back any of the money he bilked from people who thought they were donating to cancer research but who , unbeknownst to them , wound up donating to a cancer on the body of American democracy .
Labels : Arlen Specter , Ben Nelson , David Sirota , Employee Free Choice Act , MoveOn , primaries , reactionary Democrats
For the financial crisis that has wiped out trillions in wealth , many have felt the lash of public outrage .
Fannie and Freddie .
The idiot - bankers .
The AIG bonus babies .
The Bush Republicans and Barney Frank Democrats who bullied banks into making mortgages to minorities who could not afford the houses they were moving into .
But the Big Kahuna has escaped .
The Federal Reserve .
“ ( T ) he very people who devised the policies that produced the mess are now posing as the wise public servants who will show us the way out , ” writes Thomas Woods in Meltdown .
Already in its sixth week on the New York Times best - seller list , this eminently readable book traces the Fed ’s role in every financial crisis since this creature was spawned on Jekyll Island in 1913 .
The “ forgotten depression ” of 1920 — 21 was caused by a huge increase in the money supply for President Wilson ’s war .
When the Fed started to tighten at war ’s end , production fell 20 percent from mid-1920 to mid-1921 , far more than today .
Why did we not read about that depression ?
Because the much - maligned Warren Harding refused to intervene .
He let businesses and banks fail and prices fall .
Hence , the fever quickly broke , and we were off into “ the Roaring Twenties . ”
But , the Fed reverted , expanding the money supply by 55 percent , an average of 7.3 percent a year , not through an expansion of the currency , but through loans to businesses .
Thus , when the Fed tightened in the overheated economy , the Crash came , as the stock market bubble the Fed had created burst .
Herbert Hoover , contrary to the myth that he was a small - government conservative , renounced laissez - faire , raised taxes , launched public works projects , extended emergency loans to failing businesses and lent money to the states for relief programs .
Hoover did what Obama is doing .
Indeed , in 1932 , FDR lacerated Hoover for having presided over the “ greatest spending administration in peacetime in all of history . ”
His running mate , John Nance Garner , accused Hoover of “ leading the country down the path to socialism . ”
And “ Cactus Jack ” was right .
Terrified of the bogeyman that causes Ben Bernanke sleepless nights — deflation , falling prices — FDR ordered crops destroyed , pigs slaughtered , and business cartels to cut production and fix prices .
FDR mistook the consequences of the Depression — falling prices — for the cause of the depression .
But prices were simply returning to where they belonged in a free market , the first step in any cure .
Obama is repeating the failed policies of Hoover and FDR , by refusing to let prices fall .
Obama , with his intervention to prop up housing prices and Bernanke with his gushers of money to bail out bankrupt banks and businesses are creating a new bubble that will burst even more spectacularly .
The biggest myth , writes Woods , is that it was World War II that ended the Great Depression .
He quotes Paul Krugman :
“ What saved the economy and the New Deal was the enormous public works project known as World War II , which finally provided a fiscal stimulus adequate to the economy ’s needs . ”
This Nobel Prize winner ’s analysis , writes Woods , is a “ stupefying and bizarre misunderstanding of what actually happened , ”
Undoubtedly , with 29 percent of the labor force conscripted at one time or another into the armed forces , and their jobs taken by elderly men , women and teenagers with little work experience , unemployment will fall .
But how can an economy be truly growing 13 percent a year , as the economists claim , when there is rationing , shortages everywhere , declining product quality , an inability to buy homes and cars , and a longer work week ?
When the cream of the labor force is in boot camps or military bases , or storming beaches , sailing ships , flying planes and marching with rifles , how can your real economy be booming ?
It was 1946 , a year economists predicted would result in a postwar depression because government spending fell by two - thirds , that proved the biggest boom year in all of American history .
Why ?
Because the real economy was producing what people wanted : cars , TVs , homes .
Businesses were responding to consumers , not the clamor of a government run by dollar - a- year men who wanted planes , tanks , guns and ships to blow things up .
“ The Fed was the greatest single contributor to the crisis that unfolds before us , ” Woods writes of today , and “ more dollars were created between 2000 and 2007 than in the rest of the republic ’s history . ”
After 9 - 11 , the Fed kept interest rates low — in one year as low as 1 percent .
That money flooded into the housing and stock markets .
And in 2008 , as the Fed tightened , the bubble burst .
Now the money supply is again expanding , to rescue us from a crisis created by the previous expansion .
Of Nicholas Biddle ’s Bank of the United States , the great Andrew Jackson was eloquent .
“ It has tried to kill me , ” he said .
“ But I will kill it . ”
And he did .
Should not this creature from Jekyll Island , for all its manifold crimes and sins against the republic , also be summarily put to death ?
Patrick J. Buchanan [ send him mail ] is co-founder and editor of The American Conservative .
He is also the author of seven books , including Where the Right Went Wrong , and A Republic Not An Empire .
His latest book is Churchill , Hitler , and the Unnecessary War .
Patrick J. Buchanan Archives
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
Can it really be true that the list of Americans who will appear on the Sunday shows this weekend is David Petraeus , Dick Cheney , Newt Gingrich and John McCain ?
I guess it really is a center - right nation .
It 's hard to remember how old I was — and I 'm not going to date myself by trying — but I was lost in a computer game .
The title was Duke Nukem 3D , and every day I 'd rush home from school , dial into a friend 's computer , and we 'd play against each other for hours on end .
The weapons and tactics were fiendish : placing laser trip mines into the teleporter so my opponent would blindly warp into them , placing pipe bombs in elevators and waiting for him to get in before triggering them , finding clever places to put the holographic Duke and then swoop in the for the kill .
We dreamed of the true , proper sequel for the PC .
We put up with dumb Nintendo 64 games .
We snubbed the PlayStation attempts .
We watched as Duke went from a well - loved hero to a beaten - up , nearly forgotten caricature .
We knew he would come back , and be as large and impressive as he once was .
We celebrated when Duken Nukem 3D was rereleased on the Xbox Live Arcade .
Here was the Duke we remembered , and the gameplay was just as good as the rose - colored glasses had suggested .
It turns out that was n't a warm hug between old friends — it very well could have been a curt wave as Duke left us forever .
For a game that has been in development for so long , and in an economy where no publishing or development house has many luxuries when it comes to a budget , the gaming world is taking the reports of 3D Realms hard .
Fans are wailing , gamers are gnashing their teeth .
The first report came from Shacknews , and then Apogee sent out an ill - timed release stating that " Deep Silver and Apogee Software are not affected by the situation at 3D Realms .
Development on the Duke Nukem Trilogy is continuing as planned . "
We ran the story last night , hoping to wake up in a world where there was another press release , or maybe even a comforting phone call from George Broussard saying it was all a big misunderstanding , that it was still safe to bet on Duke .
That he was here to chew bubble gum and find more funding , and he was all out of bubble gum .
Joe Siegler is the webmaster for 3D Realms , and when someone brought up an interview he had taken part in just the day before , he responded with words that seemed to further confirm the news .
" When I recorded that , I did n't know , " he wrote .
" It 's not a marketing thing .
It 's true .
I have nothing further to say at this time . "
There is still no official confirmation , and no news of what is going to happen to Duke Nukem Forever .
That 's what gamers can't seem to wrap their heads around : the idea that there is a strong possibility that they 'll never get to play Duke Nukem Forever .
The jokes , the vapor - ware awards , the derision ... it might have stung 3D Realms through the years , but almost every gamer worth his or her salt was still more than willing to line up to play the damn thing .
This story is sadly in need of an ending , and the fact that there still has n't been any official announcement makes the whole thing seem much more like a whimper than a bang .
Will the company maintain silence a day for every year of development time ?
Was this all part of some sick joke to keep gamers from having any sense of closure at all ?
Will Ars Technica have the only existing review of the game on record ?
You have to wonder what 's going on in the offices of 3D Realms right now .
Are they reading the forums , wishing that even these small drips of information would stop ?
Do they have a plan of action to keep the gaming moving along ?
We live in a world where anyone can go to a record store and buy Chinese Democracy ; surely there is room for Duke Nukem Forever .
Even if you were disappointed that Axl Rose 's vanity project ended up as nothing more than a collection of mediocre rock songs , you have to understand that even those who ride unicorns quickly find out that the animal is nothing more than a pretty horse with a growth on its head .... but it does make for a hell of a story .
We 're praying for you , Duke .
Old DNA can be a great tool for studying evolution , diversity and other subjects , but getting hold of the stuff can be tricky .
When the old organisms are small insects , retrieving a bit of DNA can mean destroying all or parts of them .
Now a team of scientists has shown that it ’s possible to extract DNA from nearly 200 - year - old insect specimens without ruining them .
They give the bugs a good soak .
Eske Willerslev and Philip Francis Thomsen of the University of Copenhagen and colleagues used a solution called a digestion buffer , the recipe for which had been previously developed .
Twenty museum beetle specimens dating from as far back as 1820 were immersed in the solution for about 16 hours , then removed and dried , their exoskeletons and other features intact .
Nucleic acids in the remaining solution were purified .
In a paper in the online open - access journal PLoS ONE , the researchers report that all 20 specimens produced usable mitochondrial DNA sequences .
It ’s thought that the digestion buffer gets inside the exoskeletons through the mouth , respiratory holes and other anatomical features , and through holes made when the specimens were pinned for display .
There is no greater example of how junkscience perpetuates long after it ’s been scientifically disproven than the myths and fears surrounding sugars , especially the biggest evil of the day : high fructose corn syrup ( HFCS ) .
Some people will go to any lengths to scare us into eating and drinking only what they believe best .
There ’s been a flurry of news stories lately that echo the common claims made in yesterday ’s article in The Economist.com , by an unnamed author .
It makes a good place to start to examine the scientific evidence :
The fatness formula
HARDLY a day goes by without some further revelation about the disturbing state of childhood obesity — and the diseases of old age that teenagers are beginning to suffer from ....
A worrying percentage of them were also taking drugs for such chronic conditions as hypertension and high cholesterol as well as type 2 diabetes ....
[ N] utritionists say the real problem is sugar .
And not just any old sugar , but the high fructose corn syrup ( HFCS ) that has replaced cane and beet sugar in processed foods and soft drinks over the past 25 years .
Nowadays everything from bread , pastries and breakfast cereals to yogurt , ketchup , candy and coke contain large dollops of HFCS .
The food industry uses blends of 90 % fructose and 10 % glucose for baked goods and 55 % fructose and 45 % glucose for soft drinks .
On its own , HFCS is about twice as sweet as table sugar ....
Since [ 1982 ] , the annual consumption of HFCS in America has gone from nothing to 65 pounds ( 29.5 kg ) per person .
Today it accounts for nearly half of all the sugar and sweeteners used in the country ....
Fructose apparently tricks the brain into thinking you are hungrier than you actually are .
Unlike carbohydrates made up of glucose , fructose does not stimulate the pancreas into producing insulin .
Nor does it promote the production of leptin , a hormone made by fat cells .
Under normal conditions , the amount of insulin and leptin in the body signal to the brain that you ’ve had enough to eat .
Meanwhile , fructose does n’t seem to suppress the production of ghrelin , the hormone that triggers appetite , which normally declines after eating .
In tinkering with the body ’s hormonal balance , fructose also causes the liver to spew more fat into the bloodstream than normal .
Thus , consuming foods or drinks laced with HFCS is like eating a high - fat meal .
In doing so , we not only gobble down more calories with every mouthful , but we also store more of those calories as fat .
That can mean only one thing : a bigger waistline ....
But there ’s just so much of it around these days that it ’s hard to avoid consuming it to excess .
Research shows clearly that , like cholesterol , there are good sugars and bad sugars .
“ America has been ‘ fructosified ’ by Big Food , ” wrote Dr. Robert H. Lustig , M.D. , of the University of California , San Francisco , the Obesity Task Force , and the steering committee of the International Endocrine Alliance to Combat Obesity .
In an Op - Ed titled “ Fructose making Americans fatter , ” he repeated the claims in the Economist article that fructose is metabolized significantly different from glucose and “ average daily fructose consumption has increased by more than 50 percent over the past 30 years . ”
Another recent article warned parents to be wary of harmless looking juice boxes and what they ’re putting into sippy cups to avoid “ juices laden with fructose . ”
The news has misled parents and a surprising number of nutritionists into fearing " fructose " and believing “ natural ” sweeteners are healtheir than other added sugars .
Even kindergartners who can barely read , have been scared into looking for “ bad ” HFCS and sweeteners on food labels .
Sugars have not only been studied probably more than any other food ingredient in history and the science is clear , but using “ misinformation about sugar is a favorite practice of food quacks , ” warned the National Council Against Health Fraud more than fifteen years ago .
Nothing ’s changed since then .
Sadly , even the basics of the nutritional science have never been heard by many of today ’s young readers and they ’re left more vulnerable than ever to being frightened .
What is sugar ?
The Cliff Notes version ...
Simple carbohydrates ( disaccharides ) commonly refer to sucrose , a carbohydrate found in every fruit and vegetable .
It ’s created in all green plants through photosynthesis and is found in the fruits , seeds , flowers and roots ( hence , honey , maple syrup and sorghum ) .
Plants have the unique ability to change starch into sugars , and vice versa .
Our table sugar is 99.9 % pure sucrose , too , and is made from sugar beets or sugar cane .
Sucrose is two simple sugars : glucose and fructose in about a 50 - 50 ratio .
Other simple carbohydrates are lactose in milk products and maltose from malt .
Complex carbohydrates ( polysaccharides ) are the starches from plants .
Regardless of their source , all carbohydrates are broken down to the same simple sugars and metabolized exactly the same by our body .
Most are converted in the small intestine , instantly with digestive enzymes , to the simple sugar glucose because it ’s the main fuel needed by every cell in our body and by our brain .
It ’s the true brain food .
Fructose is converted to glucose , too ( in our liver ) .
Glucose , in turn , uses insulin to move from our bloodstream into our cells , the same no matter where the carbohydrate originated .
Our bodies cannot distinguish between natural or added sugars as they are chemically identical .
While “ natural ” sugars are perceived as healthier , there is no scientific basis for such feel - good beliefs .
Such ideas have their roots in vitalism .
The amounts of vitamins and minerals found in honeys or molasses , for example , are also clinically and nutritionally insignificant .
Can sugars cause chronic diseases or obesity ?
Sugars have been studied up , down and inside out for decades and repeatedly shown to be safe .
In the 1970s , the FDA had commissioned the Select Committee on GRAS Substances which found no evidence to implicate sucrose , corn sugar , corn syrup or invert sugar to obesity , heart disease or diabetes .
But fears and conspiracy theories abounded among the public , so the FDA commissioned a Sugar Task Force to conduct a comprehensive review of epidemiological , clinical and animal studies on sugars .
It specifically examined and rejected hypotheses that sugars play a causal role in “ glucose tolerance , diabetes mellitus , lipidemias , cardiovascular diseases ( hypertension and atherosclerotic coronary artery disease ) , behavior , obesity , malabsorption syndromes , food allergies , calciuria - induced renal disease , gallstones , nutrient deficiencies , and carcinogenicity . ”
The FDA concluded in its 1988 ruling : “ Other than the contribution to dental caries , there is no conclusive evidence on sugars that demonstrates a hazard to the general public when sugars are consumed at the levels that are now current and in the manner now practiced . ”
A 1997 Joint Report prepared by the World Health Organization and the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization also found no evidence that sugar consumption is a causative factor in any disease , including obesity , diabetes or coronary heart disease .
The Surgeon General ’s Report on Nutrition and Health , the National Academy of Sciences report Diet and Health , and Healthy People 2000 : National Health Promotion and Disease Prevention Objectives by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services concurred .
Fears of sugars are greatly exaggerated .
“ Sugar is not inherently a dietary villain , ” said David Klurfeld , Ph.D. , professor and chairman of the Department of Nutrition and Food Science at Wayne State University , editor - in - chief of the Journal of the American College of Nutrition .
“ The statistical relationships of sugar intake with the rest of the diet are small and probably not biologically meaningful . ”
A study in that journal , for instance , found little difference in the quality of diets among those eating more or less sugars .
The Food and Nutrition Board of the National Academy of Sciences examined the scientific basis of sugar guidelines and said “ the expert panel concluded that it was not appropriate to set a tolerable upper intake level for added sugars but suggested a maximal intake level of 25 % of energy from added sugars because of concerns [ greater amounts could ] reduce intakes of essential micronutrients ” — something that can be said of any food in excess ! :)
But we are n’t eating nearly as much sugar today as is popularly claimed or in amounts of any concern , either .
Once again , claims of exorbitant or skyrocketing consumptions are typically based on food availability / production figures , as we discussed in a previous post .
Data from the USDA and Centers for Disease Control show people have eaten about the same amount of carbohydrates a day on average — 500 grams — since 1909 .
Are sugars necessary in our food ?
Sugars are n’t put into our food by evil companies .
As every home cook knows , sugars do more than make food taste better .
They help yeast ferment and bread to rise ; facilitate browning ( the Maillard reaction ) in baked goods ; help control crystalization in candies , jams and sweets , and enhance the creamy texture of desserts and sauces ; balance the natural acidity of certain foods ; make baked goods moister and more tender , less prone to drying out , and help them keep well with less risk of spoilage ; preserve the color , aroma , texture and flavor of fruits and help prevent spoilage ( think sugars long used in jams and preserves , and added to keep frozen fruits vibrant ) .
“ But , but high fructose corn syrup is different !
It causes all sorts of unhealthy things to happen and is n’t metabolized the same way at all ... ” so the myths go .
Here is the bait and switch that scaremongers are pulling on you and why it is biologically implausible for HFCS to do any of the things they claim :
Because it is chemically the same thing as ordinary table sugar and any other sucrose !
They are counting on the fact you ’ll be taken into believing that “ fructose ” is the same thing as “ high ” fructose corn syrup .
It ’s not .
Many years ago , fructose was the buzz word that was all the rage .
Known as fruit sugar , it had this reputation among consumers as being healthier and more natural .
So , when the process of creating sucrose from corn , instead of sugar beets , was developed , some poor marketing person had the unfortunate idea to name it “ high fructose corn syrup . ”
But it ’s made up of the very same simple sugars , glucose and fructose in about a 50 - 50 ratio , just like table sugar .
The exact proportions vary slightly , as in other sucroses , but when it was created , it was important to the food industry that it be similar to sucrose .
HFCS is made in two formulations : one 55 % fructose and the other 42 % fructose , with the rest glucose .
The 55 % version has exactly the same sweetness as the sucrose in our table sugar and is used in many soft drinks .
Countless Baby Boomers will remember as kids guzzling kool - aid by the gallons and our Mothers making it with cupfuls of sugar !
Soft drinks are today ’s kool - aid , with added bubbles .
[ Kids have very different tastes for sweets than most adults . ]
The 42 % formulation of HFCS has about the same sweetness as honey and is used in noncarbonated drinks , baked goods and other foods where all of those culinary benefits of sweeteners , mentioned above , are important .
As noted by the FDA in 1996 , “ the saccharide composition ( glucose to fructose ratio ) of HFCS is approximately the same as that of honey , invert sugar and the disaccharide sucrose ” ( table sugar ) .
The slight variations among the various sweeteners are clinically negligible .
HFCS is also every bit as natural as any other sweetener and contains no artificial or synthetic ingredients or color additives .
Our bodies can’t tell the difference between pure sucrose made from sugar beets or corn !
Sucrose is sucrose .
It 's the same thing .
It is biologically implausible for HFCS once it ’s ingested to be metabolized any differently from any other sucrose .
And , indeed , recent studies have confirmed that the sweeteners are absorbed and metabolized similarly , use the same metabolic pathways , and have the same effects on glucose , insulin , leptin , ghrelin and appetites .
Some do n’t believe we should eat anything made by Big Food , so they ’ve embraced fructose mythology by very carefully choosing their words and designing their studies so that you ’ll think their findings for fructose are referring to HFCS .
Their studies use pure fructose or inordinately high percentages of fructose sweeteners — up to 30 % of calories , which is three to four times the amount in our daily diets !
— to suggest something ominous .
But we never eat fructose that way .
“ Fructose is always found in about a 50 % ratio to glucose , ” explained John S. White , Ph.D. , a fructose researcher with White Technical Research Group , Argenta , IL .
“ The percentage is what ’s important , not the total amount of fructose in grams .
The sugars have a buffering effect on one another and do n’t act independently .
You do n’t see malabsorption problems unless you study unrealistic percentages of fructose , [ problems ] which disappear at around a 50 % intake . ”
And in fact , no studies on HFCS as normally consumed , just like other sweeteners , has shown it ’s harmful .
Now that you know HFCS is not the same as fructose , you ’ll be able to pick up the tactics being used to manipulate you .
A new study in the June issue the Journal of Nutrition — that will no doubt soon flood the news as further “ evidence ” of the dangers of HFCS — concluded “ no significant association was observed for intakes of sucrose , lactose or maltose ” and the risk of type 2 diabetes .
Based on dietary surveys compared with the national diabetes register in Finland , they did report a higher relative risk associated with intakes of fructose and glucose , and went on to say their findings support the view that higher intake of soft drinks may increase type 2 diabetes risk .
We can probably guess few reporters will catch the leap and get the facts straight .
Epidemic consumption
To support its claims that we ’re eating grossly more amounts of HFCS since 1970 , The Economist showed this table from the USDA Economic Research Service .
It ’s based on production / availability data , not actual dietary consumptions , but still gives an important clue to the other side of the story you were n’t told .
While HFCS " sweetener " use rose from 16 % of all sweeteners in 1970 to 56 % in 1997 , during that same period sugar use decreased from 83 % of all sweeteners to 43 % .
So , while the source of sucrose in our diet has changed , the total amount of sucrose ( or fructose ) in our actual daily diets has n’t significantly changed .
In fact , an FDA study published in an earlier AJCN issue affirmed , the amount of fructose in our diet has remained relatively constant for the past 30 years , accounting for about 7 to 9 % of our caloric intake .
And since 1999 in response increasing fears , consumption of both sugar and HFCS have been declining , according to the USDA .
Believe it or not , the correlation between early increased HFCS use and the incidences of obesity and diabetes is the strongest proof for blaming HFCS .
As we ’ve seen , however , sodas do not cause obesity and there is no difference in the BMIs of children consuming the most and least amounts .
Countries around the world that use little or no HFCS are seeing similar rises in obesity and diabetes rates , so even common sense says HFCS is n’t to blame .
While sugars and sweeteners are often believed to contribute to obesity , researchers at the University of Colorado Health Science Center , Denver , resoundly concluded : “ There is no indication that simple sugars differ from complex sugars in [ body fat accumulation ] .
Epidemiologic data show a clear inverse relation between intake of sugar and fat .... high intake of sugar is negatively associated with indexes of obesity ... and [ there 's ] no reason to associate high sugar diets with obesity . ”
Allergies
Let ’s look at one more fear surrounding HFCS .
Growing numbers of consumers are being led to believe that they are allergic to HFCS .
Corn , however , is not a significant allergen , according to the FDA .
Research since 1950 has recognized that corn allergies in the U.S. affect no more than 0.016 % of the population and are extremely rare .
And thankfully , too .
They are so rare , in fact , that the Food Allergen and Consumer Protection Act of 2004 and the international Codex Alimentarius Commission does n’t even list corn on its list of foods that require special labeling .
Still , it makes even less sense that an allergy to HFCS is biologically possible because nearly all of the corn protein is removed while HFCS is made .
And allergens are primarily protein in composition .
But , so sadly , some people have come to fear HFCS and “ processed foods ” to such a degree that the nocebo effect can make them feel actually sick whenever they believe they ’ve consumed a bad food containing it .
With science we can be freer to make our own decisions of what to eat and enjoy and not react in fear .
And we need n’t be taken in , unless we choose to , by the political or economic agendas of those trying to get us to reduce our “ corn footprint . ” :)
The bottom line , is that there is no evidence — and there never has been — that we have anything to fear from enjoying the sweet things in life .
© 2007 Sandy Szwarc
Two more interesting applications have been blocked by Apple in its quixotic quest to police what users can think and do while using their iPhones .
First , we have Me So Holy , an iPhone app that takes a snapshot of the user and cleverly pastes it over the faces of holy religious figures such as Jesus Christ and the Dalai Lama .
Well , it appears that Apple would prefer iPhone users to be a bit more pious — they 've blocked the application from the iPhone app store as " objectionable . "
Blasphemy , however , has been around for a few centuries , and even Steve Jobs is unlikely to have more success eradicating it than past inquisitors .
P2P filesharing , on the other hand , is a relatively new idea , and from the perspective of Mr. Jobs and company , even more dangerous and heretical .
That 's why Apple also blocked Drivetrain , a program that would allow users to remotely control their bittorrent downloads on their PCs .
The heresy in this case is the idea that filesharing technologies can be used for all sorts of purposes , many of which are non-infringing and legitimately useful to the public .
It does n't matter whether your software actually uploads or downloads anything ( Drivetrain does n't ) — if it 's been seen in the company of other software that is capable of sending and receiving files , it will be put to the sword .
Of course , by blocking software like Drivetrain Apple is putting innovation to the sword as well .
As we 've said before , Apple is legally within its rights to sell or not sell whatever they choose in their store .
But the monopoly they hold on applications for the iPhone means that unless users have the right to jailbreak their phones , they 'll be blocked from enjoying the fruits of 21st century thinking — and 12th century thinking as well !
Peasants , peons , and iPhone users of the world , perhaps its time you were allowed to decide for yourselves what software will be running on the computer in your pocket .
Honda and Yamaha to Sell Electric Motorcycles
Image : Audin
Okay , they wo n’t be your grandpa ’s old 50 cc Super Cub like you see in the picture , but Honda and Yamaha are both planning battery electric motorcycles that will have the performance of their current 50 cc bikes without using a drop of gasoline .
Yamaha plans to release their bike in 2010 , which seems to be the year of the electric car already .
Details are scarce , but the bike should have an impressive 62 mile range , and will probably cost a pretty penny compared to its gasoline - powered counterparts .
Honda , on the other hand , will be releasing their bike in 2011 with a target range on 31 miles .
They are hoping that the Japanese post office and other fleets that do deliveries will take to the electric bikes in order to reduce costs and pollution associated with shipping .
Details are scarce , but we ’ll keep you updated .
Would you buy one ?
If you liked this post , sign up for out RSS Feed for automatic updates .
Popularity : 4 % [ ? ]
By Paul Reynolds
World affairs correspondent , BBC News website
President Obama signalled a shift in the US approach to the international stage
Slowly the shape of the world after the financial flood is beginning to emerge .
The first thing to be said is that everyone is in the same boat .
And they have to bail together .
This contrasts to the old days when capitalists and communists exchanged insults as their ships passed in the night .
The worst threat at this G20 summit was a remark by French President Nicolas Sarkozy that he would walk out if there was not better regulation of banks and financial markets , not exactly the kind of casus belli that plunged Europe into war nearly 100 years ago .
We have moved on .
Nor did he walk out .
Indeed , he was pleased , he said , at the result .
The Franco - German analysis might well have been right .
But being right about the past does not mean that you alone can put right the future .
The European Union as a whole , normally so free in its advice to all and sundry , was a bit chastened , with many newer and some older members on the verge of or in financial crisis .
We have moved on too from the 1930s , when depression helped fuel the rise of dictatorships .
Whether the world solves its financial crisis this time has yet to be determined , but the players at least seem to have learned some lessons .
United States Stronger relationships mean better chances of dealing with problems
The second thing is that the position of the United States has changed .
President Obama came and conquered , with little gestures like shaking hands with a black policeman guarding 10 Downing Street to the larger " listen and lead " attitude he showed at the conference itself .
There was no longer the sense of American particularity that there was under George W Bush .
President Obama spoke of an " era of responsibility " - meaning no more wild financial dealings and a willingness to take joint corrective action with others .
He accepted that America could not solve the crisis by itself ( though its critics would say that it managed to cause it largely by itself ) .
This was a return to multilateralism - and a recognition that American ways were not necessarily the best ways .
It extended beyond economics .
Mr Obama had a productive meeting with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev at which they agreed to start negotiations on new nuclear weapons reductions and complete them by December .
They managed not to allow their differences - over missile defence or Georgia to name but two - to prevent the reset button from being pressed .
This does not mean that all will be well in their relationship .
But it does mean that there are better prospects for overcoming problems .
New diplomacy Leaders of less developed countries such as Brazil can no longer be ignored Then there was China .
Chinese President Hu Jintao did not make much of a public impact , beyond that in his own media , but China 's influence was felt everywhere .
They and the Americans agreed on a " strategic and economic dialogue " to start in Washington this summer .
The workshop of the modern world cannot be ignored .
One sign is that China is likely to get much larger voting rights in the IMF to match its much larger contributions .
Can the day be long delayed when China enters the trading world fully , with a convertible currency ?
This is the new super power diplomacy - not East versus West , nor a return to the disastrous manoeuvring of the late 19th Century or the 1930s , but the management of relationships within better agreed rules .
And do not forget the presence of leaders from places like India and Brazil .
They can not be ignored either .
It makes one wonder how much longer the old G8 style of meeting , another of which is planned in Italy this summer , can stagger on .
There can be no rich man 's club if the members are no longer so rich and have caused so much disaster .
Paul.Reynolds-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
remove small or medium Dent on your car !!!
VEry VEry Easy !!!
JUST NEED HAIR DRYER AND AIRDUSTER FOR COMPUTER ...
remove small or medium Dent on your car !!!
VEry VEry Easy !!!
JUST NEED HAIR DRYER AND AIRDUSTER FOR COMPUTER .....
AmAZING AND REVOLUTIONNING :)
*******blog.myspace****/weirdpatentvideo
WASHINGTON , May 29 ( Reuters ) - North Korea 's second nuclear test has forced the United States to grapple with the idea that Pyongyang may never give up atomic weapons , current and former U.S. officials said this week .
The potential implications range from a higher risk of global weapons proliferation , to an atomic arms race in the region , to a direct threat to U.S. allies South Korea and Japan .
" This is a whole new ballgame and it's a whole lot deeper and darker and scarier , " said a U.S. official who spoke on condition he not be identified .
" It 's a bit like when you get out a pair of binoculars and you get it just right .
It has brought into crystalline focus what North Korea 's intentions are -- that they do mean to develop this capability , " he added .
" It changes , or it should change , people 's calculus about how to deal with this . "
North Korea detonated a nuclear device this week for only the second time in its history ; it fired short - range missiles ; and it said Seoul joining a U.S. counter - proliferation effort that could lead to inspections of North Korean ships had invalidated the armistice that ended the 1950 - 53 Korean War .
Historically the impoverished , authoritarian state has used such steps as chips to drive a harder bargain in its negotiations with the West .
That may no longer be the case .
" In the past , there was the long lead time and it was ' Please stop me before I do this provocation and you can do so by paying me off , ' " said Bruce Klingner , a former CIA analyst now with the Heritage Foundation think tank in Washington .
" Now , they 're doing it so quickly that there 's no way you can intervene diplomatically , " he added .
" It 's as if they 've abandoned the facade of diplomacy and negotiations -- at least until they achieve a viable nuke and ICBM . "
COERCIVE DIPLOMACY ?
William Perry , a former U.S. defense secretary who played a role in a 1994 U.S. - North Korean deal under which Pyongyang froze its nuclear program in exchange for aid , said the old pattern may no longer hold and that Washington may need to adopt a tougher line .
" I do believe that diplomacy still has a chance of success , but only if is robust and only if the robustness includes some meaningful coercion components , " Perry said at the Council on Foreign Relations think tank on Thursday .
The best way to squeeze the country 's leadership may be through financial sanctions " with a real bite , " he said , adding that if these fail the United States should consider other steps , including the possibility of military strikes .
Brent Scowcroft , a former White House national security adviser , argued that one silver lining to the test may be that it will help to enlist the Chinese in mitigating the risks from a nuclear - armed North Korea .
" We have never been able to figure out , in the over 15 years of negotiations we have had with North Korea , what their goals are .
Is their goal to become a nuclear state or are nuclear weapons trading materials for a security regime in which North Korea would feel secure ? " he said at a joint appearance with Perry at the Council on Foreign Relations .
" Now it looks like that is becoming clearer and they are deciding that their goal is ( to be ) a nuclear weapons state .
I think that makes a big difference in the Chinese attitude , " he added .
" It seems to be clear to me that we have additional leverage and reason to get cooperation from our friends . "
China , North Korea 's dominant trading partner , is seen as the linchpin of any effort to contain a nuclear - armed Pyongyang but it is believed to be reluctant to push so hard that it might trigger the collapse of its neighbor .
Such a collapse could result in tens of thousands of North Korean refugees streaming into China .
In New York , the United States and Japan circulated a draft U.N. Security Council resolution that condemned Pyongyang 's latest nuclear test and called for strict enforcement of U.N. sanctions imposed on North Korea after its first test in 2006 .
" It is not just about the U.N. Security Council preserving face , " said a U.S. official .
" It 's about really fundamental issues related to northeast Asian security , now . "
( Additional reporting by Paul Eckert , editing by Philip Barbara )
Ah !
So , it ’s the day your dream will come true and finally after qualifying through the long winding immigration procedure you are all set to fly to your immigration destination .
Sobbing , hugging and bidding farewell to the family and friends at the airport , thinking that they will only be able to see you after months now , or may be even after years and off you go .
But what if you are caught up in some post - landing issues after reaching the airport of your immigration destination ?
It would definitely be a sight to see the reactions of the same near and dear ones as they see you standing before them after a day or two .
Eyes wide open and some of them may even have their mouths open too that looks more like a tunnel to the musketeers .
Many would surely be shocked more than surprised to see you there .
To make sure that you do not become the subject of ridicule and small talk around , it is essential that you are cautious of the post landing conditions that may become the reason for you to fly back to your homeland .
Given below is a set of post landing conditions :
Security inadmissibility –
You are required to inform the visa authorities of any criminal or security inadmissibility issues that may have occurred at ANY time during the visa process and even till the time of landing .
Not informing about any criminal offence to the authorities in your homeland during and after the immigration procedure and its revelation on landing to the immigrated land can get you in trouble .
This may also cause you to leave the country of your immigration , immediately .
Medical situation – Similar to the criminal act , revelation of any infectious medical condition may cause you to bid adieu to the destination you have immigrated .
This does n’t necessarily mean that you have deceived the immigration authorities in your homeland .
Sometimes , it might be possible that you have gained any infection or have developed any medical condition after finishing the medical tests that form a part of the immigration process .
Settlement funds –
When you immigrate to a foreign land under the skilled migrant category , there are different requirements of minimum settlement funds for every country that you must show and transfer to your account in your immigration destination to fulfill your post landing needs there until you get a job .
Not having the minimum required settlement funds is another common reason why immigrants end up coming back to their home country , even after getting the visa approval .
So , what are you waiting for now ?
Simply be mindful of these post - landing conditions , pack your bags and fly to your immigration destination without any hassle .
Yeah , the Rickrolling phenomenon was annoying for the entire world , but you 'd expect the songwriter would at least be pleased , right ?
But despite its massive popularity , songwriter Pete Waterman was paid an insulting $ 16 .
Total .
Advertisement
The song , which was played over 150 million times in 2008 alone , seems like it should have been a cash cow for the 62 - year - old British producer and songwriter .
Unfortunately , it was no such thing .
" There was I sitting at Christmas thinking , ' I must have made a few bob this year with the old Rickrolling ' , " he said .
Advertisement
" I rang my publisher and they said ' You 'll be all right ' , until I saw the royalty statement .
£ 11 .
" If 154 million plays means £ 11 , I get more from Radio Stoke playing Never Gonna Give You Up than I do from YouTube . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Waterman distressingly compares his plight to that of the unpaid workers in Dubai , which is insane ( especially considering his net worth is somewhere around $ 100 million ) , but he brings up a very valid point .
YouTube is awfully profitable popular : Should n't the creators of their content be equitably paid ?
YouTube insists they are working with PRS for Music , an organization dedicated to seeking fair compensation for artists , but that 's of no use to Waterman .
Advertisement
Oh , I almost forgot : click this link it 's so great !
[ The Telegraph ]
========================
Note : Allowing Obama to engage in a " border war " with the Mexican Drug Cartels is not required if we Re-Legalize Marijuana RIGHT NOW by implementing the MERP Model .
If you are convinced then start the campaign right now by calling your representatives weekly as described in this document .
There is no time to waste in averting what will surely become " The Iraq War " Part Two . "
=========================
As I ponder the fate of our once - great nation , the United States of America , I thought it might be instructive to search for articles addressing the events that led to the 1st American Revolution .
So I brought up Google and started my search :
Google [ " american revolution " cause trade ]
click here />
After a bit of research I found an summary in Encarta which I believe every single American should begin reading RIGHT NOW !
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
© All rights reserved , Edward is the intellectual property of G. Gilmann and has been published with his authorization
Farnaz Fassihi reports :
Minutes before , an ambulance had arrived from Tehran 's morgue carrying the body of their only son , 19 - year - old Kaveh Alipour .
On Saturday , amid the most violent clashes between security forces and protesters , Mr. Alipour was shot in the head as he stood at an intersection in downtown Tehran .
He was returning from acting class and a week shy of becoming a groom , his family said .
The crime Aaron Hart confessed to was undeniably repellent .
In September , the 18 - year - old was charged with sexually assaulting a 7 - year - old neighbor boy behind a tool shed in the small east Texas town of Paris .
A relative of the victim said she walked outside and saw Hart with his pants pulled down , standing next to the boy .
Police read Hart his Miranda rights , and he quickly admitted his guilt .
On Feb .
11 , Hart ’s court - appointed attorney entered guilty pleas to each of five related felony counts , a jury recommended multiple sentences , and a judge ruled that the prison terms be served consecutively , for a total of 100 years .
That might have been the end of Cause No. 22924 in the 6th Judicial District Court of Lamar County , Texas .
Except that now , every court official who had a hand in the case seems to agree that Hart does n’t belong in prison for the rest of his life .
Advertisement
That ’s because Hart has an IQ of 47 , and his parents say he functions at the level of a 9 - year - old .
The boy he confessed to molesting is mentally disabled as well .
What ’s more , the judge and the jury never heard any expert testimony about Hart ’s mental functioning , his capacity to understand his Miranda rights or his ability to assist in his own defense , because his attorney never subpoenaed any experts .
And since he has been in jail , Hart repeatedly has been raped , according to his parents .
The first assault , allegedly by an inmate who is serving a sentence of eight years for sexual indecency with a child , so disturbed the inmate ’s mother that she called Hart ’s parents to apologize .
“ I have nightmares thinking about Aaron in prison and how he is going to survive in there , ” said Robert Hart , Aaron ’s 70 - year - old father .
“ He ’s the type of kid who his whole life people beat him up , took stuff from him , and he would n’t defend himself .
He ca n’t read or write .
He ca n’t hardly talk . ”
Advertisement
Hart ’s case is threatening to once again bring unwelcome outside scrutiny to the criminal justice system in Paris .
The town of 26,000 drew national civil rights protests in 2007 following news reports of a 14 - year - old black girl who was sentenced to up to seven years in youth prison for shoving a hall monitor at her high school and a 14 - year - old white girl who was given probation for the more serious crime of arson .
More racial tensions erupted last year after the slaying of a 24 - year - old black man and the arrest of two white men .
In the Aaron Hart case , the issues are not racial -- both Hart and his victim are white .
But black civil rights leaders in Paris are advocating on Hart ’s behalf , citing concern that he was not treated fairly by the local justice system .
A spokesman for prosecutor Gary Young acknowledged that more serious sexual offenders have received much shorter sentences .
Advertisement
“ You do n’t want to send [ Hart ] to prison for life , but you can not put him back on the street and worry about what he may do to some other kid , ” Allan Hubbard , victim ’s advocate for the district attorney , told the Paris News .
“ Speaking for myself and not for the district attorney ’s office , this illustrates the need for some system between probation and life in prison for someone like this . ”
Hart ’s court - appointed attorney , Ben Massar , said he had recommended that Hart plead guilty only because he thought his client would be sentenced to probation .
“ To me , this was a punishment case , ” Massar said .
“ And usually , in order to gain the benefit of more lenient punishment , like the probation we were hoping for , juries and judges like it when people plead guilty and take responsibility for their actions . ”
The judge who stacked Hart ’s terms to run consecutively , Eric Clifford , said he agonizes over his decision , driven by concern that Hart poses a danger to society .
Advertisement
“ It was a sad situation .
I was about to cry .
The jury was crying , ” Clifford said .
“ Everybody looked at everybody like , ‘ What the hell do we do ? ’
The only option we were presented was prison .
We do n’t have any facilities in the state of Texas for any type of care for somebody like that .
That ’s the problem .
It ’s a terrible problem .
I do n’t know what you do with him other than what we did . ”
Hart ’s newly appointed attorney is scheduled to go before Clifford today seeking a new trial on the grounds that Hart could not have understood the legal proceedings in his arrest , guilty plea and sentencing .
Clifford sounded like he ’s inclined to grant the motion .
“ I approved [ the appellate attorney ] to hire all the experts he wanted on competency , ” he said .
“ I said , ‘ Whatever you need money - wise , I will sign the order . ’
If they can work something out on that appeal , I ’m not going to be hard on them . ”
--
Advertisement
hwitt@tribune.com
Our lucky star : European Space Agency scientists introduce the physics of the sun guardian .
co.uk
The sun 's activity is winding down , triggering fevered debate among scientists about how low it will go , and what it means for Earth 's climate .
Nasa recorded no sunspots on 266 days in 2008 - a level of inactivity not seen since 1913 - and 2009 looks set to be even quieter .
Solar wind pressure is at a 50 - year low and our local star is ever so slightly dimmer than it was 10 years ago .
Sunspots are the most visible sign of an active sun - islands of magnetism on the sun 's surface where convection is inhibited , making the gas cooler and darker when seen from Earth - and the fact that they 're vanishing means we 're heading into a period of solar lethargy .
Where will it all end ?
Solar activity varies over an 11 - year cycle , but it experiences longer - term variations , highs and lows that can last around a century .
" A new 11 - year cycle started a year or two ago , and so far it 's been extremely feeble , " says Nigel Weiss of the University of Cambridge .
With Jose Abreu of the Swiss Federal Institute of Aquatic Science and Technology in Dübendorf and others , Weiss recently predicted that the long - term solar high we 've been enjoying since before the second world war is over , and the decline now under way will reach its lowest point around 2020 .
Their prediction is based on levels of rare isotopes that accumulate in the Earth 's crust when weak solar winds allow cosmic rays to penetrate the Earth 's atmosphere .
There 's even a chance , says Weiss , that we might be heading for a low as deep as the Maunder minimum of the 17th century .
Either side of that trough , Europe shivered through the Little Ice Age , when frost fairs were held on the Thames and whole Swiss villages disappeared under glaciers .
So should we expect another freeze ?
Those who claim the rise in temperatures we 've seen over the last century are predominantly the result of intense solar activity might argue that we should , but they 're in the minority .
Most scientists believe humans are the main culprit when it comes to global warming , and Weiss is no exception .
He points out that the ice remained in Europe long after solar activity picked up from the Maunder minimum .
Even if we had another , similar low , he says , it would probably only cause temperatures on Earth to drop by the order of a tenth of a degree Celsius - peanuts compared to recent hikes .
So do n't pack your suncream away just yet .
“ If we go from 19 to 10 boroughs , but these boroughs remain quasi- municipalities as they are now , we will end up in the worst of situations because we ’ll have cities … an Italian city , a Haitian city , an anglophone city , an Arab city – Ville St. Laurent , a Jewish city , etc .
We will no longer have this sense of one big city with boroughs that speaks with one voice . ”
Louise Harel
I do n’t care if you agree or not with the characterization of Ville - Saint - Laurent as an “ Arab City ” or if you feel that describing other Montreal boroughs as Haitian , Italian and Jewish is a bit of an oversimplification .
There is no way you or anyone in good faith that thinks former municipal affairs minister Louise Harel meant anything offensive when she said the above on RDI last week .
Everyone very well understood that she was speaking out against ghettos and division and for a more diverse , multicultural and united city .
To imply anything else is bullshit .
It is another example of the ignoble character assassination The Montreal Gazette and Québec federalists are willing to perform on anyone who has ever been associated with the Parti québécois .
It is spreading lies , it is sewing the seeds of hate , it is one more desperate attempt to create ethnic division for political purposes .
To find the appropriately outraged quotes to give credibility to its malicious interpretation of Louise Harel ’s quote , the Gazette turned to a Montreal imam who favours the implementation of Charia Law in Québec and one , two , three members of Mayor Gérald Tremblay ’s Union Montréal party .
Oh yeah , Madame Harel is rumoured to be thinking about running for mayor in the next municipal election .
Do you think this has anything to do with it ?
Robert Libman , a former mayor of Côte - Saint - Luc , leader of the Equality Party and member of Mayor Tremblay ’s party accused Louise Harel of “ sowing the seeds of xenophobia by pointing to identifiable communities .
It ’s as if she sees bogeymen in everything that is not white and francophone . ”
Hey Robert ?
Wanna know how your own electors identify your city ?
And by the way , for those who do n’t know , Robert Libman is the former president of the Québec chapter of B’nai Brith , an organization so open to non whites and francophones that it actively campaigned for a separate network of publicly financed Jewish Schools in Québec .
Tony Sciascia , president of the Italian Canadian Congress , Quebec region , was also offended by Harel ’s characterization of some boroughs as Italian .
Wanna know how the kids of St. Leonard see their own city ?
How far up their asses are these people ’s heads ?
After reading that Harel called his borough , Ville Saint - Laurent an “ Arab City ” , Alan DaSousa said : “ I do n’t think it ’s appropriate for our community to be dissed in such a cavalier fashion ”
Care to explain how being called an Arab is a diss , Alan ?
Really ?
I understand you are not an Arab and that Ville Saint - Laurent is more diverse that Harel implied .
But what do you mean when you say being called Arab is a diss ?
Montréal municipal politics have always been an upside down mirror of provincial politics : those associated with sovereignty movement usually in favour of a strong centralized metropolis and the federalist are the ones pleading for a very loose confederation of independent municipalities .
The only thing that does n’t change is the willingness of the latter to use hate , lies and slander in their pathetic attempts to drive a wedge between francophones and other communities .
A microcredit co-op bank has sprung up in Northern California , using money pooled from hardware hackers to fund other open source hardware hacking projects .
They 've found 70 lenders ,
Two open source hardware enthusiasts , Justin Huynh and Matt Stack , have started the Open Source Hardware Bank to fund hardware projects such as the microcontroller board pictured above .
The fledgling bank is funding only open source hardware projects using capital raised from other hardware geeks .
It 's like a community of Facebook friends borrowing and lending among themselves – a peer - to - peer bank .
" This speaks to the rise of the do - it - yourselfer , someone who is not just a consumer but also a producer , inventor and investor , " says Huynh .
" But someone also ought to be thinking about the money problem when it comes to open source hardware and we are doing just that . "
Micro -blogging site Twitter is working on a scheme to verify that " celebrities " posting on the site are the real deal .
But it says it will not be settling out of court in a legal action brought by St Louis Cardinals manager Tony La Russa .
Starting this summer , the site will work on a beta ( test ) program to allow public figures to verify their identity .
Once they have done so , their account will be labeled with a special logo to show it is indeed run by the claimed personality .
Potential Charges for Account Verification
At first the scheme will be open to celebrities , sporting stars , politicians and public agencies .
Announcing the scheme , Stone did not make any mention of whether there will be a charge for account verification , though a spokesman said individuals wo n't be charged during the test period .
( Source : wsj.com )
That said , Stone did note there was a future " opportunity " for verifying businesses .
That could be a source of income , though it 's likely many firms would object to Twitter indirectly making cash out of the threat of bogus accounts .
Stone stressed that once the scheme is in place , the absence of a verification logo should not be seen as a sign that a particular account is bogus .
He suggested that celebrities could prove their account is legitimate by posting their Twitter user name on their official websites .
( Source : twitter.com )
Baseball Legend's Case " Frivolous , " Says Twitter
The site has already removed a bogus account claiming to be run by baseball manager La Russa .
The posts included comments about drunk driving and the deaths of team players .
However , Stone rejects claims that the site has settled a legal case brought by La Russa .
" Twitter has not settled , nor do we plan to settle or pay .
With due respect to the man and his notable work , Mr. La Russa 's lawsuit was an unnecessary waste of judicial resources bordering on frivolous . "
Bill Moore of Pacific Grove was barely in his 20s when he found out he had cholesterol trouble .
This was bad news for Moore because his father had died of a heart attack at 45 and because , as he told his doctor , Moore was eating all the right stuff .
The doctor prescribed cholesterol - lowering medication , and a subsequent test showed the drug was working very well .
Too well .
His doctor was very surprised , Moore says .
“ I told him I must be unique .
I must have a unique body composition . ”
But the truth was Moore had fed his doctor a false written record of his eating habits before beginning the drug -- reporting vegetables and salads that had never been on his menu , and not reporting all the hamburgers and pizzas that had .
Advertisement
Only when he started on the cholesterol drug did he finally begin eating the way he ’d been claiming to eat all along .
It was that change combined with the drug that made his cholesterol levels plunge .
Inaccurate information can do more than confuse a doctor .
It can lead to misinterpreted symptoms , overlooked warning signs , flawed diagnoses and treatments -- potentially endangering a patient ’s health , even life .
Still , doctors know that at least some of the time , at least some of their patients overstate , understate , embellish , omit , or otherwise stray from a straight and thorough reporting .
“ Everybody lies at some point , ” says Dr. Sharon Parish , a professor of clinical medicine at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York City who practices at Montefiore Medical Center .
They do it out of embarrassment , to please the doctor , to avoid a lecture .
Advertisement
But doctors and patient advocates agree that in most cases , when patients lie , they ’re pretty much asking for trouble .
Even when telling the truth is unappealing , “ getting into a lying relationship with your physician is really far more perilous , ” says Peter Clarke , director of the Center for Health and Medical Communication at USC and co-author of the 1998 book “ Surviving Modern Medicine . ”
An early lesson
That patients lie is one of the basics doctors learn in medical school .
Of 1,500 responders to a 2004 online survey by WebMD , 45 % admitted they had n’t always told it exactly like it was -- with 13 % saying they had “ lied , ” and 32 % saying they had “ stretched the truth . ”
Not included in those figures would be patients who “ lie ” without knowing they do so by withholding information because it slips their mind or they have no idea it could be useful .
( Maybe Aunt Agnes would gladly tell about the time she snored so loud she woke the neighbors if she knew that a diagnosis of sleep apnea could depend on it . )
Advertisement
In the WebMD survey , 38 % of respondents said they lied about following doctors ’ orders and 32 % about diet or exercise .
Doctor reports bear this out .
“ Patients are strongly motivated to have their doctors think they ’re good patients , ” says Dr. Steven Hahn , professor of clinical medicine at Albert Einstein College and an internist at Jacobi Medical Center in New York City .
It ’s hard to make a good impression when you ’re on an examining table in a flimsy , open - backed gown -- a fact that might make lying that much more tempting .
But even fully clothed , talking face to face across a desk , a patient cedes authority to the doctor .
And people generally like to please those in authority , says Emanuel Maidenberg , clinical professor of psychiatry at UCLA .
Patients also are prone to lying about the fact that they engage in social taboos , things their doctor might not approve of .
In the WebMD survey , 22 % lied about smoking , 17 % about sex , 16 % about drinking and 12 % about recreational drug use .
Advertisement
“ When you ’re studying psychiatry , you ’re taught that if a patient says , ‘ I use cocaine once a month , ’ you figure it ’s twice a month , ” says Dr. Robert Klitzman , professor of clinical psychiatry at Columbia University .
“ We were taught to double . ”
Patients lie because they do n’t want to be judged , embarrassed or misunderstood .
They lie about pursuing alternative health remedies because they disagree with their doctor or because they think an item is none of their doctor ’s business .
Doctors , of course , make the case that even deeply personal matters such as sexual orientation or having an extramarital affair can affect the care doctors give ( how to interpret symptoms , what tests to order , exams that might be important ) .
Patients may see only unpleasant invasions of their privacy -- and a risk that somehow their co-workers , parents or spouses will find out too .
“ We live in complex social webs , ” Klitzman says .
“ Someone will see the forms . . . .
People talk . ”
Advertisement
But co-workers , parents and spouses are n’t the only threats hanging over a patient ’s head .
Health insurance is another .
And so -- not surprisingly -- sometimes people lie in order to keep something out of their medical records or out of the hands of their insurance companies .
That can be of genuine concern , say doctors and patient advocates .
What happens in the doctor ’s office does n’t always stay in the doctor ’s office .
Anything and everything health - related that patients tell their doctors is supposed to go into their medical records .
That information is confidential , protected under the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act .
But in fact , it ’s only confidential until it is n’t .
Advertisement
Whenever patients apply to buy individual insurance policies , and whenever they file claims under policies they own , the insurance company can request their medical records .
Patients can refuse to release the records , but if they do , the company can refuse to sell them a policy or refuse to pay claims .
This is part of the deal patients agree to by signing on to the insurance contract .
And it does n’t take much in a patient ’s records to nix the sale of a policy .
“ A case of acne can do it , ” says Jerry Flanagan , an advocate with the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights .
And there are other insurance complications .
If , when processing a claim , the insurance company finds something in a patient ’s records that contradicts something the patient said when purchasing the policy , the company can retroactively cancel the policy , Flanagan says .
Then it can demand reimbursement for any claims it has already paid -- even if those claims had nothing to do with the reason for canceling the policy .
Advertisement
“ I would never advocate lying to your doctor , ” Flanagan says , “ but I can definitely understand why someone might . ”
Dr. Ken Duckworth , medical director of the National Alliance on Mental Illness , suggests one scenario in which it might be tempting to lie .
Say someone learns from a gene testing company that she is carrying a gene that puts her at risk for a disease for which there is no treatment or prevention .
Then , he says , “ it could be in a patient ’s interest to conceal that information . ”
Arthur Caplan , director of the Center for Bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia , cites yet another hypothetical : Say a patient feels deserving of coverage for a certain condition or treatment , but his symptoms do n’t quite fit the insurance company ’s requirements .
The patient might adapt the description of his symptoms to qualify for coverage , “ and that might arguably be defensible or excusable . ”
Accuracy is vital
Advertisement
Sometimes , a doctor may be willing to help by overstating a patient ’s case .
In 1997 , Dr. Victor Freeman , then a primary care research fellow at Georgetown University Medical Center , asked 167 internists across the country what doctors should do if one of their patients was at first turned down for coverage of a treatment that was medically indicated .
Almost half -- 45 % -- said it was ethical to lie in order to get coverage for the patient .
The more serious the condition , the more doctors said lying was appropriate : 57 % when bypass surgery was at stake for a patient with severe angina or chronic atherosclerosis ; 47 % when the issue was comfort care for a patient with terminal ovarian cancer causing abdominal pain and extreme nausea ; 32 % when a patient with severe depression was seeking a psychiatric referral .
At other times , a doctor may be willing to help by leaving things out of a patient ’s record .
Advertisement
Dr. Howard Brody , director of the Institute for the Medical Humanities at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston , Texas , suggests patients talk to their doctors if they have symptoms or conditions they fear could disqualify them for insurance coverage .
“ There may be times when a doctor will agree to not put it on [ record ] , ” he says .
“ But that ’s very iffy .
It ’s not good medical practice as a rule . ”
Clarke suggests patients have two sets of medical records , a private one between patient and doctor and another for sharing with others .
Advertisement
“ The solution is not to lie to your physician but to establish private records that wo n’t be released to third parties , ” he says .
“ If your physician wo n’t do that , it ’s reason enough to leave the physician . ”
Short of changing to a healthcare system where insurance companies can’t refuse to sell anyone a policy because of a health condition -- which he favors -- Flanagan says there ’s no ideal solution for some patients .
Even so , most doctors , ethicists and patient advocates think it ’s a bad idea to lie to a doctor , although they all see reasons why patients might want to -- and even scenarios where a lie might be justified .
Some ethicists consider it a moral obligation for patients to tell the truth to their doctors , Brody says .
In establishing a patient - doctor relationship , the first step is to take a thorough medical history .
Advertisement
“ None of the rest makes any sense without an accurate history to guide you , ” he says .
Lying about what you eat , how much exercise you get or whether you ’re taking your medication as prescribed may seem benign but can be hazardous .
If it seems you ’ve been doing everything right , and your condition still is n’t improving , the doctor could change your current treatment plan to something more serious and invasive -- and unnecessary .
As for embarrassment , perhaps patients worry too much about what their doctors think of them .
“ Doctors have heard it all , ” Klitzman says .
“ They ’ve seen it all . ”
Advertisement
In other words : Get over yourself .
--
health@latimes.com
NEO - NAZI JOE ?
Lie down with gutter mutts , and you get mange .
This little nugget of wisdom certainly applies to Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's recent photo - op with a local neo -Nazi , who goes by the handle " Vito Lombardi . "
Currently , there 's a snapshot of Joe and Vito up on Stormfront.org , a white supremacist message board run by Don Black , a former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan .
The picture was taken May 2 , the day of the anti-Arpaio Walk for Respect , which saw 2,000 demonstrators march about seven miles from downtown Phoenix 's Wells Fargo Bank building , where Arpaio has two floors of pricey executive offices , to 31st Avenue and Durango Street , just across the street from Joe 's Tent City .
The march took off about 9:45 a.m. and got to Tent City hours later .
But before those protesting Arpaio 's anti-immigrant policies arrived at their destination , Joe had already swung by to say hello to his supporters .
These included about 100 members from different groups , who 'd positioned themselves on the sidewalk on the south side of Durango .
Most were members of ex-Kia dealer Rusty Childress ' anti-immigrant hate group United for a Sovereign America , a bunch that 's accepted neo - Nazis into its ranks .
One of U.S.A.'s former affiliates , J.T. Ready , was also present with about three other hardcore swastika - lovers , including one 20 - year - old skinhead dressed all in black , the aforementioned " Lombardi . "
When the marchers finally began to make their way down Durango , the first counter - protesters they saw were Ready , Lombardi , and the other neo -Nazis flipping the Nazi salute , screaming " Sieg Heil ! " and stomping on the Mexican tricolor .
Ready waved a giant Confederate flag , and yelled , " Look at the Jew ! " over and over to someone in the crowd .
Lombardi hollered words such as " scum , " " rapists , " and " murderers " to the mostly Hispanic throng .
The crowd became enraged by these taunts and similar actions on the part of the U.S.A. nativists , who wore surgical masks to " protect " themselves from swine flu and waved racist placards saying that Mexican immigrants bring disease .
Indeed , if it had not been for scores of Phoenix cops working the event — and keeping the two sides away from each others — the taunting and occasional tossing of water bottles and fruit might have escalated into violence .
Arpaio 's MCSO did nothing , other than secure its perimeter and protect the area set aside for Joe 's press conference .
On that day , the MCSO basically ceded command to the Phoenix PD .
Joe 's arrival on the scene was captured by videographer and nativist Lynne Stevens , one of the armed U.S.A. members who has been protesting civil rights activist and march organizer Salvador Reza 's Macehualli Day Labor Center in north Phoenix for more than a year now .
In the footage Stevens posted to her YouTube account — now up on my Feathered Bastard blog — you see Joe 's black car stop in front of a handful of neo -Nazis .
Joe talks to them from the back seat .
In the video , Lombardi gushes , " If you pat our back , we 've got your back . "
Then a neo -Nazi named Harry ( who goes by " Vandal " online ) asks whether he can take photos .
Soon , Lombardi squats in front of the car 's rear side door and gets his pic with Joe .
Arpaio then informs the neo - Nazis that the demonstrators " wo n't be here for an hour , " to which Lombardi replies , " Gotcha . "
I 'm already hearing the excuses .
Joe did n't know the neo - Nazi was a neo - Nazi , even though the skinhead look and the black combat outfit would give most politicos pause .
Then there was Lombardi's sign calling Mexicans " scum , " and the fact Lombardi was standing on a Mexican flag .
Maybe Joe did n't see that .
Like they say , the eyesight 's the first thing to go .
As for giving the neo - Nazis a heads - up on how far away the marchers were , well , Joe 's chummy like that to everyone , whether you 're wiping your boots on the Mexican flag , flying a Confederate pennant , or waving racist signs .
If you support Joe , he 'll show ya some love .
No matter what Arpaio or his apologists say , Joe has become a magnet for nativist and neo -Nazi kooks , and he apparently has zero qualms about it .
For instance , back in 2008 , after he spoke before a crowd of United for a Sovereign America members , I challenged Joe on why he was palling around with a nativist org that allows goose - steppers to enter its camp .
He responded that he talks to " everybody , " no matter what their affiliation .
I got the same response from his top flack , Lisa Allen .
Seems there 's no shame in their game , even when it comes to Hitler - worshippers .
But according to Arizona Anti-Defamation League director Bill Straus , Arpaio should have some shame regarding the wanna - be - shutzstaffel in the sheriff 's fan base .
" If [ Arpaio ] watches that video from Saturday , " Straus told me , speaking of a video of the sieg heil - ing National Socialists circulating on YouTube ( which can also be found on the Feathered Bastard blog ) , " and does n't feel a slight burden of responsibility to the non-white - supremacist , non - neo - Nazi , non-racist community to say , ' Hey , I 'm not looking for support from those groups , ' then I 'm more than a little disappointed with him . "
I 'd be disappointed , too , if it were n't so true to form for Sheriff Joe .
But then , I 'm funny that way .
I do n't like it when our elected officials play snugglebunny with racist extremists .
Channel 12 confronted Arpaio with video of the neo - Nazis doing their stiff - arm salute , though at that point , the pic of Joe and Lombardi had yet to surface .
Arpaio told the TV journos that he does n't assosciate with hate groups .
( Um , excepting for U.S.A . )
His office released a statement to 12 , saying , " It is not the sheriff 's position to discourage groups on either side from exercising their rights .
Sheriff Arpaio does not have any control over who shows up to these public protests . "
Lame response , Joe .
Especially when you were caught red - handed cavorting with racists of all stripes at the event .
HOUSE OF PAIN
While the haters in the nativist and neo -Nazi camp were possessed by fits of rage and viciousness , the successful march of thousands , led by Rage Against the Machine / One Day as a Lion frontman Zack de la Rocha ended peacefully , in a sort of block party , right in front of Joe 's massive incarceration complex .
At one point , Arpaio attempted to draw attention away from the stage set up at 31st Avenue and Durango with an open - air press conference .
But protesters shouting César Chávez 's old rallying cry of , " Si , se puede , " sent Joe and a compliant press corps scurrying behind a ginormous MCSO truck .
In general , Joe looked old and confused and lacked the energy of his previous struts before the cameras .
Indeed , the energy was on the other side of the street , with people of all ages , all races , all ethnicities banding together to protest Arpaio 's anti-immigrant policies and the federal 287 ( g ) program that empowers him .
Despite the tension at the end between the protesters and counter - protesters , the Walk for Respect had been peaceful throughout its grueling march in the warm May sun .
A group of indigenous dancers , carrying incense , led the way .
Protesters were in good humor as they made their way west on Van Buren Street , even as a black MCSO helicopter buzzed them at one point .
They carried signs saying , " We are human , " " Stop separating families , " and " Silence is betrayal , " this last one featuring a photo of Phoenix Bishop Thomas Olmsted with Sheriff Joe .
Demonstrators chanted " Hey hey , ho ho , Sheriff Joe 's got to go , " and " Arpaio racista , eres terrorista , " which means , " Arpaio racist , you are a terrorist . "
They were cheered on as they walked through Mexican neighborhoods lined with car shops , little mercados , taquerías , and beauty parlors .
At one point , Phoenix artist Michael 23 met up with the marchers in a black " UFO " equipped with a sound system .
He allowed marchers to chant into his microphone , and mentioned that he and others inside the UFO were illegal " aliens . "
The night before , some of those in the anti-Arpaio army had been at Garibaldi's Real Mexican Grill for a fundraiser for Tonatierra and the Macehualli Day Labor Center , both of which are in dire financial straits and may be forced to close by the end of May if not enough money 's raised .
At Garibaldi's , donors ate spicy chicken mole while watching a video presentation by activist Dennis Gilman and organizer Carlos Garcia .
Afterward , Maricopa County Supervisor Mary Rose Wilcox , Tonatierra 's Tupac Acosta , and Macehualli 's Reza spoke .
Then , finally , the guest of honor , De la Rocha , rose to address the audience .
The rock star spoke briefly , thanking his guests .
Then , following a short preamble , he read in entirety a letter from inside Joe 's Estrella Jail , written by mothers , daughters , and wives separated from their families because of Arpaio 's anti-immigrant sweeps and raids .
The letter is heartrending and alleges cruel mistreatment by Arpaio 's guards .
It was first published on my blog , with the names of its authors removed to protect them from further abuse .
De la Rocha had read it on Feathered Bastard and asked for a copy of the translation so he could read it at the fundraiser and , later , at the rally after the march .
At one point , De la Rocha choked up reading the missive .
That 's not surprising , considering passages like this :
" We find ourselves here in a tunnel without an exit , being treated like dogs that are not deserving of anything .
We need help for our cases .
Someone to listen to us and do something for the injustices that are being committed against us .
Our children and our parents suffer our sentences the most .
And we find ourselves with our hearts broken without knowing what 's going to happen tomorrow . "
Following this ,
De la Rocha signed pro-immigrant posters created by artist Shepard Fairey , he of the famous Barack Obama " Hope " poster , and Fairey collaborator Ernesto Yerena , with proceeds from poster sales to benefit the imperiled Macehualli center .
The poster - signing continued down at Tonatierra , on Seventh Street just south of Roosevelt , where a fundraising party got down , featuring local acts such as the punk band Automatic Self Destruct , folk guitarist the Black River Bandit , and radical Phoenix MC Grime .
At first , De la Rocha planned to perform , as he did before the February 28 anti-Arpaio march , which drew some 5,000 souls .
But the Rage Against the Machine star was worn out from his activities and all the autographs he 'd signed through the night .
On Saturday , De la Rocha marched with thousands of ordinary Phoenicians , as well as notable locals such as Tucson firebrand Isabel Garcia , former state Senator Alfredo Gutierrez , Randy Parraz and Raquel Teran of Maricopa Citizens for Safety and Accountability , former Guadalupe Mayor Rebecca Jimenez , ACORN organizer Monica Sandschafer , Respect / Repeto 's Lydia Guzman , cheeky Phoenix activist Adolfo Maldonado , and Supervisor Wilcox .
Guadalupe 's Socorro Bernasconi handed out water to marchers along the way , and William Robles , a Guadalupe activist , who on Thursday did his own march from Guadalupe to the Wells Fargo building , took up the rear , banging on a huge black drum .
Although the news channels and other media generally ignored what De la Rocha had to say at the walk 's end , he offered an impassioned analysis of the situation in Maricopa County , before repeating the words of the Letter from Estrella a short distance from Estrella Jail itself .
" It is because of your efforts tirelessly in the streets , " he told the crowd at one point , " marching and confronting [ Arpaio's ] racist policy , that his impunity is beginning to crumble .
But it 's not just about a bigoted and brutal man alone ; it 's about the federal policy that empowers him .
Many of us are here today to confront the racism and the destructive policy of the 287 ( g ) agreements .
The practice of this policy has unearthed what I consider to be one of the most dire human rights crises in this country right now .
" So we need to confront also , and get into the specifics of this ugly and brutal agreement .
We need to confront the legal lynching that has been systematically woven into this policy as the line between civil law and criminal law has been all but erased , tearing apart the constitutional protections of those of us working here with our without documents . "
Well said , but I wonder how many more marches and demonstrations there will have to be in this country before the U.S. Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security act ?
Does there need to be civil disobedience , or worse , before Arpaio is called to heel , his 287 ( g ) authority jerked , and his civil rights abuses halted and brought before the bar of justice ?
I know there were DOJ personnel monitoring the march .
And , recently , both DHS and DOJ had investigators in town to look into Arpaio 's actions .
But the wheels are turning too slow .
Those separated from their families and mistreated in Joe 's gulags can't wait much longer .
FARIAS , SAVED
Since the nasty demise of liberal talk radio network NovaM , and the resultant recriminations and finger - pointing , former NovaM talker Jeff Farias has been plugging along with his online Web cast , thejefffariasshow.com , which has got to be one of the only Webcasts of its kind locally , if not nationally , with a die - hard audience of listeners willing to log on every day at 3 p.m. to watch Farias ' live feed from his garage studio .
The good news for those locally who want and need some left - wing talk to counter the J.D. Hayworths , Rush Limbaughs , and other far - right tongue - flappers on the dial is that Farias has scored an on - air gig doing his lefty show on a local Christian station , no less , KXXT 1010 AM , where he 'll be heard Monday through Friday , 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m .
Those bound to their desks can catch streaming audio and video of the show at www.1280kxeg.com.
Seems 1010 AM , which owns another Christian station locally , is willing to play with its format a bit .
Hence , Farias ' recent salvation .
However , being devoted to his craft , Farias tells me that he plans to keep doing the Webcasts from the garage at the same bat time .
Does this mean Farias will have to tone down his act for the Lord , play hymns as intros to the show , or preach a little about Jay - sus in between tirades against Republicans ?
Nah , says Farias , 1010 AM knows what they 're getting into .
And as for Farias , he says he 's happy to be back on the air where anyone with a car radio can hear the program .
For those who think God 's a Ronald Reagan conservative , better think again .
If the Man from Galilee wants to lend a hand to Farias , maybe that means Christ was a lefty after all .
But so much for introductions .
If it were not for the predictably tragic consequences , it might be sport to watch the South Carolina Republican Party 's quadrennial parade of wingnuts , unreconstructed Confederates , Bible - beaters and general wackaloons race one another for its gubernatorial nomination .
I say it 's predictably tragic because of the powerful Republican primary electorate ; you might accurately think of them as you think of the last half - cup of coffee left in the pot at the end of the day , having rested on the warmer since early morning :
They are just as strong , just as dense , just as bitter .
Consider Arlen Specter 's plight at facing the condensation of his own Republican primary electors in Pennsylvania , then consider that Arlen Specter could never have been elected in South Carolina in the first place .
Now you have the sense of things here .
So it might be sport to watch the quadrennial Republican parade except that you know its going to yield the truly lowest common denominator who appeals to that crowd .
And you know that voters in the general election , thanks to a whole host of factors , will acquiesce , will skip the polls altogether , will rationalize , will grit teeth , or will flip a coin and vote for that nominated fool .
It has happened with only one exception since Dick Riley left the office triumphant in the 1980s , and that was when the unassuming and underestimated Jim Hodges rode the issue of video poker to a surprising win in 1998 .
Remember the late Gov. Carroll Campbell , still celebrated by modern South Carolinian Republicans as might - have - been presidential material , buoyed by deep , deep family pockets ?
Remember the unfortunate Gov. David Beasley , trapped in a holding pattern over his own head but cushioned by similarly deep - pocketed family banking interests ?
Indeed , Hodges offered a breath of fresh air , straight talk with a soft voice and soothing manner , and genuine folksiness that came from being " just plain folks . "
That is , until the Republican machine retooled its quadrennial parade and minted the gubernatorial nomination of Mark Sanford in 2002 .
It is easy to forget , after the excruciating debacle of Sanford 's term and a half - plus , that he was not at all newly - minted in the spring of 2002 when he dispatched Lt Governor ( and mustachioed head of South Carolina 's milk - marketeer family ) Bob Peeler .
He had served , in fact , a storied six years in the U.S. Congress , representing the coastal " Low Country " region where his Floridian father had established a " plantation " abode , to which the older Sanford removed his family in young Marshall 's -- later known as Mark's -- childhood .
That was the appropriate time -- the six years of his service in the U.S. Congress -- for the judgment of Mark Sanford to begin , because it coincided with an episode in American history in which officeholders of a certain sanctimony orchestrated the process by which they would sit in judgment of the American president .
In early 1998 , when rumors of an alleged affair involving President Bill Clinton surfaced in Washington , some Republican leaders cautioned against driving the president out of office , suggesting that a weakened Democratic president might be just the tonic for a resurgent Republican Congress .
But a principled thirty - something Congressman from Charleston , South Carolina , opined to the Charleston Post and Courier that Clinton should , for the good of the country , step down .
He was Mark Sanford .
Sunday , February 1 , 1998
There is a theory that Republicans would n't mind having a battered Clinton around for the next couple of years .
Such a scenario would help the GOP win upcoming legislative and electoral battles , the thinking goes .
Charleston 's congressman says it 's not worth it because a weakened Clinton clinging to office would be bad for the country .
And what 's bad for the country is bad for everyone , including Republicans , said 1st District Rep. Mark Sanford , R- S.C.
" I do n't know how that could be good for anybody , '' Sanford said .
" I do n't think it 's good to have anyone who 's wounded in that high an office . ''
Six months later , following Clinton 's infamous speech to the nation in which admitted his indiscretion , Mark Sanford reiterated his view to the Post and Courier .
Saturday , August 22 , 1998 Also on Friday , 1st District Rep. Mark Sanford , R - S.C. , weighed in for the first time on Clinton 's address on his relationship with former intern Monica Lewinsky and on the military strikes in Sudan and Afghanistan .
On the first matter , Sanford said Clinton " told us what we all suspected , or maybe even knew .
The speech was him saying , ` Yeah , I did it , and I hope you do n't care . '
I do n't know if the American public is going to be willing . "
The next month , talking to The State newspaper of Columbia , Sanford used the release of Ken Starr 's magnum opus on the affair to repeat his view that Clinton 's indiscretion warranted resignation .
Saturday , September 12 , 1998 Republican Rep. Mark Sanford said he found the report " deeply unsettling , " and said that the CEO of a company or the principal of a high school would have been fired or would have resigned in similar circumstances .
He said the president should step down .
And when he had the opportunity to put his opinion into the form of legislative action , he voted to initiate an impeachment hearing on Clinton 's indiscretions .
Friday , October 9 , 1998 Rep. Mark Sanford said the hearings would allow the country to start the process of putting the scandal behind it .
" If you let these dark clouds hang over our heads in Washington , you 'd have people saying , ' The president lied ; I can lie , too , ' " he said .
" Or you 'd have the second evil , which is two systems of law - one for powerful people and one for the rest of the people . "
Owing in large part to Republicans ' full - frontal impeachment attack on Clinton , the party lost seats in the mid-term congressional elections and Speaker Newt Gingrich stepped down , opening the door for Rep. Bob Livingston of Louisiana to take the seat .
But then Livingston admitted to his own indiscretions , giving the Republican conference a cold shock just as it prepared to carry the impeachment fight into the Senate .
The Associated Press reported that most House Republicans would still support Livingston 's bid for Speaker , but one curiously -- and pointedly -- did not : Mark Sanford .
Friday , December 18 , 1998 Livingston spokesman Mark Corallo said , " There has been no talk of resignation .
The Republican Conference is solidly behind " the speaker nominee .
South Carolina Republican Rep. Mark Sanford said Thursday on CNN's " Crossfire , " " The bottom line is he still lied , he lied under a different oath , the oath to his wife . "
Sanford 's aggressively haughty criticism of the Speaker - designate incensed Livingston .
According to The State , Sanford was n't chagrined in the least .
Saturday , December 19 , 1998
The emotions are feverish .
Ask Republican U.S. Rep. Mark Sanford .
He knows .
He 's experienced it .
The Charleston congressman made the mistake of going on national television Thursday night and criticizing House Speaker - designate Bob Livingston , a fellow Republican , for his admitted past sexual " indiscretion . "
When Sanford returned to his Capitol Hill office , a message was waiting for him .
Call Livington 's office .
The Louisianan 's staff gave him a tongue - lashing .
Why did he do it ?
It was so unnecessary , the staff told Sanford .
The South Carolinian , no shrinking violet , was his straightforward self .
He told the Livingston staffers that if the speaker - designate had a problem with what Sanford said on CNN's " Crossfire , " Livingston could call him .
...
A crush of media representatives peppered lawmakers off the House floor about the speaker - designate and wondered out loud whether Livingston might not be forced to step down before his swearing - in Jan .
6 . Sanford declined to soften his criticism of Livingston , however .
" Did he lose some of his moral authority ?
Certainly , " Sanford said , stressing he was not going to be an apologist for a Republican who had done wrong .
Sunday , December 20 , 1998 GOP U.S. Rep. Mark Sanford of Charleston , who charged that Livingston violated the most sacred of oaths when he cheated on his wife , cautioned Republicans not to carry the private vs. public life issue too far .
" I think we 've got to be very careful as a party not to make perfection a standard , " he said .
Democrats were careful not to attack Livingston for his indiscretion .
They saw little value in it .
But some conservative Republicans , mostly those identified with the religious right , reacted angrily to his admission .
Sanford said Livingston lost all moral authority to lead .
When Clinton 's next State of the Union Address came , Sanford told the Post and Courier that interpreted the president 's continued focus on his work as strategic :
Tuesday , January 19 , 1999 WASHINGTON -
What is the proper way to treat a president who has been impeached , is on trial in the Senate , and will march into the House tonight and likely deliver glowing news about the country in his annual State of the Union address ?
First District Rep. Mark Sanford , R - S.C. , says he does n't know .
" Absolutely , people are going to be struggling with their respect for the office and whatever personal thoughts they have for this particular president , " said Sanford , who , like other GOP congressmen from South Carolina , voted to impeach President Clinton .
...
However , indications are that Clinton has adopted a strategy of showing Americans that he has moved on to other business and that the trial has not affected his ability to do his job .
" It seems part of a fairly well thought - out strategy , " Sanford said .
Need a " bottom - line " review ?
Steve Piacente of the Charleston Post and Courier delivers it .
Sunday , February 21 , 1999 First District Rep. Mark Sanford , R - S.C. , voted to send all four articles of impeachment to the Senate .
So when America 's chief executive officer was caught having had an affair , Mark Sanford first said the president should resign , then voted to initiate impeachment hearings , then voted to impeach the president in four separate Articles of Impeachment .
Now the same Mark Sanford stands as South Carolina 's chief executive officer and admits to having had an affair .
South Carolina 's Constitution includes no provisions for the removal of a chief executive by any other entity -- by the judiciary , by the legislature , by the people themselves -- for such choices as Clinton and Sanford made .
The lack of an impeachment process leaves to Mark Sanford himself the decision whether or not to vacate his office .
As Sanford himself said , a corporate CEO under similar circumstances would be fired .
As Sanford himself said , resignation by such a wounded chief executive would be best for the people 's interests .
As Sanford himself said , a chief executive who has broken his oath to his family has lost all moral authority to lead .
So I leave it to observers from outside South Carolina as I began it : Now is not the time to begin judging Mark Sanford .
That time began long ago , at about the time he began to judge another of the same offenses .
wet
Anything else you found greatly improved upon this NBA season ?
Indiana Pacer Danny Grainger was named the NBA 's Most Improved Player last night or today or whenever after having a pretty solid season for a pretty not - so - solid team .
I guess the award looks at points scored rather than intangibles or any relevant data when choosing .
Anyways , congrats to Danny !
After the announcement , we got to thinking about the other things , players , dancers , etc. that have improved over the last year .
This list possibly could have gone on for years !
Carmelo Anthony , Allen Iverson , and Ben WallaceWe have been begging for 2 + years now for the god-awful twirling - designy corn row to disappear and sure enough , it happened !
These three players were essentially the fathers of corn and have kept hairstylists in business even during tough recession - esque times , but all 1999 ideas have to come to an end .
Just ask the scrunchy .
Much better boys , much better .
Denver Nuggets Dance TeamThis was probably the easiest decision of all after the wonderfully bouncy year that certain members of the Nuggets Dance team had while being captured on video during a certain " festive " night .
NBA dance teams around the country seem to be getting a bad rap for looking like strippers ... well just so you know ladies , I 'm here if you need any extra support or ... hugs .
Toronto Raptors in Black
The timing of the black jerseys was perfect even if the franchise had no idea HOW perfect .
Traditionally , human beings tend to wear black when attending a funeral ... you see where we 're headed with this one ?
And fortunately for our cause , they just hired their interim head coach .
Bury 'em .-
Blazers 6 Men-on - the - Court RuleThe league decided it should adjust itself after the Blazers snuck one of the greatest plays ever by the beloved Boston Celtics .
The " nation " was up in arms after they found themselves on the wrong end of a royal screwing .
How could this be !
No one messes with Bill Russell !
No one !- THE_REAL_SHAQI still hate Twitter ( Make sure to follow us !) but when Shaquille O'Neal came out as the magnificent mind behind THE_REAL_SHAQ , fanboys around the interwebs became instantly erect with scavenger hunting emotions .
I 'll even admit that during Shaq 's last trip to Portland , my F5 key never got so much action . -
Mark CubanJust when we thought Mark Cuban could n't have been any more polarizing , he started talkin ' bout mamas !
We 're obviously still waiting for him to be " taken care of " ... also nice to see Cuban stay technologically advanced by blogging an apology .
Classy and heartfelt .- Glen " Big Baby " DavisIn one year , he 's gone from crying on the end of the bench and living literally up to his nickname to dropping buzzer beaters in the NBA Playoffs while filling in for supposed tough guy and biggest heart in the game , Kevin Garnett . - Marko Jaric / Adriana LimaWe all scoffed at Marko when the rumors started flying about his romance with Adriana Lima and then the S.O.B. married her .
Eloped .
Ruineddreams .
Laughed at all of us . - Kevin GarnettNot only does the " Ticket " take on rookies and white guys like no one else , but he also finds that wearing v-neck sweaters and suits gives him even more responsibility of holding up his douch - ness .
We saw KG drop down on all fours , bark like a dog , challenge Ben Gordon from the sidelines , and swear up such a storm that TV cameras refuse to show his Goomba - like mug . - LeBron Announces his EntryWe definitely are n't talking about that fixed sham of a dunk contest that went on this year .
The only good thing to come out of the 2009 dunk contest was the King himself announcing his entry into the 2010 showdown .
We are definitely all witnesses ...______________________________________________________________________
______________________________________________________________________
Make sure to follow us on Twitter and subscribe to Blaze of Love for instant updates !
Russia 's financial crisis is beginning to destabilise the delicate Kremlin power balance , with a struggle between rival clans eroding Vladimir Putin 's authority and aggravating his relationship with his protege , President Dmitry Medvedev .
There are growing signs that a powerful group of military and security officials grouped around Putin are locking horns with economic liberals headed by Medvedev as the two groups fight for control of rapidly evaporating state finances .
Medvedev marked the first anniversary of his election victory yesterday , but the triumphalism has long since dissipated .
Russia has been hit hard by the global crisis , with the stockmarket down almost 80 % from its peak , and the rouble sliding fast .
Russia 's top 10 billionaires alone lost an estimated $ 150 bn last year .
The sudden evaporation of Russia 's newfound wealth has set the two Kremlin cliques on a collision course and put Putin - now prime minister - in an awkward position .
As a former KGB agent he is heavily identified with the security group , known as the siloviki , but he also has strong personal loyalty to a small clique of liberals from his home town of St Petersburg .
Experts say Putin is losing status as he attempts to contain conflict between the factions .
Cracks are appearing in his relationship with Medvedev .
" Putin used to act as an arbiter standing above the two main clans - the siloviki and the rational economists , " said Dmitry Oreshkin , a leading political analyst .
" Now he 's been dragged down into the fight and he 's under fire from both sides .
The siloviki say he's a weakling incapable of imposing his will and showing the economists their place , while the economists in turn are consolidating around Medvedev . "
Medvedev , handpicked by Putin from among loyal acolytes as a successor , has begun to issue muffled criticism of his mentor , leading some to believe that he may be enjoying the trappings of power and be prepared to flex his political muscle .
At a recent meeting with economic officials Medvedev said responses to the financial crisis - set by Putin as head of government - were " unacceptably slow " and instead of action on promised reforms there had been only " talking and talking " .
Last month Igor Yurgens , director of the Institute of Contemporary Development , a new thinktank created by Medvedev , criticised Putin for restricting press freedom and stressed that " the most honest and independent opinions on Russia 's problems are coming from the liberal wing , rather than from the so - called statist patriots " .
" Medvedev has got the whiff of power in his nose and he likes it , " said Mikhail Delyagin , an analyst and former government adviser on economic policy .
" He 's given tacit approval for his administration to engage in an information war with Putin 's apparatus . "
The man at the centre of the Kremlin power struggle is the finance minister , Alexei Kudrin , who has warned the siloviki and the private corporations in which they have strong interests that the state is limiting financial rescue packages for big business .
" The siloviki have been used to sharing out the spoils of the state , " said Delyagin .
" They want to get rid of Kudrin because he holds the purse strings and he 's not giving them any cash . "
An $ 18 m corruption investigation into the finance minister 's deputy was renewed three weeks ago in a thinly veiled attack on his boss by the siloviki .
For Putin , the problem is that Kudrin - who yesterday admitted mistakes in handling the financial crisis - is one of his deputies and an old ally from his St Petersburg days .
The internecine struggle between Kremlin factions has prompted rumours that Putin , afraid of becoming a focal point of public discontent , recently considered the possibility of leaving his post .
In this scenario , he would become speaker of the state duma , Russia 's lower house of parliament , as a member of the statist United Russia party .
Another scenario is that Putin will be forced to sack Kudrin in order to appease the military - security clique .
A former lawyer , Medvedev has no law enforcement links in his past and is at loggerheads with key siloviki figures such as the deputy prime minister , Igor Sechin , who rely on Putin for influence .
Medvedev , 43 , has little of the physical aura of Putin , 56 , who has burnished an action - man image by flying jets , practising judo throws and being pictured going fishing with a bare chest .
Commentators , however , say the younger man is slowly gaining authority .
" At the moment Medvedev can still walk into a room full of governors and no one will even notice him , " said Delyagin .
" It reminds you of Winston Churchill 's phrase : ' An empty taxi pulled up at 10 Downing Street , and Clement Attlee got out ' .
But he is building confidence .
And it should n't be forgotten that Attlee in fact defeated Churchill . "
88 c : John Larroquette / Randy Newman
Gay Communist Gun Club
Bob ..... Phil Hartman
John ..... John Larroquette
Caller # 1..... Dana Carvey
Caller # 2..... Al Franken
Caller # 3..... Jon Lovitz
Caller # 4 ..... Tom Davis
Caller # 5 .....
Caller # 6 ..... Jim Downey
Caller # 7 ..... Jan Hooks Bob : Hi , and welcome again to the " Gay Communist Gun Club " , the organization dedicated to gayness ..
John : .. Communism ..
Bob : .. and guns .
Let 's get right to our first caller .
Caller # 1 : Uh..
I 'm gay .. and I 'm pretty liberal .. but I hate guns .
Could I join the club ?
Bob :
No , I 'm afraid not .
You see , while we certainly support your gayness , without Communism ..
John : .. and guns ..
Bob : ..it 's pretty meaningless .
Next call , please .
Caller # 2 : Yeah , I love guns .. but I ain't no Commie , and I certainly ain't no homosexual .
Could I join ?
Bob : Sorry , no .
We 'd love to talk guns with you , but unless you took the next logical step of becoming gay and Communist , I do n't see much chance .
Do you ?
John :
No , not really .
Next caller , please .
Caller # 3 : Uh , yeah ..
I do n't like guns , and I 'm not gay .. but I 'm just an ardent , ardent Communist .
Could I be an associate member , or something ?
Together : No-o-o-o!
Bob :
You see , Communism without homosexuality is like ..
I do n't know .. a May Day parade without a feather boa .
John : Exactly .
Next caller !
Caller # 4 : I have a two - part question - with a 12 - gauge , do you prefer the Winchester or the Mossburg .. and , uh .. secondly , are you two lovers ?
John : Personally , I like the Mossburg , it 's a little heavier , has less recoil .. and , we are n't lovers , but we have had sex on regular occasions .
Would n't you say , Bob ?
Bob : Wellllll ..
actually , I 'm starting to lean toward the Winchester .
John : Next caller , please .
Caller # 5 : Yes .
Was Marx gay ?
John : Uh , I do n't think so .
I believe he was married with children .
Bob : But , so are you !
John : [ laughs ]
That 's true !
Bob :
You 're on the air .
Caller # 6 : Why should n't I just join the National Rifle Association , or the National Gay Alliance ?
John : Well .. the NRA has certainly supported pro-gun legislation , but if you look at their record at promoting Communism or gayness , it 's actually not that good .
Bob :
And , I could be wrong on this - the National Gay Alliance has yet to sponsor one bare butt safari .
Caller # 7 : Yes , I 'm gay , I'm Communist , I love guns , and I 'm a staunch feminist , .
Could I join ?
John : Whoa , whoa , whoa !
Lady , you 're all over the place !
I think you should focus in on what you believe in , and then call us back .
Would n't you agree ?
Bob : Absolutely .
Take us .
We just believe in gayness ..
John : .. Communism ..
Bob : .. and guns .
And that 's it .
Now , it 's time for what I think everyone 's been waiting for - our endorsement for President of the United States .
John :
It was a tough choice , but we have decided to endorse ..
George Bush .
Bob :
Although he does n't support all our positions , we feel that two out of three was n't bad .
John :
So , join us next week on the " Gay Communist Gun Club " , when we 'll be taking flowers from our communal garden , making different flower arrangements , and then blasting them apart with shotguns !
Bob :
And do n't forget to call in , we 're always looking for new members , members who are gay ..
John : .. Communist ..
Bob : .. and love guns .
John :
And remember - there is no god , but we think if there was , he'd be a gun-loving homosexual .
Bob : Bye bye !
[ fade ]
SNL Transcripts
Twitter Spam
By : Jeff Clark Date : Thu , 14 May 2009
I was looking at the Twitter StreamGraph for ' Star Trek ' a little while ago and noticed an unusual pattern .
There was a peak caused by many users sending the exact same tweet which contained a long list of trending hashtags that were otherwise unrelated - # googlefail , # whyitweet , #hubble , # star trek , # gmail etc .
The tweet actually does vary slightly in that a different ow.ly URL is used but they all lead to the same place .
It 's obvious twitter spam carefully constructed to catch the attention of people following the trending terms .
Here are snapshots of two of the accounts showing that their last 6 tweets were identical .
They have different numbers of followers with the one account acquiring an impressive 924 - more than I have .
Presumably there is a large set of spam accounts and many follow each other .
Other characteristics that seem to suggest spam besides the redundancy are no evidence of @replies and the fact that every single tweet seems to mention a product name and include a link .
I suspect it would n't be too hard to detect these algorithmically .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Two good Samaritans returned more than $ 275,000 that tumbled out of an improperly secured armored truck in Syracuse , New York , last week .
But some not - so - good Samaritans seem to have walked away with another $ 60,000 that fell onto the street .
An armored truck inadvertently strewed bags of money on the ground in front of the Syracuse Antiques Exchange .
A Brinks armored truck inadvertently strewed more than a dozen bags of money on the ground in front of the Syracuse Antiques Exchange on Friday , according to Sgt. Tom Connellan of the Syracuse police department .
The bags slipped out of an open door on the side of the truck .
Apparently oblivious , the driver proceeded to his intended destination , a Brinks facility a few blocks away .
David Jenks , the owner of the antiques shop , and Hanson Herring , who had just gotten a haircut at a nearby barbershop , Cuttin Up , were the first to approach the bags .
Herring said at first he thought the bags merely contained garbage .
Only when he began to inspect one did he realize , " Oh man , this is money . "
The money was in all different denominations , from coins to $ 100 bills .
The two men then began to round up the bags and load them into plastic postal bins .
Tim Taylor , an off - duty Syracuse police officer who happened to be browsing in Jenks ' antiques shop , assisted them .
As word spread that hundreds of thousands of dollars lay in the street , people streamed out of passing cars and adjacent businesses .
For the most part the gatherers cooperated in the recovery effort .
Herring attributed the crowd 's willingness to turn over the money -- rather than run away with it -- to his imposing stature .
" Had I not been the size I was , it might have went a different way . "
One man did display some reluctance to part with the bag he found .
But Herring said that with a few words , he was able to persuade the man to release his grip on it .
All told , the men recovered $ 276,160 divided among 14 bags .
But two bags containing some $ 60,000 are still missing .
Police said it remains unclear whether the missing bags fell from the truck at an earlier point along its route , or whether someone at the scene of the main spill managed to discreetly slip away with them .
Connellan noted that it is grand larceny , a felony , to keep a sack of money one chances upon .
" We tip our hats to the people who did the right thing , " he said .
As for the Brinks Co. , Herring said it rewarded him with a T - shirt and a gold coin commemorating the company 's 150th anniversary .
Brinks did not return calls for comment .
All About Syracuse
Now I hate to sound like a broken record here , but am I the only one mystified by the new Mac Mini pricing ?
Who 's dropping $ 200 more for the higher end model ?
Advertisement
It 's all right there in the specs .
There are two models : a $ 600 model and an $ 800 model .
Literally the only difference between the two is a bump from 1GB of RAM to 2GB of RAM and from a 120 GB HDD to a 320 GB HDD .
Same processor , same graphics , same SuperDrive .
Advertisement
I know that Apple uses components made from the powdered bones of unicorns , but this seems egregious even by their standards .
Am I missing something here ?
Maybe I should stop being surprised .
After every new product unveiling or spec bump , I go from being interested in maybe buying one of these products to being offended by their pricing .
Maybe if I start off offended I 'll be pleasantly surprised when I 'm only a little taken aback and not furious .
Update :
There 's also a difference in the graphics card of 128MB vs 256MB , but its the same card with different allocations from the RAM due to the higher amount in the $ 800 model .
A Montreal / Laval cop cuffed and dragged a university student away , throwing her in a holding cell and writing her a ticket for CDN $ 420 … for failing to hold the handrail while she dug in her bag for her subway fare .
Bela Kosoian , a 38 - year - old mother of two , says when she did n't hold the handrail Wednesday she was cuffed , dragged into a small holding cell and fined .
" It was horrible , disgusting behaviour [ by police ] , " said Ms. Kosoian , a 38 - year - old student of international law .
" I did nothing wrong .
They should go find the guys who stole my tires off the balcony . "
Ms. Kosoian , who studies at the Université du Québec à Montreal , was riding an escalator down to catch a 5:30 p.m. subway from the suburb of Laval to an evening class downtown when she started rifling through her backpack looking for a fare .
Ms. Kosoian , who grew up in Georgia when it was still part of the Soviet Union , says she did n't catch the officer 's instruction to hold the rail when he first approached .
When he told her again to hang on , she says she replied , " I do n't have three hands . "
Besides , she had been sick and feared catching a new bug .
Yes , and I am glad he gave Miss California and the " Donald " the imperial blast .
Talk about hypocrisy .
Those who can afford to buy expensive items and live a nice lifestyle are probably criminals , according to UK authorities
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , May 13 , 2009
Police in the UK are encouraging citizens to report people who drive nice cars or buy expensive items to the authorities in a new campaign entitled , ‘ Too Much Bling ?
Give Us a Ring ’ .
“ The Gloucestershire force is encouraging members of the public to report people wearing too much ‘ bling ’ during the recession .
They are also urging people to shop anyone who drives flash cars or buys expensive items without the apparent means to afford them during the credit crunch , ” reports the Daily Mail .
Posters for the campaign indicate that the targets of the stasi - like crackdown are well - dressed people who own expensive cars , boats and smoke cigars .
Apparently , police in the UK think that actually being middle class and able to afford a nice lifestyle is a sign of probable criminal behavior .
Gloucestershire ’s Chief constable Dr Timothy Brain said , “ In the current time of financial uncertainty , those who live a lavish lifestyle with no discernable , legitimate income become even more apparent . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Former Home Secretary Ann Widdecombe responded , “ Is this a joke ?
If the police spent half as much time tackling crime and getting out on the beat as they do coming out with this ridiculous stuff , we ’d all be better off … .
How are you meant to judge if someone buying a piece of jewellery can afford it ? ”
Unfortunately , it ’s not a joke – the website for the police campaign can be found here .
As we have previously covered in - depth , UK police authorities routinely launch expensive PR campaigns encouraging citizens to report on each other for the most mundane activities .
Examples of suspicious behavior and potential terrorist activity worthy of being reported to police includes looking at CCTV cameras , owning a mobile phone , a van , a computer or a camera , living in an apartment , getting a refund on an item bought in a store , throwing away chemical and pharmaceutical products , or taking photographs .
Around 60,000 citizens are currently being trained by the domestic security service MI5 as “ terrorist spotters ” who case the streets looking out for such activities .
FLASHBACK : London Police Encourage Citizens To Report Contents Of Each Others ’ Bins To Prevent Terrorism
FLASHBACK : Tourists Or Terrorists ?
Police Erase London Sightseers Photographs Citing Terrorism
FLASHBACK : Civilian Force Of 60,000 Trained As “ Terrorist ” Spotters
This article was posted : Wednesday , May 13 , 2009 at 5:25 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Obama 's Empathy Litmus Test
Who knew such an innocent - sounding word could get people so riled up ?
But conservatives are finding much to hate in President Obama 's assertion on Friday that he considers " empathy " a prerequisite for a Supreme Court justice .
In a surprise appearance in the middle of a White House press briefing on Friday , Obama confirmed that Justice David Souter is stepping down and talked a bit about what he 's looking for in a replacement : " I will seek somebody with a sharp and independent mind and a record of excellence and integrity .
I will seek someone who understands that justice is n't about some abstract legal theory or footnote in a case book ; it is also about how our laws affect the daily realities of people 's lives -- whether they can make a living and care for their families ; whether they feel safe in their homes and welcome in their own nation .
" I view that quality of empathy , of understanding and identifying with people 's hopes and struggles , as an essential ingredient for arriving as just decisions and outcomes . "
Josh Gerstein writes for Politico that " empathy " became a central topic on the Sunday talk shows : " ' What does that mean ?
Usually that 's a code word for an activist judge , ' Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R - Utah ) said on ABC's ' This Week . '
He said a judge needs to 'be fair to the rich , the poor , the weak , the strong , the sick [ and ] the disabled . '
" 'I may have empathy for , for the little guy in a fight with a big corporation , but the law may not be on his side .
So I think that 's a concern , ' former Republican Party Chairman Ed Gillespie said on NBC's ' Meet the Press . ' "
But , as Gerstein writes : " It remains to be seen whether Republicans can gain traction among the general public in arguing that judges need to be fair to ' the rich ' and ' the strong . ' "
Many conservatives apparently see empathy -- which involves understanding others ' feelings -- as a zero-sum game .
" He says he wants to appoint judges who show empathy , but what does that mean ? "
Wendy Long , chief counsel to the Judicial Confirmation Network , told The Washington Post .
" Who do you have empathy for ?
If you have empathy for everybody , you have empathy for nobody . "
There will inevitably be great drama associated with who Obama eventually picks , as far as their background , their gender , their ethnic origin , their age -- and whether White House vetters fail to pick up something important .
And conservative activists will inevitably fight whoever Obama settles upon .
But realistically speaking , this is n't shaping up a as a fight for the ages .
As Michael A. Fletcher and Paul Kane write in The Washington Post : " With the Republican opposition in the Senate weakened by the November elections and last week 's defection by Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , few conservatives held out much hope that they could block an Obama nominee . "
Dan Balz writes in The Washington Post : " The replacement of Souter , who has been a reliable part of what constitutes a liberal bloc on the high court , is not likely to shift the bench 's ideological balance .
Obama will almost certainly reinforce the liberal bloc and , with the nomination of a youthful justice , conceivably reinvigorate that wing of the court for many years to come ....
" On a court that is devoid of Latinos and has just one woman and one African American , Obama could instantly alter the gender or racial balance in a significant way .
That is why so much of the early speculation on a successor has focused on women in particular . "
Joan Biskupic writes for USA Today : " As Obama and his aides screen candidates to make the first Democratic nomination in 15 years , well - established — and often overlapping — judicial models can guide his choices and shape public expectations .
" For example , all nine of the current justices are former U.S. appeals court judges , elevated by presidents ( from Gerald Ford to George W. Bush ) who followed a familiar script of looking to lower courts for nominees .
" During the campaign , however , Obama expressed his preference for a justice with real - world experience in the mode of former California governor Earl Warren , who presided as the court struck down school segregation and helped generate a civil rights revolution . "
Oh , the pain !
And , as many economists and analysts predict , there is more pain to follow .
This nation is going through an excruciating period in its history ; one that the vast majority of Americans has never before experienced .
We got into this mess because of greed , financial corruption and a lack of governmental regulation .
To climb out of it may cause us a lot more personal pain but it can be done .
But one thing is certain ; the self - indulgent , manic consumer - driven era is over .
Let ’s face it .
Whether we want to admit it or not , we in America have , for decades , been living far beyond what we really have needed or could afford .
Many of us knew it but went right on enjoying lifestyles that , realistically , could not be sustained .
We have now reached the point of no return ; by that I mean that we cannot simply wave our magic wands and just return again to that same old American lifestyle .
That lifestyle is over .
In other words , out with the old and in with the new .
To put this into perspective , let ’s review each of the major factors that I believe have brought us to our economic crisis and how our future must undergo meaningful change .
Housing – when sub - prime loans began hemorrhaging and the housing bubble burst , that house of cards started to cave in .
Too many years of greedy practices by both lenders and borrowers caught up with both sides .
The era of the McMansion was in full swing .
Homeowners , seeing their home values rising dipped into their equity , spent those easy to get dollars on home additions , boats , new cars and such – and then watched helplessly as their home values dropped below their mortgages .
We should all now clearly understand that the equity in our homes must not be used for reckless , non-essential purposes .
Builders were on a roll and developed subdivisions further and further from cities and shopping areas .
They were on a roll and built bigger and more expensive homes because there was a dearth of buyers anxious to rise to a seemingly higher lifestyle .
But , it did n’t work out and we now have to move on .
But the new direction we take must be far different this time .
Americans need to curb their voracious appetites and no longer invest in McMansions that they cannot afford .
The money saved by purchasing reasonable sized homes should be rechanneled into use of solar panels , better weatherization and other home features that save energy .
President Obama has committed himself and substantial stimulus money to the development of new sources of energy .
It behooves every one of us to get behind him in this creative endeavor and be prepared to make use of innovative sources of energy - saving devices in our homes ; and to dedicate ourselves to making the conservation of energy and recycling a high priority .
Suburban sprawl must be reversed as people migrate back to towns and villages closer to cities .
It is time that we developed modern rail transit systems , including high - speed rail .
The bizarre era of sub - prime mortgages is dead and loans should be made to only those who truly qualify .
The auto – America will see a revolution in the auto industry and the types of autos we drive .
America ’s fanatical love of the automobile has contributed greatly to the eroding of our economic foundation .
The Big Three , for far too many years , has produced cars loaded with unnecessary amenities .
They largely based their marketing on the family pickup truck and gas guzzling SUVs .
Of course , the auto industry is not entirely to blame as they produced the autos that the public demanded .
We wanted constant new styling , more power , more room , and more gadgets – even TV ’s in vans to entertain the children .
And now it is time that our tastes change .
We have nearly 1.5 million autos clogging our highways and Interstates ; our daily use of largely imported petroleum is 22 million barrels per day .
If we do not get control of our use of petroleum and refined gasoline , America ’s future is at great risk .
Therefore , The Big Three will either undergo massive change or it will collapse into bankruptcy .
And it may not recover .
The majority of Americans will have to adjust to smaller , much more fuel efficient autos , with fewer useless amenities ( such as the ridiculous self - parking system that Ford Motor Co. will introduce in 2010 for certain Lincoln models ) .
General Motors Corporation , with no real vision for a new era in American autos , needs to completely reorganize its thinking .
Get rid of the Hummer , that totally ridiculous , hideous toy of those who vicariously imagine themselves as warriors in the War on Terror .
Get rid of the Saturn line as it appeals to almost no one .
And , yes , also get rid of the flagship Cadillac , a symbol of wealth that no longer fits into our more austere future .
Detroit has to shake off the rust of many years of incompetent management , poor marketing strategies and boldly enter the 21st century .
It has to get back to basics , produce rock - solid , fuel - efficient cars , forget the frills and gadgets and clearly understand that the days of cheap , plentiful petroleum are going to disappear before long .
Banking – the days of business as usual are at an end .
Definite reform will be coming to the financial sector in the form of far more governmental regulation and oversight .
One way or another , the widespread abuses , corruption and manipulations of taxpayer and investors money will be ended .
Lavish salaries , bonuses , corporate jets and outlandish executive partying all over the world must give way to prudent , effective management .
Congress must step up and create appropriate legislation and regulations to safeguard the interests of the American people so that this type of crisis is never allowed to happen again .
The financial sector ; banks , mortgage lenders , investment firms , hedge funds , and the entire Wall St. culture of greed and manipulation must follow strict new regulations that force them to follow honest and ethical practices in conducting their business .
Obama must literally ride herd over Congress to see that appropriate legislation and regulations is created and prevent our elected representatives to continue to cave in to the multi- thousands of lobbyists and special interest groups that have , over the last several decades , destroyed the curbs to unethical , manipulative , unlawful behavior in this financial sector .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The Fight Night Round 4 pre-release demo has been available to those that pre-ordered for almost a week ( public demo to be released 6/4/09 on the PSN ) .
The biggest issue has been the removal of the face buttons for punching .
Fight Night Round 3 allowed you a choice between using the analog stick ( called TPC , Total Punch Control ) or by using the face buttons of your controller .
Fight Night Round 4 has a “ new and improved ” TPC system that is more responsive than the original system .
To the chagrin of many Fight Night fans you can no longer choose between using the TPC or the face buttons .
Some fans of the Fight Night series have been more vocal then others and have gone as far as to say they are canceling their pre-orders based on this one concern .
HipHopGamerShow have taken the matter into their own hands and emailed EA directly with their concerns : Fight Night 4 Controls Are Getting Updated Says EA .
The response from an EA representative was n’t very specific :
“ The team is aware of the concerns , and though we ca n’t make any official comment on the button issue , rest assured it is being addressed . ”
This response led the HipHopGamerShow to imply that the controls would be changed and / or updated in some way to pacify the users that want use of the face buttons included in the final release .
On the official Fight Night Round 4 forums a thread was created asking specifically about the HHG article .
After a lengthy discussion by forum members moderator Wepeeler , who is in touch with the development team , added this to the discussion :
“ I am in constant contact with EA and so far THERE ARE NO PLANS TO HAVE [ FACE ] BUTTONS IN THE FINAL VERSION .
I asked about this specifically on Friday and the response I got was NO BUTTONS for punching , other than signature punches .
I asked about a button patch in the future , and at this time , EA is not planning one . ”
The debate also is being discussed at length in another thread at the official Fight Night Round 4 forum and Community Manager sk88z had this to say :
“ The new TPC is the culmination of controls to satisfy both the button user and previous TPC users .
You will need to practice , but once you do and find the sweet spots on the stick to throw punches , you will begin to understand what the devs had in mind .
The ability to quickly throw 1 - 2 punches tapping the stick in the proper direction ( do n’t be lazy and viciously tap , time it like a punch ) , and then finishing it with a strong hook or uppercut to the head that still feels just right when you connect .
No more having to crank back every punch yet the speed of throwing punches can be just as quick as the old button controls .
The key here is to take the time master the controls and not to be lazy finding the sweet spots . ”
The bottom line in this debate is whether or not Fight Night Round 4 will be successful or be taken out in the first round with a TKO .
As a loyal Fight Night fan myself , I ’ll play the game as the developers intended .
If that means no buttons , then so be it .
With the revamped TPC , punches are smoother and combinations work much quicker than Round 3 ’s TPC , so once you get past the learning curve , TPC works very well .
Change can be seen as a bad thing to some , but if they are unwilling to even to learn the new controls , they will be passing up on a great game .
If you are one of the users who has thrown in the towel , why not take a second look at the TPC and try it out for a couple more days .
The demo dropped more than a month in advance of the release date for a reason .
Get past the learning curve and you just may find that the TPC rocks .
What ’s your take on the issue ?
Give us your feedback below and participate in our Poll .
[ poll id = ” 8 ″ ]
Created by bagwell on 2009 - 04 - 06 .
Updated : 2009-04-09 , 11:57
If you are considering buying a book on Scala , then you may appreciate knowing more about the authors , what they think about Scala and how they describe their books .
To help you , Pat Eyler has interviewed three of the recently announced book authors .
The interviews were with : David Pollak ( Beginning Scala ) , Venkat Subramanian ( Programming Scala ) and Alex Payne & Dean Wampler ( Programming Scala ) .
For those of you who do n't know yet , Ubuntu 9.04 ( Jaunty Jackalope ) will come with a new notification system , faster boot times , GNOME 2.26 desktop environment , community desktop themes and brand new artwork .
Ubuntu 9.04 ( Jaunty Jackalope ) will be powered by Linux kernel 2.6.28 , which will offer support for many new devices ( wireless , webcams , mobile phones , etc. ) and the evolutionary EXT4 filesystem .
There 's only one week left until the final release of Ubuntu 9.04 and , if you are anxious to get your hands on some nice CDs with the new Ubuntu operating system , then you should pre-order them right now from Ubuntu 's ShipIt service , free of charge ( a free account or an OpenID is required ) .
They have started taking the orders a few minutes ago , so hurry up !
Also , if you want to count the days until Ubuntu 9.04 is released – which will happen on April 23rd – you can get a nice script to post on your website .
This time , Canonical also added some very nice and animated countdown scripts .
Each day , the image will change , counting the days remaining until the release of Ubuntu 9.04 ( Jaunty Jackalope ) .
Choose your favourite right now from here
When we last took an in - depth look at USB flash drives in 2005 , the landscape was a bit different .
A 2GB drive ran nearly $ 200 , and speeds were quite a bit slower then .
At the time , we noted that while the then - current crop of drives was pretty fast , they still were not close to saturating the bandwidth of USB2 .
To top it off , a good drive was still going to set you back $ 50 or $ 70 — not exactly a cheap proposition .
Since our first roundup , this picture has changed considerably , and it leads to a question : has the flash drive become an undifferentiated commodity , just like any other cheap plastic tsotschke that you might find at an office supply store checkout counter ?
Consider the following factors :
The majority of flash drives sold are either 4GB or 8GB ,
which is more than plenty of storage for most people .
which is more than plenty of storage for most people .
Most of the drives in this size range are under $ 20 .
Accessories ( like neck straps , USB extension cables , spare
caps , etc. ) are no longer included .
Normally , twenty dollars is not something that most of us would think twice about , but do n't most of us still want to know that we are getting our money 's worth ?
To test this commodity theory , we selected a cornucopia of mostly 4GB and 8GB USB flash drives ranging from $ 9 to $ 30 dollars ( average : $ 19.00 )
Products ( tallest to smallest )
Each drive was evaluated on just a few factors :
Features
Construction
Read / write speed
The following system was used for our testing :
Windows test system
Asus P5Q - E ( P45 chipset )
Intel Core2 Quad Q9550 ( 2.83 Ghz )
Corsair XMS2 4GB PC2-6400 ( DDR2 -800 )
WD SE16
640GB ( SATA )
Windows Vista x64 Ultimate SP1
We benchmarked each USB Flash drive using a Microsoft command - line tool , diskspd.exe , which allowed us to disable Windows disk caching , batch script our tests , and output our results to a spreadsheet .
Each drive was tested on sequential reads and sequential writes as well as random reads and random writes starting at 512 - byte blocks and doubling in size each time until reaching 32 MB blocks .
Each drive was tested non -stop for a minimum of 30 minutes .
Common features and construction options
Retractable USB connector : Most USB flash drives have
caps ( that can be easily lost ) , but some drives come with
retractable connectors .
Waterproof / shockproof : A few drives tout waterproof
and / or shockproof ability .
Something nice to have in the
rough - and - tumble world of mobile computing ( or if you are the
clumsy type that is likely to drop your flash drive into your
coffee . )
Keychain ring : Some drives have an additional connector
to help attach your drive to your necklace or keychain .
Extra software and warranty : Long gone are Win98SE
driver disks , but some drives still offer support software to
make your drive better .
Some manufacturers have no faith in
their drives and offer short warranties , while others know that
their drives will be long obsolete before they break and offer
limited Lifetime warranties .
The Obama administration agreed late Thursday to release dozens of photographs depicting alleged abuses at U.S. prisons in Iraq and Afghanistan during the Bush White House .
The decision will make public for the first time photos obtained in military investigations at facilities other than the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq .
Forty - four photos that the American Civil Liberties Union was seeking in a court case , plus a “ substantial number ” of other images , will be released by May 28 .
The photos , examined by Air Force and Army criminal investigators , are apparently not as shocking as those taken at Abu Ghraib , which became a symbol of U.S. mistakes in Iraq .
But Defense Department officials nevertheless are concerned that the release could incite another backlash in the Middle East .
Some of the photos show U.S. service members intimidating or threatening detainees by pointing weapons at them , according to officials who have seen them .
Military officers have been court - martialed for threatening detainees at gunpoint .
Advertisement
“ This will constitute visual proof that , unlike the Bush administration ’s claim , the abuse was not confined to Abu Ghraib and was not aberrational , ” said Amrit Singh , a lawyer for the ACLU , which reached the agreement as part of a long - running legal battle for documents related to anti-terrorism policies under President George W. Bush .
The decision comes as President Obama is trying to quell a drive to investigate Bush - era practices , which was spurred in part by his release last week of Justice Department memos detailing the Bush administration ’s legal justifications for harsh interrogations .
But the photos and other possible disclosures stemming from the ACLU lawsuit threaten to stoke the controversy .
Other disclosures to be considered in the weeks ahead include transcripts of detainee interrogations , a CIA inspector general ’s report that has largely been kept secret , and background materials in a Justice Department investigation into prisoner abuse .
In each instance , Obama and his administration are being forced to decide whether to release the material entirely , disclose it with redactions , or follow the lead of the Bush administration and fight in court to keep it classified .
Advertisement
Last week , Obama opted to demand relatively few redactions in the Justice Department memos .
The disclosures prompted Democratic lawmakers and liberal interest groups to demand a congressional investigation -- and possible prosecutions -- of officials in the Bush administration .
With Obama trying to push ambitious healthcare , tax and environmental legislation through Congress , an official said that the White House rejected the idea of appointing a Sept. 11 Commission - style review of Bush ’s anti-terrorism policies , fearing it could become a partisan distraction .
Now the release of photos and other materials threatens to heighten the political pressure on Obama as he seeks to balance competing constituencies .
The liberal base that elected him wants wide disclosure and an investigation .
But pursuing that course risks alienating the intelligence and military communities that are crucial to Obama ’s success .
Advertisement
Moreover , he must deflect attacks from conservatives such as former Vice President Dick Cheney , who accuses Obama of putting the country ’s security at risk and would surely affix blame to the new president if another attack occurred .
Cheney has asked that additional documents be released showing the successes of harsh interrogation tactics -- handing Obama another politically complicated decision .
The president has tried to walk a fine rhetorical line , heeding liberals ’ calls to release the interrogation memos but appearing to argue against further investigation or prosecution by saying “ this is a time for reflection , not retribution . ”
Instead , he managed to anger both constituencies .
“ My sense is the president was trying to please a lot of audiences at one time , and that over the last [ week ] he has totally failed to put the mind of the intelligence community at ease , ” said Mark Lowenthal , who was a senior advisor to George J. Tenet when Tenet was CIA director .
“ He is going to end up with a national clandestine service that will not be willing to do anything because they feel he will not be there for them when they need him . ”
Advertisement
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates said Thursday in an appearance at Camp Lejeune , N.C. , that he worried about a potential “ backlash in the Middle East ” from the release of the photos .
“ There are a number of suits that we ’re dealing with for detainee photographs and so on , ” Gates said .
“ And so there is a certain inevitability , I believe , that much of this will eventually come out ; much has already come out . ”
The Bush administration had opposed the release of the photos .
Late Thursday , Obama administration lawyers notified U.S. District Judge Alvin K. Hellerstein in New York that the government would release 44 photos plus a “ substantial number ” of other images .
Advertisement
The photos were taken between 2001 and 2006 .
All of them predate the 2006 revision of the Army Field Manual , which strengthened protections for detainees and prohibited all physical force from being used in interrogations .
In other potential disclosures , the White House has until May 13 to decide whether to release a 2004 CIA inspector general ’s report on the agency ’s interrogation program or file a brief with a federal appeals court explaining why it refuses to do so .
As part of the same lawsuit , the ACLU is seeking to force the government to release cables and other documents describing the contents of interrogation videotapes that the CIA destroyed .
“ The issue is a test of the administration , ” said Jameel Jaffer , director of the National Security Project at the ACLU .
“ We were gratified they released the memos last week , but it ’s clear there ’s still a great deal of information about the CIA ’s torture program and legal justifications offered for it that remain secret . ”
Advertisement
The White House appears to be feeling its way through the controversy , and even allies on Capitol Hill are trying to determine where the president stands when it comes to reckoning with the legacies of the Bush anti-terrorism strategies .
Although Obama and his chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , made strong public statements that appeared to discourage investigations of the Bush administration , Obama this week told reporters that the Justice Department would decide if anyone should be prosecuted for violating legal bans on torture -- and he suggested that Congress might create an independent panel to review the past .
Rep. Jerrold Nadler ( D - N.Y. ) , a liberal member of the House Judiciary Committee , said that Obama was showing a “ laudable willingness ” to listen to his critics on the left , and that White House officials had told him they were still examining their broad approach to national security .
“ In the next few weeks we ’re going to know more about where they ’re going , ” said Nadler , chairman of a subcommittee on constitutional issues .
Advertisement
For the moment , the administration ’s signals on whether to investigate the Bush record are causing some confusion .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - San Francisco ) assessed the president ’s position this way : “ As far as I know , it has not been definitively stated as to what the policy is . ”
--
peter.wallsten@latimes.com
Advertisement
julian.barnes@latimes.com
greg.miller@latimes.com
Peter Nicholas in the Washington bureau contributed to this report .
Enrico Dini dreamt of buildings , construction and impossible shapes .
He was particularly inspired by Gaudi ’s architecture and loved his fantastic ( in every sense ) work .
He became a Civil engineer and later branched out into making machines .
All the while dreaming of those impossible shapes .
Traditional building methods tend to reel in dreamers outlandish dreams though .
Building with concrete and brick require scaffolding and a lot of manpower .
This creates constraints .
These constraints limit the way in which buildings can be constructed and limit the shapes and forms that architects can use .
Rather than accept these constraints as a given Enrico set out to completely remove them .
In 2004 he invented and patented a full scale 3D printing method that used epoxy to bind sand .
Enrico could now 3D print buildings .
As Shapeways community members who have experimented with resin molds know , epoxy resin can stick to virtually anything .
This lead to high maintenance costs for the machines as well as inefficiencies when they were used .
Enrico went back to the drawing board to invent anew .
In 2007 he got a new patent for a system using an inorganic binding material and any old sand to 3D print buildings .
The new process had low maintenance costs and was easier to use .
Now Enrico can 3D print buildings , cost effectively .
He is now working on
further improving the accuracy and will 3D print a full sized
roundabout sculpture in Pisa Italy .
The rendering below shows you the
scale , once it has been installed .
This is no pie in the sky stuff , it is happening now .
The picture at the top of the post is of a quarter scale model of the actual 3D
print of the roundabout .
Affable Enrico told me that his “ small team is sitting on a huge opportunity . ” I would tend to agree .
Their D_shape technology makes it possible to 3D print 6 by 6 by 1 m parts .
These parts could either be shipped to the construction site or the entire building could be 3D printed on location .
The parts made by D_shape resemble ‘ sandstone . ’
They are comparable in strength to reinforced concrete and the ingredients are the binding material and any type of sand .
D_Shape ’s materials cost more than regular concrete but much less manpower is needed for construction .
No scaffolding needs to be constructed so overall building cost should be lower than traditional building methods .
The system works with a rigging that is suspended over the buildable part ( you can see it at the top of the first image ) .
The system deposits the sand and then the inorganic binding ink .
No water is necessary .
Because the two components meet outside the nozzle , the machine does not clog up and can keep up its accuracy of 25 DPI .
Enrico and D_Shape are currently talking to lots of construction & engineering companies and architects about their technology .
The technology would seem to be especially interesting for these
architects .
With D - Shape they could make previously impossible forms
and indeed approach a building not as a place where planes intersect
but much more organically .
As with regular 3D printing methods a lot of
forms can only be made in this way .
I for one would love to work in a Moebius
strip office building .
One thing that I personally found very compelling about the technology
is that it does not use cement .
The production of cement creates a lot
of CO2 .
The D - Shape process has the possibility to be much more
environmentally friendly because the build material does not need to be made by heating limestone and so would create much less carbon dioxide .
Since the build material is just sand plus the inorganic binder it could be much better for the planet too .
What is next for D_Shape ?
One group of people that Enrico is talking to is the group responsible for the still ongoing construction of Gaudi ’s Sagrada Familia in Barcelona .
Perhaps the engineer that was so inspired by Gaudi could help finish his work using 3D printing .
What Should An Endurance Runner Eat ?
Hi on another Wednesday of this month !
As you have guessed , Treadmills .me will cover nutrition for endurance runners today .
What any endurance runner should eat has undergone changes particularly in the last decade .
There is no doubt however , that their protein intake should be high as also should their intake of carbohydrate .
Their food programs should have different stresses depending on which phase of training they are in .
I have provided in today ’s post what are the basics an endurance athlete should look at in the different phases of his / her sport .
Anti-oxidant foods : Long - distance runners specifically should have an anti-oxidant rich diet .
They can get their anti-oxidant fix from fruits and vegetables .
Fruits and vegetables in the purple , blue , red and yellow color basket will prove best .
Lycopene , beta - carotenes etc are essential for endurance athletes as long duration exercises produce free radicals , which cause cell ( especially cardio cell ) damage .
Anti-oxidants are natural free - radical scavengers .
Proteins :
High quality proteins are essential for endurance runners .
Most proteins from animal origin are of high quality .
They are considered so , because they have a high Biological Value ( BV ) or are complete proteins having all or nearly all of the 8 essential amino acids ( building block of proteins ) .
Eggs , poultry and fish should be high on their diet agenda .
These high quality proteins will also build their immune systems , which are generally weakened / compromised after long runs and endurance training .
On an average , he / she should consume 1 gram of protein per pound of body weight every day .
However , approximately 20 - 25 grams of protein are recommended an hour before and after training .
Carbohydrates : Carbohydrate Loading ( which has been covered in one of my earlier posts ) is usually advisable and practiced by marathon runners .
This helps such athletes to defer or delay the depletion of muscle glycogen ( which in normal people lasts up to 20 minutes after the commencement of a workout ) .
Energy drinks :
For any workout stretching beyond an hour and a half , energy - based drinks are advisable .
For an endurance runner , such drinks should be glucose derivatives , not sucrose ones .
It should also contain electrolytes beyond potassium and salt .
Recovery drinks are recommended post exercises in 3:1 ratio in favour of carbohydrates ,
Carbohydrate - Protein Mix :
This falls in the post - training session meal section .
Immediately after a marathon run , the runner may have energy gels or drink non-carbonated energy drinks .
The same day , post - run meals could include pasta with chicken or a double cheese pizza or any other high carbohydrate - protein mix , high fat - protein mix food will serve best .
Beer or any other non-alcoholic high calorie drink as beverage will do .
Water :
Water takes on added significance in the days between training or competition because the metabolization of high protein diet results in the production of nitrogen - based toxic wastes that should be rapidly expelled from the system .
It also helps flush out lactic acid build up if any , keeps the system well hydrated and promotes better organ function and normal body temperatures .
Until next week , keep up with your workouts and your diet !
A small group of adventurous American soldiers in Iraq at the end of the Gulf War are determined to steal a huge cache of gold reputed to be hidden somewhere near their desert base .
Finding a map they believe will take them to the gold , they embark on a journey that leads to unexpected discoveries , enabling them to rise to a heroic challenge that drastically changes their lives .
Written by imran
Political gaffes have gained quite the following over the past few years .
People loved to hear the misunderestimated Bush stumble verbally , and the topic has become the subject of many books and websites .
I thought I ’d share some political gaffes and insults from north of the border .
So without further ado …
Top Canadian Political Gaffes :
“ As long as I am Prime Minister , I remain the Prime Minister . ”
– Jean Chrétien , former Prime Minister .
“ They do n’t know what they ’re talking about .
I do n’t know who this group is .
I ’ve never heard of them before .
I had never seen them before .
They ’re located somewhere in Geneva . ”
– Mel Lastman , former Mayor of Toronto on CNN talking about the World Health Organization during Toront0 ’s SARS crisis .
“ My conduct had nothing to do with me . ”
– Al McLean , former Ontario MPP and Speaker of the Ontario Legislature , defending his conduct during a sexual harassment case .
“ Your majesty , I thank you from the bottom of my heart , and Madame Houde here thanks you from her bottom , too . ”
– Montreal Mayor Camillien Houde speaking to King George VI in 1939 .
“ My strategy has always been to stay on course unless a change , of course , is announced .
And if it is , of course , we will announce it . ”
– John Turner , former Prime Minister .
“ Canada is the greatest nation in this country . ”
– Allan Lamport , Mayor of Toronto from 1952 - 1954 .
“ If this thing starts to snowball , it will catch fire right across the country . ”
– Robert Thompson , leader of the Social Credit Party from 1961 - 1967
“ What the hell do I want to go to a place like Mombasa ?
Snakes just scare the hell out of me .
I ’m sort of scared about going there , but the wife is really nervous .
I just see myself in a pot of boiling water with all these natives dancing around me . ”
– Toronto Mayor Mel Lastman prior to departing for Kenya to promote Toronto ’s 2008 Olympic bid .
Jean Chrétien talking about the Middle East conflict :
“ The best positive thing you can do is not to tell them to stop on both sides to fight and to go back to talk is the only way out of that .
And it ’s what I said and I said that . ”
“ My style of leadership , uh , and in my former role as well , was to state what my idea was but also to encourage , uh , you know , I know what I know and I know what I do n’t know . ”
– Conservative Leader Candidate Belinda Stronach in 2004 .
“ I am not denying anything I did n’t say . ”
– Prime Minister Brian Mulroney .
Top Canadian Political Insults :
“ Paul Martin commits to positions like Britney Spears commits to marriage . ”
– Stephen Harper , while announcing his candidacy for leader of the Federal Conservative Party in 2004 .
“ You little fat little chubby little sucker . ”
– Darrel Stinson , Reform MP referring to federal PC leader Jean Charest in the House of Commons .
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves : “ Mr. McGuinty just says whatever pops into his little , sharp , pointy head because he thinks that ’s what you want to hear . ”
Ontario Liberal Leader Dalton McGuinty : “ What if I spear you with my head ? ”
“ Gentlemen , we all must realize that neither side has any monopoly on sons of bitches . ”
– C.D. Howe , Liberal cabinet minister representing Canada at a Washington DC meeting to resolve a shipping dispute .
“ My honourable friend on the other side of the House is big enough to swallow me , and if he did he would have more brains in his belly than he has in his head . ”
– Tommy Douglas , Saskatchewan Premier speaking to Walter Tucker the Liberal leader of Saskatchewan .
“ There is an old saying that is very difficult to hear when your mouth is open . ”
– Speaker Myrna Phillips of the Manitoba Legislature speaking to Conservative Don Orchard in 1986 .
“ What is the difference between a cactus and a conservative caucus ?
On a cactus , the pricks are on the outside . ”
– John Diefenbaker , former Prime Minister .
“ He ’s the greatest argument for birth control that I ’ve ever come across . ”
– Mel Lastman referring to Toronto City Councillor Michael Walker .
“ All the evidence suggests that the Liberals want to look after impoverished Canadians – why else would they have created over four million of them ? ”
– Federal PC Leader Brian Mulroney in 1984 .
“ Dalton McGuinty .
He ’s an evil reptilian kitten - eater from another planet . ”
– Ontario PC news release on September 12 , 2003 .
“ The Liberals are a beanbag kind of party that looks like the last person that sat in it . ”
– Bob Rae , Premier of Ontario 1990 - 95 and current Liberal MP .
“ Damn Americans , I hate those bastards . ”
– Liberal MP Carolyn Parrish expressing her disgust at U.S. plans to attack Iraq .
“ I rise on a point of order .
Is the relevancy rule to be applied or will this jackass be allowed to continue ? ”
– PC MP David Kilgour referring to Liberal MP Jean - Jacques Blais in 1982 .
“ Watch out for the wall – as much as I ’d like to see some of you guys hit it . ”
– Stephen Harper speaking to journalists during the Conservative Party leadership convention in 2004 .
” The Liberals are the flying saucers of politics .
No one can make head nor tail of them , and they never are seen twice in the same place . ”
– John Diefenbaker , former Prime Minister speaking in London , Ontario in 1962 .
Random Funny Canadian Political Quotes :
U.S. Secret Service agent : “ Who are you and where are you going ? ”
Prime Minister Lester B Pearson : “ I live here and I ’m going to the bathroom . ”
– in 1967 , at the Prime Minister ’s house at Harrington Lake .
The Secret Service agents were protecting U.S. President Lyndon Johnson who was in Canada for Expo 67 and a meeting with Pearson .
“ Canada is like an old cow .
The West feeds it .
Ontario and Québec milk it .
And you can well imagine what it ’s doing in the Maritimes . ”
– Saskatchewan Premier Tommy Douglas .
“ I was my best successor , but I decided not to succeed myself . ”
– Pierre Trudeau , former Prime Minister .
“ If you ’re a mayor and you have a problem , what do you do ?
You blame the provincial government .
And when you ’re the provincial government and you have a problem , what do you do ?
You blame the federal government .
And for us , we cannot blame the Queen any more , so we blame the Americans once in a while . ”
– Jean Chrétien , former Prime Minister of Canada .
Agricultural Minister James Gardiner : “ What do you know about farming ?
You ’re not a farmer . ”
Saskatchewan Premier Tommy Douglas : “ I never laid an egg either , but I know more about making an omelette than a hen does . ”
The Disco ' tute is a group of people in Seattle who claim to be all about Intelligent Design , but are in fact just trying to impose their religious views on everyone else .
This has been so well - documented -- kinda like evolution and the fact that the Earth is billions of years old -- that it would be crazy to deny it .
So for them to actually accuse a pro-evolution board member on the Texas BoE of having her religion bias her actions , well ... it 's like Jeffrey Dahmer telling you to be a vegetarian .
Even Salon Magazine slaps them down .
Whenever I picture what life must be life at the 'tute , all I can see in my mind are people running around with their pants on fire .
In the grounds of St. Thomas the Apostle Church , in the beautiful village of Stanhope , Country Durham , in the North East of England , stands this grand fossilised tree stump , with a plaque that reads :
Fossil Tree Sigillaria SP
This great tree grew in a forest of the middle carboniferous period ( about 250 million years ago ) near Edmundbyers Cross , now 1550 feet above sea level .
As its vegitable matter decayed this was replaced by sand which has formed a perfect cast in hard Ganister .
The roots ( stigmaria ) show their characteristic form .
The tree was brought to Stanhope and erected here in 1962 by Mr. J G Beaston .
Not only is Stanhope ’s Sigillaria a truly amazing relic from our planet ’s ancient past , but that it stands in the grounds of a church whose patron , Saint Thomas , was noted for his doubting in the resurrection of Christ , is a poignant reminder that not all Christians are young - Earth creationists , wilfully in denial of the facts .
For example , when this tree was still growing , Tetrapods , the common ancestor of all modern amphibians , walked alongside other freshwater and lagoon invertebrates , bivalve molluscs and crustaceans .
That we can absolutely categorically without question prove that this is true , not just from the fossil record , but from the entirely independent evidence contained in the genes which we humans have in common with those simpler forms of life , as they themselves do with all life on Earth , says everything you could want to say about the weight of evidence which is stacked up against those who simply wish that supernatural causation showed even the slightest thumbprint in the forensics of truth .
But what struck me most , as I stood in the formidable presence of this ancient signal from our Earth ’s past was the lack of a legalese disclaimer , at the foot of the inscription .
No pandering to the deluded infinitesimally small minority , who might attend the church believing in a literal interpretation of scripture , which insists there is a contradiction inherent in anything which predates the accumulated ages of the prophets in the old testament .
Instead , just an honest description of what the tree tells us about time and space and our feeble first steps into a true understanding of not just Earth , but the whole universe .
CO.DE . is a personal design research where the author shares his solutions and research projects , realized by advanced computational tools like scripting and parametrics models .
These projects are different to conventional approach of design where is a singular design solution , these projects are designed by parametric systems that produce a reactive intelligence and multiple iterative results responding to the domain of input parameters .
These systems are been used by a bottom - up approach to respond qualities of emergence and continuous differentation with adaptive variations to urban and architectural environments .
李威威控制的金丰星界科技有限公司从韩国娱美德公司拿到了网游传奇的授权，侵犯了自己的著作权。
引用 2 楼 抱着篮球的同学陆续加入，转球分队时，大家都想跟他一队，他在队伍里打控卫，家城太强了，他速度快，拦的时候我们不小心都会动作过大摔倒，做队友就不用去拦截他。
Posted by faith on 13 May 2009 / 0 Comment
Reading Yasmin Alibhai - Brown ’s commentary in The Independent reminded me a bit of a group of people that Khaled Abou El Fadl mentioned in his introduction to Amina Wadud ’s Inside the Gender Jihad .
The group of people I refer to are “ self - hating Muslims ” with “ tormented soul (s ) ” who seem all too eager to assuage the bigoted view of hateful Islamophobes when it comes to Muslim women and Muslims in general .
Perhaps self - hating is a strong term for Alibhai - Brown , but reading her commentary , but I wondered if she had any hope for Muslims in regard to gender equality , considering that she views Muslims as being in a “ dark age ” .
The title of Alibhai - Brown ’s essay , “ Who ’d be female under Islamic law ? ” is rather misleading .
She speaks little of actual Islamic laws .
I suppose this is a good thing , since Islamic law itself is not monolithic .
Although it is a bit troubling since there could have been potential for Alibhai - Brown to discuss the efforts of Muslim scholars , male and female , as well as Muslim activists who wholeheartedly believe that the answer to Alibhai - Brown ’s query is that all Muslim women , including her , have the right to be treated as human beings under Islamic law .
Instead , Alibhai - Brown uses her commentary to serve as a mostly Islamophobic rant filled with various Orientalist and racist cliches about Muslim women in mostly Saudi Arabia , Iran , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
She starts off her essay with an all too familiar stereotype of the “ liberated ” Muslim woman .
She tells us how she is “ free ” and “ independent ” , styling and coloring her hair , wearing perfume , appearing on “ public platforms ” with men not related to her , shaking their hands and ( gasp ! ) embracing some of them .
This has to be one of the most tired cliches of the liberated Muslim woman I ’ve seen .
It really is not a big deal that she style or colors her hair .
Plenty of Muslim women do the same thing .
I ’m one of them and I see a few of them everyday at my job .
I also shake the hands of men , non-Muslim men at least .
Yet , I do n’t do these things as a badge of honor or to show how “ liberated ” I am and how “ oppressed ” other Muslim woman are .
I have a friend who never shakes men ’s hands , yet she works and travels across the country , often by herself .
Would Alibhai - Brown consider her free and independent as well ?
Or would she be considered oppressed because she does n’t shake men ’s hands ?
Alibhai - Brown ’s idea of oppression and liberation , especially in regard to Muslim women are simple , limited and based on Western ideals of what women should and should n’t do .
Alibhai - Brown ’s picture of the “ free ” Muslim women may be limited , but it feels that her idea of Islam and Muslims is even more limited .
To support her idea that “ Muslim states ” are in such a depressive dark age , Alibhai - Brown looks at disparate cases in four different Muslim countries .
The countries –Saudia Arabia , Iran , Pakistan and Afghanistan–are Muslim countries usually targeted by those who wish to paint a broad brush stroke across all Muslims .
It also rather curious that these are all countries that the U.S. , Britain , and other Western powers have a very vested interest in .
Putting aside this observation , it is troubling that 1 ) Muslim countries are usually represented by one of these four countries and 2 ) women and human rights activists in these countries are often ignored or barely focused upon .
The Muslim world is diverse and for Alibhai - Brown to speak of Muslim states as a huge monolith displays a surprising ignorance on her end .
It also aligns her with the the same reactionaries that Alibhai - Brown so loathes because they both see Muslims as a huge monolithic entity .
Once Alibhai - Brown is done presenting the usual “ oppressed ” portrait of women in those four countries , she goes on to criticize Muslim women in Western societies who do not conform to her notion of what a Muslim woman should be .
Alibhai - Brown is concerned about Muslim women in the West who are “ embracing backward practices ” .
Among other things these include dressing little girls in hijab .
While I do not think that I could personally dress a daughter of mine in hijab as a child , I wonder why this causes such distress for Alibhai - Brown .
Should n’t she be more concerned about women have equal and adequate access to mosques or women being on the boards of influential mosques and Muslim organizations ?
This is absent from her list of concerns .
She also mentions Muslim women in Western societies “ who seek to justify honour killings , forced marriages , inequality , polygamy and childhood betrothals ” .
I have yet to meet any Muslim woman who justify honor killings , forced marriage and especially inequality .
As far as polygamy goes , this issue is not as black and white as Alibhai - Brown believes it to be .
After asking why so many large numbers of Muslim men are “ so terrorized by the female body and spirit ” ( because this is definitely only an issue among Muslim men * rolls eyes * ) , we get the biggest cliche of them all when it comes to Muslim women :
I look out of my study at the common and see a wife fully burkaed on a sunny day .
She sits still .
Her children and husband run around , laughing , playing cricket .
She sits still , dead , buried , a ghost .
She is complicit in her own degradation , as are countless others .
This is one of the most tired cliches of Muslim women .
It completely ignores one of the basic rights that feminists , whether in Britain or Saudi Arabia have fought for , which is that women be able to dress as they please without being judged .
This does n’t just include the right of women to dress in anything but hijab , niqab or burqa .
Is it really so hard to believe that there are some Muslim women who truly want to wear niqab and that wearing a niqab or burqa does not prevent them from having a life or from being happy , functional human beings ?
I do n’t want to sound as if I am dismissing legitimate concerns that Alibhai - Brown raises .
Of course we must speak out against gender inequality done in the name of Islam and human right abuses done in predominately Muslim societies .
However , this can be done without stereotyping Muslim women or setting up a false dichotomy of liberal Western ideals versus oppressive Muslim ideals .
If we are truly attempting to bring about gender equality , this type of thinking will have to go .
MX vs. ATV is back , and currently in development for PS3 , PSP , Xbox 360 and ( for our Nintendo fans out there ) the DS .
MX vs. ATV Reflex has a major technology addition , which THQ refers to as the Rhythm Racing physics engine .
Unfortunately , the tech got its name for allowing players to get into the “ rhythm of a race . ”
No music or beats involved .
This is the fourth installment in the series , and will introduce a new dual - stick control scheme that “ separates man from machine . ”
We ’ll have more for you as the game nears completion .
Until then , stay tuned on PSLS !
[ Source ]
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Is U.S. President Barack Obama bluffing ?
Some General Motors Corp's GM.N bondholders and the largest U.S. auto union are betting the new president , an avid poker player , may now be using bankruptcy as a stick to get all parties to reach a deal .
At stake is the survival of GM and the entire U.S. auto industry , thousands of jobs , and about $ 28 billion in debt that bondholders hope to exchange for equity in a leaner GM .
The U.S. administration this week demanded the resignation of GM chief executive , Rick Wagoner , as part of the price for an extension of time for GM and Chrysler LCC to reorganize the U.S. auto sector .
In setting a two - month deadline for GM and a one - month deadline for Chrysler , the calculation from bondholders and the United Auto Workers union is that Obama is trying to force their hand and reach an agreement .
“ It is a big game of chicken , ” said Gregory Peters , chief U.S. credit strategist for Morgan Stanley in New York .
“ My gut feeling is bankruptcy is not an option for GM and Chrysler .
Either in bankruptcy or out of bankruptcy , this is a high - stakes game . ”
The thinking is that President Obama , who won Midwestern states such as Michigan and Ohio with strong union support , will be reluctant to put the fate of automakers and unionized workers in the hands of a bankruptcy judge .
GM , already in receipt of $ 13.4 billion in emergency loans , had wanted another $ 16.6 billion to stay in business .
But the automaker ’s plans to reorganize its business were deemed not radical enough to ensure long - term survival .
GM ’s new chief executive , Fritz Henderson , on Tuesday said that the automaker will have to cut more than $ 28 billion in unsecured claims in its talks with bondholders and the UAW , implying a revamped offer to creditors .
CHANGING THE GAME
Some bond market participants worry though that the unprecedented role of government could set a dangerous example .
“ We have changed the game , ” said Mark Grant , managing director of structured products at Southwest Securities in Dallas .
“ The game changes substantially and significantly when the government is providing funds and the government is no longer the referee .
They have now entered the playing field . ”
One concern is that the disparate groups with an interest in the U.S. auto industry have little experience dealing with each other when it comes to systemic economic problems like saving the auto sector .
“ The process could fail not because of a lack of sound economic principles but because all the parties , both public and private , are on uncharted ground , ” Grant said .
In negotiations with bondholders , GM last week offered 8 cents on the dollar in cash , 16 cents on the dollar in new unsecured debt , and a 90 percent stake in the automaker , one person with knowledge of the term sheet told Reuters .
According to JPMorgan analysts Eric Selle and Atiba Edwards , GM ’s swap offer would be worth about 13 cents of value -- 8 cents in cash , plus 16 cents for the new unsecured debt , which would trade at about 30 percent of par without a government guarantee .
Or bondholders can choose not to swap and be left to negotiate 5 cents of value in a bankruptcy , to avoid holding up the proceedings , Selle said in a report .
If bondholders are offered 24 cents definite value , made up of 8 cents in cash and 16 cents in government - guaranteed notes , bondholders may do the swap , Selle said .
“ The solution comes down to the U.S. government ’s willingness to keep GM solvent , ” Selle wrote .
“ We believe the question is n’t whether the US government is going to support GM , it is how they are going to choose to support GM . ”
The small cost of a bondholder guarantee would go a long way toward recapitalizing GM , according to Selle .
But there are risks to using a failed debt exchange , which debt investors equate to a default , or even bankruptcy , as levers .
Delphi Corp DPHIQ .PK , the former parts division that GM spun off in 1999 , filed for bankruptcy protection in 2005 and had planned to reorganize as a stronger company .
Delphi remains in Chapter 11 , with GM effectively subsidizing Delphi's parts production .
Next week , Delphi meets in Washington with creditors , the U.S. auto task force and GM -- essentially the same situation the auto - parts maker confronted in 2005 .
Ottawa is planning to restrict job offers to foreign workers in an attempt to discourage fraud and clamp down on those who try to bypass the rigorous immigrant selection system introduced last year , the Star has learned .
The federal government specifically wants to target small and medium - sized employers , who allegedly are more likely to make fraudulent job offers – which can help foreign nationals enter Canada on work permits or immigrant visas – in return for kickbacks .
Citizenship and Immigration Canada has refused to reveal details of the plan , but two sources familiar with the proposed changes told the Star they could hurt legitimate employers – and eliminate the advantages of having a job lined up for prospective migrants .
These changes , sources say , could also hurt prospective landed immigrants with needed labour and trades backgrounds who , under the strict point system , may need the extra points of a job offer to make up for a shortfall in education .
Applicants in the skilled immigrant category receive 15 extra points toward the passing mark of 67 if they can secure job offers from genuine employers , who often use the lure of permanent residence to attract such workers from abroad .
Such applications are processed even if an applicant does n't qualify under the 38 government - stipulated occupations introduced last year .
Currently , a candidate 's immigration application can proceed only after Service Canada has assessed a Canadian employer to verify its labour needs .
An employer with even one employee may qualify .
The sources said Ottawa wants to limit the program to employers that have at least five employees and $ 2.5 million in annual revenues and have been five years in business .
Immigration and Service Canada officials " are working to improve the program , including the establishment of monitoring and compliance measures to increase protections for workers and help ensure employers meet their obligations under the program , " said Immigration spokesperson Danielle Norris .
Phil Mooney , president of the Canadian Association of Professional Immigration Consultants , said the government 's move is prompted by concerns that people could enter Canada via fraudulent job offers .
Under the current system , there 's little follow - up to ensure an offered job materializes upon an individual 's arrival , Mooney said .
It 's believed a larger company would provide more checks and balances to ensure a job offer is legitimate , he said .
Toronto immigration lawyer Shoshana Green said there 's " just no other way " to get some immigrants into Canada unless they get job offers .
Both the Conference Board of Canada and Toronto Board of Trade refused to comment because no formal announcement has been made about the changes .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Government statistics show more than 3,900 job offers to prospective immigrants were assessed last year .
Eighty per cent of them approved , up from 2,038 offers and a 56 per cent approval rating the year before .
In the first quarter of this year alone , 1,117 applications were processed and 75 per cent of them were approved .
It is not known how many came from small employers .
Read more about :
Wer sich noch nicht an der Online - Petition gegen Internetsperren beteiligt hat , sollte klicken , sich registrieren und die Petition zeichnen .
Über 95.000 Bundesbürger haben ihren Protest bereits angemeldet .
Worum es geht und warum es wichtig ist , bei diesem Thema Flagge zu zeigen , wird auf netzpolitik.org erklärt .
Dort findet sich ein beeindruckender Querschnitt an Berichten und Meinungen zum Thema .
Nachrichten
Refinery 29
Spätestens seit Mund - Nasen - Bedeckungen in öffentlichen geschlossenen Räumen Pflicht sind , um die Ausbreitung des Coronavirus einzudämmen , setzen immer mehr Menschen auf Modelle nachhaltiger Labels ( die oftmals einen Teil der Einnahmen für wohltätige Zwecke spenden ) oder aber DIY - Varianten .
Manche nähen sich eigene Masken , manche kaufen die Werke anderer auf Plattformen wie Etsy oder eBay .
Mittlerweile gibt es neben schlichten unifarbenen Behelfsmasken unzählige kreative Modelle – mit bunten Mustern , aufgedruckten ( politischen ) Statements oder verstellbaren Bändern , zum Beispiel .
Doch besonders eine Variante scheint gerade immer beliebter zu werden : die Maske aus Seide .
„ Seide – ist das denn überhaupt sicher ? “ , fragst du dich jetzt womöglich .
Bevor ich darauf eingehe noch mal kurz zu den Basics .
Es gibt gewisse Empfehlungen , welche Art der Gesichtsbedeckung für welche Menschen geeignet ist .
Die Weltgesundheitsorganisation ( WHO ) und das Bundesinstituts für Arzneimittel und Medizinprodukte ( BfArM ) haben dazu eigene Infobroschüren verfasst .
Laut dieser Bestimmungen sollten Menschen , die über 60 Jahre alt sind oder aber Vorerkrankungen haben tatsächlich auf die meist blauen medizinischen Einwegmasken zurückgreifen , die auch von Mediziner * innen getragen werden .
Stoffmasken hingegen gelten nicht als medizinischer Mundschutz , weswegen sie sich nur für Menschen eignen , die selbst keine Corona - Symptome haben , sich aber an öffentlichen Orten aufhalten , an denen der nötige Mindestabstand von 1,50 Meter nicht eingehalten werden kann .
Das gilt vor allem für öffentliche Transportmittel oder beim Einkaufen – und ganz wichtig : Die Maske gehört auch über die Nase !
Während Seidenmasken auf dem Corona - Markt noch ganz neu sind , ist der luxuriöse Stoff in der Beauty - und Modebranche natürlich längst ein absoluter Favorit – und das nicht ohne Grund .
Bei brüchigem , trockenem Haar soll ein Turban oder Kopfkissen aus Seide helfen und auch Gesichtsfalten kann der glatte Stoff angeblich vorbeugen .
Aber sind Seidenmasken auch besser für die Haut und sind sie genauso effektiv in Sachen Schutz anderer Menschen wie herkömmliche Masken aus Baumwolle und Co.?
Dr. Howard Sobel ist dermatologischer Chirurg am Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City und Gründer der Hautpraxis Sobel Skin .
Er meint : „ Seidenmasken bieten einen effektiven Infektionsschutz , ohne die Haut zu reizen .
Es wurde nachgewiesen , dass dicht gewobene Baumwolle und natürliche Seide Partikel gut filtern können .
“ Durch Gesichtsmasken verursachte Akne , die liebevoll „ Maskne “ getauft wurde , ist der wohl frustrierendste „ Trend “ des Jahres – doch Seide könnte unser aller Rettung sein .
„ Maskne entsteht durch die Verbindung aus Reibung , Wärme , Feuchtigkeit und verstopften Poren “ , erklärt Dr. Sobel .
„ Wenn du selbst bisher von Maskne verschont geblieben bist , kann das durchaus noch kommen . “
War es im Sommer die Kombination aus hohen Temperaturen , hoher Luftfeuchtigkeit , Sonnencreme und Make - up , könnte im Winter dann der Mix aus Heizungsluft und feuchter Ausatemluft für Hautunreinheiten sorgen .
Genau da könnte eine Seidenmaske ansetzen , so Dr. Sobel .
„ Seide ist besonders empfehlenswert für empfindliche Haut “ , erzählt der Experte .
„ Die Textur anderer Stoffe kann die Haut reizen und so für Pickel sorgen .
Seide hingegen kühlt , ist von Natur aus hypoallergen und nimmt für gewöhnlich mehr Feuchtigkeit auf als Baumwolle , weswegen sie die Haut nicht austrocknet “ , erklärt Dr. Sobel weiter .
Reine Seide verstopft deine Poren außerdem nicht ; ein weiterer Vorteil , insbesondere bei öliger oder zu Unreinheiten neigender Haut .
Wichtig ist laut Dr. Sobel jedoch das Thema Maskenhygiene : „ Wasche deine Maske nach jedem Gebrauch und achte darauf , dass sie komplett trocknet , bevor du sie das nächste Mal aufsetzt .
So kannst du Hautunreinheiten am besten vermeiden . “
Die anderen Maßnahmen zur Eindämmung von Corona ( Abstand , Hände waschen , Hust - Etikette und Co. ) erkläre ich dir an dieser Stelle nicht noch mal , denn die hast du hoffentlich längst verinnerlicht – genauso wie den Fakt , dass Masken nicht dem Selbstschutz dienen , sondern dem Schutz anderer Menschen .
Du hast jetzt Lust auf eine Seidenmaske bekommen , weißt aber nicht , wo du am besten danach suchen sollst ?
Wir haben ein paar hübsche Vorschläge : eine blumige Variante von Codello ( 24,95 € ) , eine farbenfrohe Maske von Paula Immich ( 20 € ) und eine Animalprint - Option von BeachHopeLove ( 14,95 € ) .
Like what you see ?
How about some more R29 goodness , right here ?
Accessoire - Trend : Maske plus passendes Nageldesign Maskenketten sind das Trend - Accessoire des SommersDiese Onlineshops haben Stoffmasken im Sortiment
Posted on April 26 , 2009 in Videos
A couple of points from Pharyngula :
* She repeats over and over that CO2 is a natural gas .
Yes , we know … no one is claiming otherwise .
( Also , what would an “ unnatural ” gas be , anyway ? )
Nitrogen is also a natural substance , it helps plants grow , and we produce perfectly natural nitrogenous materials from our bodies — so does that mean that we should stop sewer services and allow everyone to wallow in their poop ?
* She claims that not one study has ever been produced to show that CO2 is harmful , and she goes further to claim that CO2 is a harmless gas .
We could correct that in just a few minutes : give me a large tank of CO2 and a small room containing Michele Bachmann , and we ’ll give her a personal experience .
* The atmosphere is 3 % CO2 ?
Is she really that ignorant ?
It ’s more like 0.03 % .
And again , no one is arguing that CO2 is evil — it ’s that its concentration has distinct effects on the temperature of the planet , and that concentration is changing .
See Also : The Express Train to Crazytown , Republican catechism vs science , Neocarbon , Replace Michele Bachmann , a bad week for science in politics , “ Actually , we need more carbon emissions ” , Bachmann - the - Nut , Scientist , Michele Bachmann : A Byproduct of Oxygen Deprivation , and Stark , Raving Mad .
Share Tweet Share
One of the things I spoke about last year , and this year again at the Developer meeting , was what should be our highest priorities for technical development to drive PostgreSQL adoption .
That is , what features would make PostgreSQL attractive to the greatest number of users , or remove obstacles to adoption for the most people .
Yeah , that ’s strategic thinking there .
Get used to it ; we ’ll be doing more in the future .
Note , also , that I ’m not saying technical features are the most important things driving PostgreSQL adoption .
Community outreach , user groups , translations , business software support , open source project dependencies , documentation and PR all have a huge effect on adoption , likely more than any database features .
However , the Global Development Group needs to decide what to develop , so here goes .
Before version 8.3 , the top 5 priorities were :
Easy installation of Postgres + accessories
Simple built - in replication Getting rid of VACUUM Upgrade - in - place Driver quality & maintenance
8.3 added HOT and multi- threaded autovacuum , and suddenly VACUUM became something most people set on auto and ignored .
8.4 ’s Visibility Map and FSM auto - tuning will result in VACUUM becoming even more of a vanishing issue .
Further , EnterpriseDB contributed the OneClick installer , and the various Linux distros got better at keeping PostgreSQL packages complete and up to date .
As a result , items # 1 and # 3 , while not gone entirely , dropped off the priority list .
So here ’s where we are going into 8.4 Beta :
Simple built - in replication Upgrade - in - place Administration & Monitoring Tools Driver Quality & Maintenance Modules & Extension Management
Now , for 8.4 Bruce is deploying pg_migrator and Zdenek ’s work on pg_upgrade continues .
Simon Riggs is going to continue work on Hot Standby ( presuming he can find funding ) for 8.5 , and the NTT guys will finish the synchronous replication work .
This will knock out the top two items .
So , the question then becomes , what are our top 5 priorities for after 8.5 ?
Three are still there :
Administration & Monitoring Tools Driver Quality & Maintenance Modules & Extension Management
But for further priorities we have quite a diversity of major blockers and new user enablers , and it ’s pretty hard to tell which ones will make the most difference to the largest number of people .
So I ’d like folks to vote ( in the comments ) for their favorites :
Per-column locale / collation
Windows user experience
“ Hostability ” features ( cloud platform )
Very Large Database features
OLTP Performance
… or something else ?
Tell me , below , what would make the most difference for you , your boss , or organizations you know using PostgreSQL for their projects ?
You can also vote on these on the PostgreSQL community survey .
posted by on October 31 at 13:00 PM
For Halloween , and in response to Jonah ’s post of Stan Lee reading “ The Raven , ” I was going to post this video of Christopher Walken reading “ The Raven . ”
But then I happened across this :
And it ’s clearly the creepiest thing I ’ll see all day .
I ’ve never seen Romance and Cigarettes .
Is the entire movie like this ?
Welcome to LEXNTECH ® LEXNTECH ® is one of the specialised Intellectual Property ( IP ) law firms established under Indian law .
The core to the firm is Global practice in the area of Intellectual Property .
We have very strong international flavor in our working practices addressing needs of individual , industry , and groups .
With the latest Information Technology tools , we at LEXNTECH® , provide high quality , fast , and low cost patents , trademarks , designs , copyright , and IP litigation services to attorneys , corporate , individuals at global level without ever meeting the client View details ...
Color choice is a key element to the success of any design .
It invokes an atmosphere and sets the mood .
One method for using color is to use only shades of a color , which is known as a monochromatic color scheme .
Of all the color schemes , the monochromatic is one of the easiest to pull off successfully .
This reason for such ease is that one shade of a color will naturally almost always work with another shade of the same color .
One of the most popular monochromatic color schemes is Blue .
This is likely because blue is seen as trustworthy , dependable and committed .
Blue , however , is not the only successful color scheme .
Greens , Purples , Browns , Reds can also appropriately set a mood .
In this article , we feature 50 monochromatic website designs , categorized based on the predominant color that they use .
Blues
Purples
Reds
Oranges
Browns
Greens
Blacks , Whites and Grayscale
Compiled exclusively for WDD by Michael Shelton .
Michael is a web designer and graphic design student who has worked in both web and print for over 4 years .
Which color scheme is your favorite to use and why ?
Do you know of any other examples besides the ones listed here ?
Please post them in the comments section of this post .
My pal Lucille over at Feelgood Style recently posted about the Lush Seed the Nation Contest , and it reminded me that I ’d been meaning to write a follow - up to this post on walk by guerrilla gardening from December .
With the idea of seed bombs gaining a little more attention lately , I thought it might be cool to revisit them here .
Last time we talked seed bombs , it generated quite a bit of discussion , including some great points in the comments that felt like they warranted their own discussion .
So here you go !
A couple of things to keep in mind when you ’re whipping up a batch of seed bombs !
Be a Good Neighbor
The very first comment on that post about seed bombs said :
This is genius .
I would be a little pissed to find a bunch of plants I did n’t want in my yard though !
I can’t agree more .
The purpose behind these things is to add some color to abandoned and unkempt areas .
All you achieve by tossing a seed bomb into a neighbors yard is a bummed out neighbor .
The whole idea is to spread a little joy and beauty , which I think goes right along with respecting other folks ’ property .
Keep it Native
You also want to make sure you ’re not planting invasive species .
Before you get your seeds together , do a bit of research to see what ’s native to your region .
Plant Native is a great place to start !
You can look up native species by state .
It does n’t seem to list food plants for the most part , though .
You might try doing a little Googling to find what fruits and veggies are indigenous to your area , if veggie bombs are what you ’re after
So have any of you gotten out there and spread any little “ explosions ” of green space ?
Image Credits :
Lush storefront photo by Lucille Chi .
Creative Commons flower photo by hofman .
The NSW Parliament has descended into chaos this morning , with the Government pulling the plug on the Legislative Council last night to avoid having its plan to sell off NSW Lotteries put to a vote .
The Rees Government is now facing a full - blown crisis to get any legislation through the Legislative Council .
The opposition claimed this morning that such a move to " collapse " the house had not occurred since the 1920s .
The crisis has risen because the Shooters Party has been voting against the Government all week after cabinet failed to back the Shooters Party 's push to hunt in national parks .
With the opposition and Greens opposing the Lotteries privatisation , the Government needed the support of the two Shooters Party MPs .
Many missteps have already been made .
Despite investing heavily in search engine technology over the years , Microsoft has watched Google steadily erode at its market share .
This time it is taking a more precise approach , working to help searchers with specific online tasks .
Image
For shopping searches , one of Bing 's four " verticals , " the service offers results that go beyond the 10 blue links of traditional search .
The other verticals are travel , health and local .
Microsoft will back its latest release with one of the biggest marketing efforts in its history .
And it has come up with a new name , Bing , that will replace the confusing Live Search .
The stakes for Microsoft are high .
Search has become the central tool for navigating the Web , and ads tied to search results are becoming a more important piece of the advertising market .
Microsoft is so eager to catch up that it bid nearly $ 50 billion last year to buy Yahoo , the No. 2 search company behind Google .
Mr. Ballmer said he was no longer interested in buying Yahoo , but still hoped the companies would team up to take on Google in search , and talks on a partnership are continuing .
For now , Microsoft is proceeding on its own .
Bing represents more than a year of research showing that while users say they are generally satisfied with Web search services , their behavior suggests that they often stumble as they rely on searches to complete certain tasks .
« Comprenons - nous , nous ne sommes pas pour l’établissement d’un État policier , nous savons qu’il faut travailler avec la population et créer des liens .
Mais il y a des groupes pour ça .
Notre boulot , à la police , c’est la répression .
Nous n’avons pas besoin d’un agent sociocommunautaire comme directeur , mais d’un général .
Après tout , la police est un organisme paramilitaire , ne l’oublions pas . » — Yves Francoeur , Président de la Fraternité de Policiers .
“ You must understand us , we are not for the establishment of a police State , we know we must work with the population and create links .
But there are groups doing this .
Our job , as police officers , is repression .
We do not need a social worker as a director , we need a general .
After all , the police is a paramilitary organization , let ’s not forget it . ” —
The President of the Police Fraternity of Quebec , Yves Francoeur .
It ’s very unfortunate that I could not “ attend , ” seeing how Montreal has a healthy riot scene .
This past Sunday , 15 March , 2009 , saw a large clash between protesters against police brutality , and the police who came out to demonstrate police brutality .
For more , from a mainstream and rather conservative perspective , see :
From The Gazette ’s Photo Gallery :
Videos
( I love this one : Benjamin Franklin uses the actual events as a backdrop for some bilingual rapping — staging reality )
Montreal Protest Against Police Brutality , 15 March 2009 , part 1 of 3
Montreal Protest Against Police Brutality , 15 March 2009 , part 2 of 3
Montreal Protest Against Police Brutality , 15 March 2009 , part 3 of 3
( Thanks to Homeless Nation , Anarkhia , Collectif opposé à la brutalité policière , canoe.ca )
_______
MTV does n't play music videos .
Magazines are dying .
Radio is all about the $ $ $ .
It 's no secret the old modes of music discovery have been thrown out the window .
Thankfully , new music - finders are here :
I think anyone reading this understands that the internet is the new trading post for artists , listeners , critics and salesmen .
It 's impossible to avoid some of the marketing campaigns carried out on MySpace and YouTube , but mostly music 's move to the internet gives listeners more power to develop their own tastes , for better or for worse .
You can turn to MP3 stores , recommendation services , internet radio and podcasts , MySpace — and even personal music blogs and forums that 'll help you " sample " pirated music .
Here 's my take on each method of discovery and the relevance it has to listeners :
Recommendation Services
Advertisement
The Pandoras , Rhapsodys and Last.fms of the world are nice , because they do most of the discovery work for you , without pushing some corporate agenda on you behind the scenes ( ... ahem ... Clear Channel ) .
Even better , these services cater their first song selections around your initially revealed tastes , and as you give the software feedback as to what you like and do n't like , they continue to refine and improve their artist recommendations .
Zune 's Mixview also provides a similar service , visually recommending similar artists and songs to those already in your library .
But my problem with a service like this is that you do n't necessarily get music that 's really new or groundbreaking .
Sure , it might be new or exciting to the casual music fan , or just someone who spends all their time listening to these services , but for the true junkie — okay , maybe " music snob " — it 's hard to really be wowed by any of these services .
We 've seen and heard most of it before .
Advertisement
MP3 Stores
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Sometimes looking for new music to actually buy is a great way to discover new stuff .
Whenever I stop through the legendary Amoeba Records in SF to buy actual , real CDs and vinyl , half my stack is full of stuff I 'm completely unfamiliar with .
The same holds true with MP3 stores .
Whether it's the monoliths like the iTunes and Amazon mp3 stores , or smaller music peddlers like Boomkat , Bleep , Beatport or Juno , most these stores not only let you click through and listen to all the 30 - clips you can handle , but they have tons of recommendations in the sidebars , allowing you to explore similar artists and sounds .
The only problem with this ?
If you do n't want to buy all these tracks , hunting them down again is a drag .
And in the case of some of the more obscure stores , you might not find the songs anywhere else .
Advertisement
Internet Radio and Podcasts
The beautiful thing about radio in its prime was that , top hits and genres - aside , you never knew what you were going to hear at any specific moment .
That unpredictability has an addictive quality to it , and internet radio preserves that spirit to a degree .
Though not as popular in the era of the iPod , I still tune in to internet radio stations when I 'm feeling bored with my music collection .
Two of my personal favorites are KCRW out of LA , which sticks to indie and the non - top - 40 pop hits , and Rinse FM out of London , which has a current rotation of DJs spinning Grime , Dubstep , House and whatever other electronic genres are currently bubbling over there .
My favorite thing about these two stations are that they put the content above all else — playing music they like , and not necessarily music that will sell .
( On perhaps the complete other end of the music spectrum , Wilson recommends similarly free - minded stations WFUV in New York , and KEXP in Seattle . )
Advertisement
The risk you run in your path of discovery , however , is that if your ears are at the mercy of the DJ you 're listening to on internet radio , and if you do n't like their taste , hard luck .
MySpace and Twitter
Advertisement
This is what I sort of view as the great democratic project in music .
The complaint while the internet was in its infancy was that big media and big corporations had too much influence over what music made it , and what did n't .
Obviously that 's all changed , in large part to MySpace .
As a social media service at large , MySpace is an eyesore and an abomination .
But as a place to discover new music , believe it or not , it 's an invaluable goldmine .
Big artists , small artists , fat artists , skinny artists — hell , your mom — all have the same basic framework at their dispersal to reach the masses when they 're using MySpace .
Here you can find your favorite established artists sneaking new tracks up on their page , you can find work from newer artists who have no official releases out , or you can stumble upon that completely random , brilliant band of 17 - year - olds from Pawnee , Oklahoma throwing out avant - garde acid pop .
Advertisement
But the best part , is that you can click around their grid of friends , who most of the time are other musicians , and you can get lost in musical worlds you did n't know existed .
I spent eight hours doing this one night last winter , and found enough new artists and styles that kept me interested for the rest of the year .
On the Twitter side , it 's mostly just good for gathering names and news , but the fact that more musicians , writers and other people of interest are using the service to jot down thoughts means you get to see what they 're into at any given moment .
People ranging from The Root 's ? uestlove , to The New Yorker 's music writer Sasha Frere - Jones , to Diplo all twitter frequently about the new music they 're digging at the time .
Advertisement
The Online Music Media
Advertisement
The big music magazines , like Rolling Stone and The Source , went from influential and respected in their prime for their great taste and writing , to walking punchlines later on for their willingness to make a buck at the cost of content .
What this did was open the door for music blogs to jump in and give readers a new place to figure out what 's new and good in the world of tunes .
Most of the bigger / more general music blogs ( Pitchfork , Stereogum , Gorilla vs Bear ) will never be the first ones to break a new artist , but they will be quick to tell you when known artists have new works available or coming out soon .
Smaller , niche blogs ( The Fader , Xlr8r , Valerie ) , however , will cultivate their sites like boutiques of taste , and always look for what 's next in music , as opposed to what 's now .
Advertisement
Filtering through sites like this takes a decent amount of work , however , and is for the dedicated music fan .
Lesser enthusiasts need not apply .
" Sampling "
Advertisement
The Somali method is for the most hardcore of the hardcore .
People who do n't want to wait for the media to tell them what 's what , and would rather just " sample " it for themselves , hit the internet hard and heavy for albums that leak weeks , sometimes months , ahead of their release .
" Sampling " these albums is not for the faint of heart .
It takes a general sense of music knowledge , music news , ability to follow the right websites and some technical know how .
Bittorrent ( and once upon a time , Oink ... RIP ) is a hotbed for many music leaks as they hit , but since it 's tough to mask your IP address if you 're not in a private community , it 's easier to " sample " the same album using RapidShare , MegaUpload or Mediafire .
( In case you 're wondering , avoid RapidShare at all costs , use Mediafire whenever possible ... you 'll save like 5 years of your life ) .
Advertisement
Generally the best place to " sample " these links to new album leaks are in the threads music - related forums .
This could be a forum for an artist , a record label , a genre , or just music in general , but people always start an upload thread full of links for you to troll .
There are also blogs and sites that keep track of the latest leaks .
Bolachas Gratis is probably the most famous of the bunch , famously hopping from blog service to blog service , finding a new home to post links to albums for you to " sample . "
Nodata.tv aims to do something similar , while there 's another site , Did It Leak , that just lists albums it 's seen floating around the internet .
They even have a Twitter feed .
Advertisement
These days , once you have an album title , its as simple as visiting Google Blog Search , MAYBE typing an album name in the search bar in quotes , and MAYBE adding a 2009 and " +rar " or " +zip " to the search string ( NO IDEA what those mean ! ) .
Search around for a few bit blogs that may have a link , and bam — new music to " sample " .
This is undoubtedly the best method for pure discovery , because it lets you chase down the latest and greatest in music without being tainted by anyone else 's opinion or tastes .
But it also requires an obsessive , nerdish approach to music fandom that may have ramifications on your social life .
Not to mention a total disregard for the economics of the music business , and for the needs of artists to be remunerated for their work .
So , you know , proceed with caution .
Advertisement
Click to view
Listening Test :
It 's music tech week at Gizmodo .
JOYS GREEN , England , March 19 ( UPI ) -- A British store owner said litter in her village is down by 40 percent since she started marking candy wrappers with the names of the children who bought them .
Yvonne Froud , 52 , said she uses a black permanent marker to write the names of buyers on candy wrappers , bags of chips and beverage containers to identify the litterbugs of Joys Green , England , The Daily Mirror reported Thursday .
Advertisement
Froud said children whose names are found on wrappers left on the street face penalties including temporary bans from her shop and periods of litter - picking duty .
" I was so disgusted by the litter I had to do something about it , " the shopkeeper told The Daily Mail .
" Now if we find packets around the village we know who they belong to .
I will do it with adults if they start littering , too . "
Truth is stranger than fiction , they say , and nowhere is this more true than in the natural world .
Symbiotic pairs , camouflaged critters and color - changing animals are one thing , but what about exploding and raining animals ?
Oh yes , it happens .
From the world ’s weirdest team - ups to the most surreal self - detonating creatures on the planet , here are seven phenomenal wonders of the animal kingdom .
7 ) Symbiosis : Surprising Animal Team - Ups
Sure species work together , but they also work with other species in strange and unlikely ways .
In the water , sharks hunt with sidekick fish , shrimp clean up eels and crabs use anemones as poisoned boxing gloves .
In the air , some birds flit down to take scraps from the teeth of crocodiles while others sit comfortably on the backs of huge mammals from buffaloes to elephants .
On the ground , keen - sighted zebras eat side - by - side with hearing - enhanced ostriches , each prepared to warn the other of danger .
Animals adapt over time to their environments , some so much so that they begin to look like their surroundings – a helpful evolutionary advantage in the face of potential predators ( or while stalking prey ) .
There are octopi that blend in perfectly with sandy ocean floors , insects that look just like leaves and fish that resemble oceanic plants .
There is even an octopus that can mimic nearly twenty other oceanic species to scare off attackers .
Some animals require weeks to shift from one state to another while others can change color and even texture in a matter of hours or minutes .
In some cases they blend in roughly with their surroundings while in others they are almost a carbon copy of what they are next to .
Even when you are looking for them , some color - changers fit into their context so well you would never even see them at close range .
Scientists still do not know for sure what drives some animals to eat their mates .
If they predominantly engaged in this behavior after mating one would assume they were getting sustenance for their newly - fertilized eggs – but most females attempt to eat the males even before mating .
Scorpion males save themselves by stinging their partners into submission , mantises wait until a female has fed to approach her and spiders actually bring an offering of food in the hope that they themselves will not be the main course .
Humans work together all the time to build incredible structures we could never have dreamed up , let alone construct , on our own – but some animal architecture is arguably even more impressive .
There is a spider web built by a variety of species working together that spans much of a public park , an ant colony that extends for thousands of miles and birds nests built by entire flocks living together under one thatched roof .
Yes , you read that right : some animals explode .
In some cases they unfortunately have help – like the whale detonated to get it off a public beach or the tank - hunting suicide dogs from World War II .
In other cases , though , it happens as a defense mechanism or the by - product of an unknown natural phenomena .
One of the widest publicized cases of an exploding animal involved gaseous buildup inside of a giant whale being transported by truck down a busy city street – you do not want to see those pictures .
1 ) Raining Animals : Radical but Real
Raining animals … it sounds ridiculous , right ?
Nonetheless , it happens – albeit rarely .
Fish , frogs and birds are the most common forms of animal rain .
Sometimes the creatures land relatively unscathed but in others they are frozen or shredded to pieces .
Theories vary in their details but generally it is assumed thatcertain kinds of strong winds lift up the animals with a volume of water ( fish and frogs from ponds , for example ) or sweep them out of the sky in the case of birds and then deposit them , often right before a major storm .
Underground , Underwater and Other Wonders of the World
7 Underground Wonders of the World
7 ( More ! ) Underground Wonders of the World
7 Underwater Wonders of the World
7 Island Wonders of the World
7 Engineering Wonders of the World
7 Urban Wonders of the World
7 Wonders of Modern Green Design and Technology
Abandoned Cities , Buildings and Wonders of the World
7 Abandoned Wonders of Asia
7 Abandoned Wonders of the European Union
7 Abandoned Wonders of America
7 ( More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of America
7 ( Even More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of America
7 Abandoned Wonders of the Former Soviet Union
7 ( More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of the Former Soviet Union
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel ’s interior minister has blocked a proposal to declare six Christian heritage sites exempt from land appropriations by the Jewish state ahead of a visit by Pope Benedict , Israeli officials said on Monday .
Unresolved zoning rights at the Vatican - owned shrines , including the Church of the Annunciation in Nazareth and the Church of the Multiplication on the Sea of Galilee , have impeded relations that Israel and the Holy See established in 1993 .
Keen to crown Benedict ’s May 11 - 14 tour with a breakthrough , an Israeli inter-agency committee drafted a deal making the sites off - limits to state land seizures , which non-Jewish minorities often complain disproportionately target their turf .
“ It is very relevant because we wanted the pope to be able to unveil a deal when he comes , ” an Israeli official familiar with the deliberations said .
“ The Catholic world has long seen this outstanding issue as a sign of poor faith on our part . ”
Yet when called upon this week to sign off on the proposal , Israeli Interior Minister Eli Yishai , who heads a powerful ultra-Orthodox Jewish party in Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s right - leaning coalition government , refused .
“ This matter is under the minister ’s authority , and he is not prepared to sacrifice Israeli sovereignty , even if it is only symbolic , ” Yishai ’s spokesman Roi Rachmanovitch said .
Further complicating the dispute is the fact the one of the sites under discussion , the Garden of Gethsemane , is in Arab East Jerusalem , which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed in a move not recognised internationally .
Palestinians want to set up a capital for their future state in East Jerusalem and would likely resent any Vatican overtures that appeared to confer recognition on Israeli controls .
“ All we are seeking are safeguards that they ( sites ) will not be taken away in the future , ” an informed Catholic Church source in Rome said .
Yishai ’s decision could be overruled in a vote by the Israeli cabinet , political sources said .
Netanyahu ’s office had no immediate word on whether such a vote was planned .
Israeli officials have described Benedict ’s visit as a chance to dispel tensions over the Vatican ’s handling of a Holocaust - denying bishop and its attendance at a U.N. racism conference where Iran ’s president railed against Zionism .
Having seen tourism plummet over a Palestinian revolt that erupted in 2000 , Israel also hopes the pope will usher in more pilgrimages from the billion - strong Catholic world .
Banksy Street Art – Art Finds New Inspirations
Banksy is a pseudo - anonymous English graffiti artist .
He is believed to be a native of Yate , South Gloucestershire , near Bristol and to have been born in 1974 , but there is substantial public uncertainty about his identity and personal and biographical details .
His artworks are often satirical pieces of art on topics such as politics , culture , and ethics .
His street art , which combines graffiti writing with a distinctive stenciling technique .
He creates some magical and truly original posters and paintings .
Asked about his technique , Banksy said :
â€œ I use whatever it takes .
Sometimes that just means drawing a mustache on a girl ’s face on some billboard , sometimes that means sweating for days over an intricate drawing .
Efficiency is the key .
â€
After he is done you ’ll surely need to redecorate the building in and out .
Stencils are traditionally hand drawn or printed onto sheets of acetate or card , before being cut out by hand .
Because of the secretive nature of Banksy ’s work and identity , it is uncertain what techniques he uses to generate the images in his stencils , though it is assumed he uses computers for some images due to the photocopy nature of much of his work .
Nice idea for a logo design .
He mentions in his book , ‘ Wall and Piece ’ , that as he was starting to do graffiti that he was always too slow and was either caught or could never finish the art in the one sitting .
So he devised a series of intricate stencils to minimize time and overlapping of the color .
Official Website
May 5 , 2009  --
When Joel Engelman was 8 years old , he says , he was called from his Hebrew class to the principal 's office at his Brooklyn yeshiva , a Jewish religious school .
His parents had recently told Rabbi Avrohom Reichman that their son had been abused by an older boy at the school , he says .
But he says the rabbi was not offering to help that day .
When Engelman arrived at the principal 's office , he says , Reichman told him to close the door .
He told the boy to sit on his lap and began swiveling his chair back and forth , Engelman says .
Reichman then touched him , moving from his shoulders down , Engelman claims .
The same kind of abuse went on twice a week for several months before he left the school , Engelman claims in a civil lawsuit filed against the yeshiva , the United Talmudical Academy .
For more than 10 years , Engelman , now 23 , kept what he says happened to himself .
He left the orthodox community and found new friends .
It was n't until about two years ago , when he says he heard that other boys allegedly had been abused by Reichman , that he tried to do something about it .
But Engelman says the response from religious leaders has been just as disturbing as the alleged abuse .
He claims the school 's religious leaders told him not to go to the police , and promised to remove Reichman from the school , which they did for a few months .
" They kept telling me , ' Do n't go to the police , do n't do anything .
We 've dealt with this before , ' " with other teachers , he said .
" It really shocked me . "
A few days after the statute of limitations for Engelman to file a civil or criminal case against Reichman for abuse passed , the school reinstated the rabbi , the lawsuit claims .
Advocates : Abuse Problem Plagues Orthodox Community
Engelman's is among a handful of publicized cases of alleged abuse within the insular Orthodox Jewish community .
But alleged victims and their advocates say it is far from an isolated instance .
The Brooklyn district attorney 's office , which last month announced a hotline for alleged Orthodox sex abuse victims , says it has 19 active cases of alleged sex abuse in the borough 's Orthodox Jewish community .
And advocates say the problem extends beyond Brooklyn .
" If you 're a pedophile , just go to one of the orthodox communities .
You 're probably safest there , " said New York State Assemblyman Dov Hikind , himself an Orthodox Jew .
" It 's sad for me to say that , but it 's true . "
Assemblyman ' Inundated ' With Calls from Alleged Sex Abuse Victims
When Hikind broached the subject of sexual abuse on his weekly radio show last year , he said he was " inundated " with calls from alleged victims from the United States , Israel and parts of Europe .
ABC News has spoken to Orthodox Jews who claim they were victims of abusers in New York , Baltimore and Illinois , who shared stories of alleged molestation followed by what they described as hostility from community leaders when they sought help .
Hikind says another of Reichman 's students , who has not come forward publicly , claims he was abused by the rabbi as a child .
" A lot was attempted , a lot was tried " to remove Reichman from the school , he said .
" He is unfortunately still in the classroom . "
Lawyer : Abuse Claims Not True
A lawyer for Reichman , Jacob Laufer , said the rabbi " vehemently denies " that he abused any students .
He said the school conducted an investigation into Engelman 's claims and found that they were " without merit . "
A lawyer for the yeshiva said the school would not comment on pending litigation .
Reichman " has been a teacher and principal at that school for decades , " Laufer said .
" The parent body highly values his services as an educator and they compete among themselves for the opportunity to have their children be in Rabbi Reichmans 's class . "
Rabbi David Niederman , the head of the United Jewish Organization of Williamsburg , said claims of widespread abuse in the Orthodox community are " nonsense . "
" Are there cases where people dont abide by the law ?
Yes , no question .
We are all human .
As humans , we have temptations of various sorts .
No community is immune to that , " he said .
" But we would not and do n't tolerate any type of criminality .
If a person abuses your child today , he will abuse my child tomorrow or my grandchild .
We take that very seriously , " he said .
" We put our children first .
Nobody in his right mind will try to protect somebody who committed a crime .
It will turn against you . "
Though Hikind and some rabbis have recently been willing to take on the issue , alleged victims say there is still tremendous pressure to keep quiet .
Several said community leaders were skeptical of their claims , and said they were told that they and their relatives would never be able to find someone to marry them and that they would become outcasts in their tight - knit communities .
One prominent rabbi , speaking on the condition of anomynity , questioned whether abuse allegations were true .
" If there 's a family fight , a dispute in the family , it could start with verbal abuse .
What happens next ?
You know and I know , it becomes 'he raped me , ' or whatever , " the rabbi said .
" If you 're telling me there are allegations of abuse , I do n't know what ' allegations ' really means . "
Engelman , now a graphic designer , says he has lost jobs because he spoke publicly about Reichman .
Hikind says nearly all the alleged victims who have contacted him said they were afraid to speak publicly or to prosecutors .
He will not publicly release names of alleged perpetrators , though he says he turns over information to prosecutors .
Alleged Victims Say Told Not to Report Abuse to Police
" They are willing to protect the community at the expense of the children , " said a woman who claims she was abused by her father , a rabbi , and who asked to be identified only by her first name , Nanette .
The woman 's father did not return repeated messages seeking comment .
She said that when she began discussing the accusations against her father , her rabbi said if she continued to speak about it publicly , no other Orthodox Jews would be willing to marry any of her siblings .
She says her family refused to speak with her .
" My sister told me until I stop the slander , she can't be my sister , " she said .
" One of the things they say is when people speak out like this it causes desecration of God 's name , " she said .
" But the real desecration to God is that they are willing to protect the community at the expense of the children . "
Tamir Weissberg says he was abused by three Orthodox men over the course of several years .
The first time was at summer camp when he was in the fifth grade , when he said the adult son of the camp director invited him and several other boys into his tent one night and fondled them .
He says he never told anyone until years later .
The person he accuses of molesting him was convicted in 2006 of unrelated charges of trying to contact a child over the Internet for sex .
He was sentenced to 262 months in prison .
When he was a student in the Midwest , Weissberg says a school administrator allowed him to make phone calls from the administrator 's room .
One day , Weissberg says , the administrator showed him a pornographic magazine and asked Weissberg to masturbate in front of him .
Similar instances continued for several months , Weissberg says , until he tape recorded the man offering him money to masturbate in front of him .
When he took the tape to the head of the yeshiva , " He said ' If I hear a word of this from anyone I will make your life miserable . '
And he took the tape away , " Weissberg claims .
The administrator and the school 's head rabbi did not return repeated calls for comment .
Weissberg , now 27 , says he left school at 15 and returned to Baltimore feeling isolated and depressed .
He says his parents were heartened when a family friend began spending time with him .
Weissberg says the friend , a lawyer , invited Weissberg to his apartment to watch a movie .
After watching " Fargo , " the lawyer suggested watching another movie , and put on a porn film , Weissberg says .
" I started screaming , I freaked out , " he said .
Weissberg says when he told his rabbi what had happened , the rabbi said he would look into it , but later responded that the lawyer had denied the allegations .
" He was someone I respect and a man of God .
For me to have to sit there and tell him that , to no avail , it was a big slap in the face , " he said .
" I was ignored completely . "
He says eventually the lawyer was asked to take a lie detector test and , when he admitted what had happened , he was asked to leave the Baltimore Orthodox community .
No criminal charges were ever filed .
The rabbi , Moshe Heinemann , said he did not recall the lawyer admitting what had happened or asking him to leave the community .
He declined to discuss the allegations further .
Several other Baltimore rabbis declined to discuss the issue of sexual abuse .
" It was really shoved under the rug and ignored .
I 'm resentful for all that , " Weissberg said .
" It 's something that people always think it 's not going to happen to my kid .
We do n't want to hear about it .
" Unfortunately , we live in a society where there are a lot of sick people , " Weissberg said .
" Just because you 're Jewish does n't mean you 're excluded from that .
It 's a fact of life of the world we 're living in . "
Engelman says that after Reichman was reinstated , the school 's religious leaders then tried to minimize what had happened .
He claims the school told his mother that since the touching was on the outside of Engelman 's clothes , it was not a big deal .
Niederman said the school had investigated the allegations and was satisfied that they were not true .
" One would have to be sick in his mind to willingly keep somebody in the school that they know or believe that he committed a crime against children , " the rabbi said .
For Engelman , that 's not enough .
" Here 's a guy who epitomized piety and respect , " Engelman said .
" It really shocked me .
It turned my way of looking at people upside down . "
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) – Microsoft Wednesday unveiled its
Hohm website designed to help residential power consumers save money and reduce their environmental impact by conserving energy .
Microsoft has been selling technology to the energy industry for years and is now targeting the home power market as the weak economy forces consumers to find ways to save money and the government prepares to mandate the use of renewables and energy efficiency to curb carbon emissions .
“ Conservation is the cheapest source of energy , ” Troy Batterberry , product manager for Hohm , told Reuters .
If consumers use less power , he said , utilities will not need to build as many new polluting power plants .
Everyone saves money .
Hohm uses complicated algorithms to analyze information provided by consumers and participating utilities to help them better understand their power usage , get recommendations and save money .
Those recommendations can include replacement of a thermostat , purchase of a new refrigerator and , maybe in the future , the installation of solar panels on the roof .
Batterberry estimated consumers could save about 5 percent to 10 percent on their energy bills , depending on how many recommendations they follow .
Microsoft Hohm is available for free to all 120 million households in the United States , whether their utility is a partner or not .
Microsoft is partnering with utilities and meter vendors to capture information about consumer power use .
Google this year rolled out a similar program called PowerMeter , which is available to a limited group of customers served by partner utilities .
Google plans to expand PowerMeter this year .
Microsoft said all meter providers , technology companies and consulting firms could be both partners and / or the competition for Hohm .
In the short term , Microsoft expects there to be potential to make money through advertising .
If Hohm recommends a furnace upgrade , the site could provide a link to furnace vendors .
The vendors would pay Microsoft for the ad or referral .
In the future , Microsoft hopes Hohm will make money as a scalable demand - side management tool .
Demand - side management programs pay consumers to reduce power use , especially during grid emergencies and times of very high demand , like summer heat waves when air conditioning usage stretches generation .
Demand - side management can also help utilities meet renewable and efficiency goals by offsetting the intermittent nature of renewables by reducing consumption when the wind stops blowing or the sun is not shining .
To get started with Hohm , users input household information over a secure website — www.microsoft-hohm.com — or , if their utility is a partner , they can upload their energy usage data .
Microsoft has partnered with Xcel Energy Inc , Puget Sound Energy , Seattle City Light and Sacramento Municipal Utility District , and plans to name more partners soon .
The more information the homeowner provides the more relevant the recommendations will be .
As a default , Hohm will base recommendations on local and national averages .
Microsoft has been working on Hohm , code named Niagara , for about two years .
The company did not disclose how much it spent on Hohm or how much it expects to make from the venture .
In about six to nine months after receiving feedback from users and refining and improving the application , Jon Arnold , managing director of Microsoft ’s Worldwide Power and Utilities Industry , told Reuters , Hohm should exit the Beta version .
Ultimately , Microsoft wants Hohm to go international .
( Editing by Walter Bagley )
More From Reuters :
Services
Lawn Services
A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia .
It is a paradisematic country , in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your .
Get a Quote
In celebration of hitting the 200 million user mark today , Facebook announced that it has partnered with 16 global charities / advocacy groups to create virtual gifts promoting their causes in the Facebook Gift Shop .
Facebook will donate all of the proceeds from the gifts to the groups involved .
Unlike most Facebook virtual gifts , which cost 100 credits ( the equivalent of $ 1 ) , the for - charity virtual gifts being promoted on the home page of the Facebook Gifts Store cost between 500 and 1000 credits ( $ 5 to $ 10 ) .
This is the first time we ’ve seen Facebook experiment with promoting gifts that cost this much .
Currently , the only way to obtain credits is to purchase them directly from Facebook with your credit card ( though Facebook has also been testing a credit gifting system with a few users ) .
To check out the gifts , visit the Facebook Gift Shop .
The 16 charities and advocacy participating in the campaign are :
Thus far a breast milk craze has not hit , but I am a little surprised .
After all , it 's the perfect organic , raw , and local food wrapped into one , neat , biodegradable package .
And if you are going to drink milk , it 's said to be better for you .
Why is breast milk on my mind ?
Well , Vice magazine recently concocted a cupcake challenge [ NSFW ] using cow 's milk and breast milk :
After quietly chewing for a few minutes , he whispered , “ I ... I ca n’t tell any difference at all . "
But we said , “ No , you have to choose one . ”
So he held up the cupcake in his right hand and said , “ This one is vaguely tastier . ”
And guess what , it was the boobcake !
Breast milk officially wins !
Could this be the wave of the future ?
You tell me .
Until then , I 'll stick with soy milk for my tea .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Vast language , gene study unveils our history ROOTS OF HUMANITY
American scientists working with colleagues in six African nations and Europe have been boldly tracing the genetic roots of all humanity for the past 10 years , and their first results have just started coming in .
The effort - the most ambitious of its kind ever undertaken - is an attempt to learn in detail how remarkably diverse humans are ; how our varied genes make some of us susceptible to deadly diseases and some immune ; and just where in Africa our human ancestors first moved out of the continent more than 50,000 years ago to populate the world .
The researchers examined the genes and historical linguistics among thousands of remote African tribal peoples , carrying on a long and once - controversial study begun more than 50 years ago by Stanford geneticist Luigi Luca Cavalli -Sforza and continuing today in partnership with Stanford mathematician Marcus Feldman .
Geneticist Sarah A. Tishkoff of the University of Pennsylvania is leading the latest project with support from African researchers in Cameroon , Mali , Tanzania , Kenya , Nigeria and Sudan .
The first results were reported Thursday in the online journal Science Express .
Over the past decade , the researchers analyzed the genes and languages of more than 3,000 people in 121 population groups across the most isolated regions of Africa , plus 60 in Europe , and four groups of African Americans in various states across the United States .
All of the participants volunteered blood samples for gene analysis , the scientists said .
Tishkoff's team also combined clues from the most ancient languages of Africa with their knowledge of the 2,000 languages now spoken on that continent .
The scientists also examined the genomes of all the individuals they studied , and from all of that drew a picture of historic migration patterns among the many African population groups , linking them to the origins of African Americans in greater detail than ever before .
New insights into Africa
One of Tishkoff 's colleagues , Dr. Muntaser Ibrahim , a molecular biologist at the University of Khartoum 's Institute of Endemic Disease in Sudan , said in a phone interview from Khartoum that the project has revealed " spectacular insights into the history of African populations and indeed the origins of all mankind . "
Because such projects in the past required drawing blood samples from so many thousands of African hunter - gatherers in isolated tribes , some scientists had branded them as unethical .
But Ibrahim said that wo n't be an issue this time .
" These remote people are unique genetically , and they have been very , very cooperative because they too would like to know about their past , " he said .
" The notion that these remote people are not interested in genetics is not at all true . "
Christopher Ehret , a noted specialist in African historical linguistics at UCLA and a member of Tishkoff 's team , said his analysis of tribal languages revealed striking patterns of migration across Africa .
" When people move , they borrow words from the people where they settle , " he said .
Those new words inserted into older languages , he said , can tell us when the newcomers arrived .
For example , Ehret said , the " click " language still spoken among people as varied as the San of South Africa , the Pygmy tribes of Central and West Africa and the Hadze people far to the east may well be the original spoken language of all humans - and the genes of those distant click speakers indicate they share a common ancestry , the scientists noted .
Scott M. Williams of Vanderbilt University , who searched for disease - causing genes among the most remote African populations , said he found genetic evidence of ancient susceptibility to disorders as varied as hypertension , prostate cancer and the lactose intolerance that is common today both among African Americans and other American ethnic groups .
The ancient migration patterns that the scientists followed indicated to them that the very first true humans must have emerged on the evolutionary scene nearly 200,000 years ago somewhere in southern Africa , near where Namibia is now , Tishkoff said .
And while most of today 's African American ancestors originated from West Africa during the infamous slave trade , Ehret and Tishkoff found strong evidence that many of those West African people came from groups that had migrated from the continent 's eastern areas .
Stanford project led way
Stanford 's Cavalli -Sforza and Feldman spent decades on what they called their Human Genome Diversity Project , and it continues today at Stanford 's Morrison Institute .
The two Stanford leaders " paved the way for scientists like myself , " said Tishkoff .
" They were the first to characterize global patterns of genetic variation and to show correlations between genetic and linguistic evolution , " she said .
" This is just the beginning of even more detailed studies of genetic variation in African and African American populations . "
In a telephone interview from Italy on Thursday , Feldman said the new report " reinforces in a strong way the tremendous diversity and variability of population groups in Africa . "
And the Tishkoff team 's finding of such varied historical migration patterns in West Africa surely means any attempt by African Americans to learn the true origin of their earliest ancestors in Africa will be difficult , Feldman said .
( CNN ) --
We may be coming upon a new era for the Internet search .
Google dominates the search world , but some sites are trying to expand the possibilities .
And , despite what you may think , Google is not the only player .
New search engines that are popping up across the Web strive to make searches faster , smarter , more personal and more visually interesting .
Some sites , like Twine and hakia , will try to personalize searches , separating out results you would find interesting , based on your Web use .
Others , like Searchme , offer iTunes - like interfaces that let users shuffle through photos and images instead of the standard list of hyperlinks .
Kosmix bundles information by type -- from Twitter , from Facebook , from blogs , from the government -- to make it easier to consume .
Wolfram Alpha , set to launch Monday , is more of an enormous calculator than a search :
It crunches data to come up with query answers that may not exist online until you search for them .
And sites like Twitter are trying to capitalize on the warp - speed pace of online news today by offering real - time searches of online chatter -- something Google 's computers have yet to replicate .
Google , of course , remains the search king .
Recent efforts to revolutionize Web searching have failed to unseat the dominant California company , which captures nearly 64 percent of U.S. online searches , according to comScore .
Tech start - ups like Cuil , which billed itself as more powerful than Google , and Wikia , which relied on a community to rank search results rather than a math formula , have largely faded away after some initial buzz .
Timeline : the history of searching for data »
" The general trend has been relatively clear and consistent for the past five years : Google is growing its market share at the expense of every other engine , " said Graham Mudd , vice president for search and social media at comScore , a company that tracks industry trends .
The new class of search engines and data calculators enters the fray with those failures in mind , though .
Instead of trying to be Google killers , these sites have more humble aspirations : to be alternatives to the industry giants .
Real - time searches offer the most promise , Mudd said .
If you search Google news , the results will be recent , but not live .
That 's where Twitter 's search comes in .
It searches the site 's micro - blog posts by the second , allowing users to see what 's buzzing on the Web at any instant .
Facebook and FriendFeed also are experimenting with real - time searches , according to news reports .
But each of these searches operates only within its own social network .
Scoopler is another real - time site that 's trying to aggregate info from all of these sites .
And all of these are seeing more competition , as two new sites -- TweetMeme and OneRiot -- launched new or updated real - time searches on Tuesday .
Nova Spivack , a technology developer who writes about search engines , said sites that forecast trendy topics will become more prominent .
Knowing what will be trendy tomorrow is becoming valuable to more people , he said .
Search trend predictions will be valuable to people interested in news in much the same way as stock forecasts are valuable to financial industry workers .
" The topography of the Web is shifting much faster .
Instead of happening kind of glacially , you 're on the beach right where the water is coming in and it 's constantly changing the way the sand is laid out , " he said .
Other search sites are just trying to get smarter , with some acting as giant data crunchers .
The much - talked about Wolfram Alpha , or Alpha for short , harnesses massive computing power to answer users ' questions , even if they 're never been answered on the Web before .
Watch a Wired editor discuss the site »
" It 's not a new Google .
It 's not supposed to be .
It 's a new thing .
It 's very complementary , in a way , to what search engines do , " said Theodore Gray , co-founder of Wolfram Research , which created Alpha .
People need to get away from the idea that every 3 - inch - long search bar online acts just like Google and Yahoo ! , he said .
If you ask Google a question , the search engine 's computers scan the Web for matching search terms and come up with answers that make the most sense statistically .
Alpha , by contrast , pulls information from existing data sets that have been approved by the site 's math - minded staff .
The site then computes an answer to your question .
An example will help this make sense .
Say you wanted to find out nutritional information for your favorite recipe .
On Google , you would have to search each ingredient individually and then add the calories and fat grams together yourself .
With Alpha , you can type in the full recipe and the site produces a completed graphic that looks like it came right off the side of a cereal box .
Read about a CNN test of ' Alpha '
Some search sites are trying to get better at understanding what their users want .
Twine , a social site created by Spivack , soon will start incorporating information about its users into a search function , he said .
Some of the information comes through a user 's search history .
The site also will ask users to rank search results by their relevance to your interests .
" Right now , one of the problems with search is that it 's really one - size - fits - all .
It 's not very personalized , " Spivack said .
" The fact is when I 'm searching for certain kinds of things , the way that the results should be ranked might quite be different than if someone with a very different background or interests was searching for those same things . "
So if you 're someone who is into heavy science , a search about evolution might yield more academic papers .
If you 're a person whose Web interests lean more toward pop culture , an evolution search might turn up photos and more basic information .
Helping computers understand the information that 's online is the next step in making searches more personal , Spivack said .
It 's unclear which companies , if any , will be able to accomplish this , but Google appears to be working on that problem as well as others .
At an event on Tuesday , Google announced a new " show options " feature as part of its search .
Users can use the function to see new ways search results are linked , such as through timelines or a " Wonder Wheel , " which displays visual relationships between search terms .
And in a staff letter published last week on Google 's blog , company co-founder Sergey Brin wrote about making searches more intelligent .
" Perfect search requires human - level artificial intelligence , which many of us believe is still quite distant , " he wrote .
" However , I think it will soon be possible to have a search engine that ' understands ' more of the queries and documents than we do today .
" Others claim to have accomplished this , and Google 's systems have more smarts behind the curtains than may be apparent from the outside , but the field as a whole is still shy of where I would have expected it to be . "
All About Google Inc. • Yahoo!
Inc. • Internet
The Breakdown : Defying Death at the Gym
Wherein we divulge why " the guy " and his ball are as one ( at least in terms of momentum )
クーパービジョンのコンタクトレンズ通販で買えるの？？＞＞＞プロクリアワンデー
の激安通販がわかるサイト
眼科医が教えるコンタクトレンズ選びと通販！
東京には、沢山のダイエットジムが有りますが、
それらの、東京のダイエットジムの中で、筆頭に挙げられるべき存在といえば、やはりライザップでしょう。
ライザップは、東京都内だけで、約30店舗を構えていますが、
東京でダイエットジムに通いたいという方は、通いやすさなどを考慮すると、
必ず、駅の近くに店舗が有るライザップは、やはりお勧めです。
また、必ず痩せたい、結果を出したいという方にとっては、
ライザップというのは、打ってつけのダイエットジムであると言って良いでしょう。
また、es three ( エススリー ) は、東京都内に12店舗を構えるダイエットジムですが、
ライザップほど料金が高くはなく、
また、普段の食事指導についても非常に親切であり、お勧めのダイエットジムと言って良いでしょう。
また、東京都内には 、Reborn myself ( リボーン マイセルフ ) という、女性専用のダイエットジムが有りますが、
Reborn myself ( リボーン マイセルフ ) は、とにかく、ダイエットジムの中でも、非常に料金が安いというのが特徴であり、
女性の方で、金銭的にあまり無理をしたくない、という方には、とてもお勧めのダイエットジムだと思われます。
この他、東京には様々なダイエットジムが有りますが、
まずは、ご自分で見学し、確かめてみてから、
料金や、通いやすさなどを考慮しながら、自分に合ったダイエットジムを探して頂ければと思います。
Recently , Google announced a significant update to its Search function : the Options panel .
Although - for the most part - it 's only a different way to display some old features , changes such as this one can have a profound impact on the most important service on the web today .
Design - wise , though , it does n't look like much .
The new pane on the left side looks simple and logical ; almost as if its design was n't even a problem that needed addressing , and they just went with the first thing they came up with .
After all , it 's only blue , plain letters on a white background , right ?
In fact , although most of its menus and interfaces are extremely simple and plain looking , a lot of thought goes into their design , and you can see that in a fascinating insight into how the Options panel was created on the official Google blog .
In the images below you can see several concepts and iterations of the design , which show that Google takes great care that every pixel is positioned exactly where it should be , and that the final design is absolutely perfect .
As it turns out , simple is not that simple to make .
[ Images courtesy of the Official Google Blog ]
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Group is within hours of confirming its involvement in Formula 1 as a major sponsor of the Brawn GP team .
Following reports that initially appeared in The Times , AUTOSPORT has confirmed that Branson is now en route to Melbourne to confirm that he will become a backer of the Brackley - based team .
Sources say he is so keen to press ahead with the deal that he has cut short a family ski holiday to finalise the deal in person .
Brawn GP has run unbranded so far , sticking to the white , yellow and black corporate colours used in testing so far , but are now poised to unveil a major rebranding exercise .
AUTOSPORT understands that it is possible new colours could be used on the cars as early as this weekend 's Australian Grand Prix , where the team are among the favourites for victory .
As The Times reported , Branson is expected to confirm his involvement in a press conference at the Albert Park track this weekend .
Virgin had been linked with the buyout of the former Honda team earlier this year , but Branson admitted the sport needed to change before his Virgin Group got involved .
" I think there are faults that would need to be rectified before we could go into F1 , " Branson told the BBC .
Like many other aspiring chefs , I looooove to watch the Food Network .
One of my favorite shows is called Throwdown with Bobby Flay .
The idea behind this show is that Chef Flay travels to challenge the best of the best to a culinary throwdown , where he tries to top their very best dish .
Well , you can imagine how excited this Georgia girl was to watch the episode where Chef Flay challenged the widely - recognized King of Shrimp ‘ n ’ Grits , Joe Barnett of Washington , Georgia , to a Shrimp ‘ n’ Grits cookoff !
Of course , my fellow Georgian Mr. Barnett took the prize , and here is my version of his fabulous recipe .
Holy camoly is this stuff good – the shrimp are tender and spicy , the grits are perfectly creamy and fluffy , and the sauce ?
Oh , my goodness the sauce . . .
Hold on while I drool for a moment .
. .
It ’s salty and hammy and melts around the shrimp , bringing the whole dish together .
Georgia Shrimp ‘n’ Grits
adapted from Joe Barnett ’s Recipe
3/4 lb. wild Georgia shrimp
1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning
1 1/2 teaspoons paprika
1 1/2 teaspoons Italian seasoning
Freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 cup water
1 chicken bouillon cube
1 tablespoon butter
1/2 cup quick - cooking grits
1 1/2 teaspoons tomato paste
1/2 cup heavy cream
2 ounces sharp cheddar cheese , shredded
1 tablespoon butter
1 large clove garlic , finely minced
4 teaspoons flour
1/2 cup chicken stock
1/4 cup heavy cream
1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1/4 teaspoon hot sauce
1 slice cured country ham , cooked and torn into pieces
Peel and de-vein the shrimp ( i.e. get your husband to peel and de-vein the shrimp ) .
Combine in a small bowl the Cajun seasoning , the paprika , the Italian seasoning , and the pepper .
Sprinkle the mixture over the shrimp , tossing until they are well coated .
Set aside .
Next , pour the water , the chicken bouillon , and the butter into a heavy saucepan .
Bring the mixture to a full boil .
Slowly add in the grits , and whisk constantly , cooking over medium - low heat for 5 minutes .
Add the tomato paste , the cream , and the cheddar cheese .
Continue to cook and whisk for 2 - 3 more minutes , until grits become very creamy and thick .
To quote the original recipe , “ Do n’t skimp on the butter and the cream , folks . ”
In a large skillet , melt the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter over medium heat .
Add the garlic and cook , stirring , for about 30 seconds .
Pour in the spiced shrimp and cook JUST until they are done and tender , about 2 minutes ( depending on the size of your shrimp ) .
Do not overcook or your shrimp will get rubbery .
Remove the shrimp from the pan to a clean bowl and set aside .
Return the pan to the stove .
Add the flour to the drippings , stirring to make the base of a roux .
Cook for 10 minutes until medium tan in color .
Slowly whisk in the chicken stock and the cream .
Cook for 2 minutes , then add the Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce , stirring to incorporate .
Finally , add the country ham .
Serve the shrimp on a generous bed of grits , topped with the roux sauce .
Enjoy !!
La televisora estall� contra la revista Proceso , el reportero Jenaro Villamil y la periodista de MVS Radio y CNN , al acusarlos de calumnia por publicar y comentar el texto Pe�a Nieto :
Si yo fuera presidente
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 24 de junio de 2009
Demian Magall�n | El Universal
14:00
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States has 2,532 confirmed cases of the new H1N1 swine influenza in 44 states , and three deaths , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Sunday .
On Saturday , the CDC reported 2,254 confirmed cases , with 104 people in the hospital .
Washington state health officials said on Saturday a man in his 30s with underlying heart conditions succumbed to the virus last week .
It was the first death in the state .
Although most cases appear to be mild , just as in seasonal flu the swine flu strain has killed , with 48 confirmed deaths in Mexico , three in the United States , one in Canada and one in Costa Rica .
It has moved into the southern hemisphere , where influenza season is just beginning , and could mix with circulating seasonal flu viruses or the H5N1 avian influenza virus to create new strains , health officials said .
Seizing a chance to grab the spotlight , workers at one of the key suppliers for iPhone touchscreens have taken their cause directly to Apple itself in hopes of halting what they see as abusive and illegal working conditions .
Taiwan 's National Federation of Independent Trade Unions ( NFITU ) and other area labor groups protested in front of Apple 's Taipei offices on Thursday to have the American company change Wintek 's mind on alleged but potentially controversial labor practices .
According to the Global Post , workers at the demonstration held MacBook Pros showing the word " responsibility " and detailed a litany of claimed abuses by Wintek .
The company reportedly fired 600 workers in December without giving advance notice while simultaneously cutting the pay of remaining workers and forcing them to work unpaid overtime to fulfill " rush " orders — though whether any of these were for Apple is n't stated .
Moreover , the company 's operations in mainland China are characterized as more neglectful still .
In Dongguan , Wintek is accused both of impromptu pay cuts like those at its Taiwanese headquarters as well as of of maintaining poor working conditions and retaliating against those who complain .
It illegally dismissed 19 employees after they protested circumstances just a month ago , the unions claim .
Many at the Taipei protest wore masks to prevent being identified and fired as punishment .
NFITU and the supporting groups said they took to protesting in front of Apple 's offices after months of failed attempts to earn concessions from Wintek directly .
Defending itself , Wintek tried to put the burden on Apple by insisting that it has not only obeyed regional labor laws but that it has been following the code of conduct given to it as a supplier .
On a practical level , spokeswoman Susie Lee said the firm had no choice but to cut pay and lay off workers in the midst of a worldwide economic slump .
Workers who were let go were allegedly given compensation packages , and those complaining are only trying to " harm Wintek 's reputation , " Lee said .
They may also be threatened with legal action .
Former workers , some of whom were at the protest , have already turned this argument on its head and have argued that Wintek ought to rehire now that the economy , and the company , have started recovering from the financial crash .
The complaint about Wintek is n't the first Apple has faced in China , where companies are regularly accused of overworking their staff or otherwise treating most factory employees poorly .
One of Apple 's other key suppliers , Foxconn , was criticized for sub - par worker dormitories , requiring excessive overtime and subjecting employees to a confusing pay structure as well as harsh discipline .
Under pressure from the media , Apple eventually audited Foxconn and mandated improved standards , some of which were supposedly underway before the audits began .
The waiting line for snuggles around here is ridiculous .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - A $ 1 billion proposal to build the first big U.S. offshore wind - power farm passed a key hurdle on Thursday by winning permit requirements in Massachusetts , where it faces opposition from some influential residents .
Cape Wind Associates LLC , a privately funded Boston - based energy company , has proposed constructing 130 wind turbines over 24 square miles ( 62 sq km ) in Nantucket Sound , within view of the wealthy Cape Cod resort region of Massachusetts .
The project , designed to power about 400,000 homes , won unanimous approval by the Massachusetts Energy Facilities Siting Board in a 7 - 0 vote for a “ composite certificate ” that combines nine state and local permits needed for the project .
Also known as a “ super permit , ” the certificate concludes all state and local permitting and overturns a Cape Cod Commission procedural denial of the project .
Cape Wind President Jim Gordon said Thursday ’s vote caps a seven - year state regulatory process .
“ I ’m ecstatic , ” he said after the vote .
“ It paves the way for new clean energy jobs , action on climate change and a renewable energy future for Massachusetts and the region . ”
The board , created by the state legislature , instructed Cape Wind in March to work with two towns to agree on “ reasonable and customary conditions ” for permits for burying electric cables .
The towns could sue to reverse the decision .
Gordon said the project is waiting for final approval by U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar .
The U.S. Interior Department last month issued long - delayed guidelines for leasing offshore areas for renewable energy production , opening the door to wind power generation off the coasts with projects like Cape Wind .
Salazar said on April 22 his department was ready to move forward with offshore wind development , particularly in the Atlantic Ocean , where wind power can be more easily harnessed and there is access to the electricity grid .
With U.S. President Barack Obama pledging to double renewable energy production in three years , his department has been working to increase clean energy output on public lands .
Cape Wind won a favorable environmental review in January from the Interior Department ’s Minerals Management Service , which found there would be little negative impact from the project , which would produce an average 170 megawatts .
The Obama administration will decide whether to grant final government approval .
“ We ’re waiting for the Secretary of the Interior , Ken Salazar , to issue the record of decision , ” said Gordon .
“ All we are waiting for is the record of decision and lease . ”
Opponents -- including some politicians and business leaders with homes on Cape Cod , Martha ’s Vineyard and Nantucket -- say Cape Wind ’s turbines would kill migrating birds , threaten the region ’s lucrative tourist industry and disrupt commercial fishing .
They include U.S. Senator Edward Kennedy along with some environmental groups and local fishermen .
Its supporters , including Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick and some green groups , say the project would save millions of dollars in energy costs and help the nation reduce reliance on foreign oil at a time of volatile crude prices .
Cape Wind says construction of the turbines , which would stand about 440 feet from the surface of the water to the tip of the blade , could begin by early next year with production starting in 2011 or 2012 .
U.S. government spending as a percentage of GDP is now equal to Canada 's and rising , leading one Canadian op - ed writer to crow about Canada 's low tax , free market economy .
Damn that hurts .
Hat tip to Eric Crampton at Offsetting Behaviour who blames me for the reversal .
This afternoon , groups of angry conservatives will gather on street corners and in parks across the country to protest .
They will carry signs and deliver speeches expressing outrage over the Democrats ’ stimulus bill , over entitlements , over budget pork , over taxes .
They will dump boxes of tea on the ground and wear three - cornered hats .
The leading lights of the Republican Party will be on hand to cheer them on .
But as with so much on the right , these apparent displays of populist rage are not what they will seem .
Six weeks ago , two of us ( Mark Ames and Yasha Levine ) published an investigation exposing the nascent “ Tea Party ” protest movement for what it really is : a carefully planned AstroTurf ( or “ fake grassroots ” ) lobby campaign hatched and orchestrated by the conservative advocacy organization FreedomWorks .
Within days , pieces of the scam had crumbled , exposing a small group of right - wing think tanks and shady nonprofits at its core .
The Tea Party movement was born on Feb. 19 with a now - famous rant by second - string CNBC correspondent Rick Santelli , who called for a “ Chicago Tea Party ” in protest of President Barack Obama ’s plans to help distressed American homeowners .
Santelli ’s call blazed through the blogosphere , greased along by a number of FreedomWorks - funded blogs , propelling him to the status of a 21st century Samuel Adams — a leader and symbol of disenfranchised Americans suffering under big - government oppression and mismanagement of the economy .
That same day , a nationwide “ Tea Party ” protest movement mysteriously materialized on the Internet .
A whole ring of Web sites came online within hours of Santelli ’s rant , like sleeper - cell blogs waiting for the trigger to act , all claiming to have been inspired by Santelli ’s allegedly impromptu outburst .
At first glance , the sites appeared to be unconnected and unplanned .
But many were suspiciously well designed and strangely on point with their “ nonpartisan ” and “ grassroots ” statements .
It was as if all of them were reading from the same script .
The Web sites heavily linked to each other , spreading their mission with help of Facebook and Twitter feeds .
FreedomWorks , as if picking up on rumblings coming from the depths of the conservative netroots , linked to them , too .
But as our investigation showed , the key players in the Tea Party Web ring were no amateurs , but rather experienced Republican operatives with deep connections to FreedomWorks and other fake grassroots campaigns pushing pro-big - business interests .
FreedomWorks has a long history of using such campaigns .
Founded in 2004 by Dick Armey , the former Republican House Majority Leader and lobbyist from Texas , and publishing titan Steve Forbes , FreedomWorks represented the consolidation and rebranding of two older think tanks , Citizens for a Sound Economy , founded by the notorious Koch family , and Empower America , a powerful lobbying firm that has battled health care reform and minimum - wage bills while championing deregulation , corporate tax cuts and whatever else their corporate clients desire .
The idea was to bring these two dinosaurs into the Internet age so they could compete with the newly created MoveOn.org .
Dick Armey goes grassroots with two tax - free money honeys in Arizona
FreedomWorks got caught AstroTurfing their sponsors ’ agendas almost as soon as the group was formed .
In 2005 , when President George W. Bush was trying to get the public to go along with his plans for handing Social Security over to Wall Street bankers , the New York Times revealed that a “ regular single mom ” paraded by Bush ’s White House in its PR campaign was in fact FreedomWorks ’
Iowa state director .
Last year , the the Wall Street Journal exposed FreedomWorks ’ role in sponsoring AngryRenter.com , a site designed to imitate an amateur blog with a plutocrat ’s agenda : to shoot down a $ 300 billion bill meant to help distressed American homeowners .
Freedomworks and its clients understood that if the superwealthy Republicans who opposed the bill were fronting the campaign , it would n’t fly with regular Americans buckling under the housing crisis , so they set up Angryrenter.com to give the impression that millions of ordinary Americans were the ones opposing it .
The bill passed , but AngryRenter.com served as a warm - up exercise for the Tea Party movement .
The Tea Party improved on the AngryRenter.com model by diversifying its AstroTurf assets .
Rather than put all its efforts into one vulnerable strategic entity , FreedomWorks distributed its campaign across a network of smaller , seemingly independent blogs and sites .
If one was outed as a fake , the rest of the machine could deny affiliation and survive .
But what reeked of AstroTurfing on the Internet also reeked on the street , when protests hit over 30 cities across the country on Feb. 27 .
In Santa Monica , Calif. , the crowd was no bigger than the kind that mills around taco trucks at lunch hour .
Other locations reported the same pathetic tally .
In Cobb County , Ga. , which should have been teeming with outraged freedom - loving , small - government activists , turnout was only marginally better .
It was clear that this grassroots movement was meant as a TV - only event .
In the following days , as our article generated controversy about who really backed the Tea Party , FreedomWorks came clean and admitted to staging the whole thing .
Santelli , the movement ’s own larger - than - life hero , published a lawyer - crafted statement on CNBC ’s site renouncing his role in the rebellion and throwing himself at the feet of Obama .
It was a crushing and humiliating blow to see the movement ’s leader buckle so quickly , as if Adams had rushed to King George ’s palace , three - pointed - hat in hand , and threw himself at the monarch ’s mercy .
To add to the humiliation , Santelli ’s appearance on the Daily Show was canceled , and his employer , CNBC , soon became the laughingstock of the American network TV world .
The Tea Party movement seemed like it was dead in the water .
But what seemed to be another failed FreedomWorks project came back one month later with a vengeance .
For some time now , Bill O'Reilly has been so desperate to prove that the Bush administration 's use of extreme tactics in the " war on terror " -- including torturing detainees and killing civilians -- that he 's even been willing to smear the memories of American veterans of World War II to make that point .
Last night on his Fox News show , he added Winston Churchill to the list of smear victims .
We all remember the Malmedy smear , for which O'Reilly has never either apologized or corrected the record :
In Malmedy , as you know , U.S. forces captured S.S. forces who had their hands in the air and were unarmed and they shot them dead , you know that .
That 's on the record .
And documented . "
O'Reilly in fact had it completely reversed :
At Malmedy , it was American troops who were massacred by SS guards , not the other way around .
Not only did O'Reilly never correct the insulting gaffe , a year later he repeated it :
In Malmedy , as you know , U.S. forces captured SS forces who had their hands in the air , and they were unarmed , and they shot them down .
You know that .
That ’s on the record , been documented .
In Iwo Jima , the same thing occurred .
Japanese attempted to surrender , and they were burned in their caves .
As Robert Parry observes :
O’Reilly also engages in historical revisionism with his explanation that the small number of Japanese POWs at Iwo Jima and other Pacific battles is proof that U.S. Marines committed systematic murder .
According to most historical accounts , the Americans wanted the Japanese soldiers to surrender but they chose to fight to the death .
So last night he wandered into the same waters , claiming that Winston Churchill was likely a war criminal under the standards " the far left " wants to impose on the Bush administration .
What started all this was President Obama citing Winston Churchill 's views on torture :
O'Reilly :
And since then , the Factor has been investigating Winston Churchill 's position on waging war and interrogating the enemy .
Via Boston University professor Cathal Nolan , we have found out the following : Churchill actually wanted to use poison gas on the Germans in violation of the Geneva Convention , but was stopped by the British War Cabinet .
The Royal Air Force killed hundreds of thousands , perhaps millions of civilians by targeting non-military sites .
And the British operated a number of military interrogation centers during and after World War II , including one called the " London Cage , " where German prisoners were beaten , deprived of sleep , and threatened with death .
Another center was opened in Bad Nenndorf on German soil after Churchill left power .
It was almost like a concentration camp .
British government documents detailed terrible torture inflicted on the Germans .
Some of the inmates were branded human skeletons .
Well , is O'Reilly right ?
Er , as you might expect given his track record -- No .
It 's not as egregious a smear as the Malmedy / Iwo Jima claims , but close .
Let 's run through these :
-- Yes , the RAF targeted civilian areas .
So did the United States -- see , most notoriously , not just Hiroshima and Nagasaki , but also the firebombings of Kobe , Osaka , Nagoya , and Tokyo , which actually resulted in more civilian casualties .
Yet the fact is that this is not a war crime .
Is Bill O'Reilly suggesting that it is -- and that American troops , by extension , are also war criminals ?
Need we even mention the word " Vietnam " in the context of this matter ?
-- Was Churchill responsible for the " London Cage " abuses ?
Probably not .
ABC 's Political Punch has a reasonably good rundown , duly noting that President Obama 's Churchill quote that sparked this O'Reilly rant was probably overdrawn .
As for Churchill 's war - crimes culpability , there 's this :
" We do n't know what detail he knew about what was happening in interrogation centers , " Cobain said .
" Clearly , he would have known there were interrogation centers .
There 's no evidence that Churchill knew that people were being tortured there .
And of course , Churchill was himself a prisoner of war , and during the Boer War , and wrote at length about his horror of war and his horror of imprisonment . "
-- What about Bad Nenndorf ?
Well , first : Churchill had no responsibility for it .
Second :
It was in fact widely viewed as criminal , and was dealt with as such : " Four of the camp 's officers were brought before courts - martial in 1948 and one of the four was convicted on charges of neglect . "
Indeed , Churchill after the war penned this observation in response to the Bad Nenndorff scandal :
" The use of instruments of torture can never be regarded by any decent person as synonymous with justice . "
In other words , O'Reilly is smearing yet another hero of World War II just so he can claim that it was OK for Bush to create a torture regime because hey , Churchill did it too .
Andrew Sullivan and Christopher Hitchens have more .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
The winning team in TV quiz University Challenge is being investigated after it emerged one member was no longer a student .
Sam Kay said he was studying chemistry at Corpus Christi College , Oxford - but in fact he graduated in June last year .
The four - strong team was led by " human Google " Gail Trimble , whose vast general knowledge stunned even host Jeremy Paxman .
Trimble and three colleagues went on to beat Manchester University in last week 's final .
But Kay , who had left university , introduced himself in later rounds of the BBC2 programme by saying : " Sam Kay from Frimley in Surrey and I 'm studying chemistry . "
In reality he was working for accounting firm Pricewaterhouse - Coopers in Reading after failing to get funding for a PhD .
Kay played a major part in the team 's win , correctly answering questions on chemistry .
The BBC has launched an inquiry after Kay 's student status was questioned .
A BBC spokesman said : " We understand the allegations made and are taking this issue seriously .
" However , we do n't have time to investigate fully so will do so and report our findings early next week . "
The Manchester University team has now demanded a re-run of the quiz show .
One of its members , Henry Pertinez , said : " I can't believe they had a guy working for a company on their team . "
Meanwhile , it has emerged that University Challenge brainbox Trimble - who has become famous because of her vast knowledge - has turned down a five - figure sum to become the face of Hyundai 's new " intelligent " car .
Millions watched Gail answer more questions than any other contestant in the show 's history , leading her team to victory .
But last night it was revealed the 26 - year - old turned down the approach from the car giant .
It offered her thousands of pounds as well as a brand new car to front its campaign for the new i30 intelligent hatchback car .
A spokesman said : " We wanted to celebrate her intellect and champion Britain 's intelligence .
" We thought she was perfect to be the face of our new campaign for our intelligent car . "
He added : " It 's a brave person who turns down such a lucrative opportunity given the current financial climate .
" But you ca n't help but admire her integrity . "
Miss Trimble has also turned down the chance to appear in a glamour photoshoot for a lads ' mag .
She said of her time on University Challenge : " I want to be an academic - this has just been a bit of fun . "
The postgraduate classics student grew up in Walton - on - Thames and went to Lady Eleanor Holles school in Hampton , Middlesex .
The explorer who refuses to grow old
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Andrew North
BBC News , Everest Base Camp
People are not growing old like they used to .
The veteran explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes is proof of that , after becoming the oldest Briton to summit Mount Everest , at the age of 65 .
It also makes him the first man to have crossed both polar ice caps as well as climbing the highest mountain on Earth .
Even after a lifetime of exploration and endurance feats , it is an astonishing feat .
The man who has become known as the world 's greatest living explorer also had to overcome heart problems - he had a heart attack near the summit on his first attempt on the peak in 2005 .
Exhaustion forced him to turn back when he tried to climb it again last year .
But Fiennes , who has suffered severe frostbite on most of his limbs , is someone who just does not give up .
Polar explorer " Plod forever , but never believe you are going to get there . "
That is how he described his strategy for getting to the summit just before leaving base camp .
Sir Ranulph Fiennes made his name as a polar explorer
Over nearly 40 years of expeditions from the polar ice caps to the deserts , one of his defining characteristics has been his bull - headed determination - usually coupled with a dry , British self - deprecating humour .
Ran - as everyone knows him here - has been spending part of his time at base camp writing his 19th book - about which he will only reveal the title : " Mad Dogs and Englishmen " Sir Ranulph Twisleton - Wykeham - Fiennes , 3rd baronet - to give him his full name - made his name as a polar explorer .
To end up back in this country without an expedition on the horizon is a deadly state of affairs
Sir Ranulph Fiennes
Fiennes climbs to Everest summit
How to climb Mount Everest Naturally competitive and patriotic , he saw more exploration " firsts " to achieve in the Arctic and Antarctic than other parts of the world .
Among those records : making the first unaided crossing of the Antarctic continent in 1993 .
He and expedition partner Dr Mike Stroud dragged 450 - pound sledges with their supplies for 90 days across the ice , covering more than 1,300 miles before encroaching starvation forced them to stop .
Ten years earlier , he made the first ever journey round the world crossing through both the North and South poles , travelling for almost four years on sea and land .
Marathon feat During an attempt to reach the North Pole unaided in 2000 , he lost most of the fingers on his left hand to frostbite .
It was Fiennes himself who carried out the amputations - when he got home , using his vice and a fretsaw .
It was not the first time some questioned his sanity .
But Fiennes enjoys his sometimes eccentric reputation .
" It saved me money , " was his response .
Other endurance feats include running seven marathons on seven continents in seven days in 2003 , just months after recovering from his first heart attack .
It would have been " more stressful " and bad for his health if he did not do things like that , he said before setting off .
Fiennes was born in 1944 to a family which traces its roots back to the invading army of William Conqueror .
His army officer father died before his birth .
Fiennes grew up in South Africa and was then sent to Eton .
But an occasional nose for trouble ended his own military career prematurely .
Army expedition Just months after being accepted into the SAS , he was thrown out after getting involved in a prank to disrupt a film crew in his local village .
He was given an assignment helping the British - allied Sultan of Oman 's army fight insurgents , for which he was decorated for bravery .
Mount Everest is the world 's highest mountain
Then came an offer to lead an army expedition along Canada 's river Yukon , which set his future .
His late wife Ginny was the organiser , a role in which she continued - coming up with the ideas for many of his more celebrated achievements .
And so it continued , with Fiennes gradually earning more from writing and talking about his exploits , as his fame grew .
He was devastated by Ginny 's death in 2004 from cancer .
Since then most of his fundraising efforts have been for the cancer charity Marie Curie .
Through his expeditions , he has raised more than £ 10 m for good causes .
When asked why he keeps putting himself through so much , he can seem uncomfortable .
" To make a living , " is a common answer , as if he does an average nine - to - five job .
But speaking to us before leaving for Nepal , he said he could not imagine life any other way - even now that he is a pensioner and has a three year - old daughter by his second wife Louise .
Challenging himself is a " kind of addiction " he admitted .
" To end up back in this country without an expedition on the horizon is a deadly state of affairs , " he said .
" It 's like having no cigarette packet if you are a smoker . "
Even before he left for Nepal , he was already planning his next adventure .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Walcott , who had been the leading candidate for the job which is regarded as one of the most influential in UK poetry behind that of the laureateship , withdrew from the race following an anonymous letter campaign against him .
© DOE / Brookhaven National Laboratory
The cocaine users had reduced activity in a portion of the anterior cingulate cortex that usually becomes more active ( compared to a passive baseline ) when monitoring behavior .
Activity levels were lowest during the least " interesting , " or salient , version of the test - when there was no monetary reward and the words shown were neutral household terms .
Within the cocaine - user group , activity levels were lowest in the people who had used cocaine most frequently in the 30 days prior to the test .
The cocaine users also had reduced activity in another part of the anterior cingulate cortex that usually becomes less active ( compared to a passive baseline ) when someone is successfully suppressing emotional feelings .
Within the cocaine - user group , activity levels during the high - salience version of the test - when each fast , correct answer was rewarded with 50 cents and the words presented were drug - related - were lowest in the people who were most successful in suppressing the task - induced craving .
In healthy controls , who did not report craving , activation in this region was not significantly different from baseline .
The functions within the behavior - monitoring and emotion - monitoring brain regions were interconnected in the healthy control subjects but not in the addicted individuals .
In all , these group differences in brain function and interconnectivity were quite robust and all the more meaningful in that there were no differences between the groups in performance on or interest ratings for the task .
Parts of the brain involved in monitoring behaviors and emotions show different levels of activity in cocaine users relative to non-drug users , even when both groups perform equally well on a psychological test .
These results - from a brain - imaging study conducted at the U.S. Department of Energy 's Brookhaven National Laboratory and published online the week of May 25 , 2009 , by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences - suggest that such impairments may underlie addictive vulnerability , and that treatments aimed at improving these functions could help addicted individuals resist drugs .
" Many studies have found decreased brain activity in drug - addicted individuals relative to healthy control subjects during psychological tests , " said lead author Rita Goldstein , a psychologist at Brookhaven Lab .
" But it 's never been clear if these differences were due to varying levels of interest or ability between the two groups .
This is the first study to look at two groups matched for performance and interest - and we still see dramatic differences in the brain regions that play a very significant role in the ability to monitor behavior and regulate emotion , which are both important to resisting drug use .
" Whether these brain differences are an underlying cause or a consequence of addiction , the brain regions involved should be considered targets for new kinds of treatments aimed at improving function and self - regulatory control , " Goldstein said .
The researchers studied 17 active cocaine users and 17 demographically matched healthy control subjects .
Both groups were trained to push one of four colored buttons corresponding to the color of type used to present words that were either related to drug use ( e.g. , crack , addict ) or neutral household terms .
Subjects were given monetary rewards for fast , accurate performance - up to 50 cents for each correct answer on some tests , for a maximum of $ 75 .
After training , both groups performed equally well on this same test while lying in a magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) scanner , with performance improving when they knew they'd be earning the highest monetary reward .
During the tests , the scientists used functional MRI ( fMRI ) to indirectly measure the amount of oxygen being used by specific regions of the brain , as an indicator of brain activity in those regions .
There were three main differences between the cocaine - addicted subjects and the healthy controls :
" When you really have to suppress a powerful negative emotion , like sadness , anxiety or drug craving , activity in this brain region is supposed to decrease , possibly to tune out the background ' noise ' of these emotions so you can focus on the task at hand , " Goldstein said .
" Our results show that activity in this region indeed went down in the drug - using group , suggesting they were actively trying to suppress craving .
Indeed subjects who reported the highest levels of task - induced craving were the least able to suppress activity in this particular brain region .
" This could be because these drug users were still being distracted by background ' noise ' stimuli , like memories of having taken drugs or anticipation of further use , " Goldstein said .
" This work gives us some clues as to what happens when drug users are unable to suppress craving - and how that might work together with a decreased ability to monitor behavior , even during neutral , non-emotional situations , to make some people more vulnerable to taking drugs , " Goldstein said .
The findings point to the importance of improving activity in the behavior - monitoring brain region , possibly by using behavioral and pharmacological approaches to increase motivation and top - down monitoring .
Treatments aimed at strengthening activity in the emotion - monitoring brain region may further help addicted individuals regain self - control , especially during hard to suppress highly emotional situations ( e.g. , during craving ) .
Treatments aimed at strengthening the interconnectivity between these brain regions may decrease impulsivity .
This study was supported by grants from the National Institute on Drug Abuse and the General Clinical Research Center of Stony Brook University .
U.S. President Barack Obama makes a statement about North Korea in the Rose Garden at the White House in Washington on Monday .
( ( Charles Dharapak / Associated Press ) )
The UN Security Council unanimously condemned North Korea 's latest nuclear test on Monday as a clear violation of a resolution issued following Pyongyang 's first atomic test in 2006 .
The statement emerging from the 15 - member council 's emergency meeting in New York came after U.S. President Barack Obama urged the international community to " stand up to " North Korea and demand it abandon its nuclear program .
The Security Council statement said members would start work on a new resolution condemning Monday morning 's test , which sparked immediate condemnation by world leaders as a threat to international security and in blatant defiance of international law .
The Security Council statement echoed comments earlier Monday by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , who said he " strongly deplores " the latest test as a " clear and grave " violation of past resolutions .
Other world leaders were just as quick to condemn the move .
Obama said the nuclear test and the subsequent firing of three short - range missiles " pose a grave threat to the peace and security of the world and I strongly condemn [ North Korea 's ] reckless action . "
" North Korea will not find security and respect through threats and illegal weapons , " the president told reporters on Monday morning in Washington .
" We will work with our friends and allies to stand up to this behavior .
The United States will never waver from our determination to protect our people and the peace and security of the world . "
In Ottawa , Prime Minister Stephen Harper issued a statement condemning the test as reckless and provocative .
" North Korea 's aggressive weapons programs represent a grave threat to international security , and are specifically troubling for stability in Northeast Asia , " he said .
" We hope all international actors will join in denouncing the North Korean regime 's nuclear test and its recent ballistic missile launch , " Harper added .
Similar size to Hiroshima bomb
A South Korean official explains about the seismic wave after North Korea 's apparent nuclear test .
( ( Yonhap / Lee Sang - hak / Associated Press ) )
North Korea 's official KCNA news agency reported Monday that scientists had successfully conducted an underground nuclear test .
It 's the second successful test since 2006 .
Russia 's Defence Ministry later confirmed that a test occurred about 80 kilometres northwest of the city of Kilchu and estimated its yield at 10 to 20 kilotons , a size comparable to the bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of the Second World War .
Some have speculated that the bold moves might be more aimed at consolidating domestic power than sending an international message .
" The fact that North Korea is undertaking this nuclear test amid great economic and political turmoil might be a sign that North Korea is trying to escape from some kind of internal difficulty , " former Russian president Mikhail Gorbachev said during a visit to Seoul .
The U.S. State Department is still analyzing data from the alleged nuclear test .
But the U.S. Geological Survey confirmed that a seismic event took place at about 9:50 a.m. local time in the northeast area of North Korea that was consistent with a test .
The Japan Meteorological Agency also measured the seismic activity at magnitude 5.3 .
Meanwhile , the Korea Institute of Geoscience and Mineral Resources in Seoul reported seismic activity in Kilju in North Hamgyong Province , the same area where North Korea carried out a nuclear test in October 2006 .
Later in the day , North Korea reportedly launched the three short - range missiles .
China ' resolutely opposed ' to test
South Korean protesters shout slogans during a rally Monday in Seoul , South Korea , against North Korea 's apparent nuclear test .
( ( Lee Jin-man / Associated Press ) ) North Korea has been under UN sanctions that bar it from nuclear and ballistic activity since its first atomic test in 2006 .
In a written statement , China , the North 's closest ally , also said it is " resolutely opposed " to the nuclear weapons test and urged North Korea to return to the six - nation process aimed at dismantling its nuclear program .
South Korea called the test a threat to world peace .
" We are seriously concerned about North Korea 's second test of a nuclear device , " said South Korean Foreign Minister Yu Myung - hwan .
" It 's a direct threat against the peace and stability in the region as well as the world . "
Pyongyang has been engaged in years of on - off negotiations , which have been pressing the impoverished state to give up its nuclear ambitions in return for massive aid and an end to the country 's pariah status .
North Korea announced in April that it was withdrawing from the six -nation disarmament talks and said it would restore partly disabled nuclear facilities .
Some analysts said Monday 's test reflected North Korea 's defiance in the face of criticism that it had launched a long - range rocket from a base on the country 's northeast coast .
North Korea said that was not a missile test , but a satellite launch .
Analysts believe North Korea has enough weaponized plutonium for at least six atomic bombs .
However , experts say scientists have not yet mastered the miniaturization needed to mount a nuclear device onto a long - range missile .
Ashleygh , our new offyce assystant started today and she ’s off to a roaryng start , sytting through our entyre post - lunch story dyscussyon – and doing a fyne job of feygnyng ynterest throughout .
About twenty mynutes yn , she got up and Y immedyately put her on the spot by askyng : “ Where do you thynk you ’re goyng ? ” .
Not only dyd she assure me she ’d be back , but she actually DYD return fyve mynutes later .
“ You do n’t have to styck around , ” Lawren ynformed her .
“ No , Y do n’t mynd , ” she sayd as she retook her seat .
“ Y fynd thys ynterestyng . ”
“ Also , ” Y poynted out , “ you forgot your sweater . ”
Y could just ymagyne her halfway down the corrydor thynking she was home free untyl realyzing : “ Aw , shyt !
My sweater ’s styll back there !
Now Y HAVE to go back ! ”
Carl was quyck to explayn that , whyle she was free to joyn us , she should n’t feel oblygated .
Sytting there wyth us , sufferyng our endless prattle , was n‘t part her job descryptyon .
Y was , of course , just as quyck to poynt out that MY job descryptyon , on the other hand , requyred me to call her out and make her feel as uncomfortable as possyble on a semy - regular basys .
Lyke poyntyng out she probably only came back because she feared we would go through her pockets .
Anyway , as lunch was wrappyng up , Rob started pytchyng the new endyng for hys epysode , Tyme , goyng over the story yn great detayl and workyng up to the byg pay - off .
“ Yt ’s pretty radycal , ” he assured us yn the build - up .
“ Really , ” Y asked .
“ Wyll it blow my mynd ? ”
“ Actually , yt wyll , ” was hys response .
And , you know what ?
Yt did !
Holy shyt !
Thys ys going to be a terryfyc epysode !
Brad then pytched out hys revysed notion for an ydea he ’s been battyng around for a whyle now .
A great premyse wyth an yntryguing mystery at yts core , a wonderful opportunyty for one of our characters , all wrapped up in a an ultymately touchyng theme .
Much later , the topyc of conversation turned to the nature of language and , specyfycally alyen languages and our abylyty – or , as Paul argued , ynabylyty – to understand them .
He poynted out that , hystorycally , our success yn translatyng languages has stemmed from the fact that we ’ve operated from a posytyon of symylaryty , drawyng on lyke elements to buyld and decypher .
Yn the case of an alyen language however , we ’d be denyed any such connectyons and , as a result , the task would prove sygnyficantly more dauntyng – agayn , Paul would argue , ympossyble .
Anyway , tomorrow , we ’ll be shyftyng from the Destyny set over to Stage 4 .
Fun wyth James , Wray , Tamara , Chloe , Franklyn , Tush , and Ely .
And , yf rumor ys to be belyeved , notes on my fyrst draft of the myd - season two - parter !
Mailbag :
Amac251 writes : “ Joe , What do you think of SciFi ’s name change for the network ? ”
Answer : Really ?
Y was n’t aware .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Reddit
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
David Hyde Pierce who starred on the popular television series Frasier and in multiple shows on Broadway , discussed Prop 8 on the View yesterday , telling the California Supreme Court that his marriage to his partner of 25 years was none of their business .
Watch :
It ’s nice to see a celebrity with fire in the belly as to the injustices of the Prop 8 , instead of the sugar - coating we so often see .
Post by ILO on 05/29/09 at 11:59 am
Alandis Ford 's mother , Tosha , thought she was being a good mom when she bought him a little toy cowboy gun at Wal - Mart .
Alandis
Ford thought he was being a good student when he brought the toy to school while they were studying the Civil War .
The Newton County , Georgia police thought they were taking down a rabid terrorist who was going to do horrible things when they arrested and fingerprinted Alanis .
" It kind of reminded me of the [ soldiers ' ] guns that I was studying , " Alandis told WXIA .
" Because I had brought pictures home of the gun and stuff , and that gun that I had reminded me of the revolver .
" Tosha said that on Wednesday afternoon , Newton County sheriff 's deputies went to their home .
They asked Alandis for his gun , and when he showed it to them , demanded the " real gun . "
Tosha says they then called him a liar , booked him , and fingerprinted him .
He was charged with possessing a weapon on school property and with terroristic acts and threats .
Lt. Mark Mitchell told WXIA that Alandis had threatened other kids on the bus and in his neighborhood .
Alandis denies this .
Alandis said he was on the school bus on Tuesday , when he dug into his bookbag to get his phone out .
Alandis said , " The boy beside me , he reached in my bookbag and got it [ the toy gun ] and started telling everybody , ' He 's got a gun , he 's got a gun , ' and spread it around the whole bus .
So I put it back in my bookbag . "
The bus driver completely missed what was going on , and never confiscated it .
The next day , Alandis went to another friend 's house , and brought the toy gun .
The friend , who had never seen a real gun , freaked out , and called 911 .
Alandis said the boy thought it was real , and worried Alandis might shoot it .
" The 911 call that we received was that a 10 - year - old male was outside of a residence with a gun threatening to shoot another child , " said Mitchell , in his best cop - talk voice .
Mitchell also said investigators realized Alandis ' only gun was the toy one , but that they felt totally justified in possibly ruining his life because blah blah blah safety blah blah blah mindless adherence to the rules .
"
In this day and time , we do not take anything lightly , whether it 's a toy gun or a real weapon , for the safety of the kids and everyone involved , the safety of the school .
That 's our main concern .
" But is that an unusual overreaction ?
Not at all .
At least not for Newton County .
Sherri Viniard , the PR director for the Newton County schools , emailed 11 Alive the following statement : " Student safety is our primary concern , and although this was a toy gun , it is still a very serious offense and it is a violation of school rules .
We will not tolerate weapons of any kind on school property .
" So Alandis has been suspend indefinitely , had his first hearing in juvenile court , and is in trouble with his mom .
It 's not hopeless for the kid , however , as Tosha said Alandis ' caseworker is going to recommend probation rather than detention .
And his suspension may turn into 10 days , rather than expulsion .
But despite all the stupidity and overreaction , Alandis still wants to be a police officer when he grows up .
( This is the point of the story where you go ' awww ' and start mumbling something about hay fever making your eyes water . )
"
You know , he 's a 10 - year - old little boy who wants to be a police officer , " Tosha said .
They play with " little walky - talkies and stuff , because they like to play police and recon . " ---
The letter , addressed to Sri Lanka 's president , Mahinda Rajapakse , and signed by foreign ministers David Miliband and Bernard Kouchner , warned that " there have been a number of reports that your security forces have not lived up to these commitments . "
It added : " We urge you again to stop the use of such weapons , to accept a humanitarian truce in order to find a way to get humanitarian assistance to the many civilians still in the conflict zone . "
DL Hughley : GOP convention ' looked like Nazi Germany ' David Edwards
Published : Monday March 2 , 2009
Print This Email This CNN's D.L. Hughley talked to Chuck D and RNC Chairman Michael Steele about the Republican Party 's attempts to gain popularity in the black community .
During the interview Hughley chided Steele , who seemed to be making amends for his party .
Instead , the host opined that CPAC , a recent conservative conference , " looked like Nazi Germany . "
Steele tried to establish his credibility with Chuck D by referencing the neighborhood where he grew up .
" And what struck me about hip - hop as a genre , as music , as whatever you want to call it , a culture , was the fact that you have guys like yourself who come out of the projects , come off the street , " said Steele .
" Myself , I grew up on Eighth Street in DC .
That 's a whole different world from where I am right now . "
Chuck D offered a quick correction .
" I grew up in Roosevelt , Long Island , " he said .
" It 's not the projects .
It 's where black people live . "
Hughley confronted Steele on the Republican 's implementation of their big tent philosophy .
" Well , Michael , I agree .
I 'm telling you , if it were the sign alone -- in other words , the tenets of the Republican Party are amazing and they seem warm and welcome .
But when I watch it be applied -- like you did n't have to go much further than the Republican National Convention . "
" Agreed , " replied Steele .
" It literally look like Nazi Germany .
It literally did .
I make that point , not only are we not welcome -- not only are we not welcome , but they do n't even care what we think , " explained Hughley .
In the same interview , Steele criticized Republican talk show host Rush Limbauch , calling him an " entertainer " and triggering a sharp response from the pundit .
Steele apologized to Limbaugh on Monday night .
This video is from CNN's D.L. Hughley Breaks the News , broadcast Feb. 28 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
This story is updated from it 's original version .
Stephen C. Webster contributed to this report .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
section = politica nombre = impresa.politica
Francia se dice profundamente decepcionada por el caso Cassez Florence Cassez Foto Alfredo Domínguez / Archivo Estoy aniquilada , 60 años en México equivalen a la muerte , expresa la ciudadana gala
En conferencia de prensa telefónica con periodistas de su país considera haber sido traicionada por el presidente Calderón
Su abogado señala que el mandatario usa electoralmente el asunto
Los Zodiaco , banda que dio origen a otros cuatro grupos de secuestradores La defensa en México de la francesa podría acudir a la CIDH
Desafortunado , electorero y tardío , el anuncio de Calderón sobre Cassez : partidos opositores
El senador panista Madero respalda al mandatario ; Manlio Fabio Beltrones coincide con él La posición del gobierno de México en este caso es la que se esperaba , señala Marcelo Ebrard
Inicia funciones órgano para cateos y arraigos También autorizará intervenciones telefónicas
Renuncia comandante judicial de QR tras el asesinato de un inspector de Migración Desmantela el Ejército un narcolaboratorio en NL ; decomisos de armas y droga en otros estados La ola violenta del crimen organizado dejó ayer 20 ejecuciones ; 10 ocurrieron en Chihuahua
Para perseguir a delincuentes no se pide permiso : Calderón Exige que los estados , en vez de reclamar por las acciones , colaboren
Pone de ejemplo de adhesión a la administración del panista Marco Adame
Al gobierno no le dio resultado involucrar a Godoy en actividades ilícitas : Ortega Gómez Mont ratificó que no es investigado el mandatario estatal , dice
Bajo proceso , la pareja que robó a recién nacido
En una bolsa lo sacaron del Hospital General
Muere la madre de Elba Esther Gordillo Personajes de todos los ámbitos acudieron al velorio fuertemente custodiado
Era un honor sin igual asistir al cumpleaños de Zoila Estela Morales Como su hija , fue maestra rural en Chiapas y enviudó muy joven
Calderón está atrás de la demanda del IMSS contra el gobierno de Sonora : Bours La PGR protege a responsables del Seguro Social , entre ellos el director y su antecesor
No es momento de tapar hechos , reclama Gómez Mont a Bours Exige deslindar responsabilidades de funcionarios de Sonora Llama al diálogo ; el incendio inició en la bodega de Finanzas , insiste
Debe indagarse a funcionarios de alto nivel
El coordinador de los senadores del PAN , Gustavo Madero , advirtió que la investigación sobre el incendio de la guardería ABC , por el que han fallecido 47 niños , debe llegar a todos los niveles .
No sólo debe indagarse a funcionarios del gobierno del estado , sino a todos los que tengan responsabilidades , sin importar si son municipales , estatales o federales .
Criticó las expresiones del mandatario de Sonora , Eduardo Bours , de que el Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social trata de poner una cortina de humo :
Son muy desafortunadas , porque se trata de una tragedia en una bodega del gobierno del estado .
Continuar
AMLO acusa a Televisa de ser enemiga de la libertad Denuncia en una carta la actitud parcial de esa empresa Impiden el acceso del tabasqueño a la recepción de la televisora
La exculpación de Sodi , peligroso antecedente : PRD La triquiñuela podría repetirse en 2012
Rechazan ser funcionarios de casilla 204 mil 763 ciudadanos Fueron requeridos casi un millón ; unos 30 mil saldrán de viaje
AMLO no se irá del PRD : Muñoz Ledo Chilpancingo , Gro. , 23 de junio .
Al advertir que Andrés Manuel López Obrador no saldrá del PRD , pues ahí está 80 por ciento de su militancia , el dirigente del Frente Amplio Opositor , Porfirio Muñoz Ledo , anunció la formación del Frente Parlamentario Progresista , con diputados de PRD , PT y Convergencia , para encarar la embestida de los chuchos , que se aliaron con el PRI y la derecha para impedir la creación de un partido previsto para 2012 .
Entrevistado en la Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero ( UAG ) tras la presentación de su libro
La ruptura que viene , sostuvo que López Obrador sabe que en Guerrero hay condiciones para que en las elecciones de julio se llame a los militantes a ejercer el voto útil apoyando al candidato más fuerte en cada distrito , como es el caso del abanderado de Convergencia , Luis Walton , en el distrito 04 de Acapulco .
Muñoz Ledo culpó al líder del PRD , Jesús Ortega , y en general a los chuchos , de que no haya prosperado una coalición : prefirieron hacer cochupo con el PRI y AN , para impedir la creación de un partido .
Por eso , insistió , si expulsan a Andrés Manuel del PRD , nos van hacer un gran favor por adelantar los tiempos .
Pero que les quede claro : se van a quedar con el amarillo y el cascarón , porque 80 por ciento de la militancia se vendrá con él , concluyó .
Continuar
Asignan uso de radio y tv para los días de veda El Consejo General del IFE aprobó anoche el uso del tiempo oficial en los días de veda proselitista ( 2 al 5 de julio ) , cuando multiplicarán sus mensajes los organismos electorales federal y locales .
Continuar
Advierte John Ackerman sobre posible contrarreforma a la legislación electoral Las autoridades sabotean la ley al no aplicar nuevas medidas , señala el investigador
Exigen a Gordillo sacar las manos de elecciones
Pone en riesgo fondos del SNTE : maestros
Se modificarán ambigüedades en la reforma electoral : Senado
No habrá marcha atrás en normas que garantizan equidad , acota
Amplía AN la pobreza en el país : priístas
El país demanda con urgencia una política social de Estado , transexenal y que no esté sujeta a los caprichos de partidos y políticos , para cerrar la brecha de desigualdad y pobreza que han ampliado los gobiernos panistas , advirtieron dirigentes del PRI , al señalar que en los pasados ocho años los precios de la canasta básica se han disparado en 145 por ciento , casi en la misma proporción que los salarios de los altos funcionarios de los gobiernos de Vicente Fox y Felipe Calderón .
Continuar
No encuentran la Isla Bermeja Investigación de la UNAM no logra ubicarla en las coordenadas dadas
Es el punto de referencia para la partición de los recursos petroleros entre México y Estados Unidos en las aguas del Golfo de México
Aportan obra plástica en apoyo a mineros
Tras señalar que es muy triste asistir al espectáculo del país que se desmorona día con día y la inmensa disfuncionalidad de los que ejercen el poder , el Comité Nacional de Apoyo y Solidaridad con las Huelgas de Cananea , Sombrerete y Taxco , integrado por intelectuales , artistas plásticos , legisladores , y organizaciones sindicales y civiles , presentó una carpeta de 12 grabados con el tema de Cananea , cuya venta se destinará a los trabajadores en huelga .
Continuar
La SCJN emite fallo que la obliga a pagar el impuesto sobre nómina Aguirre Anguiano argumenta que no deberían contribuir , pues realizan un servicio gratuito
El debate , que también afecta a la Judicatura , se resolvió con una votación dividida de 7 a 2
El DF , el más beneficiado
El impuesto sobre nóminas se aplica prácticamente en todos los estados del país y consiste en que los patrones o empleadores deben pagar al fisco el 2 por ciento en promedio del total de salarios o sueldos , incluidos tiempos extra , bonos , primas de antigüedad , comisiones , ayudas , etcétera , que entreguen a sus empleados .
Continuar
La presidenta de Chile inicia hoy una gira de dos días por México Bachelet se reunirá con Calderón y tratará temas económicos
Demandará la FSTSE por plagio a federación que dirige Gordillo Apoyada por alguien de Hacienda copió acuerdo salarial de burócratas Los trabajadores del Estado recibirán 4.9 % de aumento , retroactivo a enero
Obsoleta , política económica del país : Amalia García Zacatecas , Zac. , 23 de junio .
La gobernadora Amalia García Medina cuestionó duramente la política económica del presidente Felipe Calderón , pues ha mantenido una ideología neoliberal que muchos países han desechado por obsoleta .
Continuar
Ganará el PRI mayoría de curules para dar impulso al campo : Paredes
De gira por Jalisco , critica retraso en la aplicación de presupuestos
En busca de guerrilleros , militares torturan a pobladores de la sierra de Guerrero : AI Amenazan incluso con armas a mujeres y niños de tres comunidades , denuncia Existe el inminente peligro de que esas violaciones a los derechos humanos se repitan , alerta
EPR : próximos comicios , sin legitimidad Oaxaca , Oax . , 23 de junio .
En la medida que se acerca el 5 de julio , los mexicanos vamos comprobando día a día que no estamos ante un proceso electoral más , ( sino ) frente a unos comicios desacreditados y carentes de toda legitimidad , que abarcan al sistema electoral en pleno , como partidos políticos y , por supuesto , a la mayoría de candidatos , quienes temen , sobre todas las cosas , aun desde el usufructo del poder ilegítimo , que sea desenmascarado una vez más el régimen tal cual es : antidemocrático , antipopular y represivo , sostuvo el Ejército Popular Revolucionario ( EPR ) .
Continuar
Piden líderes evangélicos a Calderón crear fiscalía especial Representantes de iglesias cristianas evangélicas demandaron ayer al presidente Felipe Calderón que se emprendan acciones contundentes para cesar la proliferación de actos de intolerancia y discriminación religiosa contra de integrantes de ese credo , así como la creación de una fiscalía especial para atender estas situaciones , y así quitarle discrecionalidad al actuar de algunos alcaldes , síndicos y hasta gobiernos estatales a la hora de dirimir dichos asuntos .
Continuar
El gobierno de Chiapas criminaliza la protesta social , denuncia el CDHFBC Lleva a cabo campaña mediática como estrategia contra los derechos humanos , asegura Afirma que utiliza la liberación de un indígena tzeltal para hacer creer que respeta a las JBG
Not impressed with the cycle track concept about to be tested on a stretch of Broadway near Portland State University ?
Well , the Portland Bureau of Transportation says there 's another way .
It 's called the " buffered bike lane " and it's coming to Southwest Stark and Oak streets .
" It 's a demonstration project we 're running concurrently with the cycle track to determine which works better for cyclists and what impacts this configuration has on motorists , " said PBOT project manager Kyle Chisek .
Go to the Hard Drive commuting blog for more details .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Space shuttle Atlantis has reached the Hubble telescope , orbiting at a height of 560 km ( 350 miles ) above the Earth .
The shuttle crew completed a delicate dance of manoeuvres intended to align Atlantis ' robotic arm with the telescope during their approach .
The arm was used to get hold of Hubble and draw it into the shuttle 's bay .
Contrary to expectations that the telescope might look more dishevelled than on the shuttle 's last visit , it appeared to be in good condition .
The observatory has been exposed to extremes of heat and cold as well as to cosmic radiation during its 19 years in low - Earth orbit .
At 1912 BST , Nasa controllers confirmed that Hubble had been safely berthed and secured atop a platform in Atlantis ' payload bay .
Five spacewalks beginning on Thursday will upgrade and repair the telescope , which has suffered from recent equipment failures .
As Atlantis made its final approach to Hubble , the shuttle paused at a distance of about 75 m , then made an adjustment of 42 degrees to its " yaw " , or twist .
HUBBLE SPACE TELESCOPE
Named after the great US astronomer Edwin Hubble Launched in 1990 into a 600 km - high circular orbit Equipped with a 2.4 m primary mirror and five instruments Length : 15.9 m ; diameter : 4.2 m ; Mass : 11,110kg
In pictures :
The best of Hubble Though the crew could control Hubble 's movements , the team opted to align the shuttle to the telescope , rather than vice versa .
Astronauts were able to get their first close look at Hubble since March 2002 .
At a distance of about 10 m from the telescope , astronaut Megan McArthur used the 16 m - long robotic arm to grasp the telescope 's " grapple fixture " .
" Houston , Hubble has arrived on board Atlantis , " said Atlantis commander Scott Altman as the robotic arm locked with the fixture at 1814 BST .
The telescope was then drawn delicately to a platform in the shuttle 's bay .
Looking out of one of Atlantis ' windows , mission specialist John Grunsfeld said : " Hubble , an old man of 19 years .
It still looks in fantastic shape . "
Previously , Nasa officials had prepared members of the press to expect a Hubble that was more " beaten up " than on the last visit by the shuttle .
Astronauts have now completed a photographic survey of Hubble 's exterior using cameras on the shuttle 's robotic arm .
This was intended to check for any degradation in the telescope 's thermal protection system and to assess the condition of its solar panels .
The crew has also activated external power ( or shuttle power ) to the observatory in preparation for the first spacewalk on Thursday .
A series of spacewalks to be undertaken over the next five days will repair and replace a number of experiments on the telescope .
On Tuesday , shuttle astronauts completed a 10 - hour - long inspection of the shuttle to look for any damage to Atlantis sustained on launch .
Atlantis appeared to be in good overall shape , but the survey uncovered a 53 cm ( 21 in ) line of chips on the shuttle 's right side .
The shuttle thundered into the sky at 1901 BST ( 1401 EDT ) on Monday from Florida 's Kennedy Space Center .
Launched in 1990 , the Hubble Space Telescope is now regarded as one of the most important instruments in the history of astronomy .
It has made a remarkable contribution to our understanding of the origin and evolution of the Universe .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
by Miguel de Icaza
Update : I accidentally published an incomplete version of this blog entry the other day before the actual content and samples were ready .
As part of our ongoing Embrace and Extend .
NET series ( SIMD , supercomputing ) , today I wanted to talk about the Mono .
Tasklets library that has just landed on Mono 's repository .
This library will become part of the Mono 2.6 release .
Mono .
Tasklets is the Mono - team supported mechanism for doing continuations , microthreading and coroutines in the ISO CLI .
It is based on Tomi Valkeinen 's excellent work on co-routines for Mono .
Unlike the work that we typically do in Mono which is pure C# and will work out of the box in .NET ( even our Mono .
SIMD code will work on .
NET , it will just run a lot slower ) Mono .
Tasklets requires changes to the VM that are not portable to other ISO CLI implementations .
History
Unity Early Experiments
Back in 2004 when Unity first started to explore Mono , Joachim Ante brought up the topic of coroutines in Mono .
On an email posted to the mono - devel - list he stated :
I want to be able to write scripts like this : void Update ( ) { Console .
WriteLine ( " Starting up " ) ; // Yields for 20 seconds , then continues WaitFor ( 20. F ) ; Console .
WriteLine ( " 20 seconds later " ) ; } The WaitFor function would yield back to unmanaged code .
The unmanaged code would then simply go on , possibly calling other C# methods in the same class / instance .
After 20 seconds , the engine would resume the Update method .
The idea here is to have multiple execution paths running on a single thread using a sort of cooperative multitasking .
GUI programmers are already used to this sort of work by using callbacks : event callbacks , timer callbacks and idle callbacks .
In Gnome using C or C# 1.0 you use something like :
void do_work ( ) { printf ( " Starting up
" ) ; g_timeout_add ( 20 * msec , do_work_2 , NULL ) ; } void do_work_2 ( ) { printf ( " 20 seconds later
" ) ; }
Although lambdas help a little bit in C# 2.0 if the core of your application needs to chain many of these operations the style becomes annoying :
DoWork ( ) { Console .
WriteLine ( " starting up " ) ; Timeout .
Add ( 20 * msesc , delegate { Console .
WriteLine ( " 20 seconds later " ) ; } ) ; }
In event - based programming everything becomes a callback that is invoked by the main loop .
The developer registers functions to be called back later in response to a timeout or an event .
Another alternative is to build a state machine into the callbacks to put all of the code in a single method .
The resulting code looks like this :
void do_work ( void * state ) { MyState *ms = ( MyState *) state ; switch ( ms - > state ) { case 0 : printf ( " starting up
" ) ; ms -> state = 1 ; g_timeout_add ( 20 * msec , do_work , state ) ; break ; case 1 : printf ( " 20 seconds later " ) ; } }
It is worth pointing out that Joachim and in general the gaming world were ahead of our time when they requested these features .
This style of threading is commonly referred as microthreading or coroutines .
At the time , without runtime support , Rodrigo suggested that a framework based on a compiler - supported generator - based system using the yield instruction would satisfy Joe 's needs for coroutines in the gaming space .
This is what Unity uses to this day .
C# Yield Statement in Mono
The yield statement in C# works by building a state machine into your method .
When you write code like this :
IEnumerable DoWork ( ) { Console .
WriteLine ( " Starting up " ) ; yield return new WaitFor ( 20 * msec ) ; Console .
WriteLine ( " After resuming execution " ) ; }
The compiler generates a state machine for you .
In the above example there are two states : the initial state that starts execution at the beginning of the function and the second state that resumes execution after the yield statement .
A year later we used a variation of the above by employing nested yield statements in C# to implement Mono 's HttpRuntime pipeline stack .
Cute screenshot from my blog at the time :
Yield statements can be used to solve this class of problems , but they become annoying to use when every method participating in suspending execution needs to become an iterator .
If any part of the pipeline is not built with explicit support for yield , the system stops working .
Consider this :
void Attack ( ) { DoTenThings ( ) ; } void DoTenThings ( ) { for ( int i=0 ; i < 10 ; i++ ) { C( ) ; } } IEnumerable C( ) { yield WaitForIncomingMessageFromNetwork ( ) ; }
Here , even if the WaitForIncoming MessageFromNetwork uses yield the callers ( DoTenThings and Attack ) are not participating , they merely discard the return from yield , so the execution does not return to the main loop .
Using a yield - based framework is not much of a problem if you only need to use this every once in a while .
For example we use this in our ASP.
NET engine but it is only used in a handful of places .
Unity used an approach built on top of the yield framework to suspend and resume execution .
For example this is invoked by the Update ( ) function on an enemy script :
function Patrol ( ) { while ( true ) { if ( LowHealth ( ) ) RunAway ( ) ; else if ( EnemyNear ( ) ) Attack ( ) ; else MoveSomewhere ( ) ; yield ; // done for this update loop !
} } function Attack ( ) { while ( ! LowHealth ( ) && EnemyNear ( ) ) { DoTheAttack ( ) ; // done with this update , and wait a bit yield WaitForSeconds ( attackRate ) ; } // return to whatever invoked us }
The same can be done in Unity with C# , but your functions should be declared as returning an IEnumerable .
Microthreading in SecondLife
In 2006 , Jim from LindenLabs introduced the work that they had done in SecondLife to support microthreading .
Jim 's work was a lot more ambitious than what both Joe had requested .
SecondLife required that code be suspended at any point in time and that its entire state be serializable into a format suitable for storage into a database .
Serialized state could then be restored at a different point in time or on a different computer ( for example while moving from node to node ) .
For this to work , they needed a system that would track precisely the entire call stack chain , local variables and parameters as well as being able to suspend the code at any point .
Jim did this by using a CIL rewriting engine that injected the state serialization and reincarnation into an existing CIL instructions stream .
He covered the technology in detail in his Lang.NET talk in 2006 .
The technology went in production in 2008 and today this continuation framework powers 10 million Mono scripts on SecondLife .
Tomi's Microthreading Library
That same year Tomi posted a prototype of coroutines for Mono called MonoCo , inspired by the use of Stackless Python for EVE Online .
The Stackless Python on EVE presentation goes through the concepts that Tomi adopted for his Mono .
Microthread library .
Tomi's approach was to modify the Mono runtime to support a basic construct called a Continuation .
The continuation is able to capture the current stack contents ( call stack , local variables and paramters ) and later restore this state .
This extension to the runtime allowed athe entire range of operations described in the Stackless Python on Eve presentation to be implemented .
It also addresses the needs of developers like Joachim , but is not able to support the SecondLife scenarios .
Mono .
Tasklet .
Continuation
The Mono . Tasklet .
Continuation is based on Tomi's Microthreading library , but it only provides the core primitive : the continuation .
None of the high - level features from Tomi 's library are included .
This is the API :
public class Continuation { public Continuation ( ) ; public void Mark ( ) ; public int Store ( int state ) ; public void Restore ( int state ) ; }
When you call Store the current state of execution is recorded and it is possible to go back to this state by invoking Restore .
The caller to Store tells whether it is the initial store or a restore point based on the result from Store :
var c = new Continuation ( ) ; ... switch ( c.Store ( 0 ) ) { case 0 : // First invocation case 1 : // Restored from the point ahead .
} ... // Jump back to the switch statement .
c. Restore ( 1 ) ;
Tomi implemented a Microthreading library on top of this abstraction .
I ported Tomi's Microthreading library to Mono .
Tasklet framework to test things out and I am happy to report that it works very nicely .
Tomi's patch and library were adopted by various people , in particular in the gaming space and we have heard from many people that they were happy with it .
Not only they were happy with it but also Paolo , Mono 's VM curator , liked the approach .
Frameworks
Speaking with Lucas , one of the advocates of Tomi's VM extensions , at the Unite conference it became clear that although the Mono .
Microthreads work from Tomi was very useful , it was designed with the EVE scenario in mind .
Lucas was actually not using Mono .
Tasklets on the client code but on the server side .
And when used in his game the Stackless - like primitives were getting on his way .
So he used the basic Continuation framework to create a model that suited his game .
He uses this on his server - side software to have his server micro- threads wait for network events from multiple players .
The Tomi framework was getting in Lucas ' way so he created a framework on top of the Continuations framework that suited his needs .
He says :
I found however , that what system you build on top of the core continuations tech , really depends on what kind of application you 're building .
For instance , I have a system where I send serialized " class ProtocolMessage " 's over the network .
they have a questionID and an answerID , which are guids .
in my code I can say : // automatically gets questionID guid set. var msg = new RequestLevelDescriptionMessage ( ) ; someConnection.SendMessageAndWaitForAnswer ( msg ) ; the last call will block , and return once a message with the expected type , and matching answerID has been received .
This is made to work because the SendMessageAndWaitForAnswer <T >( ) call adds itself to a dictionary < GUID , MicroThread > that keeps track of what microthreads are waiting for which answer .
A separate microthread reads messages of the socket , and reads their answer ID .
it then looks to see if we have any " microthreads in the fridge " that are waiting for this message , by comparing the guid of the message , to the guid that the microthread said it was waiting for .
If this is it , it reschedules the microthreads , and provides the message as the return type for when the microthread wakes up .
This is very specific to my use case , others will have things specific to their use cases .
Going back to the Joachim sample from 2004 , using Tomi 's code ported to Mono .
Tasklets , the code then becomes :
void Update ( ) { Console .
WriteLine ( " Starting up " ) ; // Yields for 20 seconds , then continues Microthread .
WaitFor ( 20.F ) ; Console .
WriteLine ( " 20 seconds later " ) ; }
The MicroThread .
WaitFor will suspend execution , save the current stack state -- which could be arbitrarily nested -- and transfer control to the scheduler which will pick something else to do , run some other routine or sleep until some event happens .
Then , when the scheduler is ready to restart this routine , it will restore the execution just after the WaitFor call .
A sample from the game world could go like this :
prince .
WaitForObjectVisible ( princess ) ; prince .
WalkTo ( princess ) ; prince .
Kiss ( princess ) ;
The code is written in a linear style , not in a callback or state machine style .
Each one of those methods WaitForObjectVisible , WalkTo and Kiss might take an arbitrary amount of time to execute .
For example the prince character might not kick into gear until the princess is visible and that can take forever .
In the meantime , other parts of the game will continue execution on the same thread .
The Continuation framework will allow folks to try out different models .
From the Microthread / coroutine approach from Tomi , to Lucas ' setup to other systems that we have not envisioned .
Hopefully we will see different scheduling systems for different workloads and we will see libraries that work well with this style of programming , from socket libraries to web libraries to file IO libraries .
This is one of the features that Lucas would like to see : Networking , File and other IO classes that take advantage of a Microthreading platform in Mono .
Nations define their relationships based on a number of interactions , but when it comes to going to war there should be only one standard : whether a nation ’s very existence or a vital national interest at stake .
Nothing else justifies the unintended consequences that inevitably result from warfare , and nothing less merits sending one ’s sons and daughters to their possible deaths .
In this age of nation - building and regime - change , that fundamental principle has been blurred , but it remains as true now as it did when Machiavelli first examined war ’s place in the art of statecraft .
War opens the gates of hell , releasing a Pandora ’s box of evils .
It should be the last option , only resorted to when all else fails .
The past eight years have seen several wars that have been unnecessary if judged by the national interest standard .
Iraq posed no threat to the United States or to any of its neighbors .
Afghanistan , one of the world ’s poorest and most backward countries , was a threat to its neighbors and to the world only because it gave shelter to an international terrorist group .
That al - Qaeda should have been attacked and removed from Afghan soil would be considered a proportionate and appropriate use of force by most observers , but nobody could have foreseen a completely bungled military operation that actually let the perpetrators of 9/11 go free and move to neighboring Pakistan .
There followed a seven - year occupation of Afghanistan in support of an unpopular and corrupt puppet government that has culminated in an imploding security environment that has also spilled over into Pakistan .
The United States has apparently not learned from its mistakes as new President Barack Obama seems dedicated to continuing the occupation of Iraq while waging an expanding war in Af - Pak , as it is now being called .
As if that were not enough , Obama is also being drawn somewhat reluctantly into a hot war with Iran , something that neoconservatives and Blue Dog Democrats alike seem to favor .
Iran would seem to be an unlikely enemy , with virtually no industrial base and an economy less than 5 percent the size of the U.S. economy .
Its military spending amounts to only about 1 percent of the U.S. defense budget .
Nevertheless , Obama has repeated the Bush administration mantra that " all options are on the table " regarding Iran .
He has stressed his willingness to talk with Tehran , but he has unwisely allowed himself to be locked into a timetable by visiting Israeli Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu .
If the negotiations route does not show solid results by the end of the year , Washington will be committed to moving toward a punishing sanctions regime .
Netanyahu wants the U.S. to do his fighting for him against Iran , and he wants to shift the narrative away from his avoidance of negotiations with the Palestinians , so a focus on a short timetable centered on Iran suits him very well .
Obama is clearly uneasy with the prospect of war with Iran .
Admittedly , sanctions are not war , but they create an environment where armed conflict is just one small step away .
If a resolution moving through Congress is any indication , sanctions could include blocking the import of refined petroleum products .
As Iran , a major petroleum exporter , has only limited refining capacity , the country ’s economy would grind to a halt , resulting in catastrophic hardship for most of the Iranian people .
Many would consider the sanctioning of Iranian energy imports to be an act of war .
It would also reopen old wounds and pit the United States against most Europeans , who are rightly wary of yet another war in the Middle East .
Israel and its supporters in Congress and the media would like to see a shooting war between the United States and Iran start as soon as feasible .
Having bought into the Israeli claim that the Islamic Republic represents an existential danger , Hillary Clinton recently described a potentially nuclear Iran as an " extraordinary threat . "
Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , describes the prospect as " calamitous . "
President Obama has reportedly asked Secretary of Defense Robert Gates to update the war plan to attack Iran .
But propaganda and political posturing aside , what is the actual threat that Iran poses ?
There are two principle areas where Iran interacts with American interests .
The first is the alleged nuclear weapons program coupled with Tehran ’s development of ballistic missiles that would be able to deliver the nuclear warheads to a target .
There is an intense debate over whether Iran is developing nuclear weapons at all , with the Israelis and their allies insisting that they are and demanding that Tehran not be allowed to enrich uranium for any purpose .
But the most authoritative study of the issue , the National Intelligence Estimate of December 2007 , reported that Iran suspended its nuclear weapons program in 2003 and there are no signs that it has been restarted .
The most recent study , appearing on May 21 , carried out by a team of Russian and American scientists working for the Brussels - based EastWest Institute , looked at both the nuclear weapons issue and also the ballistic missile program .
It concluded that Iran could build a simple nuclear device in one to three years only if it kicked out UN inspectors and dedicated itself to a weapons program .
It would take five more years to be able to make the weapon small enough to fit onto a ballistic missile .
The report also noted that Iran would be unlikely to use a nuclear weapon , even if it had one , because of the threat of retaliation .
As the report put it , the U.S. and Israeli nuclear arsenals guarantee that Tehran ’s decision to use a nuclear weapon would mean that Iran would cease to exist immediately thereafter .
The examples of India - Pakistan and the Cold War are cited as evidence that two adversaries having nuclear weapons actually decreases the likelihood that they might be employed because the weapons then become deterrents .
Their use would devastate both sides .
But what about the oft - repeated argument that if Iran had nuclear weapons it might give them to terrorists ?
This is the ultimate " what if " red herring argument , like the hypothetical ticking bomb that justifies torture .
It supposes two things : first , that Iran is in fact actively developing a weapon , and second , that it would be willing to lose control over the device by handing it to a terrorist for use .
It also assumes that Iran is essentially both irrational and suicidal .
It only works if Iran could hand over a weapon anonymously and avoid retribution .
This would not be possible , as a nuclear device has characteristics that give it a very specific footprint , meaning that the attribution to Iran would take place and obliteration would follow , just as if Iran had used the weapon itself .
Iran ’s other area of entanglement with the United States is through its neighbors , Iraq and Afghanistan , both of which are home to large numbers of American soldiers and both of which have large , active insurgencies .
It has been alleged by U.S. military authorities and Congress that Iran is arming , training , and funding the insurgencies in both countries .
This allegation has been given emotional form by Sen .
Joe Lieberman and others who hope to demonstrate that Iran is already at war with the U.S. by claiming that Iran is " killing American soldiers . "
The allegations regarding a perfidious Iran supplying lethal weapons to insurgents started in 2004 and appeared most recently on May 19 , but they are all similar in that they suppose that when an Iranian - made weapon is in an insurgent ’s hands it must have been put there by the Iranian government .
In fact , Iranian weapons constitute only a small percentage of weapons in Iraq and even fewer in Afghanistan .
There is no real evidence that the weapons , most of which come from stocks sold on the international arms market , are part of an Iranian government program .
And the lack of evidence is not due to any lack of trying .
The U.S. has been looking for an Iranian smoking gun for the past five years and has yet to find it .
Iran undeniably has an interest in developments among its neighbors , including Afghanistan and Iraq , but the interest is more to maintain stability than to stir up trouble .
It would undoubtedly like to see the U.S. leave the region , but its government clearly recognizes that ending the American presence is currently not on the agenda .
Iran is if anything an enemy of al - Qaeda and the Taliban , the two groups that Washington is itself fighting .
It offered to help the United States in Afghanistan after 9/11 and has also attempted to come to a comprehensive settlement with the U.S. over all outstanding regional issues , an offer made in 2003 that was rejected by the Bush administration .
There is no evidence that Iran is seeking to destabilize any of its neighbors or that it seeks war with anyone , Israel included .
One must conclude that Iran does not plausibly threaten the United States with its weaponry , army , or foreign policy .
That is not to endorse Iran ’s government or president , but merely to put the issue into perspective .
Iran is involved in the affairs of its neighbors , but it would be a stretch to describe that engagement as interference .
Allegations that it is actively supporting groups that are killing Americans are not supported by available evidence .
The U.S. , in short , has no vital interest at stake to justify a war and should resist at all cost Israel ’s efforts to bring about a conflict that it believes to be in its own interests but that would hardly be good for the United States .
If President Obama wants to do what is right for both the American and Iranian people , then he will look carefully at the relationship and announce that he is taking the military option " off the table . "
BOSTON , June 23 ( Reuters Life ! ) - Elisabeth Hasselbeck , conservative co-host of ABC ’s “ The View , ” is being sued over accusations her best - selling diet book plagiarized another author ’s work .
Cape Cod author Susan Hassett filed a copyright infringement lawsuit against Hasselbeck in Massachusetts federal court this week , saying parts of the book , “ The G - Free Diet : A Gluten - Free Survival Guide , ” were lifted from a book Hassett had written on the same subject .
Hassett claims she mailed Hasselbeck a copy of her self - published book , “ Living with Celiac Disease , ” in April 2008 because she wanted to help Hasselbeck spread awareness on her television show about the condition , which involves an intolerance to gluten , a component of wheat , rye and barley .
Hasselbeck ’s book , which made it to The New York Times best seller list , was published in May and “ includes dozens of paraphrased as well as word - for - word regurgitations of phrases and scrupulously researched factual data entries ” from Hassett ’s book , according to Hassett ’s complaint .
Hassett is also suing Hasselbeck ’s publisher , Center Street Hachette , and her ghost - writer , whose identity is unidentified .
She is seeking compensation for profits made from Hasselbeck ’s book and asks for the book be removed from distribution
Phone calls to Hasselbeck ’s office at Walt Disney Co-owned ABC were not immediately returned .
( Reporting by Erin Kutz ; Editing by Jason Szep and Eric Walsh )
- video encodings still in process -
Gang kill Sarah seeing eye dog and are about to rape her when The Toxic Avenger arrives and saves a day : )
The weaker sex ?
Men really do have an excuse for supposedly being wimpy about coughs and colds - their immune systems are not as strong as women's , research suggests .
A Canadian study indicates that the female sex hormone oestrogen gives women 's immune systems added bite at fighting off infection .
Oestrogen seems to counter an enzyme which blocks the inflammatory process .
The McGill University study appears in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
These results demonstrate that women have a more powerful inflammatory response than men
Dr Maya Saleh
McGill University
The researchers focused on an enzyme called Caspase - 12 , which is known to put a brake on the inflammatory process , the body 's first line of defence against harmful invaders such as bacteria and viruses .
They worked on mice that lacked the Caspase - 12 gene , and were thus extremely resistant to infection .
The human Caspase - 12 gene was implanted into a group of male and female mice , but only the males became more prone to infection .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The researchers concluded that oestrogen produced by the female mice blocked the expression of the human Caspase - 12 gene .
They were also able to locate the precise place where oestrogen binds to the gene in order to block its activity .
Since the experiments were conducted using a human gene , the researchers are confident their work is applicable to humans .
Lead researcher Dr Maya Saleh said : " These results demonstrate that women have a more powerful inflammatory response than men . "
The researchers believe women may have evolved a more robust immune system because of their key role in producing and nurturing young .
Their work raises the possibility of new ways to reinforce the immune system using genetic manipulation .
But writing in the journal , the researchers said : " A question remains : will men be amenable to the idea of being treated with an exclusively female hormone ? "
Dr Leslie Knapp , of the University of Cambridge , said there was a substantial body of evidence to show that women were better at fighting infections than men .
She said : " Women are well known to be able to respond more robustly to infections , and to recover more quickly than men .
" In evolutionary terms it only takes one male to reproduce with lots of females , but females are much more important in terms of producing offspring . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Doctors Caroline de Costa and Michael Carrette explain why they will no longer be offering medical abortion services in Far North Queensland .
As senior medical practitioners who for the past three years have been offering medical abortion services to women in Far North Queensland , it is with great regret that we announce that we are , at least temporarily , ceasing this practice .
We have decided to cease offering mifepristone ( RU486 ) / misoprostol early abortion to women in Cairns and surrounding areas .
This decision has been taken out of concern at the prosecution of a young Cairns woman and her partner under sections 225 and 226 of the Queensland Criminal Code , the implications of this prosecution for us — but more especially the implications for our patients and their support persons — and the complete failure of the Queensland Attorney - General and the Premier and her government to respond adequately to our communications on this matter .
We are also concerned at the implications for other medical practitioners and nursing staff performing medical abortions in Queensland , and for women undergoing these procedures .
We note that Queensland Health states that medical abortion is performed in the following public hospitals :
Biloela Hospital , Bundaberg Hospital , Caboolture Hospital , Cairns Base Hospital , Gladstone Hospital , Redcliffe Hospital , Gold Coast Hospital , Hervey Bay Hospital , Ipswich Hospital , Kingaroy Hospital , Logan Hospital , Mackay Hospital , Maryborough Hospital , Mount Isa Hospital , Nambour Hospital , Queen Elizabeth II Jubilee Hospital , Redland Hospital , Rockhampton Hospital , Royal Brisbane and Women ’s Hospital , Toowoomba Hospital and Townsville Hospital .
( Reference : Brooke Anderson , Director , Executive Services , Office of the Chief Health Officer , Queensland Health : Queensland Health Provision and Policy regarding Termination of Pregnancy ) .
The vast majority of these abortions are late abortions performed for serious fetal abnormality detected by publicly - offered screening services for pregnant women .
A few are performed for severe maternal illness .
Late medical abortion for fetal abnormality or severe maternal conditions is also performed in a large number of private hospitals in Queensland .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
These late abortions are all medical abortions performed using misoprostol , the drug the Cairns woman is currently charged with using to procure an abortion for herself .
Misoprostol is not registered by the Therapeutic Goods Administration ( TGA ) for the purpose of abortion in Australia so its use in Queensland hospitals , by us , and by many other practitioners in other states , is “ off - label ” — a widespread and accepted practice among medical professionals .
In April 2006 we were granted permission by the TGA to use mifepristone ( RU486 ) together with misoprostol for early abortion in Cairns , for women with “ life - threatening or otherwise serious conditions ” that would be exacerbated by continuing pregnancy .
We have safely and successfully used the drugs in such cases for the past three years .
In all our cases women have first undergone counseling with discussion of the alternatives to abortion , have had appropriate medical examinations and have been appropriately supported through the abortion and follow - up procedures .
We believe that medical abortion had greatly increased the options open to women in the Cairns region who have had to make the difficult decision about abortion for themselves .
We have not witnessed anything in our practice during this time that would suggest that the provision of medical abortion itself is influencing a woman ’s decision to terminate a pregnancy ; we are simply aware that the options for women have increased .
Our practice of RU486 / misoprostol abortion has been closely overseen by the TGA to whom we report twice yearly .
Nevertheless throughout the past three years we have been very aware of the anomalies in Queensland law with regard to the practice of medical abortion , and indeed the practice of abortion where the indication is severe fetal abnormality .
We have , individually and together , frequently expressed our concerns in writing and in speaking publicly to the media and to our professional colleagues .
We , and others , have addressed numerous letters to the previous and current Premier and government Ministers , and to the Queensland branch of the Australian Medical Association ( AMA ) .
Despite our legitimate concerns and our status as members of the medical profession we have received ( usually ) no response whatever ; where there have been responses these have been curt brush - offs from junior bureaucrats , or stock answers such as abortion is “ a divisive issue ” or “ a matter for a woman and her doctor . ”
Queensland abortion law is contained within the Queensland Criminal Code in sections 224-226 .
Section 224 states that a doctor who performs an abortion commits a crime , section 225 that a woman procuring an abortion commits a crime , and section 226 that anyone providing any substance or thing to aid the abortion commits a crime .
There are substantial terms of imprisonment attached to these sections .
There is a defence for the person charged with one or more of these crimes in section 282 of the Code — which allows a “ surgical operation ” for the preservation of the mother ’s life if the performance of the operation is reasonable .
( The term “ surgical operation ” appears only in the Queensland Code ; abortion remains a crime in some other Australian states but the defence is not restricted to surgical procedures . )
Section 282 was broadly interpreted in the case of Dr Peter Bayliss and Dr Dawn Cullen in 1986 .
These two doctors were acquitted on charges of procuring an abortion , and the judgment from that case , the McGuire Judgment , is the case law on which doctors currently performing abortions in Queensland would rely if similarly charged .
The Queensland Criminal Code dates from 1899 , and was in turn based upon the English Offences Against the Person Act of 1861 , using , in the sections dealing with abortion , virtually the same wording .
Section 224 of the Code has been used very rarely since 1899 .
Section 225 was used in 1955 ( probably the only occasion on which it has been used ) ; the woman concerned was convicted in a lower court but the conviction was overturned on appeal .
Section 226 have probably never been used , and certainly not in the last 50 years .
At the time the Queensland Criminal Code was introduced , safe abortion using drugs ( i.e. medical abortion ) was completely unknown .
The law was originally designed to protect women from unsafe backstreet abortions — it failed to do this at the time it was promulgated and it is completely at odds with the contemporary practice of abortion and the views of the majority of Australians who believe that safe legal abortion should be accessible to all women .
The fact that a woman and her partner have been charged in Cairns under sections 225 and 226 of the Code is a personal tragedy for these two young people , but it also carries major implications for our practice of medical abortion .
While we appreciate that no Australian medical professional appears to have been involved in the case currently before the courts , we had been over the past three years assured privately by politicians and members of the police that no prosecutions would ever be made under sections 224 - 226 , unless a woman was seriously harmed or died , neither of which events appear to have occurred in this case .
We are also aware , from media reports , that there was a period of three months between the date of the alleged offence and the reporting of the matter to the police .
Nothing is known to us of who made this report but it appears that the person or persons may have been highly motivated to bring about the public shaming and possible conviction of these people — who have apparently done nothing more than use a drug widely available to women for the purpose of abortion elsewhere in Australia and overseas .
We are concerned that one of our patients might be the next target .
We have therefore jointly sought legal advice , initially from a solicitor .
This lawyer has briefed a barrister with expertise in criminal law and we await that person ’s professional opinion on our position , and even more critically for us , on the position of our patients and their support persons .
As medical practitioners we place the highest importance on the physical and emotional wellbeing and safety of our patients .
The initial legal advice we have received has led us to our current course of action .
We would also recommend that all our medical colleagues in Queensland currently practising or assisting with medical abortion likewise consider their legal position and that of their patients .
We will also be continuing our efforts to communicate with the Queensland government and the Queensland AMA executive .
It is unfortunate that there has so far been no recognition on the part of these elected bodies that this issue is not about the ethics or morality of abortion , and no understanding that the personal opinions of elected officials should not form the basis for response to legitimate public concerns .
This issue is about the current impediments to the safe and accessible provision for Queensland women of services that are much more freely and legally available elsewhere in Australia .
We would like to see the Premier send the existing archaic abortion law to the Queensland Law Reform Commission , for recommendations for updating abortion regulations that can then be considered and voted upon in Parliament .
This has happened successfully in Victoria ; it should also be possible in Queensland .
It was billed as Bebo for grown - ups ; sensible adults were all set to join the new craze of becoming famous in their own cyber - world and looking up thousands of new ' friends ' , but it seems the dangers of Facebook are just the same as for its younger counterpart .
At least they are if you 're a young , female election candidate trying to put forward your serious side for your potential voters , assuring them of your abilities to get local funding and deal with important political matters while your Facebook page has photos of you looking , well , slightly the worse for wear with a pal feeling up your boobs .
While the publicity surrounding the controversial picture ( which has been removed from her page ) , wo n't do Newbridge Town Council hopeful Emma Kiernan any harm at all , and her glamorous image is bound to ensure she 's ' poked ' hundreds of times , is n't there a danger for all of us in having so much information about ourselves out there in a virtual world over which we have virtually no control ?
Anyone possessing any compromising photo or information about you can put it up on the internet , out of context , and invite others to have a look and comment freely .
You might n't even know they 've done it until someone ( like a nice family newspaper ) comes and tells you .
With an estimated 200 m active users , Facebook is a global phenomenon with humble beginnings as an Ivy League college networking site , which today is valued at around € 5 bn .
There have always been privacy issues surrounding it but because the users are generally more mature than other social networking sites , it was n't considered as much of a problem .
However , two students managed to download 70,000 member profiles in a ' data mining ' exercise leading to concerns that companies would go consumer shopping on the site .
Facebook also ran into difficulty after it was realised that people could never entirely delete their entry , especially the embarrassing photos and comments they might have uploaded while a happy - go - lucky student , but which were proving awkward at job interviews .
Only last year did Facebook write the software to allow permanent deletion of pages in response to the criticism .
It has become very easy for employers to check sites and find out about applicants ' private lives before meeting them face to face .
Students can post comments on teachers ' sites ; disgruntled employees on managers ' .
It 's no longer reliable to believe that being a party - girl , getting pie-eyed at the weekend wo n't be discovered by your boss after a less than flattering account , in full technicolour , is posted on the net .
It does n't even have to be your own page , just someone who thinks it 's a bit of a laugh .
The power of the social networking phenomenon has long been realised by savvy politicos too -- eager for the ' young ' vote .
There was an outcry in Iran after Facebook was unceremoniously shut down last weekend by the government , preventing reform candidate Hossein Mousavi from reaching out to thousands of disaffected voters via his page .
However , all it takes for anyone , anywhere , is to have an old picture of themselves posted in an unflattering or off - putting situation which can cause untold embarrassment -- even career suicide -- and it's all entirely outside your control .
It 's impossible to find a solution , especially as such sites are expanding in popularity .
Who knows ( especially at 18 or 20 years of age ) what they 're going to be doing in five or ten years ' time ?
Could something like Facebook signal the end of your reputation ?
None of us can be entirely sure what a giddy friend snapping photos while we 're at a party could say about us in the future .
We 've all been in situations we 'd rather forget :
A humiliating story , an old flame , a bully from school -- they 're all potential disaster areas .
There might be etiquette about such things in real life , but the rules of ' netiquette ' are not so clearly defined .
Source : Evening Herald .
Belfast Telegraph
Just as sunflowers turn their heads to catch every sunbeam , so too have we discovered a simple way to get more from our sun .
Daylight Saving
Time gives us the opportunity to enjoy sunny summer evenings by moving our clocks an hour forward in the spring .
Yet , the implementation of Daylight Saving Time has been fraught with controversy since Benjamin Franklin conceived of the idea .
Even today , regions and countries routinely change their approaches to Daylight Saving Time .
Here , you can learn about the history of daylight saving ( or as some may say , daylight shifting ) , the standardization of time , and when regions around the globe spring ahead and fall back .
Enjoy !
Umm al - Fahm residents vowed on Monday to prevent the entrance of rightists , headed Baruch Marzel , planning to march and rally in the city on Tuesday .
Many of the townspeople , enraged , protested in front of the city 's police headquarters , shouting anti-Right slogans and waving signs reading " We 're in favor of peace , Marzel brings terror , " and " Patience Marzel , tomorrow we will dig your grave . "
Matter of Timing ?
Supreme Court : Umm al - Fahm rightist march after elections Aviad Glickman Court rebukes State for ignoring ruling , repeatedly postponing rightists Baruch Marzel , Itamar Ben - Gvir 's march in Arab city ; rules rally should be held within six weeks after general elections Supreme Court : Umm al - Fahm rightist march after elections
In addition to a general strike declared in the northern city , Mayor Sheikh Khaled Hamdan said he and his fellow residents would use their own bodies to stop extremist Marzel " and his gang members " from entering the city .
Speaking at a press conference in Umm al - Fahm , resident and Hadash MK Afou Agbaria said , " The Jewish streets should also be concerned with what is taking place .
The extreme right is heading toward apartheid , that will , at the end of the process , harm not only us , but the weaker layers of the Jewish sector . "
The police declared a heightened state of alert across the Wadi Ara region and Israel 's northern sector and will deploy 2,500 police officers to maintain public order .
" We have a large force ready to deploy in order to create deterrence , " Northern District Police Commander , Major - General Shimon Koren , said Monday night .
" We will allow legitimate protest but we will take a firm hand against any rioting . "
Balad Chairman Jamal Zahalka , who lives in Wadi Ara , was also present at the press conference and warned against the use of weapons : " We are not fighting this little fascist , but the big fascist – the one that has power over the mainstream Israeli politics that reeks of Kahanism .
" There are people like him in Kadima Likud and the National Religious Party .
These people have a history of shooting at Palestinians and I warn that if they come tomorrow carrying weapons , they will start shooting and this could escalate into a major disaster . "
Council Member Raja Agbaria said , " Marzel is a little fascist .
The strike we declared is not against Marzel himself , but against the institutionalized policies of the Israeli establishment that represents racism .
" We predict more acts of racism to occur in the next government and therefore , Umm al - Fahm is taking it upon itself to be the pioneer in the face of the escalating racist policies on Israel 's part . "
Knesset Member Ahmad Tibi ( United Arab List - Ta'al ) called the planned march an act of provocateurs seeking strife and discord .
It must be prevented .
The residents of Umm al - Fahm are peaceful people .
Who despise racists . "
' Arabs , Jews wo n't allow march to take place '
The Umm al - Fahm municipality spent the past few days trying to have the rightist march called off , and even spoke with police representatives on Sunday .
" We put the responsibility in the police 's hands , since they are the ones with the authority to cancel or hold the event .
We demanded from them the same restraint that we demand from ourselves , and I say we will prevent their entrance with our bodies with restraint , in a quiet and peaceful manner , " said Mayor Hamdan .
Head of the Menashe Regional Council Ilan Sadeh was also present at the press conference and said , " Democracy has the right to express itself , but on the other hand , incitement must be prevented .
" The court should have prevented this incitement .
We will stand together tomorrow , Arabs and Jews , and we will not allow this march to take place . "
The High Court of Justice ordered the rightist flag march be held in the Arab city in October , but it was postponed a number of times by police due to security considerations and concern for the lives of the rightists .
Last week , the police approved a date for the march to be held on Tuesday .
On Sunday , MK Michael Ben-Ari of the National Union Party announced he also planned to march in the procession , and even stand in the lead .
" It 's provocation to say this is provocation .
If waving Israeli flags is provocation – than this is the greater provocation , " the MK said .
Large police forces have prepared to thwart any clashes between the marchers and residents of nearby Wadi Ara .
The march will not go through the main streets of Umm al - Fahm , and its route has been coordinated with the police .
The list of participants is yet to be finalized , but according to estimates , some 100 right - wing activists are expected to take part .
Famed Beatles producer and founding member of the Horrible Mugshot Hall of Fame Phil Spector is beginning to serve his 19 - year prison sentence for murder , and made a specific request to help him pass the time : An iPod .
Advertisement
Prisoners at Spector 's new forced California residence are permitted certain objects , often musical instruments or personal mementos .
Spector requested an iPod and a TV , though interestingly not any musical instruments ; his wife says he 's not likely to want to jam with the other prisoners .
We 'd love to get a look at Spector 's iPod , as long as it's away from Spector himself .
The dude is more than a little creepy .
[ NME , thanks Brian Ashcraft ! ]
The course then shifts toward the social sciences , exploring how the study of morals , economies , and societies were influenced by the power science now carried in Western culture .
We then move into the 20th century with a look at Einstein ’s theories of general and special relativity , Heisenberg ’s uncertainty principle , and how chaos and complexity theories are applied to the study of physical , biological , and social systems .
The course concludes with an overview of the meaning of science in our time .
Course Lectures include :
The next four lectures are on science in the Enlightenment , where the methods of science as we think of them today were solidified .
Two lectures follow on the applications of science to technology , particularly the Industrial Revolution .
Two more lectures are devoted to Darwin , the Darwinian Revolution , and how Darwinism was applied to the social sphere .
The next four lectures deal with the scientific revolution — what it was revolting against ( the medieval worldview ) , how astronomy made the transition from astrology to a mechanical science , and how that methodology was applied to the study of society .
The first four lectures discuss how the history and philosophy of science is conducted , how the definitions of science have changed through time , how the boundary issues between science and pseudoscience and other cultural traditions such as religion are resolved , and how revolutions happen in science .
This is a sweeping look at science , its history and philosophy from the Middle Ages to the present , with special emphasis on defining science within the cultural context of the age , who was doing science at the time , and what their goals were in conducting science .
The Skeptics Society is pleased to announce that Michael Shermer ’s college course on the History of Science is now available in audio , with 24 lectures on MP3 files totaling 25.5 hours ( the equivalent of over 20 uncompressed CD disks ) .
In this week ’s eSkeptic investigative journalist Steve Salerno reveals what the science says about the positive thinking and self - esteem movement , and it is n’t very positive and will not raise the self - esteem of all those self - help gurus who have been telling us for decades that we just need to think more positively about life to make things better .
Positively Misguided :
The Myths & Mistakes
of the Positive Thinking Movement
by Steve Salerno
My college football coach was the kind of guy Stanley Kubrik must have had in mind when he conceived the over - the - top drill sergeant for his classic Vietnam film , Full Metal Jacket .
During one game midway in my sophomore year , my offensive - line cohorts and I were having trouble opening holes for our ball carriers .
Coach pulled us aside at half - time and lined us up against a wall .
He then walked the line and — from a distance of maybe two inches — screamed into each of our faces in turn , “ I want you to tell me now , are you ever gonna miss another block ! ? ”
There was a pungent Anglo - Saxon gerund between another and block , but good taste compels me to omit it .
The only acceptable answer was “ No sir ! ” , which we too were expected to scream at ear - splitting volume .
This would assure Coach of our mettle , dedication , and worthiness to have him browbeat us for the rest of the season .
But to me , Coach ’s question sounded unreasonable .
I still had two - and - a - half seasons of football ahead of me .
What assurances could I give ?
And so , when my turn came , I drew a breath and said , “ Look , Coach , I certainly do n’t want to miss another block !
But probably yes , I think I will miss a few .
Now and then . ”
From the bewildered look on Coach ’s face , you ’d think I ’d just morphed into a six - foot - four - inch wombat right before his eyes .
For a moment he just stared at me .
Then he exploded .
Labeling me “ a smart - ass ” who was “ out to show him up , ” he banished me to the end of the bench .
Not long after play resumed , however , he quietly inserted me back in the game .
It seems my replacement — one of those players who would “ never miss another block ” — was missing quite a few of them .
There ’s no mistaking the allure of an outlook in which you ’ll make every block , get every job you apply for , close every sales call , and win the heart of every man or woman who catches your eye .
This became clear to me many years post - college when I began research for a book about the human - potential movement .
I quickly realized how invested Americans were in their optimism — and how irate they ’d become at being challenged , or even just questioned , on it ; I was encountering what essayist Barbara Ehrenreich , writing later in Harper ’s , would bracket as “ pathological ” hope .
It ’s a world - view that ’s seductive and uplifting and ennobling — all of that — and yet , evidence and common sense suggest it has nothing to do with setting ( and implementing ) realistic goals , establishing ( and observing ) priorities and , perhaps most important , recognizing valid limitations and obstacles .
In a culture whose unquenchable thirst for self - improvement is projected to reach $ 14 billion in direct expenditures by 2010 ( as forecast by Marketdata Enterprises ) , the primacy of a “ positive mental attitude ” ( PMA ) is unquestioned .
Faith in the catalyzing effect of optimism , self - confidence , and the other variously labeled components of a PMA may be the defining trait of the zeitgeist .
Positivity is the touchstone , the sine qua non of successful American living .
The Rise of the Positive Mental Attitude Movement
Cultural reinforcement of all this is potent and ubiquitous .
Positivity is central to many an Oprah Winfrey Show , while optimism and the general maintenance of a “ can - do spirit ” form the themes of every other self - help best - seller .
Google “ positive mental attitude ” and you will be rewarded with a quarter - million hits .
That ’s not as astonishing as the fact that on the 20th page of hits — the point where most Google results have long since degraded into tertiary meanings — the results for PMA remain tightly focused around the core idea : improving your life through happy thoughts .
Positive thinking even enjoys the imprimatur of the psychological mainstream , thanks to Martin Seligman , author of Learned Optimism : How to Change Your Mind and Your Life and father of so - called positive psychology .
“ Posi- psych ” advocates a glass - is - half - full approach to therapy , and endorses the idea that upbeat thoughts are their own self - fulfilling reward .
Last October , hundreds of psychologists from two dozen nations attended the annual Positive Psychology International Summit , cosponsored by Toyota .
The corporate world is fully bought - in .
According to the American Society for Training and Development , increasing portions of the $ 50 billion or so that companies invest annually in training are earmarked for motivational speakers , off - site seminars , and “ wilderness programs ” designed to instill a positive , confident outlook .
When Meeting Professionals International surveyed its membership in 2004 , 81 % preferred celebrity - delivered motivation over skills - intensive training .
On the lecture circuit , Tony Robbins and his fellow motivational speakers and self - help coaches have been joined by a colorful and improbable cast of self - styled gurus including victims of Alpine disasters , former gang - bangers , and confessed crack addicts ; there ’s even room for a mob turncoat like erstwhile Colombo Family underboss Mike Franzese .
All dutifully explain how they could n’t have done it without their PMAs .
Optimism or the lack thereof drives the oscillations of U.S. financial markets to a greater degree than the measurable performance of the companies listed there .
Former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan certified this truism in that memorable December 1996 speech wherein he used the phrase “ irrational exuberance ” to characterize the climate of investment .
Though Fortune 500 America was no less solvent the day after Greenspan ’s remarks than the day before , Wall Street — its own optimism badly shaken — went into a nosedive .
In politics , leaders making major policy speeches on matters of vital importance will proffer optimism as an IOU for actual results , and it ’s a currency that the American public uncynically accepts .
Former president George W. Bush voiced optimism about any number of things : that the Iraqi government could sustain itself and form the template for a newly democratic Middle East ; that the U.S. could fashion out of disparate agendas an immigration policy that is all things to all people ; that he could defuse those chronic nu-cu - lar tensions between the U.S. and North Korea .
( If he could n’t defuse them , his chief Pentagon Star Wars expert , Lt. Gen. Henry Obering , was optimistic about our chances of shooting down any incoming missiles . )
But even politics takes a back seat to sports , where winning and losing are explained almost entirely in terms of PMA .
In post - game interviews , athletes and their coaches glorify the “ mental game , ” speaking of gut checks and emotional turning points and fire in the belly — everything but the raw physical skills that separate a Roger Federer or Serena Williams from you and me .
The media , too , suspend disbelief when it comes to the putative link between wanting and winning .
Given a successful outcome , sportswriters ignore obvious explanations ( talent ?
lots of practice ?
“ the breaks ” ? ) and strain instead to find the PMA that presaged it .
“ He just wanted it more ” is an oft - heard explanation for why one athlete bested another , even when it comes down to a fractional difference in points or time that could have just as easily gone the other way .
When the Miami Heat bested the Dallas Mavericks in the 2006 NBA Finals , AP set the tone for the authorized media story line by keying its wrap - up to Heat Coach Pat Riley ’s “ promise ” to bring an NBA title to Florida .
That Riley , himself a banquet superstar , made this promise when he first took the helm of the team in 1995 did not seem to trouble anyone ; no more than the fact that a number of teams whose coaches had n’t made any promises managed to win titles in the interim .
The sports - pundits followed the script , framing the Heat ’s victory as vindication of that dusty , 11 - year - old oath .
Such tendencies have produced some exquisitely silly Olympic moments — like the day in Atlanta in 1996 when NBC ’s track announcers seemed determined to credit sprinter Michael Johnson ’s heroics to everything but his foot - speed .
They hailed Johnson ’s confidence , his mental preparation , his inner resolve .
You ’d have thought the possibility that Johnson was simply faster than his opponents did n’t occur to anyone .
In sum , then , it can be said that Americans want to be positive , to surround themselves with others who are positive , to entrust their destinies and very lives to those who exude positivity .
What America really believes in is belief .
The irony is this :
The notion that the riddle of success is more easily solved by attitude than aptitude may be one of the more subtly destructive forces in American society .
Not only is it a reproach to rational thought , but in a society already veering ominously towards narcissism , this “ hyping of hope ” also erodes reverence for hard work , patience , scholarship , self - discipline , self - sacrifice , due diligence and the other time - honored components of success .
The Secret of Self Esteem
A definitive recitation of how we came to this state of affairs is best left to historians and social psychologists .
But one can safely posit that optimism is an American “ race memory ” : a logical extension of the pioneering spirit and sense of manifest destiny that drove the earliest settlers .
As New York Times editorial board member Adam Cohen has written : “ Pessimism … is the most un-American of philosophies . ”
Positivity is in the American gene .
It ’s also subtly evoked in the founding precept of American democracy , the poetic declaration that “ all men are created equal , ” which proponents of mental attitude have bastardized to imply that “ all men [ and women ] are equally capable . ”
Or , recast in the importunate language that ’s typical of self - help materials , “ Do n’t let anyone take away your dreams ! ”
The universal appeal of that sentiment was unmistakable in the positive - thinking phenomenon of 2007 , The Secret — with its reported 6 million books and DVDs now in circulation .
Anchored in the so - called Law of Attraction , The Secret argues that we are “ living magnets ” — that what we believe in , good or bad , will find its way to us .
Armed with “ knowledge that has been known by the greatest leaders , discoverers and philosophers , ” says The Secret ’s creator , Rhonda Byrne , “ there is not anything any human cannot be , do or have … not a single thing .
No limits whatsoever . ”
To Byrne , mind governs matter .
And that ’s that .
Like many of the touchy - feely messages that flood modern America , The Secret is about the rejection of the “ inconvenient ” truths of the physical world .
In the broad culture , science and logic have fallen out of fashion .
We are , after all , a people who increasingly abandon orthodox medicine for mind - body regimens whose own advocates not only refuse to cite clinical proof , but dismiss science itself as “ disempowering . ”
( The rallying cry that “ you have within you the energies you need to heal ” is one reason why visits to practitioners of all forms of alternative medicine now outnumber visits to traditional family doctors by a margin approaching two - to - one . )
What I find most remarkable about The Secret , however , is that it somehow mainstreamed the solipsistic “ life is whatever you think it is ” mindset that once was associated with mental illnesses like schizophrenia .
The Secret was ( and remains ) the perfect totem for its time , uniquely captivating two polar generations : Baby Boomers reaching midlife en masse and desperate to unshackle themselves from everything they ’ve been until now ; and young adults weaned on indulgent parenting and — especially — indulgent schooling .
Indeed , if there was a watershed moment in modern positive thinking , it would have to be the 1970s advent of self - esteem - based education : a broad - scale social experiment that made lab rats out of millions of American children .
At the time , it was theorized that a healthy ego would help students achieve greatness ( even if the mechanisms required to instill self - worth “ temporarily ” undercut traditional scholarship ) .
Though back then no one really knew what self - esteem did or did n’t do , the nation ’s educational brain trust nonetheless assumed that the more kids had of it , the better .
It followed that almost everything about the scholastic experience was reconfigured to support ego development and positivity about learning and life .
To protect students from the ignominy of failure , schools softened criteria so that far fewer children could fail .
Grading on a curve became more commonplace , even at the lowest levels ; community - based standards replaced national benchmarks .
Red ink began disappearing from students ’ papers as administrators mandated that teachers make corrections in less “ stigmatizing ” colors .
Guidance counselors championed the cause of “ social promotion , ” wherein underperforming grade - schoolers — instead of being left back — are passed along to the next level anyway , to keep them with their friends of like age .
There ensued a wholesale celebration of mediocrity : Schools abandoned their honor rolls , lest they bruise the feelings of students who failed to make the cut .
Jean Twenge , author of Generation Me : Why Today ’s Young Americans Are More Confident , Assertive , Entitled … and More Miserable Than Ever Before , tells of pizza parties that “ used to be only for children who made A’s , but in recent years the school has invited every child who simply passed . ”
( Twenge also writes of teachers who were discouraged from making corrections that might rob a student of his pride as an “ individual speller . ” )
Banned were schoolyard games that inherently produced winners and losers ; there could be no losers in this brave new world of positive vibes .
Amid all this , kids ’ shirts and blouses effectively became bulletin boards for a hodge - podge of ribbons , pins and awards that commemorated everything but real achievement .
Sometimes , the worse the grades , the more awards a student got , under the theory that in order to make at - risk kids excel , you first had to make them feel optimistic and empowered .
In the decades since self - esteem - based priorities commandeered the American educational agenda , SAT scores , grade inflation , graduation rates , America ’s performance in international testing in math and science , and other , less tangible barometers have demonstrated that scholastic greatness is not what self - esteem promotes .
Administrators discovered that those “ temporary ” relaxations in standards had to be institutionalized in a systemic way after students who were shunted on to the next level could n’t — or would n’t ? — do the higher - level work , either .
Over time , grade inflation trickled all the way up into secondary education .
( The number of incoming freshmen who now need remedial courses in order to handle college math and other work borders on alarming — 40 % , in one study by the Evergreen Freedom Foundation , a Washington - state think tank . )
Tellingly , when psychologists Harold Stevenson and James Stigler compared the academic skills of grade - school students in three Asian nations to those of their U.S. peers , the Asians easily outdid the Americans — but when the same students then were asked to rate their academic prowess , the American kids expressed much higher self - appraisals than their foreign counterparts .
In other words , U.S. students gave themselves high marks for lousy work .
Stevenson and Stigler saw this skew as the fallout from the backwards emphasis in American classrooms ; the Brookings Institution 2006 Brown Center Report on Education also found that nations in which families and schools emphasize self - esteem cannot compete academically with cultures where the emphasis is on learning , period .
Today academic journals brim with revisionist articles that lament the plundering of American schools in the name of positivity .
The failure is so complete that self - esteem - based education has been repudiated even by some of its most passionate early voices .
( William R. Coulson , for example , during the 1990s became something of a lachrymal troubadour who traversed the American landscape , confessing his error and begging schools to rethink their programs in self - esteem ) .
The overall cynicism is perhaps best captured by the title of Charles Sykes ’ provocative 1995 book , Dumbing Down Our Kids : Why American Children Feel Good About Themselves but Ca n’t Read , Write or Add .
The real lesson here , though , is n’t that massive doses of positivity failed to yield brilliance — it ’s that the obsession with cultivating optimism and “ inner strength ” actually proved counterproductive .
It is now clear that not only did self - esteem - based educational methodologies not produce excellence , they actually undermined it .
Evidence suggests there have been darker consequences as well .
In falsely praising students and shielding them from failure , the educational system was also “ shielding ” them from the resilience and coping skills that allow the mature adult to process adversity .
Raised in the protective cocoon of the school system , often with ambient reinforcement from hovering moms and dads , kids came of age unprepared for an unforgiving Real World .
Most ominously , by creating a climate of entitlement , the self - esteem movement may have unwittingly helped train children to feel good about dubious , self - serving behavior .
Twenge finds bitter significance in a 2002 report by the Josephson Institute of Ethics , a Los Angeles think tank that studies American mores , which revealed that “ cheating , stealing and lying by high school students have continued their alarming , decade - long upward spiral . ”
The Institute noted that almost three - quarters of students admitted to some form of cheating during the preceding year .
So it would seem that if the school system failed to imbue students with genuine self - esteem , it was more successful at fomenting narcissism .
In the simplest clinical sense , narcissism can be defined as an exaggerated sense of one ’s place in the world .
True narcissists need others only for their usefulness to feed their sense of grandiosity .
And yet narcissism is a paradoxical affliction , in that narcissists are never truly secure in their bloated sense of self - worth ; they crave constant validation .
Is it not reasonable that such a condition might result from schooling that touts empty , unsubstantiated self - worth ?
That ’s precisely what psychologist Charles Elliott concludes in his book , Hollow Kids : Recapturing the Soul of a Generation Lost to the Self - Esteem Myth .
And Elliott is hardly a lone voice in the wilderness .
“ One of the most troubling aspects of self - esteem for its own sake is that you run the risk of producing kids who ca n’t tolerate challenges to the façade you ’ve built up in them , ” academic psychologist Roy Baumeister , a leading figure in self - esteem research , told me in a 2004 interview for my book , SHAM : How the Self - Help Movement Made America Helpless .
This is no small matter , because narcissism is rampant today , as diagnosed by an assessment tool known as the Narcissistic Personality Inventory ( NPI ) .
Twenge , who is also a psychologist at San Diego State University , examined the responses of 16,475 college students who ’d completed the NPI between 1982 and 2006 .
She found a 30 - percent jump in students who scored “ above - average ” for narcissism between those two end dates — a period of intense self - esteem - building activity throughout American culture .
And this , in turn , is important because of the growing body of research linking narcissism and aggression .
Many of these intricate behavioral relationships have only recently been explored in depth , and one wants to avoid the leaps of faith that marked the early self - esteem movement .
Still , the work of such psychology notables as Baumeister , Jennifer Crocker , and Nicholas Emler affirms that the strongest marker for serious antisocial behavior is not “ low self - esteem , ” as once theorized , but rather ultra - high self - esteem .
Indeed , Baumeister ’s groundbreaking study , published in 1998 in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , revealed that the highest levels of self - worth and / or narcissism are often found in serial killers , drug dealers and other misanthropes .
Baumeister ’s collaborator in the study , psychologist Brad Bushman , told Science Daily , “ If kids begin to develop unrealistically optimistic opinions of themselves , and those beliefs are constantly rejected by others , their feelings of self - love could make them dangerous to those around them . ”
Corporate Confidence
It bears noting that the self - esteem movement was the result of one of the most colossal logical gaffes on record .
Educational psychologists had observed that children who make good grades generally scored a bit higher in self - esteem than poor students .
So — they reasoned — all they had to do to transform low achievers into high achievers was “ bolt on ” some extra self - esteem .
What the educators failed to realize , of course , was that they ’d inverted causation :
The kids with good grades had higher self - esteem because of the grades , not vice versa .
Nonetheless , such lessons are lost on the modern - day champions of positive thinking , who continue to breach the most basic rules of logic and evidence :
The “ zero limits ” subculture argues that anything is possible through the sheer and single - minded application of will .
Lampooning the idea , management consultant Payson Hall writes : “ The other day I broke a 12 ″ x 12 ″ x 1 ″ pine board with my bare hand after listening to a 90 - minute motivational talk about breaking barriers to achieve goals .
[ But ] the inspirational message , ‘ you can do whatever you are committed to , ’ troubled me …
I suspect the session facilitator would have agreed , particularly if I had produced a 12 ″ x 12 ″ x 1 ″ steel plate . ”
Then again , common sense never deterred a PMA guru intent on making his point .
Nor did good taste .
When parts of San Diego were engulfed in flames in 2007 , self - help guru Joe Vitale noted on his blog that the inferno had spared the homes of some of his fellow contributors to The Secret , strongly implying that less fortunate homeowners had brought the cataclysm on themselves by being insufficiently optimistic .
PMA relies greatly on argument - by - example , touting successful , positive people as proof that “ you can do it , too ! ”
From an evidentiary standpoint , it ’s farcical to cherry - pick successful people , ask them about their state of mind , discover that they feel good about life , then use that “ research ” in arguing that a positive attitude promotes success .
How many unsuccessful people also felt positive — until their lives took an unexpected turn for the worse ?
Such rationales make as much sense as using Bill Gates and Ted Turner , two noteworthy college dropouts , as evidence for the theory that skipping college leads to untold wealth ( or noting that Kobe Bryant has an unusual name and therefore assuming that if you give your child an equally unusual name he ’ll end up an NBA superstar ) .
Far worse is when the gurus of PMA actually use the likes of Gates and Turner as “ proof ” of “ why a college degree is n’t as important as a good attitude . ”
Gates and Turner beat the odds .
The vast majority of college dropouts do n’t fare as well , no matter how positive they may be .
A Proven Winner : The Champion Mindset in Sports
Hoping to imbue their ideologies with a mystical panache , the PMA crowd has invented an argot of high - minded nonsense — phrases that ca n’t truly be defined , let alone quantified or applied to real life .
This fusillade of clichés and buzzwords seldom resolves into a cohesive philosophy .
I ’m watching the Beijing Olympics as I write this , and judging by the commentary from various commentators — all experts in their respective sports — the ideal Olympian is a calm yet fiery competitor who ’s both relaxed and driven , patient and hungry ; an athlete who stays within himself while knowing how to stretch .
This supremely confident ( but not overconfident ) individual goes into competition with a clear mind as well as intense concentration ; perceives the importance of winning but does n’t worry about losing ; knows how to pace himself but always gives 110 % — and still has another gear left if he needs it .
This is a competitor who leaves it all on the field while also knowing that sometimes it ’s best to live to fight another day …
I defy anyone to find all of those disparate qualities in the same ( sane ) person .
Clearly , at the end of the day , the so - called champion mindset is whatever works for the champion in question .
Which means , in effect , there ’s no such thing as a champion mindset , per se .
It could be an insufferable braggadocio for one athlete and an aw - shucks modesty for his chief rival .
We saw this at Torino , in fact , in the stark contrast between U.S. skiers Bode ( the walking ego ) Miller and Ted ( “ I ’m just happy to be here ” ) Ligety .
Similarly , the seminar giants speak of superstar players involved in complex team enterprises as if such players can reach out , Uri Geller - like , and bend dozens of unknown variables into an orderly pattern that leads inexorably to victory .
Consider : “ He ’s a proven winner ” or , more specifically , “ He knows how to win , ” accolades often bestowed on top - tier athletes like , say , New York Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter .
What does that mean ?
How could it possibly be so ?
Does Jeter , standing at short , emit waves of invisible energy that somehow prevent his pitcher from giving up runs ?
And if Jeter can motivate himself ( and / or a teammate ) to get that clutch hit in the ninth inning — why does he wait so long ?
Why not put the game safely out of reach much earlier ?
Moreover , how does one explain crushing Yankees losses ?
If the man can simply “ conjure ” victories at will , then why , in 2002 , the year the Yankees swept to a pennant by winning 103 games during the regular season , did Derek Jeter permit the team to get drummed out of the playoffs by the California Angels ?
Did he suddenly forget how to win when it mattered most ?
You Too Can Be President : Delusional Optimism
Today ’s most enthusiastic champions of positive thinking — not content with promising mere individual excellence — portray their quest as the rising tide that lifts all boats , supposedly enabling America as a whole to reach new levels of fulfillment .
It ’s an appealing prospect , albeit an impossible one , because so many competitive pursuits are zero-sum affairs :
For each winner , there are multiple losers .
There is simply no way for this goulash of competing aspirations to reduce to an orderly society in which there must be management and labor , rich and less rich , winners and also - rans .
And the absurdity begins with the cornerstone message of scholastic positive - thinking assemblies everywhere : “ You can be president of the Unites States , if you really want to ! ”
Even leaving aside the countless contextual factors that may derail a run for the White House , the simple arithmetic dearth of opportunity — the fact that at any given moment there will be perhaps 10 presidencies available to 150 million or so Americans between age 35 and their death — rules out the dream for just about all who dream it .
A more truthful message would be , “ You have much higher odds of being struck by lightning than of ever becoming president of the United States .
But relax ; there ’s virtually no chance that you ’ll ever be struck by lightning , either . ”
Once again here — as we saw with self - esteem — this is n’t merely silly .
There ’s a distinct downside to baseless positivity .
In the business world , positive thinking too often expresses itself as an aversion to contingency planning .
Surely one of the most vexing aspects of today ’s PMA - driven corporate culture is the way it bullies cautious workers into remaining close - mouthed about any red flags they see in a given strategy or undertaking .
Frank discussions of risk are construed as evidence of negativity , or even “ laying the groundwork for failure . ”
Employees who voice reasonable concerns may be labeled “ gloom - and - doomers ” — and hear themselves disparaged during periodic evaluations for “ not being team players . ”
In their Harvard Business Review article , “ Delusions of Success ” — about the current atmosphere in corporate America — authors Dan Lovallo and Daniel Kahneman are forthright : “ We reward optimism and interpret pessimism as disloyalty . ”
Ironically , the failure to address risk — what Lovallo and Kahneman call “ delusional optimism ” — becomes a risk factor in its own right .
One is mindful of the memorable quote from Russell Ackoff in his classic book , Management in Small Doses :
“ The cost of preparing for critical events that do not occur is generally very small in comparison to the cost of being unprepared for those that do . ”
Farther along in an ill - fated project , PMA again rears its ugly head in the form of a dogged refusal to acknowledge defeat .
As consultant Payson Hall writes , the idea that “ any project is possible , given a ‘ can do ’ attitude ” has “ proven to be a very expensive and destructive misconception . ”
Good money gets thrown after bad , because , after all , if you truly believe … how can you fail ?
Management consultant Jay Kurtz has a more colorful spin on the same familiar pitfall .
“ The most dangerous person in corporate America , ” Kurtz once told me , “ is the highly enthusiastic incompetent .
He ’s always running too fast in the wrong direction . ”
Positive Productivity v. Cranky Competence
For the record , studies of the alleged link between positivity and productivity hardly show a straight - line correlation .
Though surveys do show that American workers are both highly productive and relatively upbeat , one cannot posit a causal relationship without adjusting for the myriad ambient variables that make American life so much more uplifting to begin with .
History ’s most rigorous studies , like the bellwether 1985 effort by occupation psychologists Hackett and Guion , cast doubt on even the most basic correlations you ’d expect to find — for example , between job satisfaction and low absenteeism .
It should be noted that in Japan , the very wellspring of “ 5S ” and other vaunted productivity programs currently overspreading Fortune 500 America , employees are n’t exactly giddy .
According to a 2002 study by Andrew Oswald , an economics professor at University of Warwick , UK , just 30 % of Japanese workers describe themselves as “ happy ” on the job .
In the end , there ’s scant reliable evidence that a positive attitude has much to do with the result of any objectively measurable enterprise .
There is , in fact , modest but intriguing evidence that a positive outlook may be bad for business .
Last year a University of Alberta psychology team studied multiple groups of workers assembling printed circuits and deemed the crankier employees superior to their upbeat counterparts .
The cheerful people were too invested in their cheerfulness and devoted significant energy to perpetuating it .
Their grimacing co-workers simply threw themselves into their work — and did it better : Malcontents made half as many mistakes .
( Nor , for that matter , should we dismiss the role played by undue optimism in the recent mortgage / housing meltdown — on the part of lenders and borrowers alike . )
Bodybuilder Mike Mahler , meanwhile , breaks ranks with most of those in the physical - training arts by indicting today ’s attitude über alles culture as “ a guaranteed way to never achieve your goals …
Let ’s say that you are broke , overweight , and have no friends .
You decide to apply positive thinking …
You tell yourself that you are lucky to be you and walk around with a smile on your face .
Is this really addressing the problem ? ”
Sagely , Mahler notes that it is discontent that “ motivates action and change . ”
Discontent and — just maybe ? — the willingness to accept failure .
Expect Failure … But Keep Trying
Meet Dr. James Hill .
He ’s director of the Center for Human Nutrition , an NIH - funded agency that Hill oversees from his post as professor of pediatrics at the University of Colorado .
Hill wondered why most folks who lose weight on fad diets soon regain it all and then some .
Working jointly with counterparts at the University of Pittsburgh , Hill ’s team has compiled a National Weight Control Registry comprising 4500 individuals who have lost at least 30 pounds and kept it off for at least a full year .
After surveying and studying that database , Hill has identified key characteristics that enabled these dieters to achieve their impressive results , and he has distilled them down to a series of tips .
Among the first tips is this : Expect failure … but keep trying .
Expect failure ?
Not something you ’d hear on Oprah , eh ?
Nonetheless , at least among Hill ’s dieters , it was the anticipation of failure — combined , yes , with the will to persevere — that paved the way for success .
A mantra like expect failure but keep trying is a perfect example of the commonsensical middle ground that has zero chance of gaining traction in today ’s pop culture .
Americans are conditioned to suckle at the teat of the categorical , uplifting message .
Many of us do n’t want to hear “ maybe you can do it , and maybe you can ’t . ”
Even if it ’s true .
We ’d rather cling to the notion that “ of course you can do it ! ”
Even if it ’s false .
The president is being sworn in for a second five - year term Malawi's President Bingu wa Mutharika has been sworn in for a second five - year term .
During an inauguration ceremony attended by several regional leaders , Mr Mutharika said fighting corruption would continue to be a top priority .
Earlier Malawi's election commission said he had won more than 2.7 m votes , with nearest rival John Tembo taking nearly 1.3 m .
The opposition , which contests the results , boycotted the inauguration .
During the ceremony in the main stadium in Blantyre , Mr Mutharika said : " I shall continue to fight corruption because it is evil ... it robs the poor and denies them their legitimate right to a decent living . "
Presidents attending the event included Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe , Zambia 's Rupiya Banda , and Mozambique 's Armando Guebuza .
These elections have been rigged
John Tembo
Malawi Congress Party leader
Bingu wa Mutharika : Leading man Q&A : Elections in Malawi
The BBC's Raphael Tenthani at the event says the 50,000 - capacity arena was packed full , with the official blue party colour of Mr Mutharika 's Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) everywhere .
DPP supporters sang " Moses Wa Lero " , describing Mr Mutharika as a " modern-day Moses " .
Mr Mutharika , a 75 - year - old former World Bank official , saw his DPP take the lion 's share of parliamentary votes .
Foreign concern Mr Mutharika 's running mate Joyce Banda , becomes the first female vice - president in Malawi 's history .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
International poll monitors said they were " extremely concerned " by what they called a lack of balanced coverage from state media during the campaign .
Mr Tembo rejected the official results , telling reporters that they had been " rigged " .
But his opposition coalition partner , former President Bakili Muluzi , who had backed Mr Tembo after being himself barred from seeking a third term , congratulated Mr Mutharika .
The poll followed a five - year feud between Mr Muluzi and his successor .
Mr Mutharika was elected in 2004 but then fell out with Mr Muluzi , accusing his one - time backer of trying to stonewall his anti-corruption drive .
Poverty , agriculture and health care are the big issues for Malawi , where two - thirds of the 14 million population lives on less than $ 1 a day and Aids has orphaned an estimated one million children .
Your comments :
The general feeling here in Malawi is that of jubilation .
Many of us knew that Bingu would win but certainly not with a landslide victory .
This was a protest vote .
Not many Malawians would have wanted to go back to UDF or MCP rule .
On the face of it and to every Malawian , it 's clear that the country is on course to make considerable strides in development .
Chivwiko , Blantyre , Malawi
It is inevitable that John Tembo will attempt to muddy the water by disputing the election results , but the BBC should be clear that this is a very different situation to the recent polls in Kenya and Zimbabwe .
Mutharika has enormous popular support , and has had the most successful economic , social and governance record of any Malawian president .
We hope that his is able to use the new DPP legislative majority for the benefit of the Malawian people .
Nick , Lilongwe , Malawi Malawi has once again renewed her reputation of being the Warm Heart of Africa , a shining beacon of African Democracy .
When the World was in anticipation to witness electoral upheavals , now so much akin to the continent , Malawians have instead demonstrated that peace and tranquility can lace up elections in Africa when they turned out in large numbers to vote into Government a man who by any measure deserves to lead them for another 5 - year term .
Paul , Lilongwe , Malawi
The fact is that Dr Bingu Wa Mutharika is a genuine winner of the elections .
For the first time in the history of elections in Malawi , people have not voted on regional , tribal and religious lines .
This is what has deceived Tembo into thinking that Bingu has rigged the elections .
African leaders should come to terms with the bitter fact that in every presidential election there can only be one winner .
I can describe this year 's elections as the most successful in the history of Malawi .
The whole electoral process was very transparent .
No single incident of violence was reported on the voting day .
Malawi's democracy is fast maturing .
Malani , Nkhotakota , Malawi
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ / caption ]
I came across a new website , and it has an interesting purpose : the website proposes to create a Space Exploration Day national holiday in the US , and fittingly , suggests July 20 as the date .
July 20 , of course , is the date that the Apollo 11 mission landed on the Moon , and this year we celebrate the 40th anniversary of that historic mission .
The official website for the Space Exploration Day invites US citizens to sign a petition to create this new holiday , which they suggest could be on the order of Flag Day .
Additionally , the website advocates July 16 – 24 be designated as a period of U.S. Space Observance , in commemoration of the nine day Apollo 11 Mission .
From the website :
“ Whereas on July 20 , 1969 , the people of the world were brought closer together by the first manned exploration of the Moon ; … ”
“ Whereas in this same spirit of greatness that made possible , the placing of astronauts on the Moon can be applied to all noble pursuits , including peace , brotherhood , advancement of the human spirit , and the exploration of new frontiers for the benefit of all mankind … ”
I think it is a great idea .
Read the rest on the Space Exploration Day official website , and if you think it ’s a good idea , too , sign the petition .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
James Risen and Eric Lichtblau report in the New York Times today that the NSA may have exceeded the wiretapping authority it was given by Congress in 2008 .
The whole story is pretty vague , and introduces the unknown - to - me euphemism “ over - collection , ” which apparently means that technical problems led NSA to ” ‘ target ’ groups of Americans and collect their domestic communications without proper court authority . ”
But then there ’s this buried in the middle of the story , which is n’t vague at all :
New details are also emerging about earlier domestic surveillance activities , including the agency ’s attempt to wiretap a congressman without court approval on an overseas trip , according to interviews with current and former intelligence officials .
….
The agency believed that the congressman , whose identity could not be determined , was in contact as part of a congressional delegation to the Middle East in 2005 or 2006 with an extremist who had possible terrorist ties and was already under surveillance , the official said .
The agency then sought to eavesdrop on the congressman ’s conversations to gather more intelligence , the official said .
The official said the plan was ultimately blocked because of concerns from some officials in the intelligence community about the idea of using the N.S.A. , without court oversight , to spy on a member of Congress .
Jesus .
If a member of Congress is n’t a “ United States person ” protected from warrantless surveillance by every version of FISA that ’s ever been on the books , who is ?
Should n’t this have set off alarm bells at every possible level at NSA , rather than merely being “ ultimately blocked ” because “ some ” officials had “ concerns ” about it ?
SILVER LINING UPDATE : Looking on the bright side , maybe this will finally motivate Congress to take NSA surveillance more seriously .
Having one of their own members come within a hair ’s breadth of being an NSA target ought to concentrate their minds wonderfully , if anything will .
Information
Filename : Science , - it - works - bitches.jpg
Size : 570x2334
Uploaded : 2009-05-01
Popular tags on the site
dilbert dubai bonton 1nsane yuko himos rx7 ranma smashing mariage donnamodelo.com rippenspreizer megaten paintball glastonbury renee 1999 manga falco ka_series_l avril giger ryushin_14 cat death_note fxc spain krystal ebooks comic invasion cia ryushin_15 bier forza soepkip sprites magic ryushin_09 rwpeuro2006 jessica family emma shevington stephy cheerleader hr_giger wallpaper chubby
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
Prominent members of the British National party are today revealed as Nazi-sympathisers and racists with abhorrent views on such diverse issues as teenage violence , David Beckham and even David Cameron 's deceased son , Ivan .
The revelations undermine the party 's attempts to paint itself in a more moderate light before the local and European elections and threaten to derail the electoral ambitions of its leader , Nick Griffin , who is standing as a prospective MEP .
At a time when BNP activists are claiming a surge in support in the polls , a reflection , they say , of mounting public outrage over MPs ' expenses , the party has been keen to portray itself as a viable alternative to mainstream political parties .
The BNP website boasts that money is flooding into its campaign headquarters .
Its administration consultant , Jim Dowson , claims the party 's call centre alone received just under 12,000 calls in the first 15 minutes following the BNP 's first national television broadcast .
And in emails to supporters - or " patriots " as the BNP calls them - Griffin claims almost £ 400,000 has been stumped up by supporters to help fund the party 's European election campaign .
It claims the apparent groundswell in support is down to the " British public waking from the long , deep sleep " .
Much of the BNP 's recent success has been down to its ability to shake off the patina of far - right extremism that has alienated most voters since its inception .
But this month the veneer slipped when it emerged that a Salford - based BNP candidate in the European elections had set his Facebook status to read " Wogs go home " .
Eddy O'Sullivan , 49 , wrote : " They are nice people - oh yeah - but can they not be nice people in the fucking Congo or ... bongo land or whatever ? "
O'Sullivan , who also joined an internet group called " Fuck Islam " , denied that the comments were racist and insisted they were made in private conversations between individuals .
" I also may have had a drink at the time , " he added .
Amid the furore , the BNP 's leaders promised an investigation into O'Sullivan 's comments .
The party 's officials also circulated urgent emails urging its members that " particular care should be taken when making comments on chat forums and other sites such as Facebook .
Do not make the mistake of thinking that comments posted on these sites are secret or hidden .
Making inappropriate comments on these sites will be regarded as a very serious disciplinary offence .
Please ensure that this message is passed quickly to all members in your area and that it is acted upon .
We are entering a very critical time in our party 's history and cannot afford careless and stupid talk that can undermine the hard work of our activists . "
But the anti-fascist organisation Searchlight has spent months infiltrating the far right 's network of websites and chatrooms and found that many BNP activists share O'Sullivan 's views .
They include :
• Jeffrey Marshall , senior organiser for the BNP 's London European election campaign .
Following the death of David Cameron 's disabled son Ivan , Marshall claimed in an internet forum discussion : " We live in a country today which is unhealthily dominated by an excess of sentimentality towards the weak and unproductive .
No good will come of it . "
Later , in response to comments made by others on the site , Marshall is alleged to have written : " There is not a great deal of point in keeping these people alive after all . "
He said the comments were private and some had been paraphrased and taken out of context .
He admitted making the former comment , but said he could not recall making the latter one in an email to the forum , a copy of which is in the Observer 's possession .
• Garry Aronsson , Griffin 's running mate for the European parliament in the North West , posts an avatar on his personal web page featuring a Nazi SS death 's head alongside the statement , " Speak English Or Die ! "
Aronsson proclaims on the site : " Every time you change your way of life to make immigrants more comfortable you betray OUR future ! "
He lists his hobbies as " devising slow and terrible ways of paying back the Guardian - reading cunts who have betrayed the British people into poverty and slavery .
I AM NOT JOKING . "
• Barry Bennett , MEP candidate for the South West , posted several years ago under a pseudonym in a white supremacist forum the bizarre statement that " David Beckham is not white , he 's a black man . "
Bennett , who is half - Jewish according to the BNP 's deputy leader , Simon Darby , continued : " Beckham is an insult to Britishness , and I 'm glad he 's not here . "
He added : " I know perfectly respectable half - Jews in the BNP ... even Hitler had honorary Aryans who were of Jewish descent ... so whatever 's good enough for Hitler 's good enough for me .
God rest his soul . "
• Russ Green , MEP candidate for the West Midlands , posted recently on Darby 's web page : " If we allowed Indians , Africans , etc to join [ the BNP ] , we would become the ' British multi- National party ' ... and I really do hope that never happens ! "
Darby said he echoed Green 's sentiments .
• Dave Strickson , a BNP organiser who helps run its eastern region European election campaign , carried on his personal " Thurrock Patriots " blog a recent report of the fatal stabbing of a teenager in east London beneath the words " Another teen stabbed in Coon Town " .
The site also carried a mock - up racist version of the US dollar entitled " Obama Wog Dollar " .
Darby said the BNP did not endorse these comments and described them as " beyond the pale " .
When confronted in the past about the extreme views of some of its members , the BNP senior hierarchy has often tried to dismiss them as unrepresentative of the party 's core membership .
But it appears that they run right to the top of the party .
Lee Barnes , the BNP 's senior legal officer and one of Griffin 's closest allies , has posted a video on his personal blog of a black suspect being beaten by police officers in the US and describes it as " brilliant " .
Barnes adds : " The beating of Rodney King still makes me laugh . "
Barnes told the Observer his comments were " nothing to do with colour " but were merely a reflection of his belief that the police should have more powers to punish perpetrators of crime by " giving them a good thrashing " .
But anti-fascist groups said such comments portrayed the BNP in its true light .
" This is the face of the modern BNP , " said a spokesman for Searchlight .
" The comments of Nick Griffin 's candidates and officials are sickening beyond belief .
They have tried to hide their agenda of racism and hate from the voters , and they have failed . "
Separately , concerns exist about the historic links between the BNP and extremist groups .
Gary Pudsey , a BNP organiser running the Yorkshire and Humber campaign , was once a regular at National Front meetings .
A young Pudsey was also photographed with the late Max Waegg , a Nazi second world war pilot who wrote articles for the white supremacist magazine Spearhead
Martin Page is a BNP treasurer and his wife Kim is a senior fundraiser for the party .
Both have been photographed alongside Benny Bullman , the lead singer of Whitelaw , the white supremacist band whose songs include Fetch the Noose , We 're Coming for You and For White Pride .
And Dowson , the BNP 's senior administrator , who appears on the party 's website talking about the success of its call centre 's fundraising activities , has also been dogged by allegations that he has enjoyed close relationships with hardline loyalist groups in the past .
The 45 - year - old has also been the public face of the LifeLeague , the militant anti-abortion group that has hijacked Britain 's pro-life debate .
He has regularly appeared on television to pronounce terminations a sin and has published the names of abortion clinic staff , placing many in fear for their personal safety .
That the BNP has become a magnet for extreme - right sympathisers is understandable given Griffin 's own background .
The Cambridge graduate was himself a member of the NF before going on to form the International Third Position , a neo - fascist organisation with links to the Italian far right .
But aware of the party 's need to raise funds from middle England , Griffin has repeatedly attempted to portray his party as the " reasonable " face of patriotism in its bid to broaden its appeal .
The approach has paid dividends , with the party having gained 55 seats on local councils , including a seat on the Greater London Authority .
This June it is contesting every UK seat at the European elections and there have been predictions it could win overall control of Stoke City Council .
Darby , Griffin 's deputy and the BNP 's spokesman , accused Searchlight of " distorting the BNP 's message " in a bid to derail its political ambitions .
He accused the organisation of being " merely a front for the Labour party , paid for by National Lottery funds " .
Darby said : " When you put it in the context of what 's been happening at Westminster , a few scribblings on Facebook hardly seems something to get worried about . "
NSA spied on member of Congress and broke new laws , report says RAW STORY
Published : Thursday April 16 , 2009
Print This Email This UPDATE ( at bottom ) : Senate intelligence committee plans hearing on reported NSA violations
An article in The New York Times detailing new violations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act reports that in recent months the National Security Agency has been intercepting the communications of Americans on a scale going well beyond the broad legal limits established last year by Congress .
Even more shocking , the paper reveals that under the Bush administration the NSA spied on a member of Congress and sought to wiretap the lawmaker without a warrant .
Reports the Times :
And in one previously undisclosed episode , the N.S.A. tried to wiretap a member of Congress without a warrant , an intelligence official with direct knowledge of the matter said .
The agency believed that the congressman , whose identity could not be determined , was in contact  as part of a Congressional delegation to the Middle East in 2005 or 2006  with an extremist who had possible terrorist ties and was already under surveillance , the official said .
The agency then sought to eavesdrop on the congressmans conversations , the official said .
The official said the plan was ultimately blocked because of concerns from some intelligence officials about using the N.S.A. , without court oversight , to spy on a member of Congress .
According to the Times , the NSA unintentionally spies on many Americans because it can't distinguish between American and non-American calls as " it uses its access to American telecommunications companies  fiber - optic lines and its own spy satellites to intercept millions of calls and e-mail messages . "
The NSA 's operational problems have " come under scrutiny from the Obama administration , Congressional intelligence committees and a secret national security court , " and officials are concerned that the controversy " could damage the credibility of legitimate intelligence - gathering efforts . "
The Justice Department has already issued a statement confirming the problems but insisting that it has taken " comprehensive steps to correct the situation and bring the program into compliance . "
However , constitutional lawyer Glenn Greenwald suggests that " these widespread eavesdropping abuses enabled by the 2008 FISA bill -- a bill passed with the support of Barack Obama along with the entire top Democratic leadership in the House , including Nancy Pelosi and Steny Hoyer , and substantial numbers of Democratic Senators -- are n't a bug in that bill , but rather , were one of the central features of it . "
" Everyone knew that the FISA bill which Congressional Democrats passed -- and which George Bush and Dick Cheney celebrated -- would enable these surveillance abuses , " Greenwald continues .
" That was the purpose of the law : to gut the safeguards in place since the 1978 passage of FISA , destroy the crux of the oversight regime over executive surveillance of Americans , and enable and empower unchecked government spying activities .
This was not an unintended and unforeseeable consequence of that bill .
To the contrary , it was crystal clear that by gutting FISA 's safeguards , the Democratic Congress was making these abuses inevitable . "
" There are exceedingly few specifics in [ the Times ] story detailing exactly what the abuses were , " Greenwald says in conclusion " In other words , most of the information about the NSA 's abuses remain concealed .
We have learned only a small fraction of what took place . "
Read the full New York Times story here .
UPDATE : Senate intelligence committee plans hearing on reported NSA violations
According to a follow - up report published mid-day , Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - CA ) told the Times :
 These are serious allegations , and we will make sure we get the facts .
The committee is looking into this , and we will hold a hearing on this subject within one month . "
Sen . Feinstein is the head of the Senate intelligence committee .
Senator Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) , a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Senate Intelligence Committee , sent out a press release in the Thursday morning hours after the Times story was published .
In reaction , Feingold writes , " Since 2001 , I have spent a lot of time in the Intelligence Committee , the Judiciary Committee , and on the floor of the Senate bringing attention to both the possible and actual effects of legislation that has dangerously expanded the power of the executive branch to spy on innocent Americans . "
" Despite these efforts , Congress insisted on enacting several measures including the USA PATRIOT Act , the Protect America Act , and the FISA Amendments
Act , embarking on a tragic retreat from the principles that had governed the sensitive area of government surveillance for the previous three decades , " Feingold added .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
If you read the Rakudo # 17 release announcement carefully , you 'll see a curious note :
Due to the continued rapid pace of Rakudo development and the frequent addition of new Perl 6 features and bugfixes , we continue to recommend that people wanting to use or work with Rakudo obtain the latest source directly from the main repository at github .
Though Rakudo produces monthly releases ( as does Parrot ) , the pace of development is so fast that Rakudo # 17 ( released a week ago ) does n't represent Rakudo very well as it exists today .
When someone like Jonathan can close ten bugs in an eight - hour day , or a simultaneous change to Parrot and Rakudo can make 1000 spectests suddenly pass for the first time , or a two - character change to Parrot provides a 6.5 % runtime performance improvement , a month - old Rakudo release seems ancient in comparison .
Adam Kennedy asked a valid question , however .
" Given the recommendation that interested parties track your repository , why bother making releases ? "
There are several reasons .
Helping Users
Users benefit from regular releases .
If they want to use the software -- take advantage of new features or bugfixes -- they can do so without having to manage checkouts .
Though the project may keep its trunk as stable as possible , it 's not always perfect .
Trunk represents a work in progress .
A release is a stable point the developers believe will work well for regular users .
An official release is much easier for distributions and packagers .
If users can get binary releases on a regular basis , they do n't even have to know how to configure and build the software to take advantage of new features or bugfixes .
A well - managed official release is easier to upgrade to if the delta between releases is small .
I recently helped migrate a server from an ancient Red Hat 7 installation to a modern Ubuntu version .
We had to recreate almost everything ; little besides user data copied over directly .
Now we can keep the server up to date with two simple commands once a week .
Sometimes the changes are greater than others , but for the most part , it 's transparent and easy .
Helping Developers
A release gets wider distribution and testing than a snapshot or trunk ( in the same way that trunk gets more testing than branches ) .
Bug reports , IRC and mailing list traffic , and even commits increase in the days leading up to and following a release .
Regular releases provide an incentive to keep quality high .
Packaging , testing on exotic platforms , and documentation tend to suffer first when there 's too much to do .
If your release process requires you to perform some routine work , you 'll do it when the release is near .
( Of course if you have irregular releases , this busywork can seem overwhelming -- which is why some projects slip their releases continually . )
Regular releases require you to keep your trunk stable and releasable .
Not only does this help you produce the next release on time , but it prevents some of the madcap scrambling that can occur if you need to make an emergency release .
Hopefully you never have to do this , but the confidence that comes from knowing that a dozen people could produce a release with an hour or two of notice is electrifying .
Regular releases also require you to work in small pieces .
Large branch merges can destabilize the trunk for days or weeks .
If you can't avoid them altogether , there 's a natural time for them to merge : just after a release .
Branches that have n't seen activity in a couple of release cycles seem old and crufty .
( There 's a reason they have n't merged . )
A regular release cycle produces a measurable cadence .
You can graph the commit rate to various parts of Parrot on a calendar .
Larger or deeper changes occur just after a release -- there 's pent - up demand , and much of Parrot 's major progress has occurred in this timeframe .
Smaller features merge in the next couple of weeks .
The test suite and documentation get reviewed a few days before a release .
Regular releases expose problems in the project .
Perhaps your test server is inadequate and you can't get results when you need them .
Perhaps one section of the code depends on the attention of someone who has no free time lately .
Perhaps only one person has access to your web site to update the notice .
You will discover these problems -- and have a chance to fix them before they 're catastrophic .
Helping The Project
A project that never releases software looks dead .
That may not be true , but perception is important .
Regular releases -- especially on a predictable schedule -- demonstrate that your project takes its reputation seriously .
( Please do n't assume that I 'm implying the converse .
You give your users the option to use the best code you have produced at regular intervals .
They do n't have to upgrade , but they have the option .
Regular releases demonstrate that you care about your project .
( Again , please read a disclaimer about the converse here . )
Regular releases keep your project in the news .
As boring as releases should be , they 're still newsworthy .
What 's changed ?
What new feature is available ?
What 's better ?
Regular releases attract new users and developers .
Our regular committer count has jumped since we started performing regular releases .
Our development pace has quickened .
We turned around a floundering project and injected new life into it .
People still have doubts that we can achieve our audacious goals , but every month that we release a new stable version of our software that 's better than every previous month , we demonstrate that we know how to produce modern software .
The real number of swine flu cases in the United States could be “ upwards of 100,000 , ” a top public health official estimated on Friday  far higher than the official count of 7,415 cases confirmed by laboratories .
The official , Dr. Daniel Jernigan , head of flu epidemiology for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said at a news conference that the official number gave an inaccurate picture of the outbreak because so few mildly sick people were being tested .
He added that flu was more prevalent than usual , “ something we would not normally expect at this time of year . ”
But he emphasized that most cases were mild .
There have been 173 hospitalizations and 5 deaths reported to the agency .
The latest death , added Friday , was that of a 33 - year - old man in Corpus Christi , Tex .
The Associated Press reported that he died May 6 of viral pneumonia and had several health problems , including morbid obesity , an enlarged heart and an underactive thyroid .
« bookofjoeTV — Hailey Frances , WCAV - TV anchor - reporter , brings you exclusive footage from live atop the bookofjoe treadmill | Home | Platy Preserve —
Oxygen - free wine preservation in the back country »
March 24 , 2009
How a CT scanner sees the world
Bill Womack sent me a link to this page , writing , " How can I get a home - version CT scanner ? "
" In the summer of 2007 , artist and medical student Satre Stuelke started the Radiology Art project . "
" Stuelke acquires the images on an older four - slice CT scanner that is used for research . "
" Most scan parameters include a 120 kV tube voltage , 100 mA current , 0.625 mm slice thickness and interval , 1:1 pitch , 1.25 mm beam collimation , and a speed of 1.25 mm/ rotation . "
" The resulting DICOM images are then processed in Osirix software on a Macintosh iMac computer . "
" Colors are assigned based on the varying densities of materials present throughout the object . "
" Depending on the spread of densities within a particular subject , black or white backgrounds are chosen .
Images are further processed in Adobe Photoshop for proper contrast and balance . "
Images from the top down : Barbie doll , DeLonghi toaster , mid-20th - century rubber duck , McDonald 's Filet - O - Fish sandwich , wind - up drumming bunny , Swanson 's Hungry Man TV dinner , toy rocket .
March 24 , 2009 at 03:01 PM | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c5dea53ef01156e4ded2d970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference How a CT scanner sees the world :
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed .
The 2009 Formula One World Championship season has held only 4 rounds so far ( of a scheduled 17 ) , and has experienced extremes of dry and wet weather already - heavy downpours in Malaysia and China , followed by dry desert heat of over 37 degrees C ( 100 F ) in Bahrain .
Brawn GP team driver Jenson Button currently leads the standings , winning 3 of the first four rounds .
The next round will be the Gran Premio de EspaÃ±a in Barcelona Spain on may 10th .
Collected here are photographs from the most recent three races .
( 31 photos total
This image has been flagged for review and is only visible to moderators !
This picture has been deleted and is only visible to administrators !
https://cdn.imagefap.com/images/full/39/162/1626174835.jpg?end=1601569671&secure=0b04066df4bde11d6b99f
You can navigate using your keyboard
Loading ...
Second edition
So just after lunch today a box arrived , containing copies of the second edition of Practical Django Projects , which went through final editing about a month ago ( Apress tends to be pretty quick at getting the book printed and shipping ) .
Since I assume that means other people will be getting copies of the book soon , I ’d like to cover a couple important bits of information .
First of all , the second edition ( as the cover proudly declares ) covers Django 1.1 .
Which has n’t yet released .
There are three actual bugs still open against the 1.1 milestone , as well as a variety of documentation fixes , so hopefully we ’ll have a release candidate soon and a final release about a week after that .
In the meantime , your best bet is a Subversion checkout of current trunk , because there ’s at least one thing described in the book that did n’t make the beta release .
Second , this is n’t simply an update of the original text ; there ’s new material , including an entirely new chapter on development techniques and useful third - party tools which writes up some things that I do n’t think have ever appeared in official documentation or in other books on Django .
Third , and most important : the first edition pretty much sucked in terms of being able to get at the code .
There was supposed to be a downloadable package containing the code covered in the book , but it ran into a major problem : Django 1.0 released a couple months later , and — since there was n’t yet a backwards - compatibility guarantee — a number of things changed between the time I signed off on the book ’s contents ( May ) and the time Django 1.0 landed ( September ) .
This left two options for providing a code package , neither of them acceptable :
Simply package up exactly the code that appeared in the book .
This would have matched the book ’s contents , but would have been useless to anyone following along after the Django 1.0 release , because large swathes of it simply would n’t have worked .
Update the code to work on Django 1.0 , and package that .
This would have provided code that worked , but which in many places bore no resemblance to what was in the book .
Thus it would be useless to anyone following along after the Django 1.0 release , because although it worked , there would have been no explanation of why it worked or the mechanics behind the specific changes .
All around , this sucked .
It sucked for people who wanted to simply follow the book .
It sucked for people who wanted to try out the code .
It sucked for Apress , who got a lot of complaints .
It sucked for me , because it sucked for everybody else and I could n’t really fix it .
This time around , I have an API - stability guarantee to build on , which means there will be a working code package .
And to try to make up for how much the first edition sucked , I ’m doing my best to make it a bit more useful than the typical book + code package .
Here ’s how it ’s going to work : I have a private repository set up on Bitbucket ( which is where all of my personal projects are hosted nowadays ) .
As soon as I have the free time — hopefully this weekend —
I ’m going to sit down with a copy of the book and start working through the code .
Each change and each new bit of code in the book is going to become a revision in the repository .
This will provide some ( I think ) useful features , including :
Easy problem tracking .
Apress ’ errata system works , I guess , but Bitbucket gives an issue tracker for free , so hopefully people will use it to point out any errors they find .
Continuous errata ; if bugs are found in the book ’s code , I ’ll push corrections to the repo and get a new package up .
Lots and lots of metadata .
I plan to use Mercurial tags to mark things like beginnings and ends of chapters , to make it easier to see the state of the code at particular points in the book .
Packages of particular segments of the book .
Bitbucket supports automatic packaged downloads of any tag in the repository , so if you want , say , a package of the code as it stands at the end of Chapter 5 , you ’ll be able to grab it .
The ability to literally follow the book through the repository ; if you want , you ’ll be able to incrementally step through one revision at a time to match what ’s going on in the book .
Various extras , such as templates not covered in the book , will be present in the repository .
And , most importantly , it ’ll be public .
The code does n’t contain any of the text or explanations in the book , so if you want that you ’ll still have to get a copy , but anybody will be able to see the code for the applications described in the book .
And since it all runs on current Django , it means that if you have a copy of the first edition you can probably compare to see what changed .
As soon as the repo ’s up I ’ll post a followup announcement and update this entry .
Depending on time constraints , I may go ahead and open it before everything ’s in there , but for now I ’ll just have to see how much I can get done quickly .
Meanwhile , if you ’re in Lawrence and you ’re going to the LPDN cookout tonight , let me know and I ’ll see about bringing a few copies of the book with me :)
Update , July 6 : So running all the code into a repository without making any mistakes turns out to be tricky .
I ’ve managed to screw it up a couple times now , and started over yesterday with a fresh empty repo .
The first three chapters are in , and I ’ll try to get another chapter or two in tonight and then make it public .
That means it wo n’t be complete right away ( it ’ll take me a little while longer to finish up ) , but people are apparently clamoring for code , so hopefully this ’ll help .
Kai Point Coal Mine .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In the U.S. , there is a tradition followed by outgoing presidents : Enact as many new policies as possible -- especially if you think that the incoming president would disapprove .
This practice has been used by presidents of both political parties with increasing fervor since Ronald Reagan .
And President George W. Bush was no exception .
In the months leading up to the inauguration of Barack Obama , Bush enacted a number of policies that stripped away a number of environmental protections .
And , almost since he has taken the oath of office , President Obama 's team has been working to reverse these policies .
So far , the effort to reverse the environmental policies enacted by Bush has been slow going .
This is because some of the policies require an act of Congress to overturn .
In cases where Congress is not needed , the courts may be appealed to , or new rules need to be made .
For the most part , all of these decisions require some sort of review .
And , as we know , when the government bureaucracy has to engage in a review process ( or any process ) , the paperwork piles up and politics slows things down .
But that 's not to say there has n't been any success .
Two of the most recent victories claimed by the Obama Administration include :
1. Endangered species .
Bush had gotten rid of rules that required an independent assessment of government project impacts of endangered species .
Many argued that this weakening of the Endangered Species Act would lead to environmental problems .
In March , though , Obama managed to reinstate the rule .
Before government agencies can move forward with projects , or approve projects on government land , scientists have to review the impact on endangered species .
This includes requiring oil and gas companies to have their projects reviewed for possible danger to polar bears before they engage in Arctic projects .
2. Mining waste .
In the later days of the Bush Administration , it was decided that mountaintop mining operations could , in fact , dump their waste near streams and rivers .
While many environmentalists feel that mountaintop mining itself is a problem , and would like to see the practice ended altogether , the reversal still represents a victory .
It means that miners have to continue the practice of keeping waste out of waterways .
In addition to the above regulations , the EPA is getting some of its power back , after being largely undercut by the Bush Administration .
The EPA is reconsidering a permit issued for a coal fired power plant last summer .
The permit was approved , but no environmental impact assessment was done , and there are a number of issues that the EPA would like to address -- including those put forth by some residents of the Navajo Nation who are concerned about the impacts the plant would have on their land .
Other environmental policies carried over from the Bush years that the Obama Administration wants to reverse include America 's role in global efforts to curb climate change , exempting factory farms from air quality reports , allowing companies to burn hazardous waste for fuel and costly and polluting oil shale development .
In some cases , though , concerned citizens are doing the work for the government , challenging Bush era policies in court and asking for their own injunctions .
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Obama reverses Bush rule changes on endangered species
Al Gore said Friday that fellow former Vice President Dick Cheney has jumped back into the political fray too soon into the new administration ’s term .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Gore to Cheney : ' I waited two years '
Al Gore said Friday that fellow former Vice President Dick Cheney has jumped back into the political fray too soon into the new administration ’s term .
“ I waited two years after I left office to make statements that were critical , ” Gore said during an interview on CNN , pointing out that his critiques were focused on “ policy . ”
Advertisement
“ Talk about somebody that should n't be talking about making the country less safe , invading a country that did not attack us and posed no serious threat to us at all , ” Gore said of Cheney .
Gore identified Cheney as “ the leading spokesman for his party ” and said he suspects Cheney ’s prominence is not welcomed by other Republicans .
“ I have a feeling that members of his own party wish that he would not do that , ” Gore said .
“ But I 'll let that be an argument between him and them . ”
Despite the criticism , Gore claimed he does not “ want to get dragged into an argument with Dick Cheney about what he 's getting into . ”
“ I 'm just going to let him speak for himself , ” Gore said .
Some people , especially men of color , report being harassed by police officers .
They often feel that police are not for them , as they are for some members of our society , but against them … making their lives more risky , more dangeous , even deadly .
Attesting to this , Jay at MontClair SocioBlog posted a graph he put together based on this article about the NYPD .
It shows that , sure enough , when the police stop people on the street in New York , it almost always results in … nothing :
See also this post that shows , with data , that racial profiling does n’t work .
Individuals of the same species age at different rates , and these differences should be reflected in their gene expression profiles .
However , most microarray studies of aging are designed only to capture the gene changes that occur with age in a “ typical ” individual and ( with rare exceptions ) ignore individual variability – all animals of a given age are lumped together into a group , and different age groups are compared .
To study how gene changes are related to individual longevity , we need another type of data in addition to gene expression profiles : the survival time of individual animals after their gene expression is measured .
With this information , we could determine which transcriptional responses are associated with a longer lifespan , and in principle even develop a personalized medicine approach to aging : we could train a machine learning algorithm to peek at the expression levels of a handful of crucial genes and predict your physiological age – and the number of healthy years you have left .
Previous microarray studies of aging animals did n’t include survival times because the animals were sacrificed at the time of sample collection ( in order to get enough RNA ) , and studies of aging humans have n’t included survival times because we live too long .
Recently , some human survival data – together with matching gene expression data from lymphoblastoid cell lines – have become available from a long - range study that began in the early 1980s .
In the first aging study to take advantage of this resource , Kerber et al. mine the data to identify gene changes associated with longevity :
Gene Expression Profiles Associated with Aging and Mortality in Humans
We investigated the hypothesis that gene expression profiles in cultured cell lines from adults , aged 57 - 97 years , contain information about the biological age and potential longevity of the donors .
We studied 104 unrelated grandparents from 31 Utah CEU ( Centre d’Etude du Polymorphisme Humain – Utah ) families , for whom lymphoblastoid cell lines were established in the 1980s .
Combining publicly available gene expression data from these cell lines , and survival data from the Utah Population Database , we tested the relationship between expression of 2,151 always - expressed genes , age , and survival of the donors .
Approximately 16 % of 2,151 expression levels were associated with donor age : 10 % decreased in expression with age , and 6 % increased with age .
CDC42 and CORO1A exhibited strong associations both with age at draw and survival after draw , ( multiple comparisons - adjusted Monte Carlo p-value < 0.05 ) .
In general , gene expressions that increased with age were associated with increased mortality .
Gene expressions that decreased with age were generally associated with reduced mortality .
A multivariate estimate of biological age modeled from expression data was dominated by CDC42 expression , and was a significant predictor of survival after blood draw .
A multivariate model of survival as a function of gene expression was dominated by CORO1A expression .
This model accounted for approximately 23 % of the variation in survival among the CEU grandparents .
Some expression levels were negligibly associated with age in this cross-sectional dataset , but strongly associated with inter-individual differences in survival .
These observations may lead to new insights regarding the genetic contribution to exceptional longevity .
The novel aspect of this study was the integration of gene expression and survival data to identify genes associated with longevity ; the authors also identified genes associated with chronological age using both univariate and multivariate models .
A brief summary of some of their major findings :
A six - gene model accounts for 23 % of the variation in survival time
The authors trained a penalized regression model to predict survival time on the basis of the expression levels of roughly 2000 genes .
After training , only six genes had non-zero model coefficients : CORO1A , FXR2 , CBX5 , PIK3CA , AKAP2 , and CUL3 .
The model was dominated by the expression levels of CORO1A ( which is negatively associated with mortality ) and FXR2 ( which is positively associated with mortality ) .
CORO1A has been implicated in mitochondrial apoptosis , and FXR2 is involved in Fragile X syndrome ; the exact role of these two genes in aging has yet to be determined .
Genes associated with age are not necessarily associated with survival ( and vice versa )
The authors used linear regression to identify individual gene changes that were associated with chronological age , and a proportional hazards model to identify changes associated with survival .
Among the top 10 genes identified by each test , only one gene appears on both lists ( CORO1A ) – i.e. , genes that are strongly associated with longevity are not necessarily strongly associated with survival .
This is an important point – it means that in order to identify gene expression biomarkers of physiological age and longevity , we need more microarray studies that report survival data .
Looking at expression data alone , it is difficult to tell which of the very many age - related gene changes are good and which are bad , i.e. , whether a given gene change causes a problem associated with aging or is part of some beneficial damage - control response – an issue which we previously discussed in the context of gender differences in brain aging .
With survival data , we can now ask a specific question of each gene : is its age - related response associated with increased or with reduced mortality ?
For nine of the ten genes most strongly related to survival in this study , relative overexpression was associated with reduced mortality .
This strongly suggests that those genes ( including CORO1A ) are doing something good , i.e. that they are involved in some sort of defense or repair mechanisms .
The expression dataset used by the authors of this study is publically available through GEO : GSE1485 , GSE2552 .
Kerber , R. , O’Brien , E. , & Cawthon , R. ( 2009 ) .
Gene expression profiles associated with aging and mortality in humans Aging Cell , 8 ( 3 ) , 239-250 DOI : 10.1111/j.1474-9726.2009.00467.x
LOUISVILLE , KY �
Nine months after an employee at a McDonald 's restaurant in downtown Louisville called a group of gay customers a series of anti-gay slurs , the American Civil Liberties Union announced today that McDonald 's has agreed to a cash settlement and diversity training for management at 30 of its Louisville - area restaurants .
Ryan Marlatt , Teddy Eggers , and three other friends had stopped for lunch at a McDonald 's restaurant on East Market Street on July 26 , 2008 while visiting Louisville for the weekend .
While they waited for their food to be prepared , an employee behind the counter referred to them as " faggots " to another employee .
When Marlatt and Eggers objected to the slur and asked to speak with a manager , the employee who had called them " faggots " started arguing with them , repeatedly calling them " faggots " in front of other customers and calling one of them a " cocksucker " and " bitch . "
" The reason we made such a big deal out of this to begin with was because we did n't want it happening to anyone else , so I 'm very glad McDonald 's management is going to be having these trainings , " said Eggers of Indianapolis , Indiana .
" We were hurt and upset , but at least we 're adults and can handle being called names .
We hated thinking that this kind of harassment might also happen to someone young and vulnerable who would really take it to heart . "
The supervisor on duty refused to refund the group 's purchase , so Marlatt attempted several times in the following weeks to contact both the general manager of the McDonald 's and the corporate offices , with no results .
Louisville law prohibits discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation , so the ACLU filed a complaint in September on behalf of Marlatt and Eggers with the Louisville Human Relations Commission .
In October , representatives of a variety of lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender groups as well as other civil rights organizations protested at the downtown Louisville McDonald 's where the incident took place .
Although Marlatt and Eggers only asked for $ 28 , McDonald 's offered them $ 2000 each on its own , which they accepted , Sun said .
The Louisville Human Relations Commission has been thoroughly investigating Eggers and Marlatt 's complaint since it was filed last September and helped negotiate the settlement between the parties .
" We 're really grateful to the Louisville Metro Human Relations Commission for its investigation , as well as to our friends at the Fairness Campaign , and commonGround at the University of Louisville , for keeping the pressure on McDonald 's to do the right thing , " said Michael Aldridge , Executive Director of the ACLU of Kentucky .
" While we 're fortunate to have a law banning sexual orientation discrimination in Louisville , this goes to show that it 's still important to speak out and do something about it when your rights are violated . "
" McDonald 's could have saved itself a lot of embarrassment if they 'd just done the right thing from the start and done something about this , but it 's great that so many people stood up for us and came forward to say treating people the way we were treated is wrong , " said Marlatt .
" We just hope the trainings keep McDonald 's from letting this happen to any of their customers from now on . "
When their Louisville Human Relations Commission complaint was filed , Marlatt and Eggers asked for a refund of the money they spent on the McDonald 's meal , and asked that one employee � the cashier who objected to the other employee 's name - calling � be commended .
" She was the only employee in the whole place who tried to help us , " said Eggers .
" I hope she hears about this and knows how much we appreciated her sticking up for us . "
" While we wish Ryan , Teddy , and their friends had n't had to go through this whole experience to begin with , we 're glad that at least McDonald 's is taking steps to prevent anything like this from happening again in the future , " said Christine Sun , a senior staff attorney with the ACLU Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Project who is representing Marlatt and Eggers .
" Businesses should treat all of their customers with respect regardless of their sexual orientation . "
A video of Marlatt and Eggers telling the story of what happened to them as well as their complaint to the Human Relations Commission can be found at www.aclu.org/lgbt/discrim/36781res20080916.html.
Amidst backlash over Time Warner Cable 's tentative plan for a 40 GB broadband cap , the company said this week that it will offer an additional 100 GB tier for heavy users ; PR teams hit Twitter for damage control .
Amidst backlash over Time Warner Cable 's tentative plan for a 40 GB broadband cap , the company said this week that it will offer an additional 100 GB tier for heavy users .
Pricing for this " super tier " has not been revealed .
The company is currently testing four pricing tiers in Texas , North Carolina , and New York : 5 , 10 , 20 , and 40 GB with a prices ranging from $ 29.95 to $ 54.90 per month .
Customers will be charged $ 1 for every extra GB they consume .
In October , Comcast imposed a residential bandwidth cap of 250GB .
AT&T is currently testing a 150 GB cap in Reno , Nev. and Beaumont , Texas  the same market where Time Warner kicked off its bandwidth cap test .
How much do you consume ?
Watching streaming video from Hulu.com eats up about 2.5 Mbps , while making a call with Skype or Vonage takes up 131 Kbps , and streaming music uses 129 kbps .
Popular HD offerings , however , are much bigger bandwidth hogs .
Time Warner 's bandwidth caps , therefore , are relatively low compared to Comcast and even AT&T , prompting some subscriber backlash .
" We have heard customer feedback , and understand that a 40 GB tier seems low to heavy Internet users , " Landel Hobbs , chief operating officer at Time Warner , said in a statement earlier this week .
" We are developing a ' super  tier ' now that allows for up to 100 GB of broadband usage per month in all of our test markets , " Hobbs continued .
" We have n't confirmed pricing details as of this moment , but you have my word as Chief Operating Officer of Time Warner Cable that we will make this tier available to our customers . "
Customers will be provided with a " gas gauge " tool to figure out how much bandwidth they are consuming , and move to a higher tier if necessary .
" Furthermore , I am convening a series of meetings this week to develop plans that will allow customers to choose among tiers that provide tradeoffs between speed and consumption , " Hobbs said .
" If one family prefers to have lower download speeds but a higher data tier , or vice - versa , we want them to be able to make that choice . "
Details on this option are still " fuzzy , " he said , but Hobbs believes these options are " fair " and will " encourage more use of broadband overall . "
Hobbs stressed that its bandwidth cap efforts are still in the testing phase , and nothing is set in stone .
But like it or not , bandwidth caps will be imposed .
Time Warner chairman and chief executive Glenn Britt told attendees at last week 's Cable Show in Washington , D.C. that " if you want to consume more , fine , just pay more . "
Bandwidth caps will hit Texas customers " in late summer , " Melissa C. Sorola , regional director of communications for Texas , said in an April 1 statement .
Customers will also be given a three - month grace period to monitor their bandwidth usage and pick the best plan that works for them before penalties for over - usage will be applied , she said .
" We 've been trialing consumption based billing in Beaumont , Texas for several months now .
This test has been successful and we now know we can make this work from a technical perspective to accurately measure our customers ' consumption , " Sorola said .
Hoping to stop the effort is Rep. Eric Massa , a New York Democrat , who branded the caps as " an ill - conceived test marketing plan . "
" Just at a time when access to information is driving our economic recovery , Time Warner is moving to stagnate the 21st century technology needed to rebuild America , " Massa said in a statement .
" I firmly oppose capping Internet usage and I will be taking a leadership role in stopping this outrageous , job killing initiative . "
An anti-cap Web site  stopthecap.com  is also following the situation .
Much like Comcast utilized Twitter earlier this week to address its e-mail outage , Time Warner is also using the micro-blogging site to address questions and complaints about bandwidth caps .
Jeff Simmermon , director of digital communications , and Mariam Asmar , a PR coordinator for Time Warner , have been responding to Time Warner - related Tweets as @jeffTWC and @ MsmarTWC .
Replying directly to the Twitter faithful is apparently a draining experience .
" You 're right .
Everyone gets punchy when they 're pounded like this -- I 'm tired of being attacked , but I do need to rise above it , " Simmermon wrote in response to a Tweet that accused him of being curt in his replies .
Simmermon and Asmar are encouraging people with bandwidth complaints or suggestions longer than 140 characters to send an e-mail to [ email protected ]
Ferrari have been racing in Formula 1 since 1950
Ferrari have threatened to quit Formula 1 at the end of the season if the sport continues with plans to introduce an optional £ 40 m budget cap from 2010 .
" If the regulations for 2010 will not change , then Ferrari does not intend to enter cars in the next Formula 1 world championship , " read the statement .
Ferrari fear the evolution of a two - tier championship , between those teams who adopt the cap and those who do not .
The teams will discuss the plans with FIA chief Max Mosley in the next week .
But motorsport 's governing body , the FIA , has so far refused to be drawn into a public discussion about Ferrari 's threat .
" We have nothing to add to the letter sent to Ferrari on 29 April , " said an FIA spokesman , referring to a letter sent to Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo in which FIA chairman Max Mosley rejected the team 's complaints about the budget cap .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Ferrari insist their announcement is not simply posturing or a political move .
" For the first time ever in F1 , the 2010 season will see the introduction of two different sets of regulations based on arbitrary technical rules and economic parameters , " their statement added .
" The board consider that if this is the regulatory framework for F1 in the future , then the reasons underlying Ferrari 's uninterrupted participation in the world championship over the last 60 years - the only constructor to have taken part ever since its inception in 1950 - would come to a close . "
Ferrari 's stance has divided opinion on whether or not they will go ahead with their threats of withdrawing .
Former team boss Eddie Jordan told the BBC : " Maybe this is n't the posturing that most people think it is - I would n't be certain that they would n't carry this out .
" Ferrari shareholders are very concerned at the losses that are being made in the company at this time , the credit crunch has had an impact , and I think this ( announcement ) is different .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Everyone concerned would be very silly not to put 100 % of their time , effort and diligence into making sure there is compatibility between the sport , the governing body and Ferrari . "
The announcement will put to the test Mosley 's resolve after he claimed earlier this month that F1 could live without Ferrari , the sport 's most famous , most successful and longest - tenured team .
" The sport could survive without Ferrari , " he said .
" It would be very sad .
It is the Italian national team . "
But F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone told The Times he expected things would be thrashed out as it was in nobody 's interests for Ferrari to leave the sport .
" Ferrari are not stupid , " he said .
" They do n't want to leave Formula 1 and we do n't want to lose them , so we 'll get to grips with it . "
606 : DEBATE
Fair play to Ferrari - the idea of a two - tier championship is plain stupid
Definitely Maybe94
However , Toyota and Red Bull have also already threatened not to enter next year 's championship unless the new rules change .
Ferrari criticised the lack of consultation from the FIA , who want an optional £ 40 m budget cap in order to encourage new teams to enter .
The plan would allow capped teams to operate with far greater technical freedom than those continuing with unlimited budgets .
Di Montezemolo has warned it would create a two - tier championship that could be " fundamentally unfair and perhaps even biased " .
The FIA has set a deadline of 29 May for teams wishing to compete in 2010 to enter and state whether they want a cap or not .
But , BBC Five Live Formula 1 correspondent David Croft fully expects Ferrari to line up on the grid in 2010 , despite the threat .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I would be amazed if Ferrari are n't racing in 2010 , " he said , " I think this is just the opening of a series of discussions that will take place between the sports most historic team and the governing body .
" It 's inconceivable that we would have Formula 1 without Ferrari .
Mosley says the sport does n't need them , but I think a lot of people would beg to disagree . "
That is a sentiment echoed by the sport 's drivers , with world champion Lewis Hamilton saying he " could not imagine " F1 without Ferrari while Renault 's Fernando Alonso added it was " impossible " for it to happen .
Ferrari , the sport 's oldest and most successful team , also threatened a pull - out in October if proposals for a standard engine for all teams went ahead .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pattern matching in Python
One of my favorite things about various functional programming languages is pattern matching .
It often allows for very succinct and elegant declarative expressions , and in the dynamic variants it allows for easy in - line lightweight type checking .
So , naturally I wanted the same in Python , the programming language we use at work .
Pattern matching is most powerful when it enjoys first - class support in a language .
In addition to succinct syntax , this affords you the ability to integrate pattern matchers with control constructs , allowing conditional execution of code based on various patterns .
It also may give you a degree of composability not possible otherwise .
For example , Erlang has not only a case statement , but allows for clauses in functions , so that pattern matching is done on the arguments of functions with the same name and arity .
For instance in Erlang , you could implement a simple REST - style HTTP request handlers like so :
% % handle ( Path , Method ) handle ( " / " , _ ) -> not_a_resource ; handle ( Path , ' PUT ' ) -> create_new_resource ( Path ) ; handle ( Path , ' POST ' ) -> update_resource ( Path ) ; handle ( Path , ' GET ' ) -> retrieve_resource ( Path ) ; handle ( _ , _ ) -> invalid_request .
Now I can simply call handle ( Path , Method ) to deal with my request .
Notice also how powerful ordering is here : I exclude the resource " / " entirely by matching on it first .
Note also that some arguments here are binding , while others are not .
For example in the first clause , nothing is bound , in the second , we bind Path if the method matches ' PUT ' .
How do we graft something like this onto a language like Python ?
It ’s especially tricky because we ’d like to maintain the ever elusive “ Pythonics . ”
While I ’m quite sure Guido would never even touch this stuff , we can at least maintain the spirit !
Start off by importing the match primitives :
>>> from match import M , A , A_
M creates a destructuring match expression ( a “ matcher ” ) , A is the a binding argument , and A_ is the “ any ” argument .
Any A arguments need to have a positional specifier .
This is achieved with the division operator .
So A/0 names the first value in the returned destructured tuple .
With the help of a few operators , we compose a match expression :
>>> M (( 1 , ( A_ , 3 ) , A / 1 , A / 0 ) ) < match .
M object at 0x726f0 >
So , these expressions are entirely useless until they are bound .
The == operator takes care of that :
>>> M (( 1 , ( A_ , 3 ) , A / 1 , A / 0 ) ) == ( 1 , ( 2 , 3 ) , 1 , 2 ) ( 2 , 1 )
If you precede the match - expression with the ~ operator , the expression becomes a “ pure ” matching expression , and does not destructure the second operand , it just returns True or False depending on whether it matched successfully .
>>> ~ M (( 1 , ( A_ , 3 ) , A / 1 , A / 0 ) ) == ( 1 , ( 2 , 3 ) , 1 , 2 ) True
Now , to make things more interesting , match - expressions can be or - ed together , resulting in the first successful match .
For example M ( [ A/0 ] ) | M( A/0 ) does n’t care whether the value is a list of length 1 or a literal .
>>> M ( [ A / 0 ] ) | M ( A / 0 ) == [ 5 ] 5 >>> M ( [ A / 0 ] ) | M ( A / 0 ) == 5 5
Finally , matchers can specify “ default ” values to be returned they match successfully .
This is to help deal with polymorphic return values .
For example , the following expression :
>>> M ( [ A / 0 ] ) | M ( [ ] , d = False ) == arr [ : 1 ]
picks the first element if arr is nonempty , otherwise it returns False .
I ’ve put the code up on GitHub .
I ’m not super happy with the aesthetics of it but it ’s interesting to experiment with .
Among other things , it definitely needs list and dictionary destructuring .
It 's becoming increasingly clear that my theory about the relationship between torture and Iraq is reasonably close to the mark .
As we learn more information , the purpose of the Bush administration 's torture policy seems to have been motivated by a need to bolster a pretext for the invasion and occuption , and so investigating torture would lead to a broader indictment of the officials who pushed for the war .
In addition to citing WWII British interrogator Colonel Robin “ Tin Eye ” Stephens who insisted that violent interrogations were ineffective , John Cole observes :
So why do people torture ?
The answer is simple ; when reality does n’t suit your needs , torture lets you make your own reality .
In this case , the fabricated reality was Iraq .
Though the hazy spectacle pot smokers created Monday — and that they create each April 20 at 4:20 p.m. — grabbed some media attention , it probably did little to advance their cause of legalizing marijuana .
This country has waged an expensive and ineffective “ war on drugs , ” including marijuana , for decades , and it ’s high time ( to rather predictably borrow a phrase ) that the debate on whether to decriminalize cannabis reached the halls of Congress .
Interestingly , it ’s not just the dope smokers in the park calling for legalized marijuana use .
Conservative , progressive and libertarian intellectuals alike have argued that we ought to legalize marijuana .
The Post ’s editorial board has long called for an end to the war on pot .
Our opinion meshes , in this instance , with that of the late conservative writer William F. Buckley Jr. , who once argued that “ the government should treat marijuana more or less the same way it treats alcohol :
It should regulate it , control it , tax it , and make it illegal only for children . ”
President Barack Obama has requested more than $ 14 billion to fund the drug war at the federal level in 2009 .
State and local enforcement costs drive that figure far higher .
Year after year , a few hundred thousand people end up in court and prison as a result of drug crimes .
Our overcrowded prisons are just one reason to take another look at some of our drug laws .
Granted , there are still many dangerous drugs out there .
Highly addictive drugs like methamphetamine or crack cocaine swept through our nation ’s cities and suburbs and rural communities like epidemics .
But legions of studies have shown that marijuana is n’t addictive .
And as recent U.S. presidents have shown , use of the drug , even when inhaled , does n’t in and of itself ruin a person ’s chance at achieving full and productive lives .
Yes , pot users face risks as potentially as devastating as other drugs .
So do drinkers of wine and beer .
But regulating the drug , as alcoholic beverages are regulated , can provide for prevention and therapy , while also starving the criminal element from this cash stream .
Marijuana also could be taxed , with the money earmarked to fund treatment programs for victims of truly dangerous drugs .
We did not support the successful effort to legalize minor marijuana possession in Denver , and we have not supported statewide ballot efforts to legalize the drug .
The problem with local laws is that they conflict with federal laws and create legal headaches that further muck up the courts and jam prisons .
But our elected federal representatives could change all that .
And they should .
Sector / Sphere supports distributed data storage , distribution , and processing over large clusters of commodity computers , either within a data center or across multiple data centers .
Sector is a high performance , scalable , and secure distributed file system .
Sphere is a high performance parallel data processing engine that can process Sector data files on the storage nodes with very simple programming interfaces .
( Presentation : PDF 608KB / Poster : PDF 283KB )
Why Sector / Sphere ?
High Performance .
Sector and Sphere are highly optimized for data intensive applications .
Sphere supports massive parallel in - storage data processing , supported by Sector 's unique application - aware data placement mechanism .
In our benchmarks , Sphere runs constantly 2 - 4 times faster than Hadoop MapReduce ( see benchmark ) .
WAN Support .
Sector is one of the few file systems that can effectively support multiple data centers across wide area networks .
Sector uses UDT to enable high speed data transfer , while its data placement strategy can make Sector effectively work as a content distribution network over WAN .
Software Level Fault Tolerance .
Sector does not require hardware RAID for reliability ; instead , data is automatically replicated in Sector for high reliability and availability .
Meanwhile , both Sector slaves and masters can be removed and inserted at run time .
Sector also supports multiple active masters for high performance and availability .
Rule - based Data Management .
For each file , users can control its replication factor , replication distance , and replication locations ( when necessary ) .
The rules can be changed at run time .
Compatible with Legacy Systems .
Many existing applications or job schedulers can continue to work with Sector files with little modification .
We are in the age of Tweetie Twitter App , and this time the new Tweetie for Mac is available .
This is the Mac version of the iPhone app that makes for the best Twitter client online .
I have been trying it out , and here is my personal experience with this new Mac app .
Power Outage
If you are a Tweetoomaniac than this is not for you , the app does not have that Uber dashboard experience ; you do not have control over every aspect .
If you do n’t mind sharing your screen with less exciting items , such as your details , then go ahead and use it .
Appearances are Deceiving
When you set up Tweetie for the first time , you might think its too simple to be any good .
Well , settle back down and understand that the GUI is designed for a more simplistic and focused view .
The client has a single column stream of incoming tweets and icons that provide most of the navigation , placed to the left .
These icons are :
@ for replies ,
Envelope for direct messaging ,
Magnifying Glass for search
Apart from these buttons , navigation is simply double - clicking on a username for the most recent tweets or clicking on a hashtag to start a search .
The Devil is in the Details
If you want the prizes , then note that the resolution of details is great .
For instance , when you click on any image that is provided by 3rd party services such as TwitPic , the app will pop up a display of the photo .
Another great addition is the drag and drops feature , for instance , you drag and drop a photo from anywhere on your system into the Tweetie window and type your message with the limit of 280 characters .
You can also improve accessibility performance by adding hotkey shortcuts that work while you are using another application .
The overall GUI is great too , since you can either continuously scroll while the app continues to add new incoming Tweets , and you navigate smoothly and seamlessly between screens .
There is another bonus , Tweetie allows you to open up any number of account windows simultaneously .
While Tweetie does n’t support a two - columned UI , it does break search queries into separate windows , which is more useful than operating out of one large clustered window .
The overall GUI is a bit stiff at first , just like anything new , it takes time to get accustomed to it , and it might still seem a bit constraining when compared to more versatile systems such as TweetDeck .
Now for the cons .
Tweetie ’s search windows do n’t open automatically .
You will need to perform some tasks , which is tiresome , and they are :
Click the search button
Then go to the Menu bar Click the Open new window
Another issue is that you cannot pop out any ‘ @mentions ’ or ‘ direct message ’ into a specific window .
Although we have been told that this feature will appear in the version 1.1 upgrade .
Another con is the hidden “ follow ” feature , for this , you need to go to the drop - down menu .
One final con is the lack of auto - complete for any Twitter handles , so this makes responding to common friends harder .
Conclusions
This is the Twitter client that all Mac users have been waiting for .
It is much more advanced than the basic Twitterific .
On the other side of the scale are the two resource hogs ; TweetDeck and Seesmic Desktop that use Adobe ’s AIR platform , and we all know where that leads to .
They are great and full of amazing features , but their presence creates some UI issues and does eat up a lot of Mac ’s resources making operating other apps an issue .
Cost
Tweetie comes at a $ 14.95 price , which is ad - free , and you can get it free but with adverts .
Compatibility
If you do n’t like Twitter clients , do n’t get this one either .
Twitter clients are all the same , and while they do compete for the Twitter client market share , they are not suitable for everyone .
A confluence of localvore do - gooderism and desperate poverty is transforming America 's suburbs into a Third World hellscape , because otherwise - normal people are raising chickens in their backyards .
It 's all the rage , according to the AP .
Suburban families who want farm - fresh eggs , free - range chicken meat , and a reliable source of protein after the coming societal collapse are maintaining flocks of their own chickens , in normal neighborhoods close to cities where regular people actually live .
This is nice in the sense that it 's always a good idea when people take responsibility for the food they consume and come to understand the bloody mechanics of the process .
It 's also terrifying in the sense that we are becoming Cuba .
[ Backyard Chickens ' ] owner , Rob Ludlow of Pleasant Hill , Calif. , attributes the increased interest in raising suburban chickens to three factors : their relative ease of care as pets ; increased interest in getting food from humane , local sources ; and a desire by some to produce their own food in tough economic times .
" With the way the economy is going , people like the idea they can have access to quality eggs and meat right from their backyard , if they need to , " Ludlow said .
Purina Mills , which makes chicken feed , is seeing double - digit growth in its line of feed aimed at people who maintain small flocks for their own consumption .
Iron Age , here we come !
Just when you think that the wastefulness of the U.S. government can’t get any worse they go out and spend money on some really bizarre things .
Now it has come out that the U.S. government is spending $ 2.6 million U.S. tax dollars to train Chinese prostitutes to drink responsibly on the job .
Yes , you read that correctly .
The National Institute of Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism , which is a part of the National Institutes of Health is spending $ 2.6 million tax dollars to study the drinking habits of Chinese prostitutes .
Apparently the scientist running the project believes that there is a legitimate governmental interest being served by this study , but this is just ridiculous .
There are people losing their homes and sleeping in their cars and living in tent cities in America tonight , and the U.S. government is spending money to train Chinese prostitutes how to drink responsibly ?
A whole lot of people deserve to be fired over this .
But unfortunately this is not an isolated incident .
The reality is that the U.S. government is wasting money at an unprecedented pace .
In a stunning waste of money , the U.S. government is actually spending $ 400,000 to study gay sexual behavior in Argentina bars .
Seriously ?
Yes .
And we wonder why the federal budget deficit is ballooning out of control .
The U.S. federal budget deficit for the current year is now projected to be $ 1.8 trillion , which would be about four times the record set just last year .
When it comes to wasting money , the United States has become the supreme champion .
There is simply nobody better at it .
Whether it is the trillions wasted on the Wall Street bailout , the hundreds of billions wasted in Iraq or the hundreds of billions wasted in frivolous government spending , there is no match anywhere in the world for the incredible skill that the U.S. government has for flushing money down the toilet .
After all , what other government would pass out trillions of dollars to a bunch of bankers and not be able to tell us where the money went ?
When JPMorgan Chase was asked what they did with a 25 billion dollar payment that they were given , they had the following to say about it :
“ We have not disclosed that to the public .
We ’re declining to . ”
What ?
25 billion taxpayer dollars go to them and they tell us to stick it ?
The Associated Press actually contacted 21 banks that received at least 1 billion dollars from the U.S. government and asked them the following questions …..
* How much has been spent ?
* What was it spent on ?
* How much is being held in savings ?
* What ’s the plan for the rest ?
Now how many of those banks do you think provided specific answers to the Associated Press ?
The answer is none .
So do we have any clues where the bailout money went ?
Well , according to one study , banks that got taxpayer bailouts awarded their top executives nearly $ 1.6 billion in salaries , bonuses , and other benefits in 2008 .
Hmm ….. my bonus was a 50 dollar gift card .
Somehow I feel ripped off .
Are we supposed to feel good that all those fat cat executives got their bonuses on time ?
Americans were told that they “ had ” to pass the bailout bill “ or else ” they would face serious consequences .
And so how is all of this money being spent ?
Much of it is going to executive bonuses and towards “ picking off ” smaller banks .
The Wall Street Journal is reporting that the major Wall Street banks owe their executives more than $ 40 billion in pay and pensions that these firms fully intend to deliver to them .
Here are just a few examples of what these firms owe to their executives …..
Goldman Sachs : $ 11.8 billion
J.P. Morgan Chase : $ 8.5 billion
Morgan Stanley : approximately $ 10 billion to $ 12 billion
The American people should have stood up and DEMANDED that NO taxpayer money go to these executives .
Instead , Barack Obama and John McCain pushed through a bill loaded with pork that will end up benefiting Wall Street executives more than it will benefit the average guy on main street .
The bailout bill contains “ some ” restrictions on future bonuses , but according to the Wall Street Journal , “ the rules wo n’t affect what the banks already owe their executives . ”
Wall Street executives also are admitting that this bailout money is not going to go for loans , but rather to pick off smaller banks .
Just listen to what one JP Morgan executive said about the bailout money during a conference call that New York Times reporter Joe Nocera was listening in on :
“ What we do think it will help us do is perhaps be a little bit more active on the acquisition side or opportunistic side for some banks who are still struggling .
And I would not assume that we are done on the acquisition side just because of the Washington Mutual and Bear Stearns mergers .
I think there are going to be some great opportunities for us to grow in this environment , and I think we have an opportunity to use that $ 25 billion in that way and obviously depending on whether recession turns into depression or what happens in the future , you know , we have that as a backstop . ”
Did you get all of that ?
JP Morgan was admitting that they will use most of the 25 billion in bailout money to acquire more banks .
It was supposed to be used to loan money to regular Americans !
But this is what the same executive said about that later on in that conference call :
“ We would think that loan volume will continue to go down as we continue to tighten credit to fully reflect the high cost of pricing on the loan side . ”
Do you get that ?
JP Morgan has NO INTENTION of increasing loans !
Are you starting to get the picture ?
“ Continue to tighten credit ” means that they intend to loan LESS money .
So why in the world is the U.S. government giving them bailout money ?
On another front , it is now being revealed that billions upon billions of dollars have been totally wasted in the reconstruction of Iraq .
It ’s bad enough that we had to pay to blow Iraq up and pay to put it back together , but now they are telling us that billions and billions was simply “ wasted ” ?
Ouch .
But the federal government wastes money every single day in a thousand different ways .
Just check out some of the ways that the U.S. government wasted money in 2008 …..
* $ 1,529,220 for an Appalachian Fruit Lab .
*$ 742,764 for olive fruit fly research .
$ 211,509 of this amount was to be spent in Paris , France .
*$ 172,782 for the National Wild Turkey Federation in Edgefield , S.C .
*$ 1,128,000 for Big Brothers / Big Sisters of Alaska Eagle River for an at - risk youth mentoring program .
That is one expensive Big Brother program !
There must be a lot of at - risk youth in Alaska .
*$ 50,000,000 for REAL ID grants .
Got to be sure to track and trace those unruly American citizens !
*$ 123,050 for a Mother ’s Day Shrine in Grafton , West Virginia ( population 5,489 , with a land area of 3.8 square miles ) .
Those are just a few sad examples .
The list could literally go on for pages and pages .
The point is that the United States government is squandering the future by wasting money like it never has before .
I wonder what our children and our grandchildren are going to think about all this .
Do you think that they will be thankful that we wasted all of their money and stuck them with the bill ?
McLaren boss Martin Whitmarsh attended the hearing in Paris on Wednesday
McLaren have been given a suspended three - race ban for misleading stewards at the Australian Grand Prix by motor sport 's governing body , the FIA .
The British team admitted five charges of breaching Formula 1 rules at a special inquiry on Wednesday in Paris .
The penalty will only be enforced upon Lewis Hamilton 's team if " further facts emerge " about this incident or if there is a " further breach " of the rules .
McLaren described the World Motor Sport Council hearing as " very fair " .
The FIA said the approach of McLaren team boss Martin Whitmarsh in dealing with the incident once the full details had emerged , helped in earning them a suspension to the penalty they have received .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Having regard to the open and honest way in which McLaren team principal , Mr Martin Whitmarsh , addressed the WMSC and the change in culture which he made clear has taken place in his organisation , the WMSC decided to suspend the application of the penalty it deems appropriate , " read a World Motor Sport Council statement .
" This will only be applied if further facts emerge regarding the case or if , in the next 12 months , there is a further breach by the team of article 151 c of the International Sporting Code . "
Speaking after the hearing , FIA president Max Mosley said the WMSC 's decision was " entirely fair . "
He added : " McLaren have demonstrated there is a complete culture change , that it 's all different to what it was .
" In those circumstances it looks better to put the whole thing behind us , so unless there is something similar in the future , that is the end of the matter . "
F1 commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone told BBC Sport that he felt McLaren may have escaped a harsher punishment .
606 : DEBATE
Was it the right decision ?
Should they have been fined ?
Or should it have been worse ?
bestchelseasteven
" It was good .
Fair and honest and straightforward verdict .
I thought Martin was happy with that .
They knew they did something wrong so they got a slap . "
When asked if they got off lightly , he added : " Probably , yes . "
The incident occurred towards the end of the season - opening race in Melbourne where world champion Hamilton finished fourth behind Jarno Trulli's Toyota .
Following the race , McLaren accused the Italian of breaking F1 rules by overtaking while the field was under the control of the safety car .
Officials initially handed Trulli a 25 - second penalty , promoting Hamilton to third after he and McLaren 's long - serving sporting director Dave Ryan gave evidence that the Englishman had not deliberately let the Toyota driver through , and had not been asked by the team to do so .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But McLaren 's radio communication contradicted this and Hamilton was later disqualified with Trulli reinstated to third place .
Hamilton , who issued an emotional public apology after the incident in which he insisted was not a ' liar ' , has escaped punishment from the FIA and is free to drive at the next race in Spain on 10 May .
After full details were revealed , Whitmarsh made the decision to sack Ryan after 35 years with the team .
Former McLaren principal Ron Dennis , Whitmarsh 's predecessor , also moved away from having any direct involvement with F1 - although he insisted this was not in any way related to the incident .
Whitmarsh also wrote to Mosley to offer an " unreserved apology " and accept the team were in breach of the regulations .
After appearing at the hearing in Paris , Whitmarsh said : " We are aware that we made serious mistakes in Australia and Malaysia , and I was therefore very glad to be able to apologise for those mistakes once again .
" I was also pleased to be able to assure the FIA World Motor Sport Council members that we had taken appropriate action with a view to ensuring that such mistakes do not occur again . "
In a team statement , McLaren thanked the FIA World Motor Sport Council members " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" We now look forward with enthusiasm to continuing our efforts to develop a closer and more co-operative relationship between ourselves and the FIA , " it read .
" We will also continue to focus our efforts on closing the performance gap that exists between our car and the fastest cars .
" Following Lewis Hamilton 's encouraging fourth place in Bahrain last Sunday , we are now optimistic that we will be able to play an increasingly competitive part in what is fast developing into a very exciting season of Formula 1 motor racing . "
Hamilton 's car has been largely uncompetitive car this season and he has only nine points from the first four races , trailing championship leader Jenson Button by 22 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cheerful news for those whose Body Mass Index ( BMI ) falls into the " overweight " range today - you will probably live longer than a person whose BMI is " ideal " .
Boffins in Canada and America revealed the new findings following a study of over 11,000 Canadians covering the last 12 years .
Unsurprisingly , people whose BMI showed them to be " underweight " or " extremely obese " died sooner than those in the more middle - of the - road brackets .
But the medical community 's consensus that anyone with a BMI from 25 - 30 is " overweight " , whereas 18.5 - 25 is " ideal " has been undermined by the fact that survey subjects in the former , heftier band actually lived longer than the lightweights .
" It 's not surprising that extreme underweight and extreme obesity increase the risk of dying , but it is surprising that carrying a little extra weight may give people a longevity advantage , " said David Feeny , PhD , one of the study 's authors .
Among the individuals tracked during the survey , the most dangerous BMI band to be in was " underweight " ; next worst was " extremely obese " .
Both of these groups had significantly increased risks of dying , 70 and 36 per cent above the norm respectively .
Those who were merely " obese " and those with an " ideal " BMI ran very similar risks of death .
But the " overweight " were actually 17 per cent less likely than normal to die as time went by .
Good news for the moderately swingbellied swivel chair artist up and down the land , then .
If you are " overweight " you 're actually somewhat less likely to pop your clogs soon than your fellows , and if you 've slipped over the line into " obese " you 're seemingly no worse off than the smug " ideal " body types .
These results may not come as a surprise to regular readers of Reg medical and health coverage : we 've pointed out the obvious tomfoolishness of the Body Mass Index before now , not least the fact that it requires two - dimensional human bodies to work properly .
Portland State University boffin Mark Kaplan , another study author , cautioned that spindly , unhealthy " ideals " should n't bust open the pie locker in a rash attempt to jockey themselves into the safety of an " overweight " BMI , however .
" [ This research ] does n't mean that people in the normal weight range should try to put on a few pounds , " says the scientist .
That makes sense , as BMI 's frequently flawed relationship with real humanity probably has more to do with factors such as the increased height of modern Westerners , the way it does n't differentiate between muscle mass and lard etc .
An " ideal " BMI sufferer putting on a few pounds of muscle by doing some judicious exercise might well stave off death for a bit longer ; simply gorging on cakes probably wo n't help .
Still , at least TV food comic Giles Coren 's recent calls for a BMI tax are now further exposed as foolishness , and the " fat people " that he rashly proposes to attack with a stick ( any time , Coren - better make it a big stick * ) have the consolation of knowing that they 'll probably outlive him . ®
* Your correspondent is 6 ' 3 " and 16 stone , i.e. " overweight " .
# Example ; Using the pod Python Object Database .
# Import the library .
import pod
# Initialize the database connection .
db = pod .
Db ( file = ' myblog.sqlite3 ' , very_chatty = False )
# The blog schema .
Extends the core pod .
Object class .
class Blog ( pod .
Object ) :
# Schema fields .
name = pod .
column .
String ( index = False )
# Constructor .
def __init__ ( self , ** kw ) :
pod .
Object .
__init__ ( self , ** kw )
# Called before any instances of this class are deleted
# from the database .
def pre_delete ( self ) :
# Ensure that all blog entries associated with this
# blog are also deleted from the database .
print " Destroying blog entries . "
for entry in BlogEntry .
owner == self :
entry . delete ( )
# The blog entry schema .
Extends the core pod .
Object class .
class BlogEntry ( pod .
Object ) :
# Schema fields .
owner = pod .
column .
Object ( index = True )
title = pod .
column .
String ( index = False )
body = pod .
column .
String ( index = False )
# Constructor .
def __init__ ( self , ** kw ) :
pod .
Object .
__init__ ( self , ** kw )
# Instantiate the main blog instance .
def make_main_blog ( ) :
print " Creating main blog . "
blog = Blog ( name = " main " )
db . commit ( )
return blog
# Instantiate two blog entry instances .
def make_entries ( ) :
print " Creating blog entries . "
blog_obj = get_main_blog ( )
BlogEntry ( owner = blog_obj , title = " Title1 " , body = " Body1 " )
BlogEntry ( owner = blog_obj , title = " Title2 " , body = " Body2 " )
db . commit ( )
# Retrieve the main blog instance , creating it if not found .
def get_main_blog ( ) :
for blog in Blog .
name == " main " :
return blog
return make_main_blog ( )
# Retrieve the blog entries associated with the main blog .
def get_entries ( ) :
entries = [ ]
for entry in BlogEntry . owner == get_main_blog ( ) :
entries . append ( entry )
return entries
# Delete the main blog from the database .
def cleanup ( ) :
print " Destroying main blog . "
blog_obj = get_main_blog ( )
blog_obj . delete ( )
db . commit ( )
# Main program .
if __name__ == " __main__ " :
# Build the main blog instance .
blog_obj = get_main_blog ( )
# Build the blog entry instances .
make_entries ()
# Retrieve and display the blog entries .
for entry in get_entries ( ) :
print " Entry Title : " , entry .
title
# Destroy the blog .
cleanup ( )
Some Python applications are so lightweight , it is a challenge to justify incorporating a big RDBMS into the ORM logic .
Popular Python ORM packages such as SQLObject and SQLAlchemy , support many major relational database management systems .
These RDBMS packages are hardly suitable for more modest Python packages .
The pod Python package offers a nice alternative to using the more popular Python ORM technologies .
At the core of the pod storage engine is SQLite .
Although the other popular ORM technologies support SQLite , you also get support for the larger RDBMS packages even if you do n't need them .
The pod codebase is thus much smaller than any equivalent .
Similar ORM concepts apply when using pod to store Python instances .
The following is an example of the pod Python library in use .
Researchers at the University of Queensland in Australia have found a traditional extract of Kava , a medicinal plant from the South Pacific , to be safe and effective in reducing anxiety .
To be published online this week in the Springer journal Psychopharmacology , the results of a world - first clinical trial which found that a water - soluble extract of Kava was effective in treating anxiety and improving mood .
The Kava was prescribed in the form of tablets .
Lead researcher Jerome Sarris , a PhD candidate from UQ’s School of Medicine , said the placebo - controlled study found Kava to be an effective and safe treatment option for people with chronic anxiety and varying levels of depression .
“ We ’ve been able to show that Kava offers a natural alternative for the treatment of anxiety , and unlike some pharmaceutical options , has less risk of dependency and less potential of side effects , ” Mr. Sarris said .
Each week participants were given a clinical assessment as well as a self - rating questionnaire to measure their anxiety and depression levels .
The researchers found anxiety levels decreased dramatically for participants taking five tablets of Kava per day as opposed to the placebo group which took dummy pills .
“ We also found that Kava had a positive impact on reducing depression levels , something which had not been tested before , ” Mr. Sarris said .
In 2002 Kava was banned in Europe , UK and Canada due to concerns over liver toxicity .
While the three - week trial raised no major health concerns regarding the Kava extract used , the researchers said larger studies were required to confirm the drug ’s safety .
“ When extracted in the appropriate way , Kava may pose less or no potential liver problems .
I hope the results will encourage governments to reconsider the ban , ” Mr. Sarris said .
“ Ethanol and acetone extracts , which sometimes use the incorrect parts of the Kava , were being sold in Europe .
That is not the traditional way of prescribing Kava in the Pacific Islands .
Our study used a water - soluble extract from the peeled rootstock of a medicinal cultivar of the plant , which is approved by the Therapeutic Goods Administration of Australia and is currently legal in Australia for medicinal use . ”
It would be easy to blame the Beltway logjam in gay civil rights progress on the cultural warriors of the religious right and its political host , the Republican Party .
But it would be inaccurate .
The right has lost much of its clout in the capital and , as President Obama ’s thoughtful performance at Notre Dame dramatized last weekend , its shrill anti-abortion - rights extremism now plays badly even in supposedly friendly confines .
Anyone with half a brain in the incredibly shrinking G.O.P. knows that gay bashing will further dim the party ’s already remote chance of recruiting young voters to replenish its aging ranks , much as the right ’s immigrant bashing drove away Hispanics .
This is why Republican politicians now say they oppose only gay marriage , not gay people , even when it ’s blatant that they ’re dissembling .
Naked homophobia  those campy , fear - mongering National Organization for Marriage ads , for instance  is increasingly unwelcome in a party fighting for survival .
The wingnuts do n’t even have Dick Cheney on their side on this issue .
Most Congressional Republicans will still vote against gay civil rights .
Some may take the politically risky path of demonizing same - sex marriage during the coming debate over the new Supreme Court nominee .
Old prejudices and defense mechanisms die hard , after all : there are still many gay men in the party ’s hierarchy hiding in fear from what remains of the old religious - right base .
In “ Outrage , ” a new documentary addressing precisely this point , Kirk Fordham , who had been chief of staff to Mark Foley , the former Republican congressman , says , “ If they tried to fire gay staff like they do booting people out of the military , the legislative process would screech to a halt . ”
A closet divided against itself cannot stand .
Image Frank Rich Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
But when Congressional Republicans try to block gay civil rights  last week one cadre introduced a bill to void the recognition of same - sex marriage in the District of Columbia  they just do n’t have the votes to get their way .
The Democrats do have the votes to advance the gay civil rights legislation Obama has promised to sign .
And they have a serious responsibility to do so .
Let ’s not forget that “ do n’t ask ” and DOMA both happened on Bill Clinton ’s watch and with his approval .
Indeed , in the 2008 campaign , Obama ’s promise to repeal DOMA outright was a position meant to outflank Hillary Clinton , who favored only a partial revision .
So what ’s stopping the Democrats from rectifying that legacy now ?
As Wolfson said to me last week , they lack “ a towering national figure to make the moral case ” for full gay civil rights .
There ’s no one of that stature in Congress now that Ted Kennedy has been sidelined by illness , and the president shows no signs so far of following the example of L.B.J. , who championed black civil rights even though he knew it would cost his own party the South .
When Obama invoked same - sex marriage in an innocuous joke at the White House correspondents ’ dinner two weeks ago  he and his political partner , David Axelrod , went to Iowa to “ make it official ”  it seemed all the odder that he has n’t engaged the issue substantively .
“ This is a civil rights moment , ” Wolfson said , “ and Obama has not yet risen to it . ”
Worse , Obama ’s opposition to same - sex marriage is now giving cover to every hard - core opponent of gay rights , from the Miss USA contestant Carrie Prejean to the former Washington mayor Marion Barry , each of whom can claim with nominal justification to share the president ’s views .
Technology.am ( May 8 , 2009 ) — FreshBooks , a Toronto - based an online invoicing and tracking system , is added a new networking feature to its software that allows freelancers and small businesses to work with each other directly within the program and share this information freely .
Through the “ Contractor ” feature , FreshBooks users can create and share client projects across FreshBook accounts , with multiple users able to access different accounts .
Formerly , FreshBooks users could n’t collaborate on projects across the Internet .
There are privacy issues to managing a project online .
FreshBooks maintains that you can share certain information like invoices , time sheets , billing but also keep privileged client information private on the network .
The Contractor feature also facilitates real - time project tracking , giving businesses visibility into a contractor ’s progress on a project .
FreshBooks , lets you create invoices , time sheets and estimates within the browser .
FreshBooks has built up around those services , so that you can handle both sides of the billing equation fairly easily .
You can ask all your contractors to send you their bills within FreshBooks , compile all those numbers into one bill , add your own fees , and send it on to your client .
Through FreshBooks ’ time - tracking features , you can see what those contractors have been up to and how much progress they ’ve made .
If cash - flow is an issue , you can also configure your account so your contractors get paid by your client , without revealing sensitive information about those contractors to your client .
FreshBooks has free and paid plans and has served 700,000 users since its launch in 2004 .
The startup has steadily added useful features to its billing service over the past few years , including benchmark reports on aggregated business data , an open API , and data mining from users .
Competitors in the online billing space include BillMyClients and Blinksale .
Chart of the Day : Did n’t see that coming
Here ’s how ChartOfTheDay.com illustrates Wall Street ’s precipitous drop in earnings :
“ While the stock market is up sharply since early March , the economy as well as corporate earnings continue to suffer .
Today ’s chart helps provide some perspective as to the magnitude of the current economic decline .
Today ’s chart illustrates that 12 - month , as - reported S&P 500 earnings have declined over 90 % over the past 20 months ( with over 90 % of S&P 500 companies having reported for Q1 2009 ) , making this by far the largest decline on record ( the data goes back to 1936 ) .
In fact , real earnings have dropped to a record low and if current estimates hold , Q3 2009 will see the first 12 - month period during which S&P 500 earnings are negative . ”
Source : This specific chart on ChartOfTheDay.com .
LONDON , April 6 ( UPI ) -- A British man who died last week amid protests of the Group of 20 economic summit in London was hit by police with a baton , witnesses say .
An official examination found that Ian Tomlinson , 47 , who was not taking part in the protests , died of natural causes Wednesday after suddenly collapsing while demonstrators crowded near the Bank of England in the City of London financial district .
But witnesses claim Tomlinson struck his head after being pushed from behind and was struck by a police baton , The Times of London reported Monday .
Advertisement
The newspaper said investigators from the Independent Police Complaints Commission were set to look out media photographs of Tomlinson 's death and would issue a call for any more images that may exist .
" I saw a riot police officer rushing towards him from behind and grabbing hold of him from behind and charging with him , " photographer Anna Branthwaite told The Times .
" He ( the officer ) grabbed him by the scruff of the neck and used his own body to propel him forward . "
Another unnamed witness told the newspaper that Tomlinson was pushed from behind and fell forward on his head .
AFP /AP
OVER 60 refugees are reported to have been killed by shellfire in north - eastern Sri Lanka on Wednesday April 8th .
They were among thousands trapped by fighting between the army and surviving Tamil Tiger rebels , who are making a last stand on Mullaitivu beach , a sandy - spit between the Indian Ocean and a long lagoon .
The beach , which is roughly 17 km in length and 1.5 km wide , has been designated as a “ no - fire zone ” by the army , which claims to have surrounded it .
Yet the civilians encamped there — perhaps 150,000 in all , according to the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) — have been regularly bombarded , for which each side blames the other .
The UN 's human rights chief , Navi Pillay , has suggested that both may be guilty of war crimes .
The army says it has engaged in almost no fighting since April 5th , when it emerged victorious from a three - day battle outside the no-fire zone , where it killed 525 Tigers .
An army spokesman says it has not used indirect fire in the region — including artillery and mortar rounds — for several weeks .
According to a doctor working in a makeshift hospital in the no-fire zone , however , it saw unprecedentedly heavy shellfire and civilian casualties on Wednesday .
By phone from the war - zone , he said that 296 wounded refugees had been brought to the hospital , a converted school building , and that 47 had died there .
Typically with “ big lacerations in the abdomen , in the chest , very bad head injuries ” , the wounded included 52 children under the age of 15 .
The doctor , who requested that his name not be published , said that the hospital , which has eight doctors and 20 nurses employed by the government to work in the Tigers ' formerly extensive fief , had been overwhelmed by this influx .
Already , he said , a dire shortage of drugs had driven them to carry out surgery on people dosed with painkillers , but not anaesthetic .
Over 100 of the newly wounded were therefore evacuated ( along with 400 others ) aboard small fishing boats to a ship manned offshore by the ICRC .
The doctor said he had heard that at least three of these evacuees subsequently died .
Shortly after 7 am , the doctor said he had seen the effect of the first bombardment of the day .
He said five shells had landed , a few minutes and up to 30 m apart , in an area thick with refugees : three of their jerry - built shelters , constructed of sticks and plastic sheeting , took direct hits .
The doctor said 13 people , including a mother of four children and at least one child , were killed by the volley , and 55 were seriously wounded .
“ It 's a very fearful situation , ” he said .
“ Everywhere you look , people are dying , like hunted animals . ”
Because the government has barred journalists and most aid workers from the battlefield , it was not possible to verify his report .
But the figures it contains are consistent with those quoted to the BBC by another doctor at the hospital , and with reports sent , from various sources , to foreign diplomats in Colombo .
The ICRC has said that one of its workers was killed in the no-fire zone by shellfire on Wednesday .
The doctor said that in March nearly 2,800 wounded refugees were admitted to the hospital , of whom over 500 had died there .
Many others , he said , had been killed and buried without reaching the hospital .
These figures are broadly consistent with other estimates .
Of 2,400 sick and wounded evacuated from Mullaitivu beach from January to mid-March , 1,900 underwent surgery for shrapnel and splinter wounds .
Though the government denies shelling the no-fire zone , it has admitted doing so to foreign diplomats , to return the Tigers ' fire , and only where it could ensure no civilian would be harmed .
Given that artillery fire is said to be accurate with a 250 m - margin for error , this may explain some of the casualties .
But the government suggests it is the Tigers who are firing on the refugees , who they are certainly holding hostage , in an effort to smear the army and provoke international outrage and a ceasefire .
For their part , the Tigers , who the army says are down to 200 hardened fighters , accuse it of killing the refugees .
According to the doctor on Mullaitivu beach , each bombardment provokes a clamour of refugees wanting to escape .
Over 20,000 have done so in the past three weeks .
But the doctor said that many are being deterred from trying because of the dangers of crossing a battle - field - and because of the “ local police ” , a possible euphemism for the Tigers .
Contrary to official reports , the doctor said that sporadic fighting appeared to be continuing outside the no-fire zone .
Advertisements
Tonight comedian Lewis Black was on MSNBC ’s Countdown with Keith Olbermann talking about the disappearance of Gov. Mark Sanford , the family values of Sen. John Ensign , and Barack Obama ’s smoking .
Check out the video .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Black on post Bush life , “ Just because he left office , does n’t mean that stupidity left the country .
They really continue to top themselves .
Black on Sen. Ensign , “ It was a step forward for the Republicans because it was a woman , so we ’re moving maybe in the right direction for them again .
They ’re back to family values . ”
Black on Obama ’s smoking , “ I think it would be great at some point , because they love to just go nuts over him , what he should do , something should happen some major event occurs , and what his response should be is to just be walking in front of the White House smoking , smoking his brains out . ”
This was n’t “ The Daily Show ” Lewis Black .
Frankly , I do n’t know if I have ever seen him so mellow , but it was a good segment none the less .
It probably would have worked better if Olbermann was a little less participant and more straight man , but for those of us who are a bit older it was nice to see that the Sportscenter era Olbermann is n’t completely dead and buried .
The Supreme Court refused Monday to permit prolonged , secret questioning of crime suspects , ruling that even voluntary confessions may not be used in a federal court if the defendant was held more than six hours before confessing .
Justice David H. Souter pointed to the surprising number of persons who have been shown to be innocent through DNA evidence but had confessed to a crime .
Police questioning “ isolates and pressures the individual , ” he said , “ and there is mounting empirical evidence that these pressures can induce a frighteningly high percentage of people to confess to crimes they never committed . ”
The 5 - 4 decision upheld a federal rule dating back to the 1940s that says crime suspects should be brought before a magistrate as soon as possible .
Advertisement
The Constitution requires crime suspects to be given a “ probable cause ” hearing within 48 hours of their arrest , the court said in 1991 .
Monday ’s decision set aside the confession of a man convicted of robbing a Philadelphia - area bank and who was held and questioned by the FBI for two days before he was brought before a magistrate .
Johnnie Corley had signed a written confession .
In sending the case back to Philadelphia , Souter said the confession could not be used unless agents could show that Corley agreed to speak within six hours of his arrest .
The decision turned on how to interpret a 1968 law in which Congress said confessions could be used in federal court if they were “ voluntarily given . ”
Another provision of that law says the defendant ’s statement can be used “ if such confession was made or given by such person within six hours immediately following his arrest . ”
Advertisement
Souter said this law required confessions to be excluded if the suspect was not brought before a magistrate and instead was questioned at length .
Without such a rule , “ federal agents would be free to question suspects for extended periods before bringing them out in the open , and we have always known what custodial secrecy leads to , ” Souter wrote .
“ No one with any smattering of the history of 20th century dictatorships needs a lecture on the subject , and we understand the need even within our own system to take care against going too far . ”
The six - hour rule applies only in federal prosecutions .
In state and local cases , police must follow the 1966 Miranda ruling that requires police to tell suspects they have a right to consult a lawyer and a right to remain silent .
Joining Souter ’s opinion in Corley vs. United States were Justices John Paul Stevens , Anthony M. Kennedy , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer .
Advertisement
David McColgin , a federal defender in Philadelphia who represented Corley , said the ruling was significant .
“ Agents can use subtle pressure to get people to make a confession , ” he said .
“ One way to do it is to keep someone isolated for a long time . ”
The four dissenters said the majority had misread the law , arguing that Congress intended to protect voluntary confessions , not to cast doubt on those that emerged from extending questioning .
Monday ’s ruling may not mean Corley will go free .
Three men robbed a bank in Norristown , Pa. , in 2003 , and Corley was the only person charged and convicted of the crime .
He was given 14 years in prison .
His confession was the only evidence against him , the court noted .
Advertisement
--
david.savage@latimes.com
Defining Atheism
atheos
Misunderstanding Atheism
Implications of How We Define Atheism
Summary
is a dirty word in modern American society .
In the minds of many , it conjures images of Communism , immorality , Satanism , and the like .
Rather than encouraging accurate definitions and working to correct misconceptions , far too many atheists avoid the term altogether , referring to themselves as " non-believers , " " brights , " " freethinkers , " , or " agnostics . "
I see this as a neglect of our responsibility and argue that standing by an accurate definition of atheism is in our interest .
Within our community and without , we face a bewildering variety of definitions .
Confusion over the meaning of atheism is an important obstacle to increased acceptance of atheists in society .
It is in this context that I offer the following thoughts .
To understand the meaning of atheism , we need to start by defining theism .refers to belief in a god or gods of some sort .
Thus , a theist is one who believes in a god or gods .
If I tell you that I am a theist , all I am telling you is that I believe in a god or gods .
We can add the prefix " mono " to limit ourselves to one god or " poly " to specify belief in multiple gods .
Christianity is a subcategory of monotheism .
Christians are monotheists because the Christian doctrine posits one god .
However , not all monotheists are Christian because Judaism and Islam are also monotheistic religions .
So what am I saying if I tell you that I am an atheist ?
Atheism , from the Greek , is the lack of theistic belief ( a- " without " + theos " God " ) .
Thus , an atheist is someone who does not believe in a god or gods .
Note that " one who lacks belief in a god or gods " is not quite the same thing as " one who believes that there are no god or gods . "
This distinction may be subtle , but it is important for reasons I will review below .
As I have stated elsewhere , " Atheism is not a religion , a philosophy , a worldview , or anything similar .
It is not the conviction that there are no gods , ghosts , angels , etc . "
Rather , atheism refers to the lack of theistic belief .
A young child or a person living in an isolated community who has never heard of gods is an atheist .
In fact , we are all born atheists because we have not encountered any theistic concepts before birth .
There are at least two reasons why most Americans misunderstand the meaning of atheism .
The first is the long history of religious propaganda to which we have all been exposed .
Historically , the Christian church needed to go on the offensive to maintain its hold on society .
Since atheists did not accept the core foundation on which the church rested , we were an obvious target .
Through systematic and widespread propaganda , we were turned into haters of the Christian god or victims of demonic forces .
In short , our lack of belief in Christian dogma was interpreted as a threat to Christians .
A second reason for the common misunderstanding of atheism is that many atheists do hold some of the other beliefs often attributed to atheism .
Many atheists are politically liberal , hold a naturalistic worldview in which the existence of a supernatural realm is denied , base their sense of right and wrong on a non-religious system such as secular humanism , etc .
Thus , the perception that atheism includes these attributes is an understandable stereotype with some truth to it .
However , anyone who spends any time with atheists will discover that it is inaccurate .
I have met socially conservative Republican atheists , radical libertarian / anarchist atheists , atheists who believe in a spirit world , and a host of other examples which shatter this mistaken view of atheism .
In other words , because many ( even most ) atheists are secular humanists does not mean that secular humanism is part of the definition of atheism .
To hold such a view would be as absurd as claiming that all theists were Christian .
How we define atheism has several important implications .
First , we must have an accurate definition of atheism if we are to have a serious discussion about religion and the nature of religious belief .
Atheism is the default state which is the starting point for all humans .
We enter the world as atheists , and many of us subsequently acquire religious beliefs through cultural immersion and indoctrination .
Understanding this allows us to explore the nature of religious belief , how it is acquired , and what it means for believers .
Second , it is critical to recognize that atheism does not involve the assertion of any belief claim .
An atheist is simply an individual who do not hold the theistic belief claim ( i.e. , that god or gods exist ) .
Inargues that such a definition reminds us that the burden of proof lies with the theist because this is the person making the belief claim .
When the theist says , " God exists , " we are correct to expect evidence in support of this claim .
Without such evidence , the claim cannot be accepted on rational grounds .
The atheist is saying , " I do n't accept this claim , " and this rejection requires no evidence precisely because it is the default position where no positive assertion is being made .
Nobody believes x until someone articulates a claim regarding x .
We then expect evidence for x if our belief is to be rational .
As I stated in a previous post , " Nobody expects you to prove that you do not have a fairy godmother , but if you claim that you do , we all ( including Christians ) expect evidence .
"
If we make the mistake of defining atheism as hatred of god ( as many Christians do ) , we end up with a meaningless emotional reaction which can neither be supported nor refuted .
Such a definition presupposes the existence of the subject of our hatred , and this can not be presupposed .
Alternatively , if we make the mistake of defining atheism as the conviction that there are no gods ( as some atheists do ) , we are now guilty of making the same type of truth claim as the theist , namely one for which we are able to offer no evidence .
Besides , it is highly doubtful that proving the non-existence of something is logically possible .
I have proposed here that we use an accurate definition in whichis defined as " the lack of belief in a god or gods " andis defined as " one who lacks belief in a god or gods . "
If we refuse to educate the public about this , we must share in the blame for the some of the social stigma surrounding atheism .
A film crew for controversial documentarian Michael Moore was in Wilkes - Barre , PA last week , conducting interviews for what is presumed to be his upcoming , untitled documentary .
The crew were interviewing people who were involved in the recent Luzerne County Courthouse scandal involving county judge Mark A. Ciavarella Jr. accepting $ 2.6 million from two privately owned juvenile detention centers in exchange for helping secure county contracts worth $ 30 million .
Moore was not present during the shooting .
Up until now , all we knew about Moore ’s film was that it was to be “ a look at the global financial crisis and the U.S. economy during the transition between the incoming Obama Administration and the outgoing Bush Administration , ” as its IMDb logline puts it .
It is understandable that the scandal , which made national news when it broke earlier this year , is something that Moore would be interested .
Private prisons have certainly been a growing business over the last ten years , thanks in part to the ongoing Republican drive to pare down the size of government , outsourcing certain services to the private sector .
Ciaveralla and another Luzerne County judge , Michael Conahan , are currently awaiting trial on charges that they convicted hundreds of juvenile defendants and sentencing them to privately run detention facilities in exchange for kickbacks .
The two are currently facing up to seven years in prison , while a class action law suit is being organized on behalf of the children falsely convicted .
Privately run prisons have come under fire in recent years over their treatment of prisoners .
One such company , the Geo Group , has come under fire for inmate deaths at several of its facilities .
Thanks to FBOL contributor John Gibbon for the tip on this story .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The best refutation of Dick Cheney ’s insistence that torture was necessary and useful in dealing with threats from al - Qaeda just died in a Libyan prison .
See also Andy Worthington .
Al - Qaeda operative Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi was captured trying to escape from Afghanistan in late 2001 .
He was sent to Egypt to be tortured , and under duress alleged that Saddam Hussein was training al - Qaeda agents in chemical weapons techniques .
It was a total crock , and alleged solely to escape further pain .
Al - Libi disavowed the allegation when he was returned to CIA custody .
But Cheney and Condi Rice ran with the single - source , torture - induced assertion and it was inserted by Scooter Libby in Colin Powell ’s infamous speech to the United Nations .
If torture can mislead you into launching a war that results in hundreds of thousands of deaths , then it should be avoided , quite apart from the fact that it is illegal and that the United States is signatory to binding treaties specifying its illegality .
( It is coming out that Bush - Cheney ’s own CIA Inspector - General expressed the view that the Bush - era torture was medically unsound , did not produce the desired results , and contravened the UN Convention against torture .
Here is what Condi Rice told the Lehrer News Hour in 2002 , based on the torture - induced statements of the late al - Libi :
‘ “ We clearly know that there were in the past and have been contacts between senior Iraqi officials and members of Al Qaeda going back for actually quite a long time , ” Rice said .
“ We know too that several of the [ Al Qaeda ] detainees , in particular some high - ranking detainees , have said that Iraq provided some training to Al Qaeda in chemical weapons development . ” ‘
In my book , Napoleon ’s Egypt : Invading the Middle East , I note that Gen. Bonaparte forbade the use of torture by French military interrogators in Cairo , on the grounds that it produced too much misinformation .
Napoleon was not exactly squeamish .
And even he would have been ashamed of the crew we had in Washington before last January .
End / ( Not Continued )
NEW YORK – What comes after Y2K ?
If we avoid the Big Meltdown , and the fin de millennium turns out to be less than apocalyptic , one of the first tasks we 'll face will be to name the decade after the 90s .
Just doing the math wo n't help .
Tags for the zero - laden next decade floated in popular magazines in recent weeks have included such ungainly – or outright depressing – monikers as the Zeroes , the Singles , the 2000s , the Double - Os , the Oh - Ohs , the Y2Ks , and the Millies .
Futurist Faith Popcorn is billing the next cultural growth - spurt as the " EVEolennium , " an era of marketing influenced by the growing economic clout of women that will launch the " e- lennium . "
If none of those names ring your chimes , you 're not alone .
A cheeky Silicon Alley - based arts collective called Foomedia has come along with a grassroots campaign to encourage the widespread adoption of its own idea as the buzz phrase of the decade .
In the past few days , posters and stickers have appeared on walls and in phone booths all over downtown Manhattan .
" The coming decade has a name , " they declare .
" Naught = 0 . Naughty = Fun . "
Goodbye , '90s .
Hello , " Naughties . "
Over the weekend , Foomedia launched the online arm of its campaign to spread the Naughties meme .
Visitors to Project Naughtie headquarters at Naughties.com are invited to register as " naughtie boys and girls , " and to download posters and stickers emblazoned with the grinning face of the campaign 's mysterious figurehead : a toothy , cowlicked , not altogether innocent - looking boy named " Guru Adrian . "
Guru Adrian is the jaunty " non-prophet " alter ego of the mastermind behind Project Naughtie , artist David Wales .
" Who wants to live through ' the Zeroes ? ' " asks Wales .
The catchier moniker came to him in a moment of inspiration on the subway , he says .
He remembers giggling out loud .
" That 's how I know it 's a good name – everyone I 've told it to has laughed . "
The Project Naughtie team hopes that , by christening the decade with a name that suggests creative subversion , they 'll help jumpstart the next millennium with 10 years of irreverent innovation .
Predicting trends is more than just a hobby for Wales , whose day job is keeping an eye on the Zeitgeist for Toyota .
The car manufacturer employs the Australian - born artist as a " cultural forecaster . "
Recent research included clocking the contents of messenger bags , backpacks , and purses of New Yorkers attempting to lug their increasingly mobile offices around on straps across their shoulders .
" When people ask me what people are going to be wearing in five years , " says Wales , " I tell them , ' Computers . ' "
To launch the Naughties campaign , Wales hooked up with Matt Frost and Geoff Seelinger , whose two - person startup , Foomedia , has done print advertising and Web design for scrappy online destinations aimed at teens such as Planet Kiki and a do - it - yourself DJ site called the Dollhouse .
Seelinger says he likes the Naughties tag because " it implies innocence and mischief .
It 's about extending boundaries in a playful way . "
Frost sees an inherent optimism in the sharing of ideas and resources on the Web that encouraged the team 's ambition to coin a catchphrase for the next decade .
The team has no commercial interest in the Naughties tag – they just want to see their snappy , upbeat name catch on .
The campaign is being run out of the Foomedia studio , which is located on the site of a former brothel on Third Avenue .
More Web projects and a Naughties dance track for MTV are in the works , and Frost and Seelinger plan to use movie projectors rescued from a local dumpster to screen Naughties graphics on the huge wall outside their studio .
A pair of trendy gift shops called Alphabets have volunteered their windows in January in service of the cause , and a window - dresser at upmarket Bergdorf - Goodman is considering highlighting a Naughties exhibit early next year .
The Project Naughtie team is decidedly psyched about the future .
Jaded New York - style irony and cynicism are " so 20th century , " Wales quips .
Seelinger , who studied post - Structuralism in college , adds that " perhaps we needed a critique of everything at the end of the century .
But it 's time to move on .
It 's time to make good with what we know . "
VANCOUVER–Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff is serving notice of an election as early as June if the Conservative government does n't make some immediate changes to the employment insurance system in Canada .
Talking to reporters at the close of the convention that confirmed him as Liberal leader , Ignatieff said today that he 's told his party to have an election platform ready to go by June .
" I 'm trying to protect these unemployed workers across the country who badly need help and if the government will work with me , we can get it done , " Ignatieff said .
" If they wo n't , we 'll have to have an election . "
Liberals , he said , are in favour of an immediate , " urgent " change that would make people eligible for EI benefits if they 've worked 360 hours in the previous 52 weeks – regardless of where they live .
The current system , Ignatieff said , is a complicated tangle of 54 different eligibility requirements , depending on local regions and unemployment rates .
" This is an urgent measure , " Ignatieff said .
" We 're thinking that something in the range of 360 ( hours ) .
That 's a measure proposed by many of the groups who 've studied this issue carefully and as a temporary measure , we think it makes sense . "
He added though , that even when the economic crisis is over , Liberals will still be advocating for one , common national EI standard .
And he would like an all - party committee of the Commons to take an overall look at improving the whole system .
" It strikes Canadians as unfair that if you pay into the thing , your eligibility depends on where you live , " he said .
Ignatieff continues to say that he does n't want an election , and that he does n't want to keep threatening one , but he is clearly leaving the door open to a June election , which some partisans would favour as Liberals seem to be rising in recent polls and fund - raising reports .
A June election also suits Liberals who fear that Conservatives may use the summer to raise money and launch a negative - ad war against Ignatieff , as they did with his predecessor , Stephane Dion .
Ignatieff does n't have any plans to do a big public release of the election platform in June , he said .
He just wants his party to have it ready in case .
EPA : Despite emissions drop ,
Texas still a big polluter EPA : Texas outpaces rest of U.S. in cutting toxics
Despite emissions drop ,
Texas is still a big polluter , data show
• See breakdown of Texas pollution
• • •
Texas industries released fewer toxic chemicals into the environment in 2007 than the year before , according to newly released federal data .
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ’s latest statistics show that the state ’s emissions dropped 7 percent , outpacing the reductions of the nation as a whole .
Still ,
Texas remained one of the biggest polluters among states , behind Alaska , Ohio and Indiana in the release of chemicals that cause cancer , neurological damage or other ills .
Harris County continued to lead Texas — and ranked No. 11 among counties nationwide — with the release of 39 million pounds of toxic chemicals .
The county , home to 321 chemical plants , factories and refineries , reported a 4 percent reduction from 2006 to 2007 .
Brazoria County ranked second in the state with 31 million pounds , and Jefferson County was third with 21 million pounds .
The EPA ’s annual Toxic Release Inventory tracks the emissions of 650 chemicals at 22,000 facilities nationwide .
Although the inventory has become a widely used resource since it started in 1988 , it has been criticized for relying on industry - reported estimates .
The inventory also does n’t include toxic chemicals in the exhausts from vehicles , construction equipment or airplanes , which can account for a big share of Houston ’s famously dirty air .
Nonetheless , state , local and industry experts said the latest data show that efforts to reduce harmful emissions are working .
Harris County , for example , saw a significant drop in emissions of 1,3 butadiene , a cancer - causing chemical used in the production of rubber and nylon .
Officials said one reason for the drop in 1,3 butadiene emissions is Texas Petrochemicals ’ 2005 agreement with the city to reduce emissions of the chemical by half .
Since then , the East End plant has cut emissions from 136,433 pounds a year to 60,712 pounds in 2007 , a 55 percent drop , EPA data show .
The city is seeking similar reductions of benzene , a petroleum byproduct known to cause cancer .
The latest data showed more emissions of the chemical in Harris County in 2007 than the year before .
State regulators said that ’s because a Deer Park company that handles hazardous waste incorrectly reported the amount of benzene it injected into underground wells .
The company , Texas Molecular , has submitted a revised number , lowering its emissions from 2.3 million pounds to 36,487 pounds , said Terry Clawson , a spokesman for the regulatory Texas Commission on Environmental Quality .
The mistake raises doubts about the accuracy of industry ’s estimates and reinforces the need for more measurements , said Matthew Tejada , executive director of the Galveston - Houston Association for Smog Prevention .
“ This imperfect tool is just that — imperfect , ” Tejada said of the federal inventory .
“ We wo n’t really make our next step with the measuring and reporting of toxic emissions until we start doing the first step — measuring — before attempting the second step — reporting . ”
matthew.tresaugue@chron.com
Issue # 84 • November / December , 2003
My initial enthusiasm for making my own soap was deflating with each book I read on the subject .
They all warned of the dangers of lye , one of the key ingredients , to such an extent that I began to wonder if I would be risking my life to attempt making soap .
Goggles ?
Rubber gloves ?
Lots of ventilation ?
No aluminum pots ?
And above all , do n’t let the lye touch you or it will burn holes in your skin .
Well , I ’m happy to say my enthusiasm for the idea of making soap stayed strong enough that I decided to try it in spite of all the cautions .
Being the skeptic that I am , I figured that the books were required to be extremely cautious to avoid lawsuits from individuals possessing less than a full ration of common sense .
Making soap is really quite easy and lots of fun .
I reasoned that if I proceeded with a sensible amount of caution things should be okay .
I ’m glad I did .
Cautions
Lye really is nasty stuff .
It ’s corrosive , it gives off chocking fumes until it is all dissolved in the water and it can indeed burn your skin on contact .
You need to be careful not to let the lye crystals touch your skin as you slowly pour them into the pitcher to dissolve .
Stir gently with a wooden spoon when adding the lye to the water so as to avoid splashing .
I learned that it is definitely a good idea to have a window open for ventilation when dissolving the crystals .
I also tend to hold my breath until the lye is all dissolved just for good measure .
The first few times I did this step I worked outdoors just to be safe .
After a bit I decided this was overkill and reverted to just opening a window .
Wearing rubber gloves is also a good idea because the lye and the raw soap can burn .
I definitely make sure to remember the gloves when cutting the day - old soap into bars and when setting the bars out to dry as they can bite .
By the way , if you ever do splash lye on your skin pour a little white vinegar on the area .
The vinegar will neutralize the lye and take away the sting .
Among the tools you ’ll need are a large cooking pot , a measuring cup , rubber gloves , a glass or plastic pitcher , a thermometer , and a wooden or plastic spoon or spatula .
One more caution : Lye will eat through aluminum pans .
Use only glass , enameled pans with no nicks , plastic , or stainless steel containers .
You can use wooden spoons as long as you are aware that they will deteriorate and splinter over time .
Plastic or rubber spatulas work well and do n’t disintegrate .
Okay , so now the cautions are out of the way .
Let ’s talk next about what you ’ll need to make your first batch of soap .
Utensils
You ’ll need one large cooking pot in which to melt the lard / oils , a glass or plastic pitcher in which to mix the lye and water , a glass or plastic measuring cup and a wooden or plastic spoon or spatula for stirring .
You ’ll also need a mold , such as a rectangular plastic box , if you have one , or you can make one out of wood .
I made a wooden one , using plywood for the base and 1 x 4 lumber for the sides .
You ’ll also need a cover to put on top of the mold after you pour in your soap mixture .
You can use another piece of plywood or heavy cardboard for this .
A blanket will be needed to wrap it in , and some freezer paper to line the mold so the soap mixture does n’t leak out the cracks .
If you ’d like to do it the old - fashioned way wet an old towel and line the box with that .
It will leave funny patterns on the bottom of the soap , but wo n’t affect its quality .
I have found that a little soap leaked through the towel when I tried this , however , so if you ’re worried about a bit of mess you may not want to do this .
Ingredients
Now , what is soap actually made of ?
Soap is made by combining lye and fat .
When heated and combined the mixture undergoes a chemical reaction and becomes an entirely new substance : soap .
The type of fat you use is up to you .
If you use beef fat ( suet ) your soap will be brown .
If you use pig fat ( lard ) it will be white and vegetable oils will give you a creamy off - white bar .
Soap made with vegetable oils will be softer than those made with beef or pig fat .
My personal favorite is lard mixed with coconut oil .
The coconut oil will create a richer lather .
If you ’d like scented soaps , you will also need to add some essential oil .
Each type of fat requires a different ratio of lye water to fat so it will be a help to you to get your hands on a book with recipes suited to the type of soap you want to make .
For a simple first - try batch , I have included a couple of my favorite recipes at the end of this article .
Most of the modern soap making books will try to convince you that you should buy a scale and weigh everything , including your water , rather than to measure it in cups .
This approach will certainly give you more accurate ratios of lye to lard / oils .
My interests in Colonial living led me to try making soaps with as few modern utensils as possible .
Doing so taught me that using either weighed or measured ingredients will produce usable soap .
The same holds true for using thermometers and bringing your lye water and lard / oils to the correct temperatures .
The goal is to get both mixtures to nearly the same temperature — somewhere around 95 degrees F. I used thermometers for a long time .
Then came the day I was demonstrating soap making at a living history museum and could n’t use any modern utensils at all .
I then had to rely on the old - fashioned method of feeling the outside of the containers to determine when they were the same lukewarm temperature .
I was rather nervous about using this less than scientific method , but it worked just fine .
Step by step
Okay , so let ’s talk about how a batch of soap is actually made .
One : Pour four cups of cold water into a large glass or plastic pitcher .
Now slowly add the lye powder , stirring carefully so as not to spill or splash .
( Do not use hot water , as this could cause the lye to bubble up or even explode . )
As the lye dissolves the water will heat up drastically , to around 120° .
It will take about 1 ½ to 2 hours for this mixture to cool down to the temperature range needed for mixing ( anywhere between 79° and 98° works best ) .
If you ’d like to hasten this process you can stand the pitcher in a basin of cool water .
The other approach is to mix the lye water the day before , but then you ’ll have to raise its temperature by standing it in warm water when it comes time to use it .
Two :
Melt the oils / lard on the stove in a stainless steel pan .
Keep the fire low — they only need to melt and if you get them too warm , then you have to cool them off again .
It ’s easiest if you heat them just enough to melt them .
Remember , the range we ’re looking for is between 79° and 98° F .
The old - fashioned way to mold soap was to use a wooden box lined with an old towel that had been wetted .
Three :
When the lye and lard have reached the correct temperatures slowly pour the lye water into the lard / oils , stirring constantly and steadily .
The mixture will turn an opaque peachy colour .
Keep stirring until it begins to trace .
Tracing occurs when a bit of the mixture drizzled off the spoon leaves a trace or track on the top of the mixture in the pot , rather like honey does .
This step could take up to an hour to occur .
But it could also happen as quickly as 10 minutes , but in my experience an hour is more likely .
Do n’t be discouraged if you never do see tracing ; I ’ve had many , many batches that never traced at all as far as I could tell and they still turned out fine .
When you get tired of stirring and it still has n’t traced leave it alone for up to a half an hour and then come back and stir some more .
If it still has n’t traced in a couple of hours , but it is showing signs of beginning to thicken , go ahead and stir in the essential oils and then pour it into the mold .
It will probably be fine .
Four :
Cover the mold with the plywood or cardboard and then cover the whole thing in a big blanket ( wool works best ) and let it sit for 24 hours .
Be sure to keep it level while covering it and while it sits or you ’ll end up with thicker bars at one end of your mold .
After the 24 hours are up , unwrap it , put on your rubber gloves , and cut it into bars .
Set the bars somewhere clean to dry and cure .
They ’ll need to sit for about two months so find a place where they ’ll stay clean , warm , and dry .
I use an old screen , covered with a piece of muslin and set on blocks of wood for airflow .
I turn the bars of soap on edge after a week or so to dry all sides .
Once they ’re thoroughly dry you may notice a light coating of powdery ash on the bars .
This is n’t harmful , but you might like to take a knife and scrape it off so the soap looks nicer .
The longer the bars are stored the harder they become and will therefore last longer when used .
Five :
Store them in a cool , dry place .
As you make more batches , using different scents , you ’ll want to store them in separate boxes so the scents do n’t taint each other .
By now I hope you ’re convince that , with a little common sense and caution , soap making can be easy , fun and highly rewarding .
If you ’d like to do more reading on this subject I would recommend either of these two books : The Soap Book by Sandy Maine ( Interweave Press ) and The Natural Soap Book by Susan Miller Cavitch ( Storey Communications ) .
Soap recipes
Here are two good beginner recipes , one using lard and one using vegetable oils .
As you become more familiar with soap making you can adapt them to your own tastes .
The number of bars and how thick they are will depend on the size of your mold .
Basic lard soap :
13 cups of lard
4 cups of cold water
1 can of Red Devil lye ( 12 oz . )
4 ounces essential oil for scent ( optional )
Basic vegetable oil soap :
3 cups coconut oil
10 cups vegetable shortening
4 cups cold water
1 can of Red Devil lye ( 12 oz . )
4 ounces of essential oil for scent ( optional )
Sources of supplies
Red Devil lye can be found in most grocery stores , in the household cleaner section .
Lard is often with the vegetable oils , as is the solid vegetable shortening ( such as Crisco ) .
Essential oils can be found at health food stores , though to get the quantity needed for these recipes you may wish to order them from a company such as Attar Herbs & Spices located at 21 Playground Road , New Ipswich , New Hampshire 03071 ( 800-541-6900 ) or on the web at attarherbs.com .
Unfortunately , essential oils are quite expensive and Attar ’s minimum order is $ 50.00 , plus shipping and handling .
Soap works just fine without any scent , so if the cost is off - putting , try making your first batches with no scent added .
Here at 2 Wives.com , the vehicle for arriving at a juncture in life where you are standing face to face , talking with the new woman in your relationship is - your first E - Mail reply to her ad !
E - Mail , being a " sort " of letter , requires a few special basic considerations for it to accomplish quickly and accurately it 's purpose of getting you into the coveted relationship , one having two wives .
We all love to get personal e-mail .
Especially so when you are waiting for " Personal Ad " e-mails .
Lightning fast , clear , and immediate food for the soul is available at any moment , 24 hours a day . . . all the time .
Most personal ads do n't get responses though .
Only 15 % get responses , and most of those are single women 's ads .
The skills and abilities of couples seeking and single men seeking must be used to the maximum when writing their ads .
You must have everything going for you that you can .
Here are a few suggestions that will improve your chances of getting e-mail from your ad and responses from ads you have replied to .
The 7 Big DON'Ts !
Before we begin , the following has to be said right up front .
We advise and instruct all Single Women to NEVER REPLY to certain types of messages .
These are 7 big " don'ts " that that you should never do .
When sending a message ( and especially when sending your first message ) to a Single Woman 's Ad ,
Do n't give your telephone number , real address , other web - site address , off - site instant message / chat handle , or ANY EMAIL ADDRESS , until after she has replied to your first message later and has directly ASKED you for it .
The 2 Wives.com message system will automatically give her your passport ( that 's your special username email address @ Pro-Polygamy .
NET ) .
When she replies to your first message to her , she should only be replying to that passport address .
When she sends it to your passport address , it will auto -FORWARD to your regular email address .
THEN , when you reply back to her reply , you may send her future emails from your regular email address .
If she asks you to only re-contact her again only by using her ad's form ( instead of direct email ) , then you must respect her wishes .
She may choose to continue sending more emails back to your passport address instead , but you must not ever push her to to have her email you back at any other address until she says it is ok .
Why is this important ?
It is because you do n't want to tell her you are a fraud .
You see , every single credit card frauder and criminal has tried to get single women to contact them at an off - site email address instead of the passport address .
You care about these women , right ?
You do n't want them to be in danger , right ?
So , obviously , you do n't want them to take the risk of replying to someone who does what credit card frauders and criminals do , right ?
So , for their safety , we always tell single women to NEVER reply to someone whose very first email asks them to contact at some other email address .
So , if you want to show the women you are honest , then do not ask her to contact you at any other address until she is already emailing back to you .
Do n't refer to any woman as simply a " female " - as in , saying , " I am looking for a female . "
What are you , a " Ferengi " on Star Trek , The Next Generation ?
Looking for a female ... are you serious ?
No , do n't ever do it .
It is both insulting and de-humanizing to the very special ladies that they are .
Do n't ask , " Are you still looking ? "
As crazy at is may sound , there are some people who actually think that that useless one - sentence introduction actually works !
Unbelievable .
If you want a reply , do n't do it .
Do n't send non-informative one - liners , such as , " I 'd like to meet you so please write back . "
Why should she ?
She has no idea who you are or what you are about !
Of course , she should NOT reply to that kind of email .
If you want any hope of her replying back , you should write at least 50 words , if not 100 - but not 500 !
Do n't go overboard with too much personal information about yourself either .
Real introductions are made a step at a time .
Give her enough info about yourself so that she can determine if she feels comfortable communicating even more with you further .
If you give too much , it is overhwhelming , and can even make her think you 're ... weird - too weird for her .
Do n't use a one - liner asking her to visit your Ad without also cut&pasting the URL to your Ad into your message .
Sometimes , people still think that the one - line first - contact message to a woman can still get a reply as long as they are asking her to see their Ad .
While doing that is still not advisable , it is made worse by not even telling her where she may be able to see your Ad at 2 Wives.com !
Yes , it is good form for you to ask her to see your Ad - especially if you ordered a PIC of yourself for her to see too .
But if you do n't tell her how she can find your Ad , then she can't find it .
So , if you do not give her the URL for your Ad , then not only is the one - liner a reason for her to not reply , but the fact that she could not even find your
Ad is even more reason for her to not reply back to you .
Do n't " creep " her out .
When she reads that first email from you , neither of you know each other .
So , do not profess foolishness like saying " you love her " or other lunatic suggestions .
Not only will a single woman NOT reply , but if you genuinely " creep " her out with those kinds of things , it could even lead to your being banned from 2 Wives.com .
A mistake is one thing , but wacky " creepy " will not be acceptable at 2 Wives.com .
The Single Women are protected here at 2 Wives.com , so just do n't be " creepy . "
No problem .
There .
We did it .
Now that has been quickly explained up front , let 's get into more details of Do's and Don'ts to help you succeed !
Now , on to the rest ...
Sign your name in a reply .
Use your names in ads .
If you do n't want to use your common name , use a nick name , but use a name .
Most of the ads on 2 Wives.com will likely not have the person 's name in them .
These ads receive about 1 / 2 the replies of ads with the person 's name in them .
Most responses to ads from men , do not have their name in the letter .
Absolutely amazing .
If you are like us , we just do not answer letters without the name of the person who wrote the letter .
If we do , we start it with , " Dear what ever your name is , . . . "
So what is it that would make a person leave out such an important item { their name} in such a critical document , as a reply to their potential new partner for life ?
Seems odd , does n't it ?
What is their fear ?
What do they have to fear that is worth putting their chances for meeting someone in jeopardy ?
What 's the worst thing that could happen , if they used their name in an e-mail ?
Would you reply to a person who is obviously suffering with fear ?
Would this person make a good partner for the rest of your life ?
Use your name in all correspondence and ads or you are dead in the water right from the " get go . "
A person displaying fear will never make it in the world of 2 wives .
They will eat you alive and spit out the bones .
Responses to ads that say absolutely nothing : Believe it or not , these responses are quite common ; " hi you sound kute right me . "
Bordering on being a nuisance , they actually request the person with the ad to dream up something to write back .
Reading this kind of " gibber , " persons with ads , take these replies and toss them into the fire .
When replying to an ad , if you really want to have an e-mail conversation with the person , always follow the " 5 W's " rule , along with your name , of course .
The 5 w's are , who , what , when , where , and why or how .
For example : " Hello ad # 967 , My name is " Sparkie " , I am a thoughtful person .
. . , My interest in having another wife is .
. . . , I live in .
. . , Because I am interested in cooking .
. . , I see in your ad that you . . . . ,
Well , I really would like you to write me and I will send you a picture .
. . , Sincerely yours , Sparkie . "
Sparkie 's letter would not go into the fire and the person with the ad would feel at ease , and hopefully write back to , " Sparkie . "
We are not kidding here .
Do not bother single women with replies that say nothing more than , " I am a male , I am tall , and I would like you to write me . "
Bothering single women makes them drop their ads .
Thoughtless letters forwarded to single women will ruin our credibility .
For everyone 's sakes , we only want replies that have some substance for the single woman to consider .
It is so simple to use the 5 " W's " gentlemen .
Although this is a woman 's site for women , men use the site 4 times more than women , and that is just how it is .
We strongly recommend the following . "
The idea is that the woman or women in your life may offer you a new partner rather than you , the man , offering the woman a new partner .
" Ads written by the wife , seeking another wife for her husband , receive the most couple 's responses and have tremendous success .
Ads with pictures of the husband and not the wife hardly ever receive a response .
Also , we have a file of pictures consisting of nude pictures of mostly men that were sent to women 's ads .
These presentations of one 's self are not appreciated by the women with ads .
These kinds of pictures usually are a turn off in many ways .
For couples , the women need to meet the woman first .
The women need to write the ad .
Women can tell if a man or woman wrote the ad .
Women write welcoming ads .
.. men tend to write " boring , oh yea , my wife is all for this idea " ads , me , me , me .
If you think about it , the man has absolutely nothing to do with the " initial " meeting .
He actually gets in the way .
Just some food for thought here men .
Listen to your woman / women .
Ask a woman to write the ad. . .
Just to back this suggestion up , here is a quote we received : " Thanks for the wonderful service you are providing .
I re-read your " do 's and don'ts " and absolutely agree about the part where you advise the men to basically bug out .
I tried communicating directly ( along with my wife ) and not only was n't it effective , it was very stressful for me !
My Wife , on the other hand , has handled it very well .
So the lesson to me is clear : bug out , let the wife handle it !
Just like you said !
Duh !
I 'm glad I discovered this right at the outset so I can spare myself a lot of grief later on . "
Of course , we expect you to write what ever you think best for your ad .
Truthfully , we have seen no common denominator with respect to the wording in ads .
You can never figure an ad .
We get ads that we all agree will never get a response and sure enough , a week later , that ad does indeed receive a response .
Amazing .
We have noted one bit of information that is offered in ads that seems to cut a person 's responses to Zero .
Body parts requirements , for example , large bosom , wide thighs , blond hair , etc .
And , any bi-sexual announcements are completely unnecessary and really narrow your e-mail correspondence .
The time to expose your body parts and physical plans is in your personal mails to a person that writes you .
Think about it .
Meet the person first , then , when they ask , tell them of your interest .
What is your profit to go about an international arena , ( 2Wives.com ) shouting that you like sex .
Everybody likes sex .
Would n't it be more time constructive to go along the internet highways of the world and shout that you are , for example , " kind . "
Or considerate .
Or loyal .
Or trustworthy .
Or brave .
Or reverent .
Or , I am just a great person to know !
Save the sex for your personal conversations .
Weigh the profit of announcing in an ad that you like sex .
Just a tip . . .
Do n't mail letters to a polygamy site from the computer at your work place .
You will be caught .
We receive many letters asking us to not send mail to the address in their e-mail " Header . "
Eventually , we will ( by mistake , sorry ) or even worse , automatic mailers always send mail to the return address in the e-mail 's Header Information .
We receive mail from irate people telling us that they know who wrote the letter to us from their machine and if we ever write to their address again we will meet their attorney and will have very bad luck soon .
Not nice to do to us or yourself .
If you must use the machine at work , learn how to change the " Mail and News " preferences .
Mail and News preferences are located in the top bar on your browser under the " Options " button .
Use your , for example , " HotMail.com " account or one of the thousands of other free e-mail services as your return address .
Do n't forget to change the preferences back to exactly like they were before or .
. . you 're busted .
Oh , and do not write responses in all capital letters .
It " screams " at the reader .
You can always tell its a male letter if it screams at you .
. .
Do not " Spam " ads .
. . . . people with ads know when you are sending a form letter and will toss it .
( They especially do not want to hear any commcerical advertisements or anything other than their intended audience to write to them . )
This is a " personals " site , so make every email personal .
If you are writing to all the single women 's ads , which is just fine , at least make sure to personalize and individualize each and every message .
Do not send a " one-message - copied -to- all-ads . "
Single women will recognize that and run as far away from it as they can .
Also , make sure that you actually say something to let the single woman know something about you .
Do not send a two - line email that says something like , " Saw your ad .
Write me back . "
When a single women gets that kind of ad , she thinks , " You did n't even give me a reason why I would want to reply ! "
Responding to an ad requires you to address the person you are writing as a real person to or they will not feel any connection .
Otherwise , you will be sending a dead letter that will make the person receiving it , read your reply with a rolling eye and a mumbling of , " Oh brother .
. . another form letter .
. . yuck . "
Do not try to bypass the system - very devastating to your results .
It 's the fastest way to tell a single woman to not trust you .
If you show her that you are trying to sneak around or bypass the 2 Wives.com system , you show her that you are " sneaky . "
She will run from you as fast as she can - and she should !
So , when sending replies to single women 's ads , do not send any email address but your new Member 's email address @ Pro-Polygamy .
NET .
If a single woman replies to your email to her , she should only be sending that email to that special address .
( If you develop a relationship later , then that is when you can exchange other email addresses , but not until then . )
We advise women to fully ignore all emails that come to them asking them to reply back to some email address other than that Member 's user address @ Pro-Polygamy .
NET .
Also , do not join as a new 2 Wives.com Member , to send off a quick letter to all the single - women 's ads , and then promptly quit .
Not only will that reduce the amount of replies back you might get , but it also will tell the single women that you were not really serious about your search .
Think about it .
Do you realize what that says to a single woman ?
It screams , " I am so cheap and am so not - serious about searching for a special woman , that I expect results immediately and I do not care about anything but myself .
If I ever marry a second wife , I do n't care about sites like 2 Wives.com working to support my polygamy rights . "
If you could so openly tell her that , it also tells her that you wuld treat her that way too .
So , do n't do it !
Let her know you really are serious and " in it for the long - term . "
In all stories of life , the self - only and short - term - thinking men never " get the girl " anyway .
Here 's a tip ...
There 's a reason why we also have polygamous families who remain current 2 Wives.com Members even through they already have more than wife !
Something to think about !
" One last bit of information . "
Here is a copy of our " open letter " to single women who place an ad here at 2 Wives.com .
This letter will give you some insight into what the single women are prepared for .
In the past years , we have found that single women tell us everything if there is any foolishness from those replying to their ad .
Here is the letter :
Hello " Single Woman " ,
Thank you so much for trusting us and placing your ad here at 2 Wives.com .
We will do our best to find you the right people .
( or , thank you for using our services and we forwarded your ad reply )
Because you are a single woman , be sure to keep us informed of what is going on with the replies you receive from your ad ( or replies you send ) here .
These are seasoned , experienced people that use this site .
Extremely serious about their search .
We are your " sounding board " for decisions you make .
Always use us . . .
Use us so that you do n't find yourself being used .
We do insist on the very best for you , " Single Woman " .
We will only place your ad in the members segment only and see what happens .
You will receive lots of mail .
Be sure to write each one back and just say , " Thank you for writing , but I am looking for a different set of circumstances .
Thank you . "
Folks appreciate at least some acknowledgement .
. . just like you do .
Keep one fact in mind - always .
You have the power here .
Single women place an ad and are so afraid that no one will write them .
They feel they are ugly .
They are afraid they wo n't find a relationship .
Nonsense .
You have the power here .
. .relax and smell the roses .
Negative thoughts or perceptions about yourself are as far from the truth as possible around here .
Folks will break a leg writing you .
You are the elusive sisterwife .
So rare in our society .
You will receive tons of offers for being " wined and dined " .
They will offer you their home , living and school support , a new car .
It goes on and on .
My point is , take your time .
Do not feel that you are the " underdog " .
They are frantic .
You do n't need to be because you have the power here .
We at 2 Wives.com take very seriously your well being through this search you have started .
Our site is a trusted site for women .
Not perfect , but better than almost all other " personals " sites .
We watch what is going on with regards to this " Personals " site .
We have found that replies you receive from the husband , rather than from the wife , are to be " listened " to closely .
We stress that the wife write to and find her sisterwife , not the husband .
This works better than the husband writing you and then saying to his wife , " I found this other woman I want to have a marriage relationship with . "
Very rude for him to do to you and his wife .
Watch out for this one .
" Run for your life " if you find yourself talking with the husband and not his wife .
Something is very wrong with this picture .
Here are some ideas for your handling this dilemma of lots of reply mails .
And , of course , you can alter , change , or add to our ideas all you want .
Keep in mind that you can do everything possible to be honest and sincere .
Everything . . . and the relationship you decide on can still sink , 2 days into it .
There are no clear answers .
Thus , our pounding the point , do n't hurry , take your time .
Take your time .
Take your time .
You have nothing to loose with , " Taking your Time . "
1 ) People appreciate your honesty in telling and sending them a " Yes or No " return letter .
( This will make handling your mail much easier . )
Do not be concerned about who you will hurt and who you wo n't .
They appreciate that you are trying to embark on an important life long mission .
You have to " nip this in the bud " now or possibly forever suffer the consequences .
Consequences for you and for the persons whom you were " nice " to and in the long run , harmed their lives along with devastating yours .
You do n't want to hurt others ; you are not in that position .
You are in the position of presenting the best opportunity to a couple that they will have in their entire life .
. . and yours too .
It 's magical in some ways .
2) Be up - front .
Tell those you are writing that you are going to work with 20 ( for example ) families at the same time and probably take a year to make a choice .
Anyone who is on a different time schedule can opt to - butt out .
Several will do just that , saying - no way .
( Just some more examples )
3 ) Write many letters to those you think might work out .
This process will bring about more people who it wo n't work out with and closer to those who it will work out with .
If you see it wo n't work out , that is good .
Why try a relationship that wo n't work .
Finding out ahead of time is good , not bad .
If you can see it wo n't work , just say that your feelings say , " it wo n't work " .
4 ) And , we are sorry to say this .
Exchange pictures .
Sometimes this will " weed out " some people .
We know that looks are a small part of a relationship : but , on initial beginnings , you can rule out certain folks .
That 's life .
. . if the chemistry does n't work , it just , " is n't going to fly . "
5 ) Phone calls .
. .on their nickel , unless you are well to do .
This is an excellent way to eliminate some of the candidates .
Do -not - make - any - plans -to
meet - up - with - folks .
We have seen several disasters in this department .
Always tell us of potential meetings .
We will advise .
You , of course , are free to do as you please ; but , as we said , we have watched some real disasters unfold at this juncture .
We would be glad to give you our set of danger signs .
6 ) Your state of mind .
. . there is no need for speed .
Take your time .
Stop ! , and plan on a time schedule .
Make your mind up that you are going to take a year to make a move ( or 3 months maybe ) .
( We use a year as an example because of the time other single women , with ads , have taken . . . 2 weeks or 1 month , and their relationships have failed quickly . )
Failure and pain for all - including us .
We care for you and watch your search .
We want the very best for you .
We hate it when you are used , abused , and thrown out in one of these premature meeting deals .
. .
7 ) Be honest here .
Honesty will cut through this situation like a hot knife through soft butter .
Take your time , lots of time , be honest with yourself and others , and lastly , make your final decision based on how the people you are considering will address your entire personal needs .
Social , physical , mental , spiritual , and .
. . your children 's needs .
Wisdom is your counselor here .
8 ) Pray .
Ask God to change persons minds so they create a safe place for you .
Pray for the wisdom to contribute more than you thought possible to this search .
Prayer is your " flashlight " for those dark places you will find yourself in now and then on relationship seeking terrain .
Ok , there you are .
Some tips that will definitely lessen your load and give you the " time " to deal with " all your responses . "
Plus , keep a check on the momentum created when you first decide to " search " for your relationship .
Deep waters .
. . do not let your dreams sink .
We insist on the very best for you , ( Single Woman ) .
Write back and keep asking us questions .
We like to be of assistance to you .
We really care and it is a pleasure to meet you here on the internet highway .
See you later our friend .
[ END of LETTER ]
As you can see , we really slow them down .
Good for you .
. . and , good for them .
You folks writing replies - take your time too .
Just a tip . . .
Cambridge University researchers have discovered that whether someone is a ' people - person ' may depend on the structure of their brain : the greater the concentration of brain tissue in certain parts of the brain , the more likely they are to be a warm , sentimental person .
Why is it that some of us really enjoy the company of others while some people are detached and independent ?
In an effort to explore these questions , Maël Lebreton and colleagues from the Cambridge Department of Psychiatry , in collaboration with Oulu University , Finland , examined the relationship between personality and brain structure in 41 male volunteers .
The volunteers underwent a brain scan using Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI ) .
They also completed a questionnaire that asked them to rate themselves on items such as ' I make a warm personal connection with most people ' , or ' I like to please other people as much as I can ' .
The answers to the questionnaire provide an overall measure of emotional warmth and sociability called social reward dependence .
The researchers then analysed the relationship between social reward dependence and the concentration of grey matter ( brain - cell containing tissue ) in different brain regions .
They found that the greater the concentration of tissue in the orbitofrontal cortex ( the outer strip of the brain just above the eyes ) , and in the ventral striatum ( a deep structure in the centre of the brain ) , the higher they tended to score on the social reward dependence measure .
The research is published in the European Journal of Neuroscience .
Dr Graham Murray , who is funded by the Medical Research Council and who led the research , said : " Sociability and emotional warmth are very complex features of our personality .
This research helps us understand at a biological level why people differ in the degrees to which we express those traits . "
But he cautioned , " As this research is only correlational and cross-sectional , it cannot prove that brain structure determines personality .
It could even be that your personality , through experience , helps in part to determine your brain structure . "
Interestingly , the orbitofrontal cortex and ventral striatum have previously been shown to be important for the brain 's processing of much simpler rewards like sweet tastes or sexual stimuli .
Dr Murray explained : " It 's interesting that the degree to which we find social interaction rewarding relates to the structure of our brains in regions that are important for very simple biological drives such as food , sweet liquids and sex .
Perhaps this gives us a clue to how complex features like sentimentality and affection evolved from structures that in lower animals originally were only important for basic biological survival processes . "
The research could also lead to new insights into psychiatric disorders where difficulties in social interaction are prominent , such as autism or schizophrenia .
" Patients with certain psychiatric conditions often experience difficulties in feeling emotional closeness , and this can have a big impact on their life .
It could be that the cause of these difficulties is at least partly due to brain structural features of those disorders , " said Dr Murray .
###
For additional information please contact :
Genevieve Maul , Office of Communications , University of Cambridge
Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 1223 332300 , +44 ( 0 ) 1223 765542
Mob : +44 ( 0 ) 7774 017464
Email : Genevieve.maul@admin.cam.ac.uk
Notes to editors :
1 . The paper ' The brain structural disposition to social interaction ' will be published in the 20 May 2009 edition of the European Journal of Neuroscience .
2. The Medical Research Council is dedicated to improving human health through excellent science .
It invests on behalf of the UK taxpayer .
Its work ranges from molecular level science to public health research , carried out in universities , hospitals and a network of its own units and institutes .
The MRC liaises with the Health Departments , the National Health Service and industry to take account of the public 's needs .
The results have led to some of the most significant discoveries in medical science and benefited the health and wealth of millions of people in the UK and around the world .
www.mrc.ac.uk
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives will seek passage in coming weeks of $ 94.2 billion in emergency money for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and other programs , including $ 2 billion more to prepare for an influenza pandemic .
House Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey , outlining the legislation for reporters , also said the legislation would include $ 2.2 billion to fund some C - 17 airplanes for the Pentagon .
But it will not address future purchases of a refueling tanker airplane sought by the Air Force .
Obey said $ 80 million to close the U.S. prison in Guantanamo , Cuba , would not be included in the bill because no details were provided by the administration on how that move would be carried out .
Last month , President Barack Obama asked Congress to give him $ 83.4 billion more to pay for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
He is hoping to use the money to begin phasing out combat operations in Iraq while building up U.S. forces in Afghanistan where al Qaeda and Taliban fighters are gaining strength .
The Pentagon wants the U.S. Congress to approve the money promptly , before a congressional recess that is scheduled to start at the end of May .
By GottaLaff
I 'm running off to work , so unfortunately , just a copy / paste :
Yesterday on his radio show , conservative host G. Gordon Liddy continued the right wing ’s all - out assault on Judge Sonia Sotomayor .
First , just like Tom Tancredo , Liddy slammed Sotomayor ’s affiliation with the civil rights group La Raza — and referred to the Spanish language as “ illegal alien “ [... ]
Finished with the race - based attack , Liddy moved on to denigrate Sotomayor ’s gender :
LIDDY : Let ’s hope that the key conferences are n’t when she ’s menstruating or something , or just before she ’s going to menstruate .
That would really be bad .
Lord knows what we would get then .[...]
Finally , Liddy disputed the entire idea that there ’s anything wrong with the paucity of women and total lack of Hispanics on the Court
Are they intentionally trying to implode ?
They 're morphing into nothing more than bigoted , toxic piles of dust .
* Note from Paddy - Yeah , this is the guy whose opinion I care about .
LONDON  Struggling to bridge deep divides over how to revive a paralyzed global economy , the leaders of the world ’s largest economies agreed Thursday to bail out developing countries , stimulate world trade and regulate financial firms more stringently .
But President Obama conceded that there were “ no guarantees ” that those measures would reverse the biggest global downturn in six decades .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown of Britain , host of the Group of 20 summit meeting called to fight the crisis , announced at its conclusion that the leaders had committed to $ 1.1 trillion in new funds that would greatly increase the capital available to the International Monetary Fund .
The goal would be a revival in trade , which is expected to contract this year for the first time in 30 years .
But the combination of loans and guarantees fell short of an injection of fresh fiscal stimuli into the economic bloodstream  the result of a stubborn division between Continental Europe and the United States over whether to act now or wait to see whether existing spending measures took effect .
Moreover , the final accord was far more forceful in addressing the plight of emerging economies that had been sideswiped by the financial crisis than it was in addressing the deep recession in the largest countries where the crisis began .
DUBLIN — Just off a two - lane country road south of Dublin , work has been going on for three years on a magnificent modern development set into a hillside , comprising a hotel , conference center and apartments .
The site , at Kilternan on the Enniskerry Road , also includes Ireland ’s only ( artificial ) ski slope , and was poised to become an Irish version of Davos , the winter sports and conference center in Switzerland .
But today it is fenced off and deserted , apart from a security guard .
It is a white elephant , one of hundreds of developments across the country lying idle as a result of the severe recession .
And that is bad news for a social phenomenon that Ireland was just beginning to enjoy for the first time in its history : the growth of a culture of philanthropy .
Like a number of Irish builders who became multi-millionaires in recent years , the Kilternan developer Hugh O’Regan had made known his ambitions to give away his fortune to do good .
Now his wealth and that of many other members of Ireland ’s rich list has substantially declined .
The extent of over - borrowing by builders was revealed this month when the minister for finance , Brian Lenihan , announced the creation of a " bad bank " — with the Orwellian name of the National Assets Management Agency — to remove between 80 billion and 90 billion euros ( $ 106 billion to $ 119 billion ) of property loans from the balance sheets of the country ’s lending institutions .
“ We had got to the point where 500 million euro was donated to charity each year but now people are beginning to see their wealth disappear , ” said Tina Roche , chief executive of the Community Foundation for Ireland .
“ Over 20 billion euro has been written off in the last two years , so if there are bad assets of 90 billion euro , then Irish people ’s wealth has gone down by 110 billion euro . ”
Even at its peak last year , Ireland was still well behind the United States and 10 years behind the United Kingdom in philanthropic giving , according to Roche , whose foundation holds funds of 25 million euros and makes grants on behalf of donors .
Three years ago , at the height of the boom , the Bank of Ireland reported that Irish citizens were the second wealthiest in Europe , with an average net worth of $ 268,000 .
That was when the debate on philanthropy got going .
Trinity College Dublin launched Ireland 's first course dedicated to fundraising and philanthropy studies , in partnership with the Center on Philanthropy at Indiana University .
Since 2007 , the Community Foundation for Ireland has given an annual award to the Irish philanthropist of the year .
Big - time giving , long a feature of the United States , is relatively new in Ireland .
Irish people are known for responding generously to disaster appeals , but most of the new rich felt entitled to enjoy their wealth to the fullest .
A survey of advisers to the wealthy in 2008 found that fewer than 5 percent of their clients engaged in philanthropy and most had left less than 10,000 euros to charity in their wills .
There was no giving tradition for them to follow .
Before the Celtic Tiger economy , the government and the Catholic Church were expected to fund education and social services .
With one or two exceptions , no one made big private donations until Irish - American philanthropist Chuck Feeney began funding Irish universities in the late 1980s .
To date the former duty - free tycoon , who transferred his entire wealth to his foundation , Atlantic Philanthropies , has donated more than $ 1 billion to good causes on the island .
Feeney ’s giving - while - living philosophy did help inspire some of the new Irish rich to think about distributing their wealth in their lifetime .
Declan Ryan , son of the late Tony Ryan , co-founder of Ryanair , created a foundation named
One after the U2 song of that name , with the line , “ We ’ve got to carry each other . ”
Ryan has donated 27 million euros in five years to projects in Ireland and Vietnam , and intends , like Feeney , to give all his foundation ’s assets to good causes in the next 10 years .
Other philanthropists — such as property developer Niall Mellon , who in 2002 used his own money to start building houses in South African townships with the financial and physical help of hundreds of Irish volunteers — have been held up as role models for the wealthy .
But many of the new rich are n’t around anymore and the need for charity is growing .
The turnaround has caused private funds for thousands of community organizations tackling issues from autism to youth problems to dry up .
“ We were getting applications for 6 euro for every one we had , ” Roche said .
“ Now we are getting applications for 10 euro for every one . ”
Philanthropy was just getting going , she added .
“ Now it has been knocked on its ass . ”
Editor 's note : Conor O'Clery was a member of the judging panel for Irish Philanthropist of the Year in 2007 and 2008 .
He is the author of a biography of Chuck Feeney , " The Billionaire Who Was n’t . "
More on how the economic crisis has affected Ireland :
Erin goin ' nowhere
Irish bargain - hunting
Waterford can't hang on
An anonymous reader writes with a report about programs revealed in the Department of Justice 's 2010 budget request , which includes $ 233.9 million in funding for an " Advanced Electronic Surveillance " project , and $ 97.6 million to establish the Biometric Technology Center .
The surveillance project is designed to help the FBI " deal with changing technology and ways to intercept phone calls such as those used by VOIP phones or technology such as Skype .
The program is also conducting research on ways to conduct automated analysis to look for links between subjects of surveillance and other investigative suspects . "
The Center for Democracy and Technology 's Jim Dempsey warns , " It is appropriate for the FBI to develop more and more powerful interception tools , but the privacy laws that are supposed to guide and limit the use of those tools have not kept pace . "
The biometrics plan lays groundwork for a " vast database of personal data including fingerprints , iris scans and DNA which the FBI calls the Next Generation Identification , " a system we have discussed in the past .
RICHMOND , Va. , May 18 ( UPI ) --
Some people recently laid - off from religious institutions in Virginia said they were shocked to find the state does not offer them unemployment benefits .
Carol Bronson , who was laid off from her secretarial job at Temple Emanuel synagogue in Virginia Beach , said she was told her unemployment claim was denied because the tax exemptions for religious organizations under Virginia law include an exemption from paying unemployment taxes , The ( Norfolk ) Virginian - Pilot reported Monday .
Advertisement
" I had no idea that there would not be any benefits for me after leaving my job , " she said .
Rabbi Howard Mandell of Temple Emanuel said the synagogue was unaware of the Virginia tax law at the time of the layoff .
Jane Dembert , who worked for 17 years at the Christ and St. Luke 's Episcopal Church in Norfolk , most recently as director of communications , said she was also surprised to have her unemployment claim denied after she was laid - off earlier this year .
Coleman Walsh , chief administrative law judge with the state employment commission , said most people he has spoken to were unaware that faith - based groups are exempt from unemployment taxes .
The Catholic Diocese of Richmond has a voluntary self - insurance arrangement with the state that allows laid - off workers to file for unemployment .
If the claim is accepted , the state bills the diocese for the amount of the benefits collected by the recipient .
The first phase of the Pentagon 's plan to regrow soldiers ' limbs is complete ; scientists managed to turn human skin into the equivalent of a blastema — a mass of undifferentiated cells that can develop into new body parts .
Now , researchers are on to phase two : turning that cellular glop into a square inch of honest - to - goodness muscle tissue .
Cellthera Inc. and the Worcester Polytechnic Institute ( WPI ) just got a one - year , $ 570,000 grant from Darpa , the Pentagon 's blue - sky research arm , to grow the new tissues .
" The goal is to genuinely replace a muscle that 's lost , " biotechnology professor Raymond Page tells Danger Room .
" I appreciate that 's a very aggressive goal . "
And it 's only one part in a larger , even more ambitious Darpa program , Restorative Injury Repair , that aims to " fully restore the function of complex tissue ( muscle , nerves , skin , etc . )
after traumatic injury on the battlefield . "
Muscles are , of course , famous for their ability to regenerate ; they 're broken down and rebuilt with every gym workout .
But when too much of a muscle is lost — either from injury or illness — " instead of the regenerative response , you get scarring , " Page says .
He 's hoping to get a different result , by carefully growing fresh muscle , outside the body .
Step one will be trying to get those undifferentiated cells to turn into something like muscle cells .
That means making sure the cells have myosin and actin — two proteins that are key to forming the cellular cytoskeleton , and to building muscle filaments .
Then , Page and his team will try to get those cells to form around a scaffolding of tiny threads , made of biomaterial .
Exactly what will be in thread , Page is n't quite sure — maybe collagens , maybe fibrinogens .
It 's one of many mysteries to unravel , as his team tries to grow body parts from scratch .
Photo : UCI Regeneration Lab
While browsing the web , yesterday , I viewed the Arab Times online site and came across several news articles about the rape and abuse of maids in Kuwait .
I was surprised at the cluster of cases so I searched the web for more information and was nearly knocked off my chair when I realized the enormous extent of the huge numbers of foreign maids suffering abuse at the hands of their Middle East " sponsors " .
To use the term " maid " is a misnomer - these women ( and boys ) are nothing more than modern day SLAVES .
Slaves to be abused , raped , tortured , maimed , and killed .
Many of these maids come into the Middle East ( particularly Kuwait , Saudi Arabia , Jordan and Lebanon ) from Indonesia , the Phillipines , Sri Lanka and Ethiopia - smaller numbers come from India and Bangladesh .
Saudi Arabia has the largest number of these imported domestics estimated at 200,000 in 2004 .
These maids are seen as inferiors to their Middle Eastern masters and many countries do not even recognize them as being covered by labor laws - including minimum wage :
" The plight of domestic workers in Lebanon rose to the spotlight during the summer of 2006 , when Israel launched a thirty - four - day military offensive on Lebanon .
In Arabic , the term " Abed " is used to denote a " black " person or " slave " and the word is sometimes heard in reference to Africans or Sri Lankans .
Non-Arab Afro-Asian migrants in Lebanon are physically looked upon as inferior due to their positions as servants .
These workers remain excluded under Article 6 of Lebanese labour laws and are often victims of abuse by both employers and agencies . "
LINK
The vast majority of these women are seeking an opportunity to earn money and send remittances back to their families -
" ....... Phillipines , where the economy relies heavily on remittances from nearly eight million Filipinos working overseas .
Of that eight million , about 73,000 work in Kuwait .
Some 60,000 are women employed mainly as maids and earning less than $ 200 a month on average , labor groups say .
Some of these woman do quickly realize the danger and manage to escape in a few days .
But , many of the remaining " servants " are left in a living nightmare .
Here are some of the sickening stories of abuse , etc that I came across with a quick net search :
Saudi employer accused of Ramadan abuse on Indonesian maid - burned her with hot iron and lye , forced to eat feces , smashed her teeth and jammed broken teeth down her throat
Is it any wonder many of these maids choose to run away ? -
" In what can be termed a modern - day slave trade , Sri Lankan women arrive in Lebanon only to find themselves abused , imprisoned , raped , hungry , defenseless and alone .
Siriani P. , 27 , came to Beirut in a desperate attempt to save her family from a life of poverty .
Just ten months later , however , she grabbed the first opportunity to run away from her employers .
LINK
Unfortunately , more often than not , this often makes these women more vulnerable to predators and they soon find their hoped for emancipation leads them directly into prostitution .
It is interesting that instead of seeing the hundreds of women / maids who flee their sponsor 's home as a reason to investigate and reflect upon the domestics plight and their widespread abuse - this " maid flight " is seen as an irritation and enormous inconvenience for their muslim employers :
" Families in Jeddah and Riyadh live in constant fear of maids running away .
Maids are sometimes like a rope that we place around our necks with them in control . "
LINK
More from Saudi Arabia :
" About 20,000 runaway housemaids from Indonesia , the Philippines and Sri Lanka have escaped from their employers for alleged abuse and maltreatment .
But the real story is not the above quote - but the POLICE spokesman who proceeds into a major WHINE complaining the abused , runaway maids cost their employers and the Kingdom money .
The shame of modern day slavery is not exclusive to the muslim countries as it appears that muslims are bringing their maid slavery behaviors into " multicultural " Western countries - a few examples :
So what is the solution to such a far reaching travesty of humanity ?
Stopping women from going to the Middle East to be maids ?
Concern ?
Writing story books ?
Ad campaigns ?
Better yet -
How about swift arrest and LONG term jail sentences for those who abuse / rape etc these ( or any ) women :
The above USA trial resulted in the conviction of Homaidan al - Turki .
This conviction , in turn , brought seething protests from muslims that al - Turki was " framed " and accusations of " Islamophobia " against the United States judiciary / prosecution .
The Saudi press claimed he would never have been convicted in Saudi Arabia .
LINK
The Saudi press is right .
That is the sad and unfortunate reality for the thousands of women living as maids in the Middle East .
Abusive employers receive NO punishment --- whereas a beaten , gangrenous , hospitalized maid --- who reports torture at the hands of her muslim employer - will get the Islamic Court ordered 79 lashes for her complaints along with a continued life of abuse or even death .
Incident On School Bus Exemplifies Dangers Of Using Police In Schools
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
SOUTHAVEN , MS – The American Civil Liberties Union and the ACLU of Mississippi today filed a federal civil rights lawsuit charging Southaven , Mississippi police and DeSoto County school officials with assaulting and racially discriminating against a group of schoolchildren riding home on a school bus .
In an egregious example of excessive and unwarranted use of force by police against students in a school setting , Southaven , Mississippi Police Sergeant Tomas Aguilar and Officer Lee Holiday responded to an argument between three students on the bus by arresting a half - dozen black students , choking and tackling a black female student and threatening to shoot the 30 students on the bus between their eyes .
The entire incident was captured on videotape by a surveillance camera on the front of the bus .
The lawsuit , filed in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi on behalf of the six students who were arrested and their parents , names as defendants Aguilar and Holiday , the city of Southaven , Mississippi , the DeSoto County School District and school district bus drivers Mary Robbins and Belinda Heyman .
" This case is a vivid and disturbing illustration of the dangers of relying on police officers to maintain order in public schools , " said Jamie Dycus , an attorney with the ACLU Racial Justice Program .
" No sensible person handles an argument on a school bus by having armed police officers threaten , arrest and assault schoolchildren .
What happened here was not only unlawful , but unconscionable , and those responsible must be held to account . "
On August 12 , 2008 , an argument broke out between three students on a school bus taking DeSoto County Alternative Center students home after school .
Rather than simply attempting to defuse the situation by separating the students , Robbins , who was serving as the bus monitor for the drive home , instead called the police and ordered Heyman , who was driving , to pull the bus over to the side of the road .
When Holiday and Aguilar arrived on the scene , Holiday immediately boarded the bus and verbally accosted the children , threatening to " run all your little asses in . "
Without making any determination as to whether any arrests were warranted , Holiday arrested the two students of color involved in the argument , telling one girl as he handcuffed her that he was going to take her " little ass down to juvenile hall . "
A white student who was equally involved in the argument was never arrested or charged by police , and was never subjected to discipline by the school district .
Several minutes later , after Holiday had pulled the two students he was arresting off the bus and placed them in the back of his patrol car , Aguilar boarded the bus and immediately began taunting the students by screaming , " You think this is funny ? " and " Who wants to try me ? "
Aguilar then arrested three black students who had done nothing more than smile or laugh .
Aguilar then identified a sixth and final black student for arrest , despite the fact she had done nothing against the law .
As she was walking off the bus in accordance with Aguilar 's orders , she said she would be calling her mother .
Aguilar responded by grabbing her by the neck , flinging her down into an empty bus seat and using the weight of his body to subdue her by landing forcibly on top of her .
Aguilar then screamed into her face , " You do n't talk to me like that !
You do n't talk to me like that !
Do you understand ? "
Finally , Aguilar jerked the student to her feet , handcuffed her and took her from the bus .
Aguilar re-boarded the bus several minutes later and continued yelling at the children remaining on the bus , at one point screaming with his hand resting on the butt of his gun , " Y'all think this is funny ?
Y'all think this is funny ?
Wait until you get a bullet between the eyes . "
In all , six students – all of them students of color - were arrested and ultimately charged with minor offenses like disturbing the peace .
Aguilar is currently employed as a school resource officer at Southaven Middle School .
" The decision by the two school district officials to involve the police in an incident that involved nothing more serious than verbal arguing was irresponsible , and the behavior of the police officers was reprehensible , " said Kristy Bennett , staff attorney with the ACLU of Mississippi .
" There was absolutely no justification for even a single arrest , and there is no doubt that those who were arrested were singled out because of their race .
The actions of the officers caught on video that day are just one more example of the problems our youth are dealing with in the school environment .
The abuse of powers rampant in our schools these days is intolerable . "
A copy of the ACLU 's complaint is available online at : www.aclu.org/crimjustice/juv/39309lgl20090409.html
Additional information about the ACLU Racial Justice Program is available online at : www.aclu.org/racialjustice/index.html
Additional information about the ACLU of Mississippi is available online at : www.aclu-ms.org
The Dark Continent Hitler 's European Holocaust Helpers
The Germans are responsible for the industrial - scale mass murder of 6 million Jews .
But the collusion of other European countries in the Holocaust has received surprisingly little attention until recently .
The trial of John Demjanjuk is set to throw a spotlight on Hitler 's foreign helpers .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
News in Science
Gold nanospheres sear cancer cells
Gold nanospheres that bake tumours to death by attracting the heat of low - powered lasers have been developed by scientists in California .
" You could send a person home , have them shine a laser on the specific part of the body with cancer for a couple weeks , and they could be cured of cancer , " says Professor Jin Zhang of the University of California in Santa Cruz who helped develop the nanoparticles .
To create the gold nanospheres , the scientists started with nanospheres made from cobalt , then replaced the cobalt atoms with gold atoms , using the same process that turns the calcium in dinosaur bones into fossils .
The gold nanospheres are then coated in antibodies that detect , and then latch onto , cancer cells .
Once the nanospheres attach to cancer cells their uniform size of 30 nanometres becomes important in destroying the cancer cells .
Gold nanospheres of that size respond to a narrow range of infrared light by becoming hot .
When the laser is shined onto the skin , the nanospheres heat up to searing temperatures and essentially bake the cancer cells to death .
If the gold nanospheres had different sizes , they would respond to different wavelengths of light .
To compensate , scientists would have to either add a step to sort the nanospheres by size or inject more of them into the blood stream .
Fast acting
To test their idea , scientists intravenously injected skin cancer - ridden mice with a solution of the gold nanoparticles .
After four hours the gold nanospheres had used their antibody - antigen to latch onto the harmful cells .
Scientists shined a laser beam onto the mice , killing the cancer cells .
Once the nanoparticles have done their job and destroyed the tumour , the kidneys filter them out of a patient 's body within a few hours , says Professor Shouheng Sun , of Brown University who also studies gold nanoparticles coated with tumour - specific antibodies .
Gold nanoparticles can be seen on an MRI machine and therefore used to locate a tumour .
Sun 's team added iron nanoparticles to their gold units since iron nanoparticles can also carry a chemotherapy drug to the tumour .
The antibody - antigen approach to identifying tumour cells is the most important part of all the research , Sun says .
" Right now the biggest problem is that there is no capability to identify cancer cells , " he says .
" With this new particle we can specifically target the agent for tumour cells , to enhance its therapeutic effects , " while minimising the painful side effects of current chemotherapy for cancer patients .
Mormons believe that only those who accept baptism into Christ 's one true church ( i.e. the Mormon Church ) can enter heaven ( or , as they call it , the Celestial Kingdom ) .
Kind of a bum deal for all those who died before Joseph Smith restored Christ 's one true church .
So , to give those who died their chance to not only live with God but to become a God themselves , Mormons generously try to gather names of dead people and baptism them in their behalf .
Mormons believe that the dead people , who by this time are living in the Spirit World , can then make the choice to accept or reject this baptism .
Because they see necro-baptizing as simply providing someone with a choice , akin to offering a gift that the recipient is free to reject , Mormons by and large fail to see how people could take offense to the necro- baptizing of their deceased relatives .
In the mid 1990s , there was outrage on the part of Jewish descendants of deceased Holocaust victims who had been necro-baptized by the Mormon Church without their family 's approval .
After much negative PR and pressure , the Mormon Church entered into an agreement , the gist of which involved being more sensitive about this issue .
As part of the increased sensitivity , official Church policy now states that Church members should submit the names of their own relatives , and that permission of the closest living relative must be obtained for any baptism that is to be performed for deceased individuals born within the last 95 years .
This begs the question :
As the closest living relative , did President Obama give his permission for the baptism of his mother into the Mormon Church ?
Here 's what he 's said in the past about his mother 's relationship with spirituality and religion .
From Dreams of My Father : " My mother 's confidence in needlepoint virtues depended on a faith I did n't possess ...
In a land [ Indonesia ] where fatalism remained a necessary tool for enduring hardship ... she was a lonely witness for secular humanism , a soldier for New Deal , Peace Corps , position - paper liberalism . "
From The Audacity of Hope : " I was not raised in a religious household ...
My mother 's own experiences ... only reinforced this inherited skepticism .
Her memories of the Christians who populated her youth were not fond ones ...
And yet for all her professed secularism , my mother was in many ways the most spiritually awakened person that I 've ever known . "
And finally , from a speech in 2007 : " My mother , whose parents were nonpracticing Baptists and Methodists , was one of the most spiritual souls I ever knew .
But she had a healthy skepticism of religion as an institution . "
Somehow , I doubt President Obama gave his permission .
And somehow I doubt that his mother 's now a Mormon .
But somehow I do n't doubt that the Mormons will keep on trying to convert everyone in the world , be they alive or be they dead .
Pictured : Stunning images of kingfishers in action
In his enchanting new book , Kingfisher : Tales From The Halcyon River , photographer Charlie Hamilton James tells in words and amazing pictures the story of a year in the life of two pairs as they court , mate , rear chicks and catch prey .
Photographer Charlie Hamilton James has been obsessed with the kingfisher since the age of six .
From a hide attached to the old millworker 's cottage near Bristol where he lives with his wife , TV host Philippa Forrester , he has spent thousands of hours photographing the elusive bird .
JANUARY 9 : I saw the female shine like a blue jewel against the murk
FEBRUARY 29 : Today the female whistles as the male catches a fish .
He leans into her , offering it .
She grabs it , and after a tussle the birds break free
MARCH 23 : Over a few hours , I witness three matings .
The male steadies himself by grabbing the female by her head feathers .
The act can last a minute
APRIL 4 : For almost two hours , males from two territories chase each other up and down the river , sometimes settling on a perch where they lock in strange poses , seemingly in a trance
APRIL 15 : When it dives , the kingfisher flaps its wings a couple of times to gather speed .
Just before entering the water , it tucks in its wings and hits the surface like a dart .
I had to be quick with my trigger finger to catch it on camera .
Air clings to the kingfisher underwater , helping to keep it dry and aiding buoyancy
APRIL 15 : Success !
The male emerges from the water with a fish .
He kills it by bashing it on a branch , swallows it , shakes himself and then turns to hunt again
JULY 19 : The chicks must be growing well - both male and female have been busy flying to and from the nest since first light .
My set - up is fairly elaborate but the kingfishers are being very co-operative , completely ignoring all the kit and flashes
JULY 19 : The chicks must be growing well - both male and female have been busy flying to and from the nest since first light .
My set - up is fairly elaborate but the kingfishers are being very co-operative , completely ignoring all the kit and flashes
JULY 30 : Kingfisher chicks leave the nest at three weeks .
Here , two pester mum for food but she is good at remembering who 's been fed and who has n't JULY 19 :
The male lands at the base of the ash tree , whistles , then flies into the nest .
He comes out , washes and preens for three minutes before flying off
FAREWELL : I 'll never get bored with kingfishers .
I keep saying I 've done them , but I know that come spring I 'll hear whistling and wo n't be able to help myself
Published by Evans Mitchell at £ 25 .
To order a copy for £ 22.50 including p&p call The Mail on Sunday 's Review Bookstore on 0845 155 0713 .
The livers were sliced and fried up with onions , juniper , bay and a little white wine for lunch for the butchers .
We put in some of the cheeks sliced as well , to vary the texture .
The rest of the liver went into a terrine
Photograph : Murdo Macleod
Of all the scientific mysteries , this is probably the greatest one of all – how did life on Earth begin ?
We are not talking about how it evolved into the diversity of lifeforms we see today .
We are talking about how it originated in the first place .
For all his immense insight into evolution , Charles Darwin himself was stumped .
He suggested that whatever the mechanism was that had led to the first replicating lifeforms , it most probably arose in some " warm little pond " , a primordial soup of pre-biotic ingredients where the seed of life first germinated on the early Earth .
Now scientists have developed an experiment demonstrating how the very first self - replicating molecules may have formed about 4 billion years ago when the Earth was like any other lifeless planet that had yet to experience the radical transformation of living , breathing creatures .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
John Sutherland and colleagues at Manchester University have broken new ground by being able to synthesise almost from scratch two of the four building blocks of RNA , the self - replicating molecule that many scientist believe to be the most likely contender for the original molecule of life .
Dr Sutherland believes that he has shown how it was possible to make all the building blocks of RNA from the simple chemicals that would have existed on Earth 4 billion years ago .
" We 've made the building blocks of RNA from what was around on the early Earth and is still around in interstellar space and in the atmosphere of Saturn 's moon Titan , " Dr Sutherland said .
" We have n't yet made the RNA molecule itself but we 've made two of the four sub-units or building blocks .
It suggests that making the molecule is possible .
The building blocks are strung together and doing that is actually easier than making the building blocks themselves , " he said .
RNA is the less familiar cousin of DNA , the genetic blueprint of life .
Like DNA , the RNA molecule can carry and transmit information from one generation to the next .
But unlike DNA , RNA is a relatively simple molecule that many scientists believed could have been quite easy to synthesise in the harsh environment of the early Earth .
The trouble with this idea – which is more than 40 years old – is that no one has been able to join up the three components , the sugars , bases and phosphates that make up each of the four building blocks of RNA , under the sort of conditions that existed 4 billion years ago .
Dr Sutherland , however , has shown in a study published in the journal Nature that this is indeed possible .
" The trouble is , the human eye sees the three components of RNA and so the human brain assumes that to make the molecule you should combine those three components .
People have found that they can make the sugars and the bases but the key thing they can't do is to join them together , " Dr Sutherland said .
" And so for 40 or so years they have worked on the problem and have become so frustrated that they have decided that RNA , although very desirable , is just too complicated and so there must have been a simpler molecule that spawned RNA .
We 've just changed the order of assembly of the pieces , but it 's overcome the dogma that it cannot be done , " he said .
In trying to explain how life began on Earth , scientists have attempted to formulate theories to account for how the first self - replicating molecule came into existence .
One of the earliest theories was the " primordial soup " , where simple molecules mixed together in a broth that was regularly energised by ultraviolet light and electric storms .
Over time , these simple molecules would have combined to form more complex substances containing the all - important atomic ingredients of life – oxygen , carbon , hydrogen and nitrogen .
Although scientists were able to make the building blocks of proteins in this way , they failed to do the same with DNA or RNA .
Scientists first proposed that RNA preceded proteins in the 1960s , but it was not until the 1980s that they received strong support for the idea .
Thomas Cech at the University of Colorado and Sidney Altman at Yale , found that RNA could act as a catalyst by speeding up a chemical reaction and yet being unchanged in the process – a feat normally reserved for enzymes .
This was the first hard evidence that RNA , a molecule that can replicate and store genetic information , could also have triggered the first synthesis of life 's proteins .
Most scientists now believe that there was an " RNA world " early in the Earth 's history from which all present - day life is ultimately descended .
This video is all kinds of weird ...
You heard it on Infendo first !!
The year was 1984 .
While the fascistic regime foretold by Orwell had not yet come to power the nation had been brought to its knees , the victim of repeated playings of Karma Chameleon and Sister Christian .
The country needed something to believe in , something besides aerobics or Emmanuel Lewis ' winning the People 's Choice Award .
And so they came , a ragtag group of heroes in a beat - up pickup , complete with a beat - up gun rack : Jed , Aardvark , Daryl , Arturo and their brave , though prone - to - sniveling compatriot Robert ( played by the prone - to - sniveling C. Thomas Howell . )
The dawn may have been a red one , but they would make sure that when the sun set , it would be red ... white and blue !
Joining Mike for this very special RiffTrax is Joel McHale , the Daryl to Mike 's Arturo , or perhaps the Jed to his Aardvark , or maybe the Aardvark to his Daryl .
The point is , it is the perfect partnership with which to assail the enemies of freedom , i.e. , the makers of Red Dawn !
The Swiss Guard was founded in 1506 by Swiss mercenaries .
Women may be allowed to join the exclusive ranks of the world 's smallest army , the head of the Vatican 's Swiss Guard says .
" I can imagine them for one role or another , " Commander Daniel Anrig told Italian television .
Such a move would represent a significant departure from tradition .
The 500 - year - old force , devoted to protecting the pope , usually recruits only young , single , Roman Catholic soldiers from Switzerland .
Previously logistical problems , such as the cramped living quarters for the forces , had been cited as an obstacle to allowing women to join .
But Commander Anrig said he believed such problems could be overcome .
His predecessors have fiercely opposed such a move .
The comments came on the eve of an annual swearing - in ceremony for new recruits .
The Swiss Guard was founded in 1506 when Swiss mercenaries marched into Rome to serve under Pope Julius II , known as the " warrior pope " .
Ofcom has ruled that the 30 January culinary swearfest Ramsay ’s Great British Nightmare - a two - parter which kicked off at 9 pm - was in breach of the broadcasting code after racking up an impressive " 115 instances of the most offensive language " in its first 40 minutes .
The watchdog received 51 complaints about the programme - which included choice vocab including “ fuck ” , “ fucking ” and “ fucked ” peppered with the occasional " shit " .
One outraged viewer wrote : “ The excessive use of bad language by Gordon Ramsay was just unreal and the abusive way in which he continually used it to speak to others , the use of the ' F ' word once or twice maybe but it 's continued used in almost every sentence was totally unnecessary .
I know it was after 9.00 but there are limits … ”
Ofcom considered whether the programme had breached Rule 2.3 of the Code , which states that offensive content must be justified by context .
Channel 4 stressed that the abuseathon had been preceded by a “ strong language from the start and throughout ” warning which " provides adult viewers with sufficient information to inform their viewing choice and to decide whether to permit any children to watch " .
It further defended that Ramsay ’s Great British Nightmare boasted " unique characteristics which justified the high level of strong language that was included " and that " the use of strong language in this programme accorded with the likely expectations of the audience , was editorially justified , and did not offend the overwhelming majority of viewers . "
In its ruling ( pdf ) , Ofcom notes Channel 4's pre-show warning and accepts that " the vast majority of the audience comes to the programme with certain expectations . "
However , it underlines the sheer weight of bad language in the episode , highlighting a particularly extravagant outburst " at approximately 21:30 " when " a restaurant chef angrily berated his boss shouting the word ' fucking ' at him 30 times in less than two minutes . "
The watchdog continues : " The range of complaints made to Ofcom indicated that a number of regular viewers to the programme were shocked and offended by the combination of the sheer frequency of the offensive language and the way some of it was delivered . "
It concludes that " the scale , frequency and way in which the most offensive language was delivered in the first two parts of this programme , went significantly beyond what could be reasonably anticipated by regular viewers - at this time of the evening – and resulted in a breach of the Code . "
Channel 4 admitted it had " got it wrong " in the programme 's scheduling .
According to the BBC , a spokesman offered : " We respect that , given the strength of language in the first part of this two - hour special , the programme should have been scheduled later than 9 pm . "
Gordon Ramsay also offered his apologies via his spokesman , who said : " Great British Nightmare followed Gordon trying to save two restaurants in the most difficult predicaments .
These extreme challenges gave rise to many heated exchanges in the double - length programme .
" But Gordon had no intention of causing offence and is sorry if Channel 4's scheduling of the programme upset some viewers . " ®
The NYSE report that Zero Hedge discussed shows Goldman Sachs trading over 1 billion shares in the principal program trading category .
What the table does n’t show , but a deeper look at the numbers reveals is that the vast majority of this total is trades by our quantitative trading desk .
This desk is participating in a relatively new NYSE program called Supplemental Liquidity Providers .
The NYSE started the program to attract liquidity to the exchange .
As an SLP , this the desk makes markets in NYSE stocks .
They often do high - frequency trading ( which is simply auto - quote market making ) where they send out hundreds of “ baskets ” of stocks at one time .
Program trading , as defined by the NYSE report is any strategy that sends out a “ basket ” of 15 + stocks at one time .
I am happy to discuss this with you if that description does n’t make sense .
Convene both a physical auction convened by DMMs and a completely automated auction that includes algorithmic quotes from DMMs and other market participants ;
Have the obligation to maintain an orderly market in their stocks , quote at the national best bid or offer a specified percentage of the time , and facilitate price discovery at the open , close and in periods of significant imbalances ;
Provide price improvement and match incoming orders based on a pre-programmed Capital Commitment Schedule , which has been added to the NYSE Display Book , minimizing order latency .
DMMs and their algorithms do not receive a “ look ” at incoming orders .
This ensures that an intermediary does not see orders first , and that DMMs compete as a market participant ;
Are on parity with quotes from floor brokers and those on the Display Book , encouraging DMM participation and higher market quality .
Have parity with DMMs and the NYSE Display Book , no matter whether the Broker ’s order is represented physically or via an algorithm or e-Quote .
That is , they can join the first displayed quote on the Book , and split stock with that order .
Have the ability to route all or part of a customer order to an external algo engine from their handheld order - management device .
These algorithms offer Floor Brokers the ability to provide customers with additional execution capabilities in an environment that offers a balanced combination of technology for fast , automated and anonymous order execution ; and a physical marketplace for discovering block - sized liquidity and improving prices .
Can utilize a technology feature called Block Talk to more efficiently locate deep liquidity .
Block
Talk is designed allow Floor Brokers to broadcast and subscribe to specific stocks they have an interest in , creating an opportunity to trade block - sized liquidity that is not accessible electronically .
Since the messages contain no specific order information , customers benefit from a discovery process in a secure environment free of impact , information leakage or intermediation .
Also have the ability to identify via their hand - held order - management system the last five buyers and sellers in a stock by badge number .
They can message a specific member that they are in touch with the contra side .
This is valuable information for pricing blocks , as it is about real buyers and sellers , not indications of interest .
Have a special feature with their reserve orders : when the displayed amount is exhausted , reserve interest replenishes on parity .
In contrast , the “ upstairs ” reserve order functions as it does in an electronic market : replenishing at the back of the queue .
Are positioned to act on the expanded imbalance and indication information at the open and close of the market .
They can participate as agent , or convey insight into the open or close for customers ’ decision making .
incented to add liquidity
The pilot SLP program rewards aggressive liquidity suppliers , who complement and add competition to existing quote providers .
SLPs are obligated to maintain a bid or offer at the National Best Bid or Offer ( NBBO ) in each assigned security at least 5 percent of the trading day .
The NYSE pays a financial rebate to the SLP when the SLP posts liqui dity in an assigned security that executes against incoming orders .
This generates more quoting activity , leading to tighter spreads and greater liquidity at each price level .
SLPs trade only for their proprietary accounts , not for public customers or on an agency basis .
An NYSE staff committee assigns each SLP a cross section of NYSE - listed securities .
Multiple SLPs may be assigned to each issue .
A member organization cannot act as a Designated Market Maker and SLP in the same security .
SLPs have the same publicly available trading information and market data that all other NYSE customers have available to them .
It is important to note that the SLP rebate is $ 0.0015 , usually less than half of the rebate plain vanilla Designated Market Makers receive , which is between $ 0.0030 and $ 0.0035
and as the NYSE plainly says , a member organization cannot act as a DMM and SLP in the same security .
Obviously based on the rebate structure and the mutual exclus
ion , it would make much more sense to trade as a DMM as opposed to an SLP , not in the least since SLPs ( at least according to currently available information ) are very limited in terms of which securities they can actually trade for supplemental liquidity provision .
Quoting Robert Airo , VP of relationship
management and sales at NYSE Euronext , from late October 2008 :
" We ’re rolling [ the SLP pilot program ] out in the 500 most active names where we believe incenting SLPs by compensating them to provide liquidity will supplement all of the other initiatives that we ’ve put in place to build the NYSE book . "
The SLP program was developed in the days after the Lehman
collapse when market volatility spiked and major questions about liquidity premia emerged , resulting in program roll out on October 29 of 2008 .
The full SEC filing describing the minutae of the program is presented below :
In late November Canaday is quoted as follows
" SLP quoting will provide more liquidity and should make the NYSE more competitive .
We have begun to see significant shifts in terms of the frequency with which the NYSE is at the NBBO , and we expect increases in volume and market share to follow . "
exploded
that number has risen to the low 50 % range over the past 3 months
lowest
is trades by our quantitative trading desk .
Recently , there has been quite a bit of discussion of Goldman Sachs ' principal program trading dominance in the NYSE , culminating with none other than Goldman Sachs themselves providing their perspective on the matter , via spokesman Ed Canaday :
In order to dig deeper into Canaday 's statement , Zero Hedge performed a historical analysis of NYSE Program Trading ( PT ) data ( which is public ) and came up with some curious observations .
But before I get into the results , it makes sense to evaluate the facts behind Goldman 's retort and in order to do that , let 's first observe just what this Supplemental Liquidity Provider program is .
The NYSE 's most recent classification of the three main market participants is as follows Designated Market Makers ( DMMs ) are at the center of the NYSE market and are the only participants in any market who have true accountability for maintaining a fair and orderly market .
DMMs : Brokers on the NYSE Trading Floor leverage their physical point - of sale - presence with information technologies and algorithmic tools to offer customers the benefits of flexibility , judgment , automation and anonymity with minimal market impact .
Trading Floor Brokers :
And most relevantly , Supplemental Liquidity Providers ( SLPs ) are upstairs , electronic , high - volume memberson the NYSE .
With a mere 500 securities to work with , especially being excluded from being a DMM in SLP names , maybe Canaday can explain the economics to GS ' program trading desk from participating in the SLP ?
Another relevant question is just who are the current SLPs ?
It seems the answer is difficult to pin point .
It is known for a fact that Goldman Sachs and Spear , Leeds and Kellogg ( owned by GS ) are currently definitive SLPs , with Knight Trading and Barclays also presumably becoming SLPs as well , but there has been no confirmation either way , potentially implying that Goldman could have a monopoly in liquidity provisioning .
If the program is truly as attractive as GS ' spokesman makes it seem , why are other major equity players not clamoring to participate in it ?
After all , the benefits to SLPs are " obvious .
" Following up on that , has there been an extension of the SLP program recently ?
Zero Hedge has not heard of one .
The SLP , which was approved in late October ( see above ) was su pposed to terminate on April 30 , this last Thursday : " The proposed pilot program will commence on the date upon which the SEC will approve the New Market Model and will continue for six months thereafter ending on April 30 , 2009 . "
If the SLP is now over , should one expect GS 's principal volume trading to drop dramatically , if , as Canaday says , the volume is mostly SLP driven ?
Also , does that mean volatility in the market is about to spike as there are no entities ( well , one entity ) providing NBB and NBOs ?
Indeed , many questions arise when one digs into the nebulous world of NYSE liquidity providers , many more than there are clear cut answers to .
Perhaps it is time for Mr. Canaday to address as many of these questions as possible head on .
Zero Hedge would be happy to provide him with a forum for clarification .
In the meantime , here are the facts , courtesy of the NYSE 's public record keeping system .
The first chart below demonstrates total program trading in the NYSE since mid August , a month before the Lehman bankruptcy .
The black line demonstrates total indicated program trading , which absent volatility , has remained relatively stable , averaging roughly 4 billion shares weekly .
And while most other NYSE member firms have seen their PT volumes stay relatively flat as well , GS has seen a dramatic ramp up , controlling about 15 % of PT in Q3 of 2008 which has risen to almost a quarter of all NYSE PT over the past quarter .
But while total Program Trading includes Principal trading ( i.e. , trading not on behalf of its clients but for its own benefit ; this is the category where SLP would also fall in under NYSE guidelines ) , as well as Facilitation and Agency trades , the big surprise arises when one looks at a historical analysis of merely Principal trading .
The chart below pulls only the Principal trading data for the top 10 NYSE members .
And like before , while the total amount of total Principal trading as a portion of NYSE PT has stayed relatively flat , at about half of total PT volumes , Goldman 's share hasover the past six months : while GS was responsible for around 27 % of Principal NYSE stock trading in Q3 and most of Q4 , The last two charts demonstrate the divergence of Principal trading as a fraction of total PT by any given broker .
It is obvious that while the majority of top NYSE member firms have had Principal trades stay around 40 % of their total PT volume , Goldman has seen its share of Principal trading go from 60 % all the way into 90 % : a vast majority of all its trades are merely for its own benefit ( and potentially as an SLP funnel ) .
And lastly , demonstrating Non-Principal trading indicates , as expected , a trend where GS ' client have taken a progressively smaller relative role as part of its total PT , and currently GS Agency volume as a % of Total PT is theof all top NYSE brokers , with total NYSE Agency volume remaining relatively stable .
So what is really going on here ?
Connecting the dots is difficult with so little freely available information , and the NYSE seems to be keeping mum on disclosing anything above the absolute minimum when it comes to the SLP , and brokers ' participation in it .
My interest was piqued by one of the points Canaday brought up : " What the table does n’t show , but a deeper look at the numbers reveals is that the vast majority of this total " Maybe Canaday can expand on this a little more , as it is public knowledge that recently the heads of GSAM and Goldman Global Alpha left the company : Ray Iwanowski and Mark Carhart , who ran the quant operation , and Giorgio De Santis who ran research , are no longer at the company .
Their departures in themselves are not surprising considering Global Alpha lost over 80 % of assets or roughly $ 10 billion in the course of 2008 ( precipitated by the quant shakeout of August 2007 ) .
But is there something else going on here ?
Their departures occurred at the end of March , just as Goldman 's Principal % of total NYSE trades had peaked at almost 55 % , yet when they departed , this number dropped by a not insignificant 12 % to 43 % , only to rebound promptly thereafter .
Is there more here than meets the eye ?
As regular readers of Zero Hedge know , the topic of market liquidity has been a major one over the past 3 weeks , and I have demonstrated that traditional market neutral , high - frequency quants , aka independent liquidity providers have not only suffered significant P&L losses in April , but have deleveraged to a point where their presence in the market is negligible , resulting in dramatic volatility spikes on low volume .
Could it be that Goldman is singlehandedly benefitting from being the liquidity provider of last resort , even more so as there are virtually no other participants in the SLP program ?
And , as is expected , with a liquidity " monopoly " , come unprecedented opportunities to take advantage of this , depending on one 's view of the market .
Of course , Zero Hedge is not suggesting Goldman has done this , but in a world where so little transparency exists into the core workings of the equity market , which most market traders have been clamoring has a " very fishy feel " about it , with Hard To Borrow notices appearing for such major index hedging securities as the SPY and IWR , it is no wonder that explanations are being sought .
In order to provide some much needed visibility , Zero Hedge , as noted above , is hoping Mr. Canaday will approach Zero Hedge and give a more elaborate explanation of what is really happing , and why GS is dominating NYSE program trading , which lately has become a major percentage of total NYSE volume .
It is easy to see why market participants could be concerned about this particular breed of opacity .
In the meantime , I will continue presenting NYSE program data , as it is everybody 's right to be caught up with all the facts .
Sphere : Related Content
This week , we ’ve been making big claims about big oil .
But if you ’re a skeptic , how do you determine whether we ’re right ?
Here are some tips for becoming a critical reader of online content .
Are you skeptical ?
Photo : cameronparkins
Here are seven ways you can evaluate Matador ’s claims about big oil … and to fact - check online content in general :
1 . Is the author transparent ?
First things first :
Who is the author ?
Does he or she use his or her own name ?
What background or biographical information does the writer give about himself or herself ?
How does this information provide insight into the information and perspective the author presents ?
Sometimes , legitimate reasons exist for an author to obscure his or her identity , but generally , if a writer is n’t attaching his or her name to the writing he or she is publishing , then you have every reason to be skeptical about the claims the writer is making – or , at the very least , the writer ’s motives .
2. Believe but verify .
Even if the writer is transparent , take some extra steps to learn more about the author if you ’re still skeptical about his or her background or motives .
A simple Google search is likely to pull up more background information about the writer … though a caveat is in order here : not everything you read online is true , so you ’ll need to subject the “ facts ” you ’re gathering against other sources of information .
3. Consider the article within its context .
Where is the article published ?
Who ’s behind it ?
What are their stated values ?
If you ca n’t find this information , your skepticism may be in order .
4. Evaluate sources .
Does the author indicate the source of the information he or she is presenting ?
Are those sources primary ?
Does the author link back to those sources ?
In his article about his experiences at the Chevron protest , Matador author Ryan Van Lenning included publicly available source information about Chevron CEO David O’Reilly ’s salary .
You could check that information independently if you had any doubts about its accuracy .
5 . Can the writer spell ?
Can he or she construct intelligible sentences ?
Is the article subjected to any editorial process ?
Almost anyone can post writing online these days .
And almost anyone can say anything .
But a few simple questions will help you screen some of the vetted writing and help you distinguish it from the Internet equivalent of scribbled musings of a raving lunatic .
Is the writing clear and intelligible ?
Has it been subjected to any editorial scrutiny before it reached your computer screen ?
If the answer is no , you ’re right to have some doubts .
6 . Assess the tone .
The articles Matador publishes tend to reflect a particular viewpoint .
My own articles about big oil clearly convey my belief that big oil–Chevron , Shell , and others–are responsible for environmental and human rights abuses … a belief I hold because of my experiences interviewing industry experts and witnessing environmental and human destruction firsthand .
But these articles are also free of hyperdramatic polemics .
If the article you ’re reading is hysterical in its tone , then you ’re right to raise your eyebrows and search for some confirmation of the author ’s claims .
7. Check yourself .
No one is entirely objective .
But if your reaction to an article is unusually strong , check yourself as much as the author and site whose work you ’re reading .
What may be causing you to react so viscerally ?
The answer may be more about your issues than those of the author .
Community Connection :
Talk with us !
How do YOU evaluate what you read on Matador and other online magazines ?
Share your suggestions in the comments !
NEW YORK  Attorneys for Chrysler aid the company will file a motion by Saturday to sell substantially all of its assets to Italian automaker Fiat Group SpA , but that wo n't include eight plants , including five that the automaker revealed it will shutter by the end of next year .
While Chrysler faced its first hearing Friday in Manhattan bankruptcy court , court documents showed the ailing automaker plans to close plants in Michigan , Missouri , Ohio and Wisconsin that employ about 4,800 people .
Chrysler said they will be offered jobs at other plants .
MARKETING FALLOUT : Dodge NASCAR drivers stay hopeful after filing
The company also announced President and Vice Chairman Tom LaSorda is retiring effective immediately .
Judge Arthur Gonzalez approved a series of motions at Friday 's swift hearing , launching a chain of events designed to ensure Chrysler 's bankruptcy process is the quick and " surgical " one the company and the U.S. government have promised .
But what could prove to be the case 's biggest challenge still lies ahead .
Chrysler must eventually deal with creditors who refused to come to a deal that would have erased much of the automaker 's debt and might have avoided a bankruptcy filing in the first place .
Another hearing was scheduled for Monday morning , where Chrysler attorneys will ask Gonzalez to let the company start using $ 4.5 billion in loans from the U.S. and Canadian governments to keep operating under bankruptcy protection .
Chrysler attorney Corinne Ball , of the firm Jones Day , said the loans and the sale to Fiat represent " an important lifeline " for Chrysler 's dealers , supplies and customers .
" We have to move at a good speed throughout this proceeding , " she told Gonzalez .
Gonzalez wasted no time , opening the meeting with just five words : " Please be seated .
Debtor 's counsel ? "
Later , Gonzalez twice cut off an attorney representing Chrysler 's dealers , then said , " I think you 've gotten your point across . "
By the end of the hearing , the judge had decided six motions in about an hour .
Chrysler , the nation 's third - largest car manufacturer , filed for bankruptcy protection Thursday after a group of creditors defied government pressure to wipe out the automaker 's debt .
The company plans to emerge in as little as 30 days as a leaner , more nimble company , with Fiat potentially becoming the majority owner .
In return , the federal government agreed to give Chrysler up to $ 8 billion in additional financing , on top of the $ 4 billion the company already has received .
Ball said that lawyers on Monday would ask to set a date for the first hearing on the sale of Chrysler 's assets to the " new Chrysler . "
In bankruptcy , assets are sold in a two - part process during which the court asks for competing bids .
None are expected in Chrysler 's case , since documents show the company already tried to form alliances with dozens of companies , including Nissan - Renault , Toyota , Honda , Volkswagen and even General Motors .
Heidi Sorvino , bankruptcy partner at Smith , Gambrell & Russell , said a sale could be completed in 30 days to 60 days .
" I think the sale will happen quickly , " she said .
" The actual proceeding is going to take a long time . "
Until the deal with Fiat closes , the automaker plans to idle all of its plants in the U.S. Chrysler 's Canadian assembly plants also halted production Friday because of parts shortages stemming from the U.S. shutdown .
In court documents , Chrysler said it wo n't keep its Sterling Heights , Mich. , plant that makes Chrysler Sebrings and Dodge Avengers , and the Conner Avenue plant in Detroit that makes Dodge Vipers .
The St. Louis North plant that makes Dodge Ram pickups would also close .
Chrysler 's Twinsburg , Ohio , parts stamping plant and Kenosha , Wis. , engine plant will also be shuttered .
Two other plants that will be left out of the Fiat sale are the St. Louis South plant and an assembly plant in Newark , Del. , that were idled last year .
Another plant , Chrysler 's Detroit Axle plant , is already scheduled to be replaced by a new factory near Port Huron , Mich .
The " new Chrysler " would lease the eight plants , then shutter them by December 2010 .
" While some facilities may close , substantially all Chrysler employees will be offered employment with the new company , " Chrysler spokeswoman Dianna Gutierrez said .
" Employees currently located at a facility identified for disposition will be offered a position at one of the facilities sold to the new company . "
At Friday 's hearing , Gonzalez 's large courtroom quickly filled with lawyers and other observers , and two overflow rooms with video and audio feeds were opened to accommodate the crowds .
The hearing was briefly halted after a woman standing in the warm and stuffy courtroom apparently fainted .
Gonzalez approved Chrysler 's motion to allow the automaker to pay $ 48.8 million in employee and contract worker pre-bankruptcy wages , benefits and businesses expenses .
The motion also references an estimated $ 86 million in employee vacation benefits that it may not ultimately have to pay .
The judge also approved Chrysler 's motions that will let it continue to honor its warranties and continue its current banking practices .
It 's uncertain when Gonzalez will face objections from the creditors that hold $ 6.9 billion of the automaker 's debt .
Four banks holding 70 % of the debt agreed to a deal that would give the lenders 29 cents on the dollar .
But a collection of hedge funds refused to budge , saying the deal was unfair because they deserve to recover more than other creditors like the United Auto Workers .
President Barack Obama on Thursday chastised the funds for seeking an " unjustified taxpayer - funded bailout " after Chrysler and his auto task force cleared the company 's other hurdles , including the Fiat deal and a cost - cutting pact that the UAW ratified this week .
Chrysler 's bankruptcy filing is the latest step in a drastic reordering of the American auto industry , which has been crushed by higher fuel prices , the recession and customer tastes that are moving away from the gas - guzzling SUVs that were once big money makers .
The government already has sunk about $ 25 billion in aid into Chrysler and rival General Motors .
GM faces its own day of reckoning on June 1 , a date the administration has set for it to come up with its own restructuring plan .
GM has announced thousands of job cuts , plans to idle factories for weeks this summer and has even offered the federal government a majority stake in the company as it races to meet the deadline .
Like at Chrysler , debt may be the stumbling block .
GM has asked its unsecured bondholders to exchange $ 27 billion of debt for a 10 % stake in the automaker .
The creditors balked , saying that would leave them with just pennies on the dollar and that they deserve a majority stake if they give up their claims .
Contributing : Associated Press writers Stephen Manning in Washington , Tom Krisher and Kimberly S. Johnson in Detroit , and David N. Goodman in Warren , Mich .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Apa Sherpa says that he " climbs Everest for fun "
A Nepalese man - who has been nicknamed Super Sherpa - has broken his own world record , climbing Mount Everest for the 19th time .
Apa Sherpa , 49 , first made it to the summit 19 years ago .
He said his latest climb was to raise awareness of the impact of global warming on the Himalayas .
Apa Sherpa 's expedition team has been collecting rubbish from the mountain as part of a campaign to return it to its pristine condition .
Apa Sherpa spent around 30 minutes at the top of Everest , unfurling a banner saying " Stop Climate Change " .
Dawa Steven Sherpa , expedition team leader , told the AFP news agency : " We are very excited and happy with Apa 's achievement .
It will highlight the effects of global warming on Everest .
" Climbing Everest is getting more difficult and dangerous every year because of the melting ice .
The rocks that used to be covered by snows are getting exposed .
" We have brought down over five tonnes of mountain trash including parts of a crashed helicopter , old ropes and tents , ladders , metal cans and climbing gear . "
Veteran British adventurer Sir Ranulph Fiennes also reached the summit , succeeding after two previous attempts ended in failure .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Sri Lankan army has killed 91 people at a makeshift hospital inside a civilian safe zone in the last two days , two doctors have told the BBC .
The doctors said bombardments from the army had killed 64 people on Saturday , including patients , their relatives and bystanders in Mullivaikal .
About 87 people were injured .
Another 27 people reportedly died on Friday .
The army has denied bombing the hospital , saying that Tamil Tiger rebels carried out suicide attacks .
A doctor in Mullivaikal has sent images he says show shelling at the hospital A spokesman for the Sri Lankan army said that although soldiers had heard explosions in the area , they had not fired any shells .
The army had not used heavy weapons for some days , he said , since the government announced on Monday that it was halting its use of heavy weapons in the conflict zone .
The army spokesman said Tamil Tiger rebels had launched eight suicide attacks in the space of two days .
A doctor working within the zone has e-mailed the BBC a number of photographs which , he says , show the aftermath of recent shelling at the hospital in Mullivaikal .
One image appears to show a father and son killed as they slept .
The hospital lies within a government - designated safe zone set up to protect civilians .
In contrast , the defence ministry has put on its website video clips which , it says , show the rebels moving an artillery piece through the zone they control , our correspondent says .
Journalists are not allowed near the conflict zone , so the conflicting accounts cannot be independently verified .
Trapped civilians
The images sent by a doctor appear to show bodies and damage to structures
The reports centre on a tiny strip of land on the north - east coast , where Tamil Tiger rebels are still holding out against government forces .
The Sri Lankan military has restricted the rebels to a 12 sq km ( 5 sq miles ) area and believes it is close to defeating them .
Tens of thousands of civilians have been trapped in the area , and the EU and the UN have urged Sri Lanka to observe a pause in its campaign to let them out .
The government says a halt would serve no purpose .
Diplomatic efforts to bring more help for the civilians in the war zone have so far made little progress .
The Tamil Tigers have fought for an independent homeland for Sri Lanka 's Tamil minority since 1983 .
More than 70,000 people have been killed in the war , but that figure could now be far higher .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We reached the Moon in a tin can , built a humble space station , and have a plan to reach Mars in a bigger tin can .
But we need to reach the stars .
And we will .
Advertisement
Yes , I know what you are thinking : " It 's impossible . "
And right now , you are right .
Our current propulsion engines are , simply put , pathetic .
We are still in the Stone Age of space travel .
As cool as they are , rocket engines — which eject gas at high speeds through a nozzle on the back of a spacecraft — are extremely inefficient , requiring huge volumes of fuel runs out faster than you can say " Beam me up , Scotty . "
Advertisement
We have cleared the tower
Solid boosters , hybrid , monopropellant , bipropellant rockets ... all these would be impossible to use in interstellar travel , with maximum speeds going up to a maximum of 9 kilometers per second .
Rockets wo n't work even using the effect of planetary gravity to gain impulse .
Voyager — the fastest man-made spacecraft out there racing at 17 kilometers per second — would need 74,000 years in deep space to reach Proxima Centauri , the red dwarf star located at 4.22 light - years in the Alpha Centauri system , the closest to our Sun .
But even if we were able to build a massive spacecraft with today 's experimental — but feasible — propulsion technology , it will still take thousand of years to reach Alpha Centauri .
Using nuclear explosions — like the ones proposed in the Orion project — would be more efficient than rockets , achieving a maximum of 60 kilometers per second .
That 's still a whopping 21,849 years and a couple months .
Advertisement
Using ion thrusters — which use electrostatic or electromagnetic force to accelerate ions that in turn push the spacecraft forward — would only reduce that amount marginally .
Even theoretical technology — like nuclear pulse propulsion , with speeds up to 15,000 kilometers per second — wo n't cut it .
And that 's assuming we can find a way for these engines to last all that time .
And let 's not even get into the resources and engineering needed to create a vessel capable of sustaining life for such a long period of time .
Advertisement
All to reach a stupid red dwarf with no planets to explore .
We may as well not go , really .
You know , let 's just save Earth from our own destruction and colonize Mars or Titan or Europa ( if the aliens let us do that . )
Advertisement
Our ignorance is our only hope
It gets even worse .
Our current understanding of physics — which says that nothing can travel faster than light — basically establishes that we will never be able to achieve space travel in a way that is meaningful to Humanity .
In other words , even if we are able to discover a propulsion method that could get a spacecraft close to the speed of light , it will still take hundred of years to reach an star system with planets similar to Earth .
By the time the news get back to us , we all will be dead .
Advertisement
And that 's precisely the key to our only hope to reach the stars :
Our ignorance .
As much as we have advanced , we are still clueless about many things .
Physicists are still struggling to understand the Universe , discovering new stellar events that we can't explain , and trying to make sense of it all , looking for that perfect theory that will make everything fit together .
That fact is that , since we do n't know how everything works , there still may be something that opens the way to faster - than - light space travel .
Discovering the unknown — like physicists have been doing since the Greeks — and harnessing new math and theories into new technology is our only way to spread through the Universe in a way that makes sense to Humanity as a whole .
You know , like Star Trek or Battlestar Galactica or Star Wars : Travel across the Universe in hours or days , not in centuries or millennia .
Advertisement
I 'm giving her all she 's got !
One of those yet - to - be- unraveled things is the Big Bang , the origin of the Universe itself .
Our origin , the final question that we have been trying to answer since we came out of the cave and looked up the night sky .
We still do n't know exactly what happened , but the observation of the Universe from Earth and space probes have caused some physicists to propose many different models .
One of these models says that , during the initial inflation period of the Universe , space - time expanded faster than light .
If this turns out to be the case , it would make possible the creation of warp drives .
Advertisement
Yes , the warp drives .
Advertisement
Warp drives were first proposed in a logical way by Mexican physicist Miguel Alcubierre .
He theorized that , instead of moving something faster than the speed of light — which is not possible under Einstein 's relativity theory — we could move the space - time around it faster than the speed of light itself .
The spacecraft will be inside a warp bubble , a flat space that will be moved by the expansion of the space behind it and the contraction of space in front of it .
The spacecraft wo n't move faster than light , but the bubble will .
Inside the bubble , everything would be normal .
A way to understand the effect , as Marc Millis — former head of the Breakthrough Propulsion Physics Project at NASA 's Glenn Research Center — explains , is to look at the way a toy boat reacts in the tub when you put some detergent behind it .
The bubbles will expand the space behind the boat , impulsing it forward .
In the same way , a spaceship with a warp drive would be able to do the same thing .
Advertisement
But while there have been already experiments in the laboratory that suggest that this may indeed be possible , we are still far , far away from developing the technology that would make warp drives a reality .
To start with , the amount of energy necessary to bend space like this is way beyond anything we can produce today .
Some scientists , however , suggest that antimatter may be the fuel that will make this possible .
Advertisement
Again , there are a lot of question marks surrounding antimatter , but this is precisely part of our only hope :
Somewhere , still hiding , is the breakthrough that will make interstellar travel possible .
The possibility is still there .
Why should we go to the stars ?
So call me an optimist if you have to .
It may be all this sun shining in New York right now .
Or maybe it is because I saw Star Trek yesterday ( and it was as good as I hoped it to be and then some more . )
The fact is that I 'm convinced that interstellar travel will happen .
You and I will probably not see it , but if Humanity can survive self - annihilation , I 'm sure we will achieve it .
Advertisement
No , " will we reach the stars ? " is not the question to answer .
We will .
The more important question is why do we need to go ?
Advertisement
The answer to this is the reason why we have celebrated humans in space all this week , now coming to its end .
As I said when we started Get Me Off This Rock , space exploration is the most epic and most important adventure Humanity has ever embarked upon .
When we travel to space we are opening the way to the preservation of Humanity .
We are trying to contact other civilizations .
We are trying to answer the biggest questions of them all : Who are we ?
Why are we here ?
How did we get here ?
Are we alone in this rock we call Earth ?
Advertisement
Get Me Off
This Rock
This week we are going where only a handful of humans have gone before .
Then we are blasting off …
Read more
But there is more .
A lot more .
Ultimately , the most important thing will not be getting the answers to these eternal questions .
The most important thing will be the process of reaching for the stars .
Because if we manage to get there , it would mean that we managed to survive as a species .
That is the only way we can develop the engineering and the resources needed to build something like the Enterprise .
Survive self - destruction , solve the problems we have here , collaborate , work as species , not as countries or corporations .
Advertisement
That 's what space exploration and interstellar travel is all about .
Only if we manage to go beyond our petty fights and stupid wars , only if we work together towards a better future , we will be able to go where no one has gone before .
And be back to tell about it before dinner gets cold .
Click to viewRecommended reading : Wikipedia , The Warpdrive : Hyper - fast travel
within general relativity by Miguel Alcubierre ( PDF ) , Assessing Potential Propulsion Methods ( PDF )
April 23 , 2009
An artificial knee costing just USD $ 20 promises to deliver much needed help to amputees who are disadvantaged or impoverished – particularly when the price of high - end titanium knee joints can range anywhere from USD $ 10,000 to USD $ 100,000 in the US .
The artificial knee , dubbed the JaipurKnee , was developed by Joel Sadler , a lecturer in mechanical engineering and d'Arbeloff Fellow , and his team at the Hasso Plattner Institute of Design at Stanford University .
Named after the JaipurFoot prosthetics charity , which worked with Sadler and his team , the prosthetic knee was designed by evaluating the mechanics of expensive titanium knee joints in the US as well as the substantially cheaper materials used in prosthetics in developing countries .
Based on these studies , the team came up with a versatile knee joint made from an oil - filled nylon polymer .
Previously inexpensive prosthetic knee joints rotated on a single axis , like a door hinge .
These proved to be unstable and unsafe on rough terrain and caused amputees considerable physical and mental pain .
The mechanics of the self - lubricating JaipurKnee joint are different from other cheaper models and capable of rotating in more than one plane , which makes it more flexible and easier to walk on .
To date , some 43 joints have been fitted to amputees in India , where Sadler and his team are performing further tests to improve on the knee 's design .
The initial goal is to produce 100,000 joints over the next three years , with the hope that the cost can still be driven below USD $ 20 .
The Jaipur Knee went on display recently at Stanford 's annual Cool Product Expo .
Via Physorg.com via Stanford University
David Greig
One small thing about the Big Apple is the crime rate — New York is America ’s safest big city by a mile , new FBI crime stats show .
New York has the lowest crime rate of the 25 largest cities in the country , Mayor Bloomberg announced yesterday .
And of the 261 cities with more than 100,000 residents , New York ’s crime rate ranked 246th .
Violent crime plunged 4 percent in New York last year , outpacing the national crime decline of 2.5 percent .
The city ’s overall violent - crime decrease in 2008 was led by a 9 percent drop in assaults — a plunge that offset spikes in other categories , including a 5.4 percent increase in murders , a 1.7 percent hike in rapes and a 1.8 percent boost in robberies .
In what ’s surely more good news for Bloomberg ’s re-election campaign , crime also dropped sharply in the first five months of 2009 , according to NYPD data .
Murders led the year ’s downward trend , dropping 21.1 percent , the NYPD said .
Rapes , robberies and felony assaults are down , too .
“ There have been 43 fewer murders , 1,415 fewer robberies and 491 fewer cars stolen than this same time just a year ago , ” Bloomberg said .
“ Using innovative policing strategies and a focus on keeping guns out of the hands of criminals , we are continuing to do more with less , in spite of the economic downturn . ”
Following New York in the lower crime rates for big cities were San Jose , Los Angeles , San Diego , Las Vegas , Philadelphia , Phoenix , Houston , Dallas and San Antonio .
The story was far grimmer in small - town America in 2008 .
Places with fewer than 10,000 residents charted a 5.5 percent rise in murders , a 1.4 percent increase in rape and a 3.9 percent rise in robbery .
Subversion is on clear display not just with Bushco , but the entire congress 's passage of the Patriot Act and their failure to retaliate against the tapping of our phones by the Bush NSA and ATT .
Blowback is also on clear display throughout the world , not just with terrorism , but severe geopolitical realignments as a result of the neocon pax Americana agenda .
The American people have been brainwashed into thinking that secrecy is required to keep us safe .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
The 50th anniversary of the 1947 National Security Act just passed us ( July 26 , 1947 ) .
These last fifty years have seen this establishment of what Bill Moyers called the " Secret Government " bring , not expanded peace and security in the world , but the exploitation of this secrecy to effectively subvert the institutions of democracy and the rule of law .
The release of a few of the CIA 's " family jewels " is testimony to a mere glimpse of this secret government in action .
And so concerned Americans attempt to investigate .
With scant information they attempt to connect the dots .
They dig out documents with FOIA requests , datamine MSM reports , and catalog whistleblower accounts to try to get an accurate image to emerge .
And for this they get mocked and ridiculed , venomously attacked , lied about and even their rights violated .
Some , indeed , go to prison .
Sadly , these attacks come from the left as the cowards who do n't have the courage to fight , bow to the " conventional wisdom " of the corporate controlled media - the big infomercial for the status quo - that citizens investigating their own government are " conspiracy theorists " who are somehow not credible .
Indeed , there is a certain segment of the population that will believe almost anything , from bigfoot to alien abductions .
Serious evidence is an obstacle for these folks because they want to believe in the extraordinary , the supernatural , a myth .
But the use of these people to discredit serious , objective citizen researchers is nothing but a propaganda technique .
And the cowards on the left who cry " tinfoil " and mock legitimate research are accomplices .
They , through their weakness of mind , are enemies of the people 's right to question their government .
They would have you believe that powerful people never conspire and that trying to piece together the speckled evidence of these conspiracies is only for the realm of nuttery .
But they are fools .
We know for a fact that powerful people conspire constantly and in secret .
US Attorney - gate was a conspiracy .
Iran Contra was a conspiracy .
Watergate was a conspiracy .
The plan to take our country to war in Iraq was a conspiracy .
The program to illegally spy tap America 's phones was a conspiracy .
Hell , the entire Bush administration agenda was a conspiracy .
But we are somehow supposed to believe that these are aberrations .
That when Dick Cheney and his pals in the oil cartel get together , they talk about the Yankees .
But secrecy creates a vacuum of hard evidence .
And whenever there 's a vacuum , people tend to fill it in with imagination .
This is not the X - Files .
There is no freakin Illuminati pulling all the strings .
The best way for us plebes to visualize the networking structure of conspirators of the national security state , the corporatist class , and the wealthy and powerful in general is the the mafia .
Complete with crime families and godfathers .
Feudal lords works too but most people do n't know what the hell that means .
We know a lot more about the mafia because , at various times , our government has chosen not to protect them .
Of course , you can take the analogy only so far .
But one analog is persistent - they 're all a bunch of murdering thieving criminals .
And they all conspire .
In fact , one of the most successful prosecutions for mobsters is conspiracy .
Personally , I somewhat support the ban on CTs at this site .
But only because I have no interest in anyone 's theory about anything .
I want facts .
But the greatest failure of Democrats and the progressive left in the last 8 years has been to allow the delusional ravings of a few to inoculate the Bush junta on 911 .
Just because some think that space beams destroyed the Twin Towers is no reason to believe the depiction of 911 presented by Bush / Cheney or the fraud that is the 911 Commission .
There 's nothing realistic about believing the Bush administration has lied about everything except 911 .
One does n't need to to theorize about 911 to prove that the story we 've been told does n't ad up .
And if we can invest 1000 man-hours investigating Jeff Gannon , do n't you think the sole source of Bush 's power to destroy our nation deserves a little attention ?
Watch ' 9/11 Press for Truth ' .
This fact based , high quality documentary does n't propose a conspiracy .
But it raises some serious freakin questions .
And it's all the result of data mining MSM reports .
Watch the BBC's ' Power of Nightmares . '
It shows how the neocons needed a new devil after the fall of the USSR .
It has nothing to do with 911 conspiracy theories .
But it will probably completely change your view of al Qaeda and all these terror hypes the Big Infomercial is always selling .
Over 40 % of the public does n't believe Bushco on 911 .
That does n't mean they all think it was an inside job .
But if you think that does n't help Democrats politically then you should keep your day job .
If those numbers got up to 65 % , I 'm not sure a Republican could ever be elected again .
I just want people to understand they let it happen .
Because that is the proven truth , so far .
Whether they let it happen on purpose is a legitimate line of investigation .
But because of the left 's phobia with 911 , we can't even get the message out that Bushco let 911 happen through incompetence .
And that pisses me off .
One toilet paper manufacturer has decided to show that its toilet paper is made from 100 % recycled materials .
So they put special stickers in toilets of bars and restaurants in Copenhagen .
Well , look for yourself ...
Dear Colleagues :
“ There are too many human problems in the world that we have to solve first before we think about animals . ”
“ Let ’s work on world peace first ; we can then work on animal rights . ”
Anyone who pursues animal advocacy frequently encounters these and similar comments .
I am often asked how I respond to such comments .
First of all , no one is saying that those who campaign for human rights should stop doing so and should instead campaign for animal rights .
Rather , the point is that if we accept that animals are members of the moral community , we should stop eating , wearing , or consuming animals in our individual lives .
Becoming a vegan does not require that you stop advocating for abused children , battered women , or against war .
After I gave a lecture on animal rights at a community center , a woman approached me and said that she was a volunteer at a center for battered women and rape victims .
She said that she was very sympathetic to what I had to say about animals but that she was completely consumed by her work for women that she did not know how to find time to work to become involved in animal rights .
I asked her : “ You have time to eat , do n’t you ? ”
She replied , “ Of course I do ! ”
“ Do you wear clothes and use shampoo and other products ? ”
“ Yes , sure .
But what does that have to do with it ? ”
It has everything to do with it .
I explained to her that if she really took the animal issue seriously , all she needed to do was to stop consuming them as food , wearing them , using products that contain them or that are tested on them , or patronizing any form of entertainment that used animals .
If she never did anything else on the animal issue , her act of going vegan , and the example that she would set for friends and family , would themselves constitute important forms of activism that would in no way interfere with her work for women .
Becoming an advocate for abolition is something that you can do at your next meal .
Second , it is a mistake to see issues of human and animal exploitation as mutually exclusive .
On the contrary , all exploitation is inextricably intertwined .
All exploitation is a manifestation of violence .
All discrimination is a manifestation of violence .
As long as we tolerate violence of any sort , there will be violence of every sort .
As Russian novelist Leo Tolstoy noted : “ As long as there are slaughterhouses , there will be battlefields . ”
Tolstoy was , of course , completely correct .
As long as humans regard it as normal to slaughter animals for food for which there is no justification other than the trivial pleasure we get from eating or using animals , they will regard it as normal to use violence when they think that something more important is at stake .
And it goes the other way as well : as long as we tolerate racism , sexism , heterosexism , and other forms of discrimination , there will be speciesism .
That is one reason why it is important that animal advocates should never think of themselves as “ one issue ” people .
Speciesism is morally objectionable because , like racism , sexism , and other forms of discrimination , it excludes beings from the scope of moral concern on the basis of an irrelevant criterion .
It makes no difference whether that irrelevant criterion is race , sex , sexual orientation , or species .
We cannot sensibly say that we oppose speciesism but we support or have no position on other forms of discrimination .
We oppose speciesism because it is like racism , sexism , and other forms of discrimination .
Our opposition to speciesism logically implies a rejection of these other forms of discrimination .
Again , this does not mean that animal advocates must stop their work on behalf of animals and become human rights advocates .
It does , however , mean that they should always make clear to others that they oppose all forms of discrimination and they should never practice discrimination in their own lives .
Third , many altruistic people admirably want to change the world but do not see that the most important change comes at the level of the individual .
As Mahatma Gandhi said : “ You must be the change you want to see in the world . ”
If you want a nonviolent world , you must embrace nonviolence in your own life .
Veganism is an important element of a nonviolent life as there can be no doubt that all animal foods and animal products are the result of violence .
Another gem from Tolstoy : “ Everyone thinks of changing the world , but no one thinks of changing himself . ”
Gary L. Francione
© 2009 Gary L. Francione
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , the very organization created to guarantee deposits against bank runs and failures , is instead about to guarantee that their services are in greater demand .
They ’re doing this by requiring all banks , large and small , to pay a one time charge of 20 cents per $ 100 of deposits ( aka 20 “ basis points ” ) .
In the process , this unbudgeted expense will likely cause some otherwise stable and profitable smaller banks to fail while larger banks , with the assistance of federal TARP funds , will likely be able to survive .
The FDIC is a federally - chartered insurance company , and as such they charge their member banks a fee to provide deposit insurance .
In the 2007 - 2008 federal fiscal year , the insurance charges ranged from five to 43 basis points , with an industry average of 6.3 basis points .
As of April 1 , however , the FDIC not only increased their rates to between seven and 77.5 basis points , but they also significantly changed the method by which banks are categorized according to risk .
The rates paid by banks increased dramatically for nearly all risk categories , with some increasing over 100 % .
The worst increase was from 10 basis points to a maximum of 43 , an increase of 330 % .
But as bad as those increases were , the proposed new rates and the new rate calculation method were both published October 7 , 2008 .
This amount of advance notice should have permitted banks to plan for an significant increase in their rates even though the final rates were not known until March 4 , 2009 .
The bigger deal is that the FDIC has chosen to implement a 20 basis point “ special assessment ” charge specifically to increase their own monetary reserves and to ensure that the public has confidence in the FDIC .
In addition , the FDIC Board has given themselves the option to add an additional 10 basis points atop the first 20 if they feel that additional confidence - building measures are required .
These special assessments were not in the proposed rule published in October of 2008 , and as such the banks would not have been able to prepare and budget for the increased costs of keeping the FDIC financially solvent .
The Federal Reserve publishes a list of the largest commercial banks in the country – essentially every bank with over $ 300 million in combined assets – in order from largest to smallest as determined by the banks ’ total assets .
From this data , it ’s clear that the top five banks hold 40.6 % of total assets and 57.8 % of all domestic assets held by banks .
The top 25 banks hold 60.4 % and 91.7 % of total and domestic assets respectively .
For comparison , the top five banks also recieved 35.1 % of the TARP bailout money committed to date , or $ 152.5 billion .
In other words , the largest banks hold the most assets and have needed the most federal help .
The 1722 “ large ” banks identified by the Federal Reserve will need to pay a combined total of $ 19.9 billion to the FDIC by September to accomodate the 20 basis point special assessment .
If the FDIC Board boosts the special assessment to 30 basis points , then the combined total will be $ 29.8 billion instead .
Put another way , that represents a $ 2 - 3 million reduction in operating revenue for a bank with $ 1 billion in total ( domestic ) assets .
According to the Federal Reserve , Cashmere Valley Bank of Cashmere , Washington is just such a bank – it has nearly exactly $ 1 billion in total assets , all of which are domestic assets .
It has a total of eight locations ( nine according to their website ) .
According to the bank ’s unaudited financial statement for 2008 , the bank had a total income of $ 12.216 million .
Cashmere Valley Bank will have to pay a $ 2 - 3 million in September , or 16.7 % to 25 % of their entire 2008 income .
This will make the bank less profitable and may hurt the perception of its stability in the Washington communities it serves .
Furthermore , if the bank ’s shareholders demand that Cashmere Valley Bank keep their stock value up , then the bank might choose to cut staff and close branches instead of taking a hit to profits .
According to the 2008 financial statement , Cashmere spent $ 19.845 million on building leases , office equipment , salaries and benefits , etc. , of which just over half was salaries and benefits .
Cutting this number by $ 2 - 3 million could require Cashmere to close an entire branch and its staff , possibly hurting the community where the branch is located .
Or Cashmere could cut staff by 20 - 30 % across all branches instead .
What ’s perhaps the most devastating , however , is that the entire amount is due by the end of September and the final rule was only announced in March , giving banks only two full quarters in which to make enough money to cover their special assessment charge .
Cashmere Valley Bank made about $ 4 million after taxes in the first quarter of 2009 , so they may well be able to pay the charge .
But a $ 2 - 3 million charge all at once will cut total income by 50 - 75 % , depending on the economy of the communities that Cashmere Valley Bank serves .
Bank of America will have to pay $ 2.75 or $ 4.13 billion in special assessment charges .
In 2008 , their total income was only about $ 4 billion , so this is a comparably much larger percentage of income than Cashmere will have to pay .
But Cashmere does n’t appear to have been given TARP funds ( or if so , not enough to hit the ProPublica bailout tracking radar ) while BofA has received $ 52.5 billion in bailout money to date .
Only AIG has received more bailout money .
So what does this all mean ?
It means that the largest banks in the industry , banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America , banks that are “ too big to fail , ” will feel little pain from the FDIC special assessment .
The Treasury has already decided that these large banks will not collapse , and so the banks will be given ( or have already been given ) the billions of dollars needed to pay their portion of the FDIC special assessment .
And so money will leave the Treasury , go trough the bank , and then come back to another part of the Treasury Department , the FDIC .
Smaller banks , on the other hand , will be forced to take lower profits , cut staff , and close branches in order to afford the special assessment .
In extreme cases , the special assessment designed to help keep banks alive may even force some to close their doors .
While the biggest banks will be propped up , smaller banks that are more financially sound will become less so .
Added to the fact that these very same banks were were forced to take TARP money order to spread out expected Treasury losses from the bailout and we have a situation that will ultimately result in the failure of more small community banks that could have survived before the FDIC ’s special assessment .
And this is less damaging to the country and economy than nationalizing huge banks and then gradually deconstructing them how , exactly ?
' We have never seen so many hungry people in the world ' , warns U.N. chief
Jacques Diouf says 1bn people across the world are now classed as ' hungry '
The number of hungry people in the world is estimated to hit a record 1 billion - roughly one - sixth of the world 's population - the U.N. food aid organization warned yesterday .
Although the recent financial crisis has helped bring global food prices down , it has also led to falling trade and lower development aid .
As a result , an additional 104 million people are likely to go hungry this year - meaning they receive fewer than 1,800 calories a day , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization 's general director , Jacques Diouf .
The number of people considered hungry in 2007 increased by some 75 million , while a further 40 million joined the ranks in 2008 .
Speaking at a two - day meeting in Paris between the FAO and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , Diouf said : ' We have never seen so many hungry people in the world .
' Food security is a matter of peace and security in the world . '
He warned that food production will have to double by 2050 just to keep pace with population growth .
Despite a 30 percent drop in food prices from June 2008 , overall food prices still remain above 2006 levels .
In the developing world , however , food prices have dropped only 12 - 14 percent since June 2008 , it was revealed .
Surveys show that prices of basic staple foods in many poor countries have barely registered any drop .
Higher food prices spurred a 12 - 13 percent increase in production in wealthy countries .
But developing countries - excluding giants such as China , Brazil and India - have only seen a 0.4 percent rise in food production , which has been offset by the increase in population .
Systemic problems - such as weak infrastructure and dependence on rain - are to blame for poor nations ' near - stagnant production .
Bad roads in rural areas , lack of proper food storage facilities and a lack of irrigation infrastructure continue to keep farmers in poor countries from producing more , Diouf said .
He and other experts at Wednesday 's conference called a greater percentage of development aid to poor countries to be spent on agriculture .
Following the so - called Green Revolution of the 1970s - during which crop yields and food production skyrocketed - aid money spent on agriculture has dwindled from 17 percent of total aid to just 3 percent .
Jacques Diouf says 1bn people across the world are now classed as ' hungry '
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipisicing elit , sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua .
Ut enim ad minim veniam , quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat .
Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur .
Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident , sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum .
A woman ’s sexual and reproductive rights are the most important factors in her ability to improve her life and determine her future .
This is why we advocate to ensure contraceptives stay on shelves , providers can do their jobs and people around the world are able to make free , full and informed choices about their sexual and reproductive health .
Abortion
We champion policies that protect and fulfill a woman ’s right to make decisions about her body , health and future , including the right to safe , legal abortion care .
Contraception
We believe that everyone — especially women and girls — has the right to determine whether and when to have children .
Supportive Policies and Funding
We champion policies and funding that make sexual and reproductive health and rights a reality for all and fight to remove the policy barriers that prevent everyone , especially women and girls , from receiving the quality care they deserve .
Quality and Equity
We believe that everyone , including women and girls , should have access to the quality , comprehensive sexual and reproductive health care they need and deserve .
In one corner , the Free Software Foundation , headed by bearded guru ( and sometime songwriter ) Richard " I do n't use a Web browser " Stallman .
In the other , the recording industry , where beards only exist as wispy examples of hipster irony ( unless you 're Kenny Rogers ) and where the songwriting skills are ( slightly ) better .
What would happen if the two groups ever met in court over a file - sharing case ?
Now we know .
The FSF has weighed in on the highly - publicized Joel Tenenbaum case , where a graduate student stands accused of sharing copyrighted music files for years on P2P networks .
Tenenbaum is defended by Harvard Law professor Charles Nesson , but the Free Software Foundation has also shoved its oar into the water and is paddling around a bit , trying to make some waves .
The FSF has weighed in on the case as an amicus — a friend of the court .
Its main argument , co-written by longtime RIAA scourge Ray Beckerman , was that the statutory damages bore no link to actual damages suffered in such cases , and were thus not legal .
That filing allowed the RIAA to respond .
Respond it did — and not just to the legal arguments .
" The FSF is not a neutral friend of the Court , " it said .
The FSF has " an open and virulent bias against copyrights in general , and against the recording industry in particular " and should therefore not be allowed to file , because it can't " provide a neutral source of information or legal analysis to aid the court . "
And what about Beckerman , the lawyer working with the FSF on the brief ?
The RIAA is ( still ) not a fan .
" FSF retained as its ' of counsel ' an attorney who runs a blog entitled ' Recording Industry vs. The People ' and who is currently subject to a pending sanctions motion for his conduct in representing a defendant in one of the Plaintiffs ’ enforcement cases . "
This attack comes after RIAA lawyers accused Beckerman last year of practicing " vexatious litigation " and making " false statements " in court filings .
When the FSF moved to file an updated version of its brief , the response from the recording industry was just as sharp .
The brief showed " even more strikingly the deep animus FSF and its counsel hold for Plaintiffs , their counsel , and the recording industry . "
Such a " biased organization " should not be allowed to brief the court ... especially when it 's full of lies " misrepresentations of material facts . "
The RIAA also did n't think the FSF should have the chance to revise its brief , essentially arguing that it was a " do - over " after RIAA lawyers pointed out all the holes in the brief the first time around .
Beckerman , writing on the FSF blog , said , " The RIAA 's opposition to our filing of a revised amicus curiae brief contained no meritorious legal argument .
It is a wonder why they filed it at all , other than to demonstrate to the judge that they have no response to the well - settled law that punitive awards which are disproportionate to the actual damages sustained are unconstitutional . "
That 's actually quite mild , considering what the RIAA is dishing out , and the FSF court filings are ( unusually for the group ) models of rhetorical restraint .
But the FSF certainly is n't above taking a solid whack at the music business ; in an opinion piece about the Tenenbaum case , FSF Operations Manager John Sullivan charged that " the RIAA does n’t stop at manipulating copyright law to gouge artists and the public . "
The whole thing has been something of a sideshow to a main event that long ago turned into a circus , but the involvement of groups like the FSF shows just how much attention the case is getting .
With Professor Nesson set to argue in court that file - sharing is merely fair use , the case has assumed an importance far beyond that of most such lawsuits , and everyone wants a chance to be heard .
IF YOU have ever been tempted to call alternative medicine “ bogus ” , choose your words with care .
You could be sued for defamation .
That ’s the message from a ruling in the High Court in London that censured science writer Simon Singh for claiming that the British Chiropractic Association ( BCA ) promoted “ bogus ” treatments .
Chiropractic is a system of alternative and complementary medicine that treats illnesses by manipulating the spine .
Singh made the comment in an article in London newspaper The Guardian in April 2008 .
The BCA asked him to retract the statement , which it said was wrong and damaging to its …
Anwender sollten aufgrund der Sicherheitsprobleme des Adobe Reader auf alternative PDF - Anwendungen wechseln , empfahl der technische Direktor des finnischen Antivirenherstellers F - Secure am Rande der aktuell statt findenden RSA - Konferenz .
Von den bislang in diesem
Jahr registrierten sogenannten gezielten Angriffen auf leitende Angestellte , Politiker und andere hochrangige Personen nutzten fast 50 Prozent sechs Sicherheitslücken in Adobes PDF - Produkten aus .
Im Jahr 2008 soll noch Microsoft Word mit 35 Prozent das beliebteste Ziel der Angreifer gewesen sein , obwohl bereits in diesem Jahr der Reader mit 19 Lücken vier mehr aufwies als Word ( 15 ) .
Während die Zahl der beobachteten infizierten PDF - Dateien von Januar bis April 2008 nur 128 betrug , stieg sie im gleichen Zeitraum 2009 auf mehr als 2300 , betonte Hypponen .
Bei den Attacken versenden die Kriminellen präparierte Dokumente an ihre Opfer , um deren PCs zu infizieren und auszuspionieren .
Auch das kürzlich gemeldete Spionagenetz zum Infiltrieren der Rechner der tibetischen Exil - Regierung verbreitete sich unter anderem über manipulierte PDF - Dokumente .
Daneben stellen aber auch PDF - und Flash - Plug-ins für den Browser eine Gefahr dar .
Laut Hypponen würden Anwender oftmals ihre Anwendungen nicht aktualisieren , da sie nicht wüssten , dass es wichtige Sicherheits - Updates gebe .
Die automatisch angebotenen werden zudem oftmals ignoriert .
Aus Sicht von Hypponen sollte Adobe regelmäßige Update - Zyklen für seine Produkte etablieren , wie es bereits Microsoft getan habe .
Konkrete Angaben zu alternativen PDF - Viewern machte Hypponen nicht , sondern verwies nur auf die Seite PDFReaders.org , auf der mehrere freie Reader gelistet sind .
Der Foxit - Reader fehlt dort allerdings .
Dafür sind jedoch die Open - Source - Reader KPDF ( für KDE ) und xpdf aufgeführt , die kürzlich ebenfalls kritische Sicherheitslücken aufwiesen , die den Lücken in Adobes Produkten sehr ähnlich waren .
Auch in Foxit fanden sich in der Vergangenheit einige kritische Fehler .
Ob der Wechsel auf einen alternativen PDF - Reader oder das zeitnahe Installieren von Sicherheits - Updates die sinnvollere Lösung ist , muss jeder Anwender letztlich für sich entscheiden .
Siehe dazu auch :
( dab )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The driver of a car that killed six people after crashing into crowds watching a Dutch royal parade on Thursday has died from his injuries .
Karst Tates , a 38 - year - old Dutch national , was critically injured after his attempted attack on the Dutch royal family , and died in hospital overnight .
His car crashed into a monument after ploughing through bystanders who were marking Queen 's Day in Apeldoorn .
The car narrowly missed a bus which was carrying Queen Beatrix and her family .
In a televised address on Thursday evening , the Queen said she had been shaken by the experience and sent her condolences to the victims .
" What started as a nice day ended in tragedy .
We are all deeply shocked .
We are speechless that such a terrible thing could have happened , " she said .
Ten people , including three children , remain injured in hospital .
' Quiet , solitary man '
On Friday morning , prosecutors announced that Mr Tates had died at 0258 ( 0058 GMT ) from the serious injuries he sustained after crashing a car into crowds watching the parade in Apeldoorn , some 90 km ( 56 miles ) east of Amsterdam .
A search of the home of the suspect yielded no weapons , explosives or indications of a broader conspiracy
Dutch prosecution service
In pictures : Dutch parade crash
He was already " clinically dead " by Thursday evening , having suffered significant brain damage , Dutch media reported .
Police officers who questioned Mr Tates before he became unconscious said he had told them he had targeted the royal family .
His neighbours in the eastern town of Huissen told Radio Netherlands that he had worked as a security guard until a few months ago , when he was made redundant .
They described him as a quiet , solitary man .
" Recently , he informed me that he had been dismissed and could no longer pay the rent , " his landlord , Sem Bosman , told De Telegraaf .
" He was due to have come today to transfer the keys to a new tenant . "
Mr Tates had no criminal record or known mental health problems .
" A search of the home of the suspect yielded no weapons , explosives or indications of a broader conspiracy , " prosecutors said .
Despite the driver 's death , a police investigation will continue in a bid to determine his motives for the attack .
Taken by surprise
The crowds in Apeldoorn had been celebrating Queen 's Day - a national holiday in the Netherlands when thousands of people take to the streets to mark the queen 's official birthday .
Hundreds of police officers were on duty in a huge security operation that took months to plan .
Members of the royal family looked on in horror as the incident unfolded
But the authorities said they were taken completely by surprise when the small black car smashed through a security fence and into the crowd of people .
Cynthia Boll , a photographer at the scene , told the BBC that the car was already badly damaged before it slammed into the spectators at high speed .
" There were people everywhere , you could definitely see that it was serious because everywhere was blood and shoes ripped off and all the people giving CPR , " she said .
Other witnesses described people being flung into the air as the car careered through the throngs who had turned out to see the queen .
The car then narrowly missed the open - topped bus which was carrying Queen Beatrix and her family before hitting a monument .
Television pictures showed members of the royal family looking on in horror as the incident unfolded nearby .
Officials said two men and two women died at the scene of the incident , while a third man died in hospital later on Thursday .
Then on Friday afternoon , the defence ministry announced that a military policeman had died in hospital , bringing the death toll to six .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How easy is it to create and maintain a great blog or website ?
How much effort , time and resources should be invested in a blog or website to ensure prolonged success and continuous recognition ?
What are the top 7 crimes the owners of some of the greatest blogs or websites commit ?
As I have promised you in my previous post , here is a one stop read of the top 7 mistakes that bloggers and site owners fall into after creating original and unique pages :
Neglect : Many Internet users are time - poor , I know , yet after creating original and creative sites , whether in content and / or design , I believe that it is essential to maintain continuous updates and follow ups in order to keep the visitors loyal and coming back for more .
Stumble Upon user commented on phatterism .com ‘s creator by saying : “ He created an awesome page and an inspiring way to make a blog … last update 2008 , sad thing “ .
Redundancy : Repetition is a “ no , no ” !
What worked once , twice , three times or even more , will not always work !
Remember that !
Even Guy Kawasaki made the mistake of becoming dull due to repetition and lack of innovation !
Unavailability : Every blog and site owner should be available for feedback and responses most of the time in order to ensure effective two way communication and a more personal relationship with his / her visitors .
Lack of Promotion : A great blog or site could self - promote for a certain amount of time after reaching its position in fame and glory but that is not enough !
A smart site owner should make it a point to promote his / her site every once in a while in order to remind its visitors that its still there , great and running !
Greed :
One of the biggest mistakes site owners commit is using their pages to heavily advertise in order to gain more money !
No matter how great your site or blog is , if you are greedy , people will be repulsed and will look somewhere else !
No Credibility : As a blogger , your credibility is very crucial !
If you ca n’t be consistent with who you are and what you do you will definitely lose the interest of your visitors .
Lack of Research :
The only constant thing is change !
If a blogger or site owner forgets that , then all he / she has to offer is boring content with no mind busting or attention grabbing horizons !
Research is important to make sure all the above items are covered .
Further Readings :
Repeating the question : Hague gets Paxman grilling Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Jeremy Paxman repeated a question over a dozen times to shadow foreign secretary William Hague .
Newsnight 's presenter wanted Mr Hague to confirm whether he had asked the Conservative Party deputy chairman Lord Ashcroft if he is resident in Britain for tax purposes .
SEE ALSO Paxman versus Howard ( 03.25 ) MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
When it launched in 2005 , the Xbox 360 was , certain issues aside , a successful product .
But it was also drab .
Lifeless .
Until , in 2008 , along came the avatars .
Advertisement
First officially unveiled at E3 2008 , Microsoft 's Avatars were seen by many as an attempt to cash in on Nintendo 's success with their " Mii " characters , caricatures that had become wildly popular as the individualized mascots of Nintendo 's new Wii system .
Included as part of a wider upgrade to the Xbox 360's user interface , dubbed the " New Xbox Experience " ( or " NXE " ) , the Avatars were designed by the team at Rare to be part - dress - up doll , part - online identity , and , rather than being simple Mii clones , were the product of years of hard work at both Rare and Microsoft .
Advertisement
This is their story .
IN THE BEGINNING
" We ( Rare ) had been mulling an idea like this for several years " , says Lee Musgrave , Rare 's lead artist and one of the people primarily responsible for the design of the avatars .
" The idea that you could play multiple games , bought separately , with the same ( self - styled ) character is something that we thought was pretty compelling , and something that would really be a benefit to the console in general " .
Advertisement
Rare 's initial idea for their avatar system was simple : create a single identity , tied to a user or a user account , that would be represented by an on - screen character of the user 's design , and which would be able to be carried over between games .
Advertisement
" We kicked the idea about internally , did some very scant groundwork on the kind of technical work that would be required to get something like this to work , flung a few emails about our thoughts across the Atlantic [ to Microsoft 's head offices in Redmond , Washington ] ... and then Nintendo announced Miis " .
Oops .
Unsurprisingly , Musgrave says , momentum on Rare 's project began to pick up pace after Nintendo first unveiled their own avatar system in May 2006 .
Rare 's thunder was stolen by the Kyoto company 's bold , console - wide initiative for their new Wii console .
Advertisement
But with stolen thunder came renewed focus for the team at Rare .
" When we heard through internal grapevines that the Xbox platform team were putting together a completely new dashboard interface " , Musgrave says of Microsoft 's initial plans for the NXE , " we made it our business to get the work we 'd already done on ‘ shared characters ' in - front of them " .
Rare 's fledgling avatar system ( indeed , it can be said Rare itself was fledgling at this stage , with the company having failed to deliver a certified AAA hit since being purchased by Microsoft in 2002 ) was shown to Microsoft .
Microsoft loved it , green - lit the project with a new , greater scope ( the avatars would now be bound to the console itself ) and things took off from there .
Advertisement
WHO WAS DRIVING ?
By this stage , the project was being driven by a select number of Rare personnel : head of production Lee Schuneman , designer Dale Murchie , art head Lee Musgrave and animator Nick Makin .
Advertisement
" The project team working through early ideation , " Musgrave says .
" And [ the ] concept [ team ] worked closely with the Xbox LIVE team to ensure the avatar 's became active , living , breathing personas across the consumers ' entire Xbox 360 experience . "
" Once we moved from pre-development into actual implementation , about a dozen core team members from Rare worked hand in hand with Xbox to bring our shared vision for the avatars to life " .
These extra hands included Chris Sutherland , Bjorn Madsen , Rod Boyd , Gareth Lough , Ryo Agarie , John Doyle , Will Overton and Rare 's internal animation and rigging teams .
Advertisement
NAILING " THE LOOK "
" We labored long and hard on the look of the avatars from the outset " , says Musgrave .
" Our main goal was to create a style that did not alienate ANYBODY . . . this was about bringing people TO Xbox , not turning them off , and we deliberately went about creating something that was intrinsically human , but customizable to a point where people could express their personality within the system " .
Advertisement
" At the same time , we were careful not to make it SO customizable that it became a playground only for highly creative people who wanted to turn their Xbox avatar into a monster .
We danced around the exact level of creativity to open up with Avatars several times , and I think we eventually hit a spot with the faces , hairstyles , clothing and accessories that allow people to portray themselves pretty nicely , and with a certain ‘ edge ' if they are so inclined . "
Throughout this piece , you can see examples of early concept work for the Avatars , Rare 's art and design team toying with several varying styles of character before slowly approaching the short , stocky figures that would comprise the finished article ( final image at bottom of article ) .
Advertisement
As for what the Avatars wear , Musgrave says that , rather than attempt to dress the Avatars themselves , Rare enlisted the services of a number of fashion consultants .
These fashionistas helped Rare " put together hundreds of pieces of visual reference from all kinds of fashion styles and genres " , which Rare then modeled and modified to fit the Avatar 's art style .
Of course , the avatars did n't launch with " hundreds " of pieces of clothing .
And six months on from release , additions to those options have been few and far between .
But Musgrave says that the initial range of clothing options available – whose limited nature and range has drawn a little criticism from users – is " actually something that is not fully appreciated yet " , with many articles of clothing designed in the Avatar 's gestation period yet to see the light of day .
Advertisement
Musgrave is also at pains to point out that the clothing options " can be added to infinitely over time , to give us angles into pretty much any kind of trend or genre that you could imagine . "
So if happy pants come back in , people , do n't worry : your avatars should be covered .
Advertisement
PUTTING THEM TO WORK
So the look and idea of the avatars was coming along .
Yet for them to actually mean something , they had to be more than just dress - up dolls .
They had to be characters .
Avatars that did n't just represent a gamer physically , but could be controlled by them as well .
Advertisement
" We ensured throughout the entire technical development of the Avatar system that we kept one eye on the big prize , which was getting these things into as many places , products and games as possible " , says Musgrave .
" To this end , we actually wrote TWO avatar systems that are available for other developers to use , and a whole boatload of documentation and guidelines as to how developers should go about using avatars in their own games " .
The first of these allows developers to take a console 's Avatars and , using the 3D model as a base , rip still images from them in a variety of poses .
This is the simpler of the systems , to be used mainly for games or programs that use 2D images , and users can even try it out themselves : it 's the same tech employed by the " photo session " tool used to snap a pic of your avatar for a user 's gamerpic .
Advertisement
The second system is more complex , and allows developers to lift an avatar model 's geometry and textures and use it in a 3D game .
While we have n't seen much use of this to date , Musgrave says that this tool can be " slotted into the code of any ‘ in - development ' Xbox application " , so it should n't be too long until Microsoft – like Nintendo already has to great success - starts using avatars more extensively as game characters .
Advertisement
THE MUSIC
With the art and technology now sorted , there was one more thing to take care of .
The music — which , for an avatar system , sounds meaningless !
They 're a visual thing , after all , so music…eh , whatever .
Advertisement
Yet anyone who has created an avatar will know that perhaps the most endearing aspect of the whole thing is the music featured , and in particular , the catchy chimes that play when a user saves changes to their Avatar .
This crucial , yet under - appreciated side of Avatar development was handled by Rare music man Steve Burke , with help from Dale Murchie along the way .
Advertisement
GO FOR LAUNCH
The Avatars made their public debut with the release of the New Xbox Experience on November 19 , 2008 .
And while the NXE brought welcome changes to the 360's dour user interface , it quickly became clear that the main attraction of the update were the Avatars , their widespread use and acceptance allaying any concerns that they would be ignored by the 360's less " cuddly " user base .
Advertisement
" The main thing that I think we achieved here , and the main part that really lines up with our initial hopes for the project , is the level of integration and permeation that the avatars enjoy on Xbox 360 " says Musgrave .
" The success of the Avatars is down to the fact that they have been allowed / forced into all corners of the system .
There are Avatars on the very front page of every dash of every Xbox , and when you buy a new box , one of the first things you are prompted to do is make an Avatar " .
Indeed , Avatars have become a standard character across Microsoft for the Xbox 360 , with executive avatars taking the stage at major presentations , and the characters also taking pride of place on Xbox 360 packaging and promotional material .
Advertisement
THE FUTURE
With the avatars having successfully made the journey from abstract game novelty to console mascots , creators Rare are looking towards the little guys ' future .
Advertisement
" We have a list of about twelve million things we'd love to do with the avatars , their clothing and accessories , and how this all might cross over into the real - world . . . and there are several of these ideas that are being worked on behind the scenes right now " , Musgrave says .
" Step one is complete : we have the look , the system and the tech .
Step two is . . . due . "
When Hank Paulson agreed to become Treasury Secretary in May of 2006 , he found himself in a bit of a pickle .
You see , he owned about $ 500 million in Goldman Sachs stock , from his days as CEO of the firm .
So to avoid any appearance of a conflict of interest , government rules forced Mr. Paulson to sell all that stock .
Phew , looks like we dodged a bullet there …
Mr. Paulson ’s conflict of interest also brought a very unique benefit :
He did n’t have to pay any capital gains taxes on the sale of that stock — zero .
The Economist estimated his tax savings to be $ 200 m .
That ’s not bad compensation for less than 3 years of work at a “ public service ” gig .
He also got a nice salary and generous benefits .
For more on the intimate relationship between Goldman and Government , see this post .
The ethics rules that forced Paulson to sell his GS shares were designed so that rich executives are n’t dissuaded from entering public service due to tax issues .
But they seem to have the opposite effect .
It encourages these guys to move to Washington after they ’ve made their fortunes .
Getting a government job with conflicted interest turns out to be a fantastic tax dodge .
Not to mention all the good you can do while in office ( for your buddies , high - five ! ) .
Sorry , I ’ve been watching too much Borat / Ali -G lately .
As most people know , Paulson went on to orchestrate the largest corporate bailout in history .
Some banks failed , some will prosper in a thinned field of competitors .
One of the major beneficiaries was the firm he formerly headed , Goldman Sachs .
They received $ 10 b in direct aid , plus another $ 12b indirectly , via the AIG bailout .
Goldman argues that even if AIG was n’t bailed out , they would have collected most of their $ 12 b .
They may be correct , but I am skeptical .
To be clear , I am not accusing Goldman or anyone else of illegal activity or fraud .
But things seem very fishy .
Goldman is also a major government contractor , which means the Treasury Department pays Goldman millions for their expert advice on financial matters .
And Edward Liddy , who was appointed by Paulson to head up AIG , is a former director at Goldman .
How much more conflicted can the entire situation get ?
Mr. Liddy was officially only paid a $ 1 salary for his time at AIG , but he still owned roughly $ 3 million in Goldman Sachs stock .
This story is not a new one , by any means .
But most people I mention the “ conflict of interest ” tax - loophole to have n’t heard of it .
And I think it ’s especially interesting in light of everything that ’s happened since .
When you consider Goldman ’s continued dominance in Washington , it ’s downright disturbing .
Lloyd Blankfein for Treasury , anyone ?
Geithner seems doomed to be fired soon , and he ’s earned it in my opinion .
It only seems logical that they ’d select a new face from the same crowd to replace him .
Slightly off - topic rant
I really hope Obama wakes up and realizes that his economic team is a disaster .
These shenanigans and revolving doors between government and financial companies has to end .
And it needs to happen soon .
Obama ’s current team is trying to reflate and revive the bubble .
Tim Geithner , Larry Summers , and Ben Bernanke will not save us from this crisis .
They are exacerbating it , and played a major role in causing it .
One of Mr. Bernanke ’s central tenants is that a “ savings glut ” is the major cause of our problems .
Yes , that ’s right .
He actually believes that savings , not debt , are at the root of the problem .
The administration ’s economic beliefs have been discredited .
They obviously favor big banks over taxpayers and savers .
The inflation they are stoking now could be disastrous in a few years .
And the moral hazards are incalculable .
They are encouraging even more risk - taking and reckless lending , which will negatively affect our economy for decades .
But for now , banks can rest assured that they ’ll be bailed out in the future , regardless of risks they take and the bonuses they grant .
Personally , I am starting to regret not voting for Ron Paul .
He ’s not for everyone , and I do n’t agree with some of his positions .
But at least he would have shook things up , and made hard choices .
I ’m sure of that .
But now he ’s probably too old to run again , and looks sad in the recent interviews I ’ve seen .
That sucks .
The guy fought against reckless monetary policy for 30 + years .
Some people would be gloating , chanting I told you so in delight .
But Ron Paul is n’t gloating , he seems to think his efforts were n’t enough , that he failed .
That ’s a damn shame .
Maybe he will run again in 2012 , I hope he does .
He still seems sharp .
I still have some hope for Obama , whom I voted for and donated to .
But I ’m becoming disillusioned fast .
Geithner , Bernanke , Emanuel , and Larry Summers have got to go , ASAP .
Those guys are not economic change , no matter how you spin it .
My hosting woes are well documented .
Even celebrated in some circles .
All of that is in the past now that I have partnered with two intrepid Fancy Bastards to build a robust and reliable home for all things HijiNKS Ensue .
Alex and Josh , both long time HE readers , approached me last year about helping me out with my server needs and , while I wanted to take them up on it immediately , the prospect of moving all my sites , domains , databases , etc seemed a little too daunting .
I ’d finally had it up to here [ gestures to my forehead ] with Media Temple ( not nearly as evil as dick - eating - Bluehost , just not a good fit for my needs and WAY too expensive for a very weak server ) , so I got Alex and Josh on the emails and we layed out a plan for Server Migrationpalooza ’09 .
I ’ve spent the last 3 days elbow deep in file backups , database dumps ( thanks , Daniel ) and every other manner of terrifying hosting related thing you can imagine .
I emerged from my data - hole about 12 minutes ago exhausted and almost entirely victorious .
Alex and Josh have a Web Design and .NET App development company called Infinistorm and also provide a free photo and file sharing service called File Hurricane .
I strongly recommend both .
These guys have walked me through every aspect of moving 5 databases , a handful of domains and sub domains and all sorts of issues that I would n’t have been able to deal with myself .
They are geeks ’ geeks to be sure .
I ’m pretty excited about graduating to a “ big boy pants ” server .
There are a few changes , but you really should n’t notice them .
The Forum is now HERE and the Store is now HERE .
The Podcast will have a new home soon too .
If you see any broken images or anything on the site that appears to not be working , please email me .
It ’s likely that I missed a few files during the transfer .
VAULT UPDATE : I ’ll be posting the original ( bad version ) of the art for this comic and some early script ideas in RIGHT HERE in The Vault .
" We know that he worked in a dark room and that he was fascinated by mirrors , and he was living in Rome at a time when it was a hotbed of scientific inquiry .
" Might he have used this technique ?
It 's possible – his protector , Cardinal Del Monte , was also the protector of Galileo , and they were all fascinated by optics and the new physics . "
There are about 100 makeshift Jewish outposts in the West Bank Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says settlements in the occupied West Bank will be allowed to expand despite US objections .
Mr Netanyahu said no new settlements would be built , but natural growth in existing settlements should be allowed .
During Mr Netanyahu's visit to the US last week , President Barack Obama told him all settlement activity must end .
The US regards the Jewish settlements - home to some 280,000 Israelis - as obstacles to the peace process .
" I have no intention to construct new settlements , but it makes no sense to ask us not to answer to the needs of natural growth and to stop all construction , " a senior official quoted Mr Netanyahu as telling the Israeli cabinet .
" There is no way that we are going to tell people not to have children or to force young people to move away from their families , " he added .
Outposts ' will go '
However , Mr Netanyahu vowed to remove makeshift outposts in the West Bank that the Israeli government itself considers illegal .
" We will take care of them , if possible by dialogue , " he said .
" There is no doubt that we have committed ourselves to deal with them . "
The new Israeli cabinet largely opposes dismantling the outposts despite the fact that Israel agreed to it under the 2003 peace plan " roadmap " .
Before the cabinet meeting , Defence Minister Ehud Barak said they would take down 22 outposts .
Barack Obama pressed Mr Netanyahu on the two - state solution " The 22 ... have to be dealt with now in a responsible , appropriate manner , first of all , exhausting all efforts at dialogue and if that proves impossible , then unilaterally , using force if necessary , " he said .
Mr Netanyahu was briefing cabinet members on his Washington visit .
President Obama urged the Israeli leader to accept a Palestinian state and said Israel had an obligation under the 2003 agreement to stop Jewish settlement in the West Bank .
Mr Netanyahu told his ministers on Sunday that " clearly we need to have some reservations about a Palestinian state in a final status agreement ... when we reach an agreement on substance , we will reach agreement on terminology " .
It was the first time since his election that Mr Netanyahu has publicly used the words " Palestinian state " - but he stopped short of endorsing the idea .
" If we talk about a Palestinian state , we have to first and foremost verify what kind of sovereignty and rights this state will have .
We have to make sure that we are not threatened , " the official quoted the prime minister as saying .
Stumbling block Jewish settlements in the West Bank are one of the major stumbling blocks to a Middle East peace deal .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has said there is no point in meeting Mr Netanyahu unless he stops settlement construction and agrees to open talks on Palestinian independence .
Israel has sanctioned 121 settlements over the years and Jewish settlers have put up an estimated 100 outposts since the early 1990s .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Webmaster Level : AllAs a webmaster , you have a unique understanding of your web pages and the content they represent .
Google helps users find your page by showing them a small sample of that content -- the " snippet . "
We use a variety of techniques to create these snippets and give users relevant information about what they 'll find when they click through to visit your site .
Today , we 're announcing Rich Snippets , a new presentation of snippets that applies Google 's algorithms to highlight structured data embedded in web pages .
Rich Snippets give users convenient summary information about their search results at a glance .
We are currently supporting data about reviews and people .
When searching for a product or service , users can easily see reviews and ratings , and when searching for a person , they 'll get help distinguishing between people with the same name .
It 's a simple change to the display of search results , yet our experiments have shown that users find the new data valuable -- if they see useful and relevant information from the page , they are more likely to click through .
Now we 're beginning the process of opening up this successful experiment so that more websites can participate .
As a webmaster , you can help by annotating your pages with structured data in a standard format .
To display Rich Snippets , Google looks for markup formats ( microformats and RDFa ) that you can easily add to your own web pages .
In most cases , it 's as quick as wrapping the existing data on your web pages with some additional tags .
For example , here are a few relevant lines of the HTML from Yelp 's review page for " Drooling Dog BarBQ " before adding markup data : and now with microformats markup : or alternatively , use RDFa markup .
Either format works :
By incorporating standard annotations in your pages , you not only make your structured data available for Google 's search results , but also for any service or tool that supports the same standard .
As structured data becomes more widespread on the web , we expect to find many new applications for it , and we 're excited about the possibilities .
To ensure that this additional data is as helpful as possible to users , we 'll be rolling this feature out gradually , expanding coverage to more sites as we do more experiments and process feedback from webmasters .
We will make our best efforts to monitor and analyze whether individual websites are abusing this system : if we see abuse , we will respond accordingly .
To prepare your site for Rich Snippets and other benefits of structured data on the web , please see our documentation on structured data annotations .
Now , time for some Q&A with the team :
No .
We will be rolling this out gradually , and as always we will use our own algorithms and policies to determine relevant snippets for users ' queries .
We will use structured data when we are able to determine that it helps users find answers sooner .
And because you 're providing the data on your pages , you should anticipate that other websites and other tools ( browsers , phones ) might use this data as well .
You can let us know that you 're interested in participating by filling out this form
Not every microformat corresponds to data that 's useful to show in a search result , but we do plan to support more of the existing microformats and define RDFa equivalents .
We 'll be continuing experiments with new types ( beyond reviews and people ) and hope to announce support for more types in the future .
That was n't a question , but we 'll answer anyway .
For the purpose of getting data into snippets , we do n't need every bit of data : it simply would n't fit .
For example , a page that says it has " 497 reviews " of a product probably has data for 10 and links to the others .
Even if you could mark up all 497 blocks of data , there is no way we could fit it into a single snippet .
To make your part of this grand experiment easier , we have defined aggregate types where necessary : a review - aggregate can be used to summarize all the review information ( review count , average / min / max rating , etc . ) .
A lot of previous work on structured data has focused on debates around encoding .
Even within Google , we have advocates for microformat encoding , advocates for various RDF encodings , and advocates for our own encodings .
But after working on this Rich Snippets project for a while , we realized that structured data on the web can and should accommodate multiple encodings : we hope to emphasize this by accepting both microformat encoding and RDFa encoding .
Each encoding has its pluses and minuses , and the debate is a fine intellectual exercise , but it detracts from the real issues .
We do believe that it is important to have a common vocabulary : the language of object types , object properties , and property types that enable structured data to be understood by different applications .
We debated how to address this vocabulary problem , and concluded that we needed to make an investment .
Google will , working together with others , host a vocabulary that various Google services and other websites can use .
We are starting with a small list , which we hope to extend over time .
Wherever possible , we 'll simply reuse vocabulary that is in wide use : we support the pre-existing vCard and hReview types , and there are a variety of other types defined by various communities .
Sites that use Google Custom Search will be able to define their own types , which we will index and present to users in rich Custom Search results pages .
Finally , we encourage and expect this space to evolve based on new ideas from the structured data community .
We 'll notice and reach out when our crawlers pick up new types that are getting broad use .
Check out our update on Rich Snippets
In the wake of stress tests
Banks move to shake off government restrictions
By Andre Damon
12 May 2009
Following last week 's release of the Obama Administration 's bank “ stress test ” results , several banks have moved to quickly repay money loaned to them by the government and to raise the capital required by regulators .
The goal in every case is to dump any restrictions associated with government intervention and get back to the business of unbridled speculation .
The stress tests paint a much rosier picture of the banking system than previous estimates , in part by denying that the banks are holding significant amounts of bad assets on their books .
The Federal Reserve , which conducted the tests , said that 9 out of the 19 banks reviewed were completely healthy and would not be required to take any action to prevent losses .
The remaining banks were ordered to raise $ 75 billion in capital .
The banks have another month to announce how they will respond to the program , and another five months to implement the government 's requirements .
The administration said that it will inject further capital into any bank that does not raise the amounts required by the end of that period .
The sums required by the government are minuscule compared to the trillions of dollars of credit losses already incurred , but not acknowledged , by the Wall Street .
Moreover , the Obama administration has introduced new loopholes designed to allow banks to avoid raising even these small amounts .
According to the Financial Times , lenders were told by the government that they would not have to raise the capital mandated by the program if their earnings for the year proved better than expected .
Given the relaxing of rules on earnings reporting and the strong first - quarter profits shown by the banks , such an outcome is beginning to look less unlikely .
Banks have moved quickly to take advantage of the government 's leniency .
Most prominently , Wells Fargo , which was estimated to require an additional $ 13.7 billion in additional capital , immediately issued and sold $ 7.5 billion in new stock and said it would raise the balance through profits by November .
It also said that it plans to repay the $ 25 billion lent to it by the US government " as soon as practical . "
Wells Fargo had a significantly larger capital gap than other undercapitalized banks .
Citigroup and Morgan Stanley , which were instructed to raise $ 5.5 billion and $ 1.8 billion , respectively , already announced that they would issue enough stock to cover their requirements .
The banks that regulators said were adequately capitalized , meanwhile , have moved to shake off any further government oversight by paying back their TARP funds .
Three of the nine banks given a clean bill of health by the Fed , Capital One Financial , US Bancorp , and BB&T , said on Monday they would raise a combined $ 7.55 billion through the issue of new shares to pay back loans made to them by the government .
Since these loans came with certain minimum requirements on capital holdings , types of permissible investments , and executive compensation , banks have sought to repay their TARP loans as rapidly as possible .
The essential purpose of the stress tests was to present the US banking system in the best possible light .
Far from presenting an objective and impartial analysis of the situation facing banks , it represents an attempt to obscure the extent of losses and minimize as much as possible government oversight of the banking system .
In fact , the government was negotiating with the banks over what figures to report in the run-up to the figures ' release .
Press reports indicate that the banks were allowed to bargain down the amount of capital they would be required to raise .
Bank of America , for instance , was initially told to raise over $ 50 billion , before pressuring the Fed and the Treasury and getting the figure reduced to $ 33.9 billion .
Similar ratcheting down took place at many other banks .
The stress tests concluded that , in the worst - case scenario , banks might stand to lose $ 600 billion by the end of 2010 , and that these losses would be compensated for by earnings if the banks were able to raise the additional capital mandated by the government .
The results sharply contradict the analysis made by the International Monetary Fund , which concludes that the US banking system was essentially insolvent , and that banks were holding some $ 2.7 trillion in bad assets on their balance sheets .
The methodology used by the tests is highly dubious , to say the least .
The stress tests provide for two possible scenarios , one normal and one “ adverse . ”
But the basic indicators of economic activity have so far been far worse than those envisioned in either of the two outcomes .
For example , the “ adverse ” scenario assumes the unemployment rate will reach 8.9 percent by the end of the year .
But the real unemployment rate hit that level last month , and has shown no signs of slowing down .
The stress test maneuver insures a further payout for Wall Street regardless of how banks fare in the future .
If the current upturn in bank profits continues , the banks will be free to return to unbridled speculation with no additional restrictions by the government .
If bank profits suffer , all the resources of the Treasury will be put at Wall Street 's disposal by the Obama administration .
After the public furor over the granting of multimillion - dollar executive bonuses at AIG , the banks have sought to extricate themselves from any obligations to the government , while operating with the explicit understanding that the Treasury will pick up the tab for any further losses they incur .
“ Adherence to our values distinguishes us from our enemy . ” – General David Petraeus in an open letter to his troops warning against the use of torture .
Marc A. Thiessen , a former speech writer , not an intelligence expert writes a pants on fire lie in the Washington Post , The CIA ’s Questioning Worked
Specifically , interrogation with enhanced techniques “ led to the discovery of a KSM plot , the ‘ Second Wave , ’ ‘ to use East Asian operatives to crash a hijacked airliner into ’ a building in Los Angeles . ”
KSM later acknowledged before a military commission at Guantanamo Bay that the target was the Library Tower , the tallest building on the West Coast .
The memo explains that “ information obtained from KSM also led to the capture of Riduan bin Isomuddin , better known as Hambali , and the discovery of the Guraba Cell , a 17 - member Jemmah Islamiyah cell tasked with executing the ‘ Second Wave . ’ “ In other words , without enhanced interrogations , there could be a hole in the ground in Los Angeles to match the one in New York .
Let ’s remember that those memos referred to by a former member of the Bush administration were written by OLC lawyers that from 2002 to 2005 were writing what turned out to be reactive legal justification for programs of torture that had already started .
Thiessen is not using facts to justify his assertions , but opinions about how to circumvent the law .
Theissen and one of those black helicopter right - wing conspiracy sites called CNS News are also either lying or willfully ignorant of the timeline of the so - called Library Tower plots and information obtained from Khalid Sheik Mohammed ( KSM ) , CIA Confirms : Waterboarding 9/11 Mastermind Led to Info that Aborted 9/11 - Style Attack on Los Angeles
The Central Intelligence Agency told CNSNews.com today that it stands by the assertion made in a May 30 , 2005 Justice Department memo that the use of “ enhanced techniques ” of interrogation on al Qaeda leader Khalid Sheik Mohammed ( KSM ) — including the use of waterboarding — caused KSM to reveal information that allowed the U.S. government to thwart a planned attack on Los Angeles .
Who knows what CIA CNSNews talked to , the CIA of Bizarroworld perhaps .
Water - Bored Al - Qaida ’s plot to bomb the Library Tower was not worth torturing anyone over
What clinches the falsity of Thiessen ’s claim , however ( and that of the memo he cites , and that of an unnamed Central Intelligence Agency spokesman who today seconded Thessen ’s argument ) is chronology .
In a White House press briefing , Bush ’s counterterrorism chief , Frances Fragos Townsend , told reporters that the cell leader was arrested in February 2002 , and “ at that point , the other members of the cell ” ( later arrested ) “ believed that the West Coast plot has been canceled , was not going forward ” [ italics mine ] .
A subsequent fact sheet released by the Bush White House states , “ In 2002 , we broke up [ italics mine ] a plot by KSM to hijack an airplane and fly it into the tallest building on the West Coast . ”
These two statements make clear that however far the plot to attack the Library Tower ever got — an unnamed senior FBI official would later tell the Los Angeles Times that Bush ’s characterization of it as a “ disrupted plot ” was “ ludicrous ” — that plot was foiled in 2002 .
But Sheikh Mohammed was n’t captured until March 2003 .
Pretty amazing feat by the Bush administration , CNSNews ( and the dictation taking parrots on dozens of right - wing blogs today – the Google search link above is testament to the uncritical gullibility of the Right and their contempt for any facts that interfere with their Agent Jack Bauer fantasies ) .
They claim to have broken up a plot by using torture on a guy that was not even in U.S. custody when said plot was being developed .
Fast and Easy with the LA Terrorist Plot
“ We now know that in October 2001 Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the mastermind of the September the 11th attacks , had already set in motion a plan to have terrorist operatives hijack an airplane using shoe bombs to breach the cockpit door and fly the plane into the tallest building on the West coast .
We believe the intended target was Liberty Tower in Los Angeles , California . ”
If Bush learned of this plot in 2001 , he could not have done so from MLK who was captured and first questioned without torture in March 2003 .
For the Library Tower plot to be percived as the serious planning the Bushies would have us believe you have to over look some large gaps in logic in addition to the new and very convenient timeline .
We and the world knows from Flight 93 that once the passengers know a plot is underway they are not going to let the plot proceed and they are going to use their cell phones to alert authorities .
Then we have to believe that al Qaeda was very confident in the consequences of using a shoe bomb to blow open the doors to a jet cockpit .
Some how the bombs would not down the jet and would also leave the flight instruments intact enough to use to fly the plane to its target .
It also happens that after shoe bomber Richard Reid made his attempt at blowing up a plane , shoe inspections started in 2001 .
Scope of Los Angeles Terror Plot Remains Murky ( The Library Plot and other tales suddenly began to appear after published reports of Bush circumventing FISA courts for domestic spying )
But Micheal Scheuer , who was the leading al - Qaida expert in the CIA ’s counter - terrorism center in 2002 , says he is not aware of any such serious threat against the West Coast in 2002 .
As the man in the CIA who knew more about Osama bin Laden and al - Qaida than perhaps any other agency officer , he says it is unlikely that he would not have been kept informed on such a plot .
“ It could be that it was very closely held , but I think that ’s unlikely , ” he said .
“ It could be just a function of my failing memory .
But this does n’t sound like anything that I would recall as a major threat , or as a major success in stopping it . ”
Scheuer , who has periodically attacked government anti-terrorist efforts as ineffective , says the plot was in all likelihood never considered serious enough to pay any real attention to it .
“ My impression of what the president said is that they – the National Security Council – have culled through information to look for something that resembled a serious threat in 2002 , ” he said .
“ It does n’t strike me , either as someone who was there or as someone who has followed al - Qaida pretty closely , that this was really a serious sort of effort .
Just on the face of this , it sounds to me like it might well have been a threat that was reported , but not one that at the time was taken all that seriously . ”
The 9/11 commission says Khalid Sheik Mohammed , who was captured in Pakistan in 2003 , told interrogators that he was too busy with the September 11th planning to plan the second wave of attacks .
However serious the plan really was , security sources say it was completely compromised in 2002 with the arrest of Zaini Zakaria , a Malaysian who had been recruited to be one of the suicide pilots .
Zakaria backed out of the plan after the 9/11 attacks and , sources say , remains in custody in Malaysia for his links to Jemaah Islamiyah , a Southeast Asian group in sympathy with al - Qaida .
Any actionable intelligence and the viability of the Library Tower plot itself likely came from Zaini Zakaria , not from MLK .
Since MLK was waterboarded 183 times , he likely did what most intelligence experts predicted about the use of torture .
He told them anything and everthing he could think of to get the torture to stop .
Where did the Bush administration and those pro torture elements in the CIA get the idea to use torture , Harsh Tactics Readied Before Their Approval
The military ’s Joint Personnel Recovery Agency ( JPRA ) has been reported to have reverse - engineered these methods to break al - Qaeda prisoners .
The techniques , including waterboarding , or simulated drowning , were drawn from the methods used by Chinese Communists to coerce confessions from U.S. soldiers during the Korean War –– a lineage that one instructor appeared to readily acknowledge .
“ We can provide the ability to exploit personnel based on how our enemies have done this type of thing over the last five decades , ” Joseph Witsch wrote in a July 2002 memo .
The report shows Pentagon officials reaching out to the military agency for advice on interrogations as early as December 2001 and finding some specialists eager to help .
By late 2001 , counterterrorism officials were becoming frustrated by the paucity of useful leads coming from interrogations — a meager showing that was linked , according to one Army major , to interrogators ’ insistence on “ establishing a link between al - Qaeda and Iraq , ” the report said .
The communists , who the Right claims are evil , but fully embrace the way communists conduct their interrogation techniques .
And not to stop plots , but to get subjects of torture to manufacture evidence of a link between Iraq and al - Qaeda .
Bush and neocon supporters have a lot riding on rationalizing torture , illegalal wire tapping ; most notabiliy the legendary Iraq and al - Qaeda .
In addition to the legal ramifications for administration officials .
If torture is oppressive , illegalal and immoral when the Chinese do it , and it is , then the same applies to those that supported the Bush / Cheney agenda .
Intelligence Chief Says Methods Hurt U.S .
Blair , Obama ’s appointee to oversee the 16 U.S. intelligence agencies , summarized in the statement an assessment he gave his staff in a memo last week , according to U.S. officials familiar with the document .
Blair is a participant in a White House - ordered review of CIA interrogation methods used on high - value terrorism suspects between 2002 and 2006 .
“ The bottom line is these techniques have hurt our image around the world , ” Blair said in the statement .
“ The damage they have done to our interests far outweighed whatever benefit they gave us and they are not essential to our national security . ” [ ]
… For example , interrogations of Zayn al - Abidin Muhammed Hussein , or Abu Zubaida , the CIA ’s first high - value detainee , helped its officials understand links between terrorist groups but did not lead directly to the disruption of al - Qaeda plots , according to former intelligence officials with access to intelligence reports .
Many of the leads he provided were obtained before harsh methods were applied , the officials said .
While I ’m not a big fan of Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair , the Right has already begun to cherry pick some of what he has said to cover for illegal actions taken by the Bush White House , Kristol falsely suggested DNI Blair supports torture techniques
On Special Report , Bill Kristol falsely suggested that Dennis Blair supports the harsh interrogation techniques outlined in Bush administration memos , while President Obama has “ repudiated the use of them . ” [ ]
… Similarly , in an April 21 article , The New York Times reported that in a written statement , Blair said : “ The bottom line is these techniques have hurt our image around the world , the damage they have done to our interests far outweighed whatever benefit they gave us and they are not essential to our national security . ”
This is from the same article in which Blair , an intelligence insider defended CIA operatives that he thought acted in good faith .
It might be a waste of time in the pratical sense to prosecute low elevel opratives that acted in good faith , but we know that torture began even before those memos by Bybee and Bradley with their convoluted legal arguments , so some operatives did not act in good faith based on White House legal arguments .
Those that relied on legal assurnces from their White House bosses might have a case for mitigating their punshiment or perhaps testifying with some kind of immunity ,
Robert Jackson , U.S. Attorney General and Chief Prosecutor at Nuremberg , Closing Address
The movement is much diminished from four years ago under President George W. Bush , when Supreme Court vacancies last arose and conservatives marshaled their forces to champion his nominees .
( Judge Richard Posner , a prominent Reagan appointee , wrote recently that the conservative movement suffers from “ intellectual deterioration . ” )
Republicans have lost control of the White House and Congress , have no clear party leader and have received low approval ratings .
And some leading groups are having budget woes .
Focus on the Family , a Colorado - based evangelical group led by the semi-retired James C. Dobson , rallied social conservatives in support of Mr. Bush ’s judicial nominees , but it recently cut more than 200 jobs .
The conservative movement is sharing its resources as it prepares for the nomination .
The Judicial Action Group , founded in 2006 and based in Alabama , has organized a research network  dubbed the Supreme Court Review Committee  of about 15 “ pro-family ministries ” and conservative legal groups , said Phillip Jauregui , president of the group .
Legal analysts with liberal groups , which have also set up a shared research pool , said they were confident that any effort to cherry - pick cases to portray an Obama nominee as radical would fail .
“ I think the mood and the politics of the country have passed them by , ” said Nan Aron , the president of one of the groups , the Alliance for Justice .
“ It ’s not going to work . ”
Leaders of both factions say they expect Mr. Obama to appoint a woman .
While conservatives have gathered files on three dozen people , for example , all 10 for whom they have made one - page summaries are women : Judge Sotomayor , Judge Wood , Johnnie Rawlinson , Kim Wardlaw and Ann Williams , all federal appellate judges ; Martha Vasquez , a federal district judge ; Solicitor General Elena Kagan ; Beth Brinkmann , a former assistant solicitor general ; Leah Ward Sears of the Georgia Supreme Court ; and Ms. Sullivan , of Stanford .
Those summaries suggest that conservatives find some potential picks to be less objectionable than others .
The memorandum on Judge Wardlaw , for example , approvingly notes cases in which she voted to deny an appeal in a death penalty case , to allow a city to display a Ten Commandments monument , and to allow a police force to fire an officer who sold sexually explicit videos of himself and claimed to be protected by the First Amendment .
Former world champion Fernando Alonso has had an inconsistent season so far
Renault are the latest high - profile team threatening to quit Formula 1 unless proposals to adopt a £ 40 m budget cap in 2010 are shelved .
On Tuesday , Ferrari joined Toyota and Red Bull in declaring their intention to pull out of F1 because of the plans .
And Renault boss Flavio Briatore said : " If the decisions are not revised , we have no choice but to withdraw from the world championship at the end of 2009 . "
Ferrari , meanwhile , say they will race in other series if they quit the sport .
" If it really was like that , then I have to say that our cars will race in other competitions , where - and I am absolutely convinced about that - they will find the enthusiasm and the passion of millions of fans , " said Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo .
" Racing is part of Ferrari 's DNA and this is something that will never change . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Reports have speculated that the Italian team might set up a rival series , compete in the United States , or enter cars in the Le Mans 24 hour race .
And Ferrari driver Felipe Massa insists the team would make a success of a change of series , saying : " Since I was a child , Ferrari has been the synonym for racing for me .
" That 's why I 'm convinced that even if the Scuderia is forced to leave F1 , there will be other competitions where it will be possible to admire the Reds on the track .
" I understand why the company has got to this point .
The idea of having a championship with two velocities , with cars , which for example are allowed to have flexible wings or an engine without a rev limiter , is absurd . "
The FIA , the sport 's governing body , want an optional £ 40 m budget cap in order to encourage new teams to enter .
The plan would allow capped teams to operate with far greater technical freedom than those continuing with unlimited budgets .
ANDREW BENSON BLOG
Usually , the way these things play out is predictable ... but this time it might be different .
However , big teams fear the rules will effectively split F1 into two tiers , those that can live with the cap and enjoy the technical advantages and those that cannot .
It is understood a flexible rear wing alone , currently outlawed but available to a team next season working within the cap , could lead to a car being two seconds per lap quicker than those without .
" Renault has always considered Formula One as the pinnacle of motor sport and the perfect stage to demonstrate technical excellence , " Renault F1 team president Bernard Rey said in a statement .
" We remain committed to the sport .
" However , we can not be involved in a championship operating with different sets of rules and , if such rules are put into effect , we will be forced to pull out at the end of this season . "
The FIA refused to be drawn into a public discussion following Ferrari 's threat to quit the sport .
Renault believes it is paramount that the governance of the sport is co-ordinated with a spirit of consultation with all parties in order to achieve a better balance between the costs and the revenues
Renault statement " We have nothing to add to the letter sent to Ferrari on 29 April , " said an FIA spokesman , referring to a letter sent to Montezemolo in which FIA president Max Mosley rejected the team 's complaints about the budget cap .
However , it is thought the teams will discuss the plans with Mosley in London on Friday .
And sure to also be on the agenda is the teams ' apparent unhappiness at what they see as the FIA 's failure to discuss the rule changes with all the teams .
The Renault statement continued : " There is frustration FOTA 's ( Formula One Teams ' Association ) constructive proposals , including major cost - saving measures to be adopted progressively between 2009 and 2012 , which were carefully constructed by FOTA members , have been completely ignored without any form of consultation by the FIA with the teams .
" It should be stressed that Fota has set the same , if not lower , financial objective as the FIA but Renault strongly believes that this must be introduced through a different procedure agreed by all parties .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Renault also believes it is paramount that the governance of the sport is co-ordinated with a spirit of consultation with all parties in order to achieve a better balance between the costs and the revenues .
" Renault is also of the firm view that all entrants in the world championship must adhere to and operate under the same regulations . "
BBC F1 correspondent David Croft reports that Renault 's announcement underlines the unhappiness felt by the teams surrounding the proposal .
" Whilst not on the scale of the Ferrari announcement yesterday , this is another indication of just how deep the dissatisfaction runs currently within the F1 teams - not just of the proposals but the way they 've been introduced , " he said .
" The entries for next season open on 22 May and lasts for seven days - as it stands , Renault , Ferrari , Red Bull and Toyota could all be missing when the season begins next March . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
April 28 , 2009
Many people react with incredulity when the assertion is made that the so - called swine flu outbreak in Mexico may be manufactured crisis .
And yet history is replete with examples of government using biological and chemical agents for political purpose .
As a primary example , consider the CIA ’s secret war against Cuba and Fidel Castro .
The CIA used chemical agents and toxins then stockpiled at Fort Detrick against Cuba and Fidel Castro .
In 1975 , the Church Committee revealed a CIA memorandum listing deadly chemical agents and toxins then stockpiled at Fort Detrick .
“ These included anthrax , encephalitis , tuberculosis , lethal snake venom , shellfish toxin , and half a dozen lethal food poisons , some of which , the committee learned , had been shipped in the early 1960s to Congo and to Cuba in unsuccessful CIA attempts to assassinate Patrice Lumumba and Fidel Castro , ” write Ellen Ray and William H. Schaap ( Bioterror : Manufacturing Wars the American Way , Ocean Press , 2003 , p. vii ) .
Schaap cites the work of Dr. Marc Lappé ( Chemical and Biological Warfare : The Science of Public Death , Student Research Facility for East Bay Women for Peace and Science Students for Social Responsibility , 1969 ) , who claims that the U.S. Army had a biological warfare agent prepared for use against Cuba at the time of the Missile Crisis in 1962 , mostly likely Q fever ( Coxiella burnetii , a bacterium that affects both humans and animals ) .
In 1977 , a Washington Post report confirmed that during this time the CIA maintained an “ anticrop warfare ” program .
In regard to swine flu , the San Francisco Chronicle reported on January 10 , 1977 , that CIA “ operatives linked to anti-Castro terrorists introduced African swine fever virus into Cuba in 1971 . ”
The outbreak , the first time the disease hit the Western Hemisphere , was labeled the “ most alarming event ” of 1971 by the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organization .
Cuba reacted to outbreak by slaughtering 500,000 pigs .
An intelligence source told the newspaper “ that early in 1971 he was given the virus in a sealed , unmarked container at Ft. Gulick , an Army base in the Panama Canal Zone .
The CIA also operates a paramilitary training center for career personnel and mercenaries at Ft. Gulick . ”
The source said he was given instructions to turn the container with the virus over to members of an anti-Castro group .
[ efoods ]
In 1980 , described as “ the year of the plagues ” by Schaap , “ Cuba was beset with disasters .
Another African swine fever epidemic hit ; the tobacco crop was decimated by blue mold ; and the sugarcane crops were hit with a particularly damaging rust disease . ”
By 1981 , the Cuban population was targeted with hemorrhagic dengue fever , a devastating disease transmitted by mosquitoes .
“ From May to October 1981 there were well over 300,000 reported cases , with 158 fatalities , 101 involving children under 15 .
At the peak of the epidemic , in early July , more than 10,000 cases per day were being reported .
More than a third of the reported victims required hospitalization .
By mid-October , after a massive campaign to eradicate Aedes aegypti [ mosquito ] , the epidemic was over , ” writes Schaap .
“ The history of the secret war against Cuba and the virulence of this dengue epidemic were enough to generate serious suspicions that the United States had a hand in the dengue epidemic of 1981 .
But there is much more support for those suspicions than a healthy distrust of U.S. intentions regarding Cuba . ”
After interviewing officials from the Pan American Health Organization and of the Cuban Ministry of Public Health , Schaap states that he believes the “ epidemic was artificially induced . ”
The epidemic began with the simultaneous discovery in May 1981 of three cases of hemorrhagic dengue caused by a type 2 virus .
The cases arose in three widely separated parts of Cuba : Cienfuegos , Camagiiey , and Havana .
It is extremely unusual that such an epidemic would commence in three different localities at once .
None of the initial victims had ever traveled out of the country ; for that matter , none of them had recently been away from home .
None had had recent contact with international travelers .
Moreover , a study of persons arriving in Cuba in the month of May from known dengue areas found only a dozen such passengers ( from Vietnam and Laos ) , all of whom were checked by the Institute of Tropical Medicine and found free of the disease .
Somehow , infected mosquitoes had appeared in three provinces of Cuba at the same time .
Somehow , the fever spread at an astonishing rate .
There appears to be no other explanation but the artificial introduction of infected mosquitoes .
Researchers believe the Mexican swine flu outbreak may also be “ artificially induced . ”
First , the Mexican outbreak occurred outside of the normal flu season ( influenza usually obeys a regularly re-occurring time period – in temperate climate zones , the flu season will typically begin in the late fall and peak in mid- to late winter , while in tropical zones flu seasons appear to be less pronounced , with year - round isolation of the virus ) .
Second , the genetic makeup of the fast - spreading H1N1 strain of influenza — including genetic elements from bird flu , swine flu and human flu covering three continents — appears to be man-made .
“ What seems suspicious to me is the hybrid origin of the viral fragments found in H1N1 influenza , ” writes Mike Adams .
These viral fragments include human influenza , bird flu from North America , and swine flu from Europe and Asia .
This is rather astonishing to realize , because for this to have been a natural combination of viral fragments , it means an infected bird from North America would have had to infect pigs in Europe , then be re-infected by those some pigs with an unlikely cross-species mutation that allowed the bird to carry it again , then that bird would have had to fly to Asia and infected pigs there , and those Asian pigs then mutated the virus once again ( while preserving the European swine and bird flu elements ) to become human transmittable , and then a human would have had to catch that virus from the Asian pigs — in Mexico ! — and spread it to others .
At present , there is little evidence the virus was created in a U.S. lab and deliberately unleashed on an unsuspecting Mexican public .
However , there is plenty of evidence the U.S. military and the CIA have used biological agents in the past , including “ tests ” on the American people .
“ More than 200 experiments were carried out in U.S. rural areas to test the spread of non-lethal germs , ” writes Joe Allen .
“ These tests were also carried out in San Francisco in 1950 and in New York in 1966 .
While the cover for these tests was to study a ‘ defense ’ against biochemical warfare , U.S. war planners wanted this knowledge for offensive use against an enemy population , ” for instance livestock and people in Cuba , as mentioned above .
At the height of Cold War insanity , the U.S. government gave a free hand for its scientists to experiment on anything that could possibly further its military prowess .
The CIA experimented with LSD for “ mind control . ”
At Fort Detrick , scientists studied the possibility of spreading yellow fever and plague with insects .
Anti-crop bombs were built for the United States Air Force to be used in the Third World .
It appears this insanity did not stop with the Cold War .
Last week , the Frederick News Post reported Army criminal investigators are looking into the possibility that disease samples are missing from biolabs at Fort Detrick .
Finally , investigative journalist Wayne Madsen has reported that “ a top scientist for the United Nations , who has examined the outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus in Africa , as well as HIV / AIDS victims , [ and ] concluded that H1N1 possesses certain transmission ‘ vectors ’ that suggest that the new flu strain has been genetically - manufactured as a military biological warfare weapon .
The UN expert believes that Ebola , HIV / AIDS , and the current A - H1N1 swine flu virus are biological warfare agents . ”
Again , at this time , there is no definitive evidence indicating the Mexican virus is a bioweapon .
However , there is plenty of factual evidence pointing to the fact the U.S. government ( and other governments ) have developed biological weapons and have used them against target populations .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This is a lesson in reading the notes .
Begin with
Carter , Susan B. , “ Labor force , employment , and unemployment : 1890 –1990 . ”
Table Ba470-477 in Historical Statistics of the United States , Earliest Times to the Present : Millennial Edition , edited by Susan B. Carter , Scott Sigmund Gartner , Michael R. Haines , Alan L. Olmstead , Richard Sutch , and Gavin Wright .
New York : Cambridge University Press , 2006 .
Read the footnotes !
Then have a look at
Weir , David R. “ A Century of U.S. Unemployment , 1890 - 1990 : Revised Estimates and Evidence for Stabilization . ”
Research in Economic History 14 ( 1992 ) : 301-346 .
And , well , you could stop right there , but that would be missing the fun .
But inasmuch as neither of these sources is easy to get hold of , let me explain why this is such a fun topic .
Used to be , the unemployment series for the 1930s looked like this :
This is from a series constructed by the distinguished economist Stanley Lebergott in 1964.1
And wow , that looks bad , does n’t it ?
The recession of 1937 - 38 almost completely wipes out any gains of the previous few years .
It ’s almost as if the New Deal did n’t do anything for anyone , much .
A lot of people looked at these numbers without reading the notes on how they were constructed and concluded just that .
Then in 1976 , an economist named Michael R. Darby wrote an article with the delightfully self - explanatory title , “ Three - and - a - Half Million U.S. Employees Have Been Mislaid . ” 2
What Darby did , you see , was read the notes .
Here ’s what Lebergott had to say about counting unemployment in the 1930s :
These estimates for the years prior to 1940 are intended to measure the number of persons who are totally unemployed , having no work at all .
For the 1930 ’s this concept , however , does include one large group of persons who had both work and income from work — those on emergency work .
In the United States we are concerned with measuring lack of regular work and do not minimize the total by excluding persons with made work or emergency jobs .
This contrasts sharply , for example , with the German practice during the 1930 ’s when persons in the labor - force camps were classed as employed , and Soviet practice which includes employment in labor camps , if it includes it at all , as employment .
3
Did you catch that ?
People who painted murals for the WPA fall into the same category as internees in Mauthausen or the gulag .
So they count as unemployed !
One could say a few things about that .
(1) Wow , that ’s a lot of ideology to cram into a single data series ;
( 2 ) if you ’re using the unemployment data to answer the question , “ did the New Deal help people , ” then this data set is going to give you the wrong answer , because it ’s going to show people suffering unemployment who in real life had a job , as Lebergott says ;
( 3 ) but what if people in emergency work acted like the unemployed — i.e. , they were looking for a job and
( 4 ) what about the “ real ” economy — the private industrial economy — how did it do ?
Now , as it happens it looks like the answer to ( 3 ) is , mainly they did n’t — people who had an emergency job acted like they had a job ( perhaps because they had a job ) and probably should n’t count as unemployed .
4
And if you do n’t count these people who held jobs as unemployed , you get a different picture of unemployment in the 1930s .
Below , a graph showing the same series as the above , then a new series — from Weir ’s table D3 , which also appears in Historical Statistics of the United States — that counts only people without jobs as unemployed .
Now , if you look at that , you might think wow , the Depression was really bad , but the New Deal really helped .
Weir also said , if you ’re worried about item ( 4 ) — if you want to look only at the “ real ” economy , i.e. , private nonfarm jobs — I ’ll make it possible for you to do that too , constructing a series of private nonfarm unemployment and leaving the government out of it entirely .
If we add that to our graph , we get this :
So again , here , we see significant improvement under the New Deal .
Now , if faced with these alternatives , you chose data based on Lebergott ’s assumptions , you would be presenting the data that showed the New Deal in the worst possible light , would n’t you .
1Stanley Lebergott , Manpower in Economic Growth : The American Record since 1800 ( New York : McGraw - Hill , 1964 ) , table A - 3 .
2 Michael R. Darby , “ Three - and - a - Half Million U.S. Employees Have Been Mislaid : Or , an Explanation of Unemployment , 1934 - 1941 , ” Journal of Political Economy 84 , no .
1 ( February 1976 ) : 1 -16 .
3 Cited in Darby , 3 ; Lebergott , 184-5 .
4 Robert A. Margo , “ The Microeconomics of Depression Unemployment , ” NBER Working Paper no.
18 , December 1990 .
An analysis of the stream flow data for 925 of the world ’s largest rivers over the last 56 years has found that rivers in some of the most populated regions are losing water .
The authors of the study suggest that the reduced flow is linked to climate change , and say that it could put water and food supplies in jeopardy in the future .
The scientists , from the National Center for Atmospheric Research , examined stream flow from 1948 to 2004 and found significant changes in about a third of Earth ’s largest rivers .
Some of the rivers actually increased flow , but the losers outnumbered the gainers by a 2.5 to 1 margin .
The Colorado , Niger , Yellow , and the Ganges rivers , all serving large populations , were among those found to be channeling less water .
“ Reduced runoff is increasing the pressure on freshwater resources in much of the world , especially with more demand for water as population increases .
Freshwater being a vital resource , the downward trends are a great concern . ” – NCAR scientist Aiguo Dai , lead author
Among the factors affecting river discharge are dams and agricultural and industrial diversion of water , but the researchers found that in many cases , the reduced flows appear to be related to climate change .
The altered precipitation patterns and increased evaporation rate from an increase in average temperatures contribute to increased drought conditions .
The impact on future water and food supplies may be severe in the affected areas .
“ As climate change inevitably continues in coming decades , we are likely to see greater impacts on many rivers and water resources that society has come to rely on . ” – NCAR scientist Kevin Trenberth , co-author
The study found that from the years 1948 to 2004 , the annual freshwater discharge into the Pacific dropped by around 6 % , and the annual flow into the Indian Ocean fell by 3 % , but the annual river discharge into the Arctic Ocean rose by about 10 % .
In the U.S. , the flow of the Columbia River dropped by about 14 % due to reduced precipitation and high water usage , while the Mississippi River ’s flow has increased by 22 % over the same period .
Other concerns were raised by the study , such as the effect that reduced freshwater flow can have on the ocean ’s circulation patterns , which also affects climate regulation .
The lead author says that although the changes in stream flow appear relatively small and may only impact the areas around the mouth of the rivers right now , monitoring of these freshwater flows is necessary to measure long term changes .
The rivers analyzed in the study account for 73 % of the world ’s total stream flow , and drain water from every major landmass except Antarctica and Greenland .
The results will be published on May 15 in the American Meteorological Society ’s Journal of Climate .
Dick Cheney delivers remarks Thursday in rebuttal to Barack Obama 's speech about detainee policy .
Full transcript : Dick Cheney 's speech
Thank you all very much , and Arthur , thank you for that introduction .
It ’s good to be back at AEI [ American Enterprise Institute ] , where we have many friends .
Lynne is one of your longtime scholars , and I ’m looking forward to spending more time here myself as a returning trustee .
What happened was , they were looking for a new member of the board of trustees , and they asked me to head up the search committee .
I first came to AEI after serving at the Pentagon , and departed only after a very interesting job offer came along .
I had no expectation of returning to public life , but my career worked out a little differently .
Those eight years as vice president were quite a journey , and during a time of big events and great decisions , I do n’t think I missed much .
Advertisement
Being the first vice president who had also served as secretary of defense , naturally my duties tended toward national security .
I focused on those challenges day to day , mostly free from the usual political distractions .
I had the advantage of being a vice president content with the responsibilities I had , and going about my work with no higher ambition .
Today , I ’m an even freer man .
Your kind invitation brings me here as a private citizen – a career in politics behind me , no elections to win or lose , and no favor to seek .
The responsibilities we carried belong to others now .
And though I ’m not here to speak for George W. Bush , I am certain that no one wishes the current administration more success in defending the country than we do .
We understand the complexities of national security decisions .
We understand the pressures that confront a president and his advisers .
Above all , we know what is at stake .
And though administrations and policies have changed , the stakes for America have not changed .
Right now there is considerable debate in this city about the measures our administration took to defend the American people .
Today I want to set forth the strategic thinking behind our policies .
I do so as one who was there every day of the Bush Administration –who supported the policies when they were made , and without hesitation would do so again in the same circumstances .
When President Obama makes wise decisions , as I believe he has done in some respects on Afghanistan , and in reversing his plan to release incendiary photos , he deserves our support .
And when he faults or mischaracterizes the national security decisions we made in the Bush years , he deserves an answer .
The point is not to look backward .
Now and for years to come , a lot rides on our President ’s understanding of the security policies that preceded him .
And whatever choices he makes concerning the defense of this country , those choices should not be based on slogans and campaign rhetoric , but on a truthful telling of history .
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
Our administration always faced its share of criticism , and from some quarters it was always intense .
That was especially so in the later years of our term , when the dangers were as serious as ever , but the sense of general alarm after September 11th , 2001 was a fading memory .
Part of our responsibility , as we saw it , was not to forget the terrible harm that had been done to America … and not to let 9/11 become the prelude to something much bigger and far worse .
That attack itself was , of course , the most devastating strike in a series of terrorist plots carried out against Americans at home and abroad .
In 1993 , terrorists bombed the World Trade Center , hoping to bring down the towers with a blast from below .
The attacks continued in 1995 , with the bombing of U.S. facilities in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia ; the killing of servicemen at Khobar Towers in 1996 ; the attack on our embassies in East Africa in 1998 ; the murder of American sailors on the USS Cole in 2000 ; and then the hijackings of 9/11 , and all the grief and loss we suffered on that day .
Nine - eleven caused everyone to take a serious second look at threats that had been gathering for a while , and enemies whose plans were getting bolder and more sophisticated .
Throughout the 90s , America had responded to these attacks , if at all , on an ad hoc basis .
The first attack on the World Trade Center was treated as a law enforcement problem , with everything handled after the fact – crime scene , arrests , indictments , convictions , prison sentences , case closed .
That ’s how it seemed from a law enforcement perspective , at least – but for the terrorists the case was not closed .
For them , it was another offensive strike in their ongoing war against the United States .
And it turned their minds to even harder strikes with higher casualties .
Nine - eleven made necessary a shift of policy , aimed at a clear strategic threat – what the Congress called “ an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States . ”
From that moment forward , instead of merely preparing to round up the suspects and count up the victims after the next attack , we were determined to prevent attacks in the first place .
We could count on almost universal support back then , because everyone understood the environment we were in .
We ’d just been hit by a foreign enemy – leaving 3,000 Americans dead , more than we lost at Pearl Harbor .
In Manhattan , we were staring at 16 acres of ashes .
The Pentagon took a direct hit , and the Capitol or the White House were spared only by the Americans on Flight 93 , who died bravely and defiantly .
Everyone expected a follow - on attack , and our job was to stop it .
We did n’t know what was coming next , but everything we did know in that autumn of 2001 looked bad .
This was the world in which al - Qaeda was seeking nuclear technology , and A. Q. Khan was selling nuclear technology on the black market .
We had the anthrax attack from an unknown source .
We had the training camps of Afghanistan , and dictators like Saddam Hussein with known ties to Mideast terrorists .
These are just a few of the problems we had on our hands .
And foremost on our minds was the prospect of the very worst coming to pass – a 9/11 with nuclear weapons .
For me , one of the defining experiences was the morning of 9/11 itself .
As you might recall , I was in my office in that first hour , when radar caught sight of an airliner heading toward the White House at 500 miles an hour .
That was Flight 77 , the one that ended up hitting the Pentagon .
With the plane still inbound , Secret Service agents came into my office and said we had to leave , now .
A few moments later I found myself in a fortified White House command post somewhere down below .
There in the bunker came the reports and images that so many Americans remember from that day – word of the crash in Pennsylvania , the final phone calls from hijacked planes , the final horror for those who jumped to their death to escape burning alive .
In the years since , I ’ve heard occasional speculation that I ’m a different man after 9/11 .
I would n’t say that .
But I ’ll freely admit that watching a coordinated , devastating attack on our country from an underground bunker at the White House can affect how you view your responsibilities .
To make certain our nation country never again faced such a day of horror , we developed a comprehensive strategy , beginning with far greater homeland security to make the United States a harder target .
But since wars cannot be won on the defensive , we moved decisively against the terrorists in their hideouts and sanctuaries , and committed to using every asset to take down their networks .
We decided , as well , to confront the regimes that sponsored terrorists , and to go after those who provide sanctuary , funding , and weapons to enemies of the United States .
We turned special attention to regimes that had the capacity to build weapons of mass destruction , and might transfer such weapons to terrorists .
We did all of these things , and with bipartisan support put all these policies in place .
It has resulted in serious blows against enemy operations … the take - down of the A.Q. Khan network … and the dismantling of Libya ’s nuclear program .
It ’s required the commitment of many thousands of troops in two theaters of war , with high points and some low points in both Iraq and Afghanistan – and at every turn , the people of our military carried the heaviest burden .
Well over seven years into the effort , one thing we know is that the enemy has spent most of this time on the defensive – and every attempt to strike inside the United States has failed .
So we ’re left to draw one of two conclusions – and here is the great dividing line in our current debate over national security .
You can look at the facts and conclude that the comprehensive strategy has worked , and therefore needs to be continued as vigilantly as ever .
Or you can look at the same set of facts and conclude that 9/11 was a one - off event – coordinated , devastating , but also unique and not sufficient to justify a sustained wartime effort .
Whichever conclusion you arrive at , it will shape your entire view of the last seven years , and of the policies necessary to protect America for years to come .
The key to any strategy is accurate intelligence , and skilled professionals to get that information in time to use it .
In seeking to guard this nation against the threat of catastrophic violence , our Administration gave intelligence officers the tools and lawful authority they needed to gain vital information .
We did n’t invent that authority .
It is drawn from Article Two of the Constitution .
And it was given specificity by the Congress after 9/11 , in a Joint Resolution authorizing “ all necessary and appropriate force ” to protect the American people .
Our government prevented attacks and saved lives through the Terrorist Surveillance Program , which let us intercept calls and track contacts between al - Qaeda operatives and persons inside the United States .
The program was top secret , and for good reason , until the editors of the New York Times got it and put it on the front page .
After 9/11 , the Times had spent months publishing the pictures and the stories of everyone killed by al - Qaeda on 9/11 .
Now here was that same newspaper publishing secrets in a way that could only help al - Qaeda .
It impressed the Pulitzer committee , but it damn sure did n’t serve the interests of our country , or the safety of our people .
In the years after 9/11 , our government also understood that the safety of the country required collecting information known only to the worst of the terrorists .
And in a few cases , that information could be gained only through tough interrogations .
In top secret meetings about enhanced interrogations , I made my own beliefs clear .
I was and remain a strong proponent of our enhanced interrogation program .
The interrogations were used on hardened terrorists after other efforts failed .
They were legal , essential , justified , successful , and the right thing to do .
The intelligence officers who questioned the terrorists can be proud of their work and proud of the results , because they prevented the violent death of thousands , if not hundreds of thousands , of innocent people .
Our successors in office have their own views on all of these matters .
By presidential decision , last month we saw the selective release of documents relating to enhanced interrogations .
This is held up as a bold exercise in open government , honoring the public ’s right to know .
We ’re informed , as well , that there was much agonizing over this decision .
Yet somehow , when the soul - searching was done and the veil was lifted on the policies of the Bush administration , the public was given less than half the truth .
The released memos were carefully redacted to leave out references to what our government learned through the methods in question .
Other memos , laying out specific terrorist plots that were averted , apparently were not even considered for release .
For reasons the administration has yet to explain , they believe the public has a right to know the method of the questions , but not the content of the answers .
Over on the left wing of the president ’s party , there appears to be little curiosity in finding out what was learned from the terrorists .
The kind of answers they ’re after would be heard before a so - called “ Truth Commission . ”
Some are even demanding that those who recommended and approved the interrogations be prosecuted , in effect treating political disagreements as a punishable offense , and political opponents as criminals .
It ’s hard to imagine a worse precedent , filled with more possibilities for trouble and abuse , than to have an incoming administration criminalize the policy decisions of its predecessors .
Apart from doing a serious injustice to intelligence operators and lawyers who deserve far better for their devoted service , the danger here is a loss of focus on national security , and what it requires .
I would advise the administration to think very carefully about the course ahead .
All the zeal that has been directed at interrogations is utterly misplaced .
And staying on that path will only lead our government further away from its duty to protect the American people .
One person who by all accounts objected to the release of the interrogation memos was the Director of Central Intelligence , Leon Panetta .
He was joined in that view by at least four of his predecessors .
I assume they felt this way because they understand the importance of protecting intelligence sources , methods , and personnel .
But now that this once top - secret information is out for all to see – including the enemy – let me draw your attention to some points that are routinely overlooked .
It is a fact that only detainees of the highest intelligence value were ever subjected to enhanced interrogation .
You ’ve heard endlessly about waterboarding .
It happened to three terrorists .
One of them was Khalid Sheikh Muhammed – the mastermind of 9/11 , who has also boasted about beheading Daniel Pearl .
We had a lot of blind spots after the attacks on our country .
We did n’t know about al - Qaeda ’s plans , but Khalid Sheikh Muhammed and a few others did know .
And with many thousands of innocent lives potentially in the balance , we did n’t think it made sense to let the terrorists answer questions in their own good time , if they answered them at all .
Maybe you ’ve heard that when we captured KSM , he said he would talk as soon as he got to New York City and saw his lawyer .
But like many critics of interrogations , he clearly misunderstood the business at hand .
American personnel were not there to commence an elaborate legal proceeding , but to extract information from him before al - Qaeda could strike again and kill more of our people .
In public discussion of these matters , there has been a strange and sometimes willful attempt to conflate what happened at Abu Ghraib prison with the top secret program of enhanced interrogations .
At Abu Ghraib , a few sadistic prison guards abused inmates in violation of American law , military regulations , and simple decency .
For the harm they did , to Iraqi prisoners and to America ’s cause , they deserved and received Army justice .
And it takes a deeply unfair cast of mind to equate the disgraces of Abu Ghraib with the lawful , skillful , and entirely honorable work of CIA personnel trained to deal with a few malevolent men .
Even before the interrogation program began , and throughout its operation , it was closely reviewed to ensure that every method used was in full compliance with the Constitution , statutes , and treaty obligations .
On numerous occasions , leading members of Congress , including the current speaker of the House , were briefed on the program and on the methods .
Yet for all these exacting efforts to do a hard and necessary job and to do it right , we hear from some quarters nothing but feigned outrage based on a false narrative .
In my long experience in Washington , few matters have inspired so much contrived indignation and phony moralizing as the interrogation methods applied to a few captured terrorists .
I might add that people who consistently distort the truth in this way are in no position to lecture anyone about “ values . ”
Intelligence officers of the United States were not trying to rough up some terrorists simply to avenge the dead of 9/11 .
We know the difference in this country between justice and vengeance .
Intelligence officers were not trying to get terrorists to confess to past killings ; they were trying to prevent future killings .
From the beginning of the program , there was only one focused and all - important purpose .
We sought , and we in fact obtained , specific information on terrorist plans .
Those are the basic facts on enhanced interrogations .
And to call this a program of torture is to libel the dedicated professionals who have saved American lives , and to cast terrorists and murderers as innocent victims .
What ’s more , to completely rule out enhanced interrogation methods in the future is unwise in the extreme .
It is recklessness cloaked in righteousness , and would make the American people less safe .
The administration seems to pride itself on searching for some kind of middle ground in policies addressing terrorism .
They may take comfort in hearing disagreement from opposite ends of the spectrum .
If liberals are unhappy about some decisions , and conservatives are unhappy about other decisions , then it may seem to them that the President is on the path of sensible compromise .
But in the fight against terrorism , there is no middle ground , and half - measures keep you half exposed .
You cannot keep just some nuclear - armed terrorists out of the United States , you must keep every nuclear - armed terrorist out of the United States .
Triangulation is a political strategy , not a national security strategy .
When just a single clue that goes unlearned … one lead that goes unpursued … can bring on catastrophe – it ’s no time for splitting differences .
There is never a good time to compromise when the lives and safety of the American people are in the balance .
Behind the overwrought reaction to enhanced interrogations is a broader misconception about the threats that still face our country .
You can sense the problem in the emergence of euphemisms that strive to put an imaginary distance between the American people and the terrorist enemy .
Apparently using the term “ war ” where terrorists are concerned is starting to feel a bit dated .
So henceforth we ’re advised by the administration to think of the fight against terrorists as , quote , “ Overseas contingency operations . ”
In the event of another terrorist attack on America , the Homeland Security Department assures us it will be ready for this , quote , “ man- made disaster ” – never mind that the whole Department was created for the purpose of protecting Americans from terrorist attack .
And when you hear that there are no more , quote , “ enemy combatants , ” as there were back in the days of that scary war on terror , at first that sounds like progress .
The only problem is that the phrase is gone , but the same assortment of killers and would - be mass murderers are still there .
And finding some less judgmental or more pleasant - sounding name for terrorists does n’t change what they are – or what they would do if we let them loose .
On his second day in office , President Obama announced that he was closing the detention facility at Guantanamo .
This step came with little deliberation and no plan .
Now the President says some of these terrorists should be brought to American soil for trial in our court system .
Others , he says , will be shipped to third countries .
But so far , the United States has had little luck getting other countries to take hardened terrorists .
So what happens then ?
Attorney General Holder and others have admitted that the United States will be compelled to accept a number of the terrorists here , in the homeland , and it has even been suggested US taxpayer dollars will be used to support them .
On this one , I find myself in complete agreement with many in the President ’s own party .
Unsure how to explain to their constituents why terrorists might soon be relocating into their states , these Democrats chose instead to strip funding for such a move out of the most recent war supplemental .
The administration has found that it ’s easy to receive applause in Europe for closing Guantanamo .
But it ’s tricky to come up with an alternative that will serve the interests of justice and America ’s national security .
Keep in mind that these are hardened terrorists picked up overseas since 9/11 .
The ones that were considered low - risk were released a long time ago .
And among these , we learned yesterday , many were treated too leniently , because 1 in 7 cut a straight path back to their prior line of work and have conducted murderous attacks in the Middle East .
I think the President will find , upon reflection , that to bring the worst of the worst terrorists inside the United States would be cause for great danger and regret in the years to come .
In the category of euphemism , the prizewinning entry would be a recent editorial in a familiar newspaper that referred to terrorists we ’ve captured as , quote , “ abducted . ”
Here we have ruthless enemies of this country , stopped in their tracks by brave operatives in the service of America , and a major editorial page makes them sound like they were kidnap victims , picked up at random on their way to the movies .
It ’s one thing to adopt the euphemisms that suggest we ’re no longer engaged in a war .
These are just words , and in the end it ’s the policies that matter most .
You do n’t want to call them enemy combatants ?
Fine .
Call them what you want – just do n’t bring them into the United States .
Tired of calling it a war ?
Use any term you prefer .
Just remember it is a serious step to begin unraveling some of the very policies that have kept our people safe since 9/11 .
Another term out there that slipped into the discussion is the notion that American interrogation practices were a “ recruitment tool ” for the enemy .
On this theory , by the tough questioning of killers , we have supposedly fallen short of our own values .
This recruitment - tool theory has become something of a mantra lately , including from the President himself .
And after a familiar fashion , it excuses the violent and blames America for the evil that others do .
It ’s another version of that same old refrain from the Left , “ We brought it on ourselves . ”
It is much closer to the truth that terrorists hate this country precisely because of the values we profess and seek to live by , not by some alleged failure to do so .
Nor are terrorists or those who see them as victims exactly the best judges of America ’s moral standards , one way or the other .
Critics of our policies are given to lecturing on the theme of being consistent with American values .
But no moral value held dear by the American people obliges public servants ever to sacrifice innocent lives to spare a captured terrorist from unpleasant things .
And when an entire population is targeted by a terror network , nothing is more consistent with American values than to stop them .
As a practical matter , too , terrorists may lack much , but they have never lacked for grievances against the United States .
Our belief in freedom of speech and religion … our belief in equal rights for women … our support for Israel … our cultural and political influence in the world – these are the true sources of resentment , all mixed in with the lies and conspiracy theories of the radical clerics .
These recruitment tools were in vigorous use throughout the 1990s , and they were sufficient to motivate the 19 recruits who boarded those planes on September 11th , 2001 .
The United States of America was a good country before 9/11 , just as we are today .
List all the things that make us a force for good in the world – for liberty , for human rights , for the rational , peaceful resolution of differences – and what you end up with is a list of the reasons why the terrorists hate America .
If fine speech - making , appeals to reason , or pleas for compassion had the power to move them , the terrorists would long ago have abandoned the field .
And when they see the American government caught up in arguments about interrogations , or whether foreign terrorists have constitutional rights , they do n’t stand back in awe of our legal system and wonder whether they had misjudged us all along .
Instead the terrorists see just what they were hoping for – our unity gone , our resolve shaken , our leaders distracted .
In short , they see weakness and opportunity .
What is equally certain is this :
The broad - based strategy set in motion by President Bush obviously had nothing to do with causing the events of 9/11 .
But the serious way we dealt with terrorists from then on , and all the intelligence we gathered in that time , had everything to do with preventing another 9/11 on our watch .
The enhanced interrogations of high - value detainees and the terrorist surveillance program have without question made our country safer .
Every senior official who has been briefed on these classified matters knows of specific attacks that were in the planning stages and were stopped by the programs we put in place .
This might explain why President Obama has reserved unto himself the right to order the use of enhanced interrogation should he deem it appropriate .
What value remains to that authority is debatable , given that the enemy now knows exactly what interrogation methods to train against , and which ones not to worry about .
Yet having reserved for himself the authority to order enhanced interrogation after an emergency , you would think that President Obama would be less disdainful of what his predecessor authorized after 9/11 .
It ’s almost gone unnoticed that the president has retained the power to order the same methods in the same circumstances .
When they talk about interrogations , he and his administration speak as if they have resolved some great moral dilemma in how to extract critical information from terrorists .
Instead they have put the decision off , while assigning a presumption of moral superiority to any decision they make in the future .
Releasing the interrogation memos was flatly contrary to the national security interest of the United States .
The harm done only begins with top secret information now in the hands of the terrorists , who have just received a lengthy insert for their training manual .
Across the world , governments that have helped us capture terrorists will fear that sensitive joint operations will be compromised .
And at the CIA , operatives are left to wonder if they can depend on the White House or Congress to back them up when the going gets tough .
Why should any agency employee take on a difficult assignment when , even though they act lawfully and in good faith , years down the road the press and Congress will treat everything they do with suspicion , outright hostility , and second - guessing ?
Some members of Congress are notorious for demanding they be briefed into the most sensitive intelligence programs .
They support them in private , and then head for the hills at the first sign of controversy .
As far as the interrogations are concerned , all that remains an official secret is the information we gained as a result .
Some of his defenders say the unseen memos are inconclusive , which only raises the question why they wo n’t let the American people decide that for themselves .
I saw that information as vice president , and I reviewed some of it again at the National Archives last month .
I ’ve formally asked that it be declassified so the American people can see the intelligence we obtained , the things we learned , and the consequences for national security .
And as you may have heard , last week that request was formally rejected .
It ’s worth recalling that ultimate power of declassification belongs to the President himself .
President Obama has used his declassification power to reveal what happened in the interrogation of terrorists .
Now let him use that same power to show Americans what did not happen , thanks to the good work of our intelligence officials .
I believe this information will confirm the value of interrogations – and I am not alone .
President Obama ’s own Director of National Intelligence , Admiral Blair , has put it this way : “ High value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used and provided a deeper understanding of the al - Qaeda organization that was attacking this country . ”
End quote .
Admiral Blair put that conclusion in writing , only to see it mysteriously deleted in a later version released by the administration – the missing 26 words that tell an inconvenient truth .
But they could n’t change the words of George Tenet , the CIA Director under Presidents Clinton and Bush , who bluntly said : “ I know that this program has saved lives .
I know we ’ve disrupted plots .
I know this program alone is worth more than the FBI , the Central Intelligence Agency , and the National Security Agency put together have been able to tell us . ”
End of quote .
If Americans do get the chance to learn what our country was spared , it ’ll do more than clarify the urgency and the rightness of enhanced interrogations in the years after 9/11 .
It may help us to stay focused on dangers that have not gone away .
Instead of idly debating which political opponents to prosecute and punish , our attention will return to where it belongs – on the continuing threat of terrorist violence , and on stopping the men who are planning it .
For all the partisan anger that still lingers , our administration will stand up well in history – not despite our actions after 9/11 , but because of them .
And when I think about all that was to come during our administration and afterward – the recriminations , the second - guessing , the charges of “ hubris ” – my mind always goes back to that moment .
To put things in perspective , suppose that on the evening of 9/11 , President Bush and I had promised that for as long as we held office – which was to be another 2,689 days – there would never be another terrorist attack inside this country .
Talk about hubris – it would have seemed a rash and irresponsible thing to say .
People would have doubted that we even understood the enormity of what had just happened .
Everyone had a very bad feeling about all of this , and felt certain that the Twin Towers , the Pentagon , and Shanksville were only the beginning of the violence .
Of course , we made no such promise .
Instead , we promised an all - out effort to protect this country .
We said we would marshal all elements of our nation ’s power to fight this war and to win it .
We said we would never forget what had happened on 9/11 , even if the day came when many others did forget .
We spoke of a war that would “ include dramatic strikes , visible on TV , and covert operations , secret even in success . ”
We followed through on all of this , and we stayed true to our word .
To the very end of our administration , we kept al - Qaeda terrorists busy with other problems .
We focused on getting their secrets , instead of sharing ours with them .
And on our watch , they never hit this country again .
After the most lethal and devastating terrorist attack ever , seven and a half years without a repeat is not a record to be rebuked and scorned , much less criminalized .
It is a record to be continued until the danger has passed .
Along the way there were some hard calls .
No decision of national security was ever made lightly , and certainly never made in haste .
As in all warfare , there have been costs – none higher than the sacrifices of those killed and wounded in our country ’s service .
And even the most decisive victories can never take away the sorrow of losing so many of our own – all those innocent victims of 9/11 , and the heroic souls who died trying to save them .
For all that we ’ve lost in this conflict , the United States has never lost its moral bearings .
And when the moral reckoning turns to the men known as high - value terrorists , I can assure you they were neither innocent nor victims .
As for those who asked them questions and got answers : they did the right thing , they made our country safer , and a lot of Americans are alive today because of them .
Like so many others who serve America , they are not the kind to insist on a thank - you .
But I will always be grateful to each one of them , and proud to have served with them for a time in the same cause .
They , and so many others , have given honorable service to our country through all the difficulties and all the dangers .
I will always admire them and wish them well .
And I am confident that this nation will never take their work , their dedication , or their achievements , for granted .
Thank you very much .
Since around 1750 , Davy Jones 's Locker has been an idiom for the bottom of the sea ; the resting place of drowned sailors .
It seems that this age - old phrase has many possible origins .
In The Adventures of Peregrine Pickle ( 1751 ) , Tobias Smollett wrote : " I 'll be damned if it was not Davy Jones himself .
I know him by his saucer eyes , his three rows of teeth and tail , and the blue smoke that came out of his nostrils . "
This same Davy Jones , according to the mythology of sailors , is the fiend that presides over all of the evil spirits of the deep ; and is often seen in various shapes , perched atop the rigging on the eve of hurricanes , shipwrecks , and other disasters , to warn of death and woe .
The original Davy Jones may have been the 16th - century owner of an English pub , commemorated in the ballad " Jones Ale is Newe , " who stored his ale in a mysterious locker and was reported to be feared seamen .
Or Jones could be a corruption of Jonah , the unlucky biblical character swallowed by a whale , and Davy the Anglicization of the West Indian word duppy , meaning " a malevolent ghost or devil . "
A third , more plausible explanation proposes the Jonah above for Jones , but derives Davy from St. David , the patron saint of Wales , often invoked by Welsh sailors .
Jonah was considered bad luck to the sailors aboard the vessel on which he was " attempting to flee God 's wrath " and the phrase was first recorded in Captain Francis Grose 's Classical Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue ( 1785 ) as David Jones '
Locker , which lends more support to the Welsh patron saint theory .
The locker phrase probably refers to an ordinary seaman 's chest , not the old pub owner 's mysterious locker .
A chat with golf hottie Blair O’Neal
Blair O’Neal is used to turning heads .
The 27 - year old hottie does so all the time during her work as a model ( cruise on over to www.blairgolf.com to check out more of her gorgeous body of work ) , and is doing the same this spring as a contestant on “ Big Break Prince Edward Island , ” the 11th installment of the Golf Channel ’s elimination - style reality show .
An avid golfer since the age of 11 , the blonde bombshell was a standout at Arizona State University where she won two NCAA long - drive contests , and has since played on a number of professional tours .
She ’s also a perennial contender in every “ World ’s Hottest Female Athlete ” competition known to man .
Before she sets her sights on the U.S. Women ’s Open Qualifier and getting her LPGA
Tour card later this year , Blair chatted with us over the phone about balancing her two careers , doing her best to keep the show ’s results a secret , and the most nerve - wracking three - foot putt of her life .
Note : “ Big Break Prince Edward Island ” is currently three episodes into an 11 - episode season .
For more on the show , visit www.thegolfchannel.com.
The Scores Report :
So tell me , how is it that you ended up on the Big Break ?
Blair O’Neal : ( Laughs )
Well , it ’s kind of a funny story .
Basically , about three years ago I got a call from the Golf Channel that they were having a casting call out in L.A .
I live in Arizona , so I drove out to California with a friend and went to the golf course and did the interview , and at the casting they have you hit different golf shots .
So I went through the process and I got a call that I was picked to be a semifinalist for the show at that time .
So they flew about 20 of us out to Florida , and I played golf and met everyone at the Golf Channel , and then I came back home and got a call saying that I was n’t picked for the show .
So I was really disappointed , and that was that , and then this summer I got a call from Paul Schlegel , who started “ Big Break , ” and he just said that they had been casting for a new “ Big Break ” and they wanted to know if I would be available and if I would want to be on the show , and I said ‘ of course . ’
TSR : How would you describe the show to someone who has n’t seen it before ?
Is it “ Survivor ” for golfers ?
O’Neal : Yeah , basically .
It ’s a reality golf show , but it ’s based on challenges that are all about hitting different types of golf shots .
It ’s kind of the same as other reality shows – you ’ve got 12 people and they ’re all kind of fighting for the same prize , and one person gets kicked off every episode .
TSR : In the first episode , the very first challenge was to make a three - foot putt , and any contestant who missed went immediately to the elimination challenge .
What was going through your head when you heard that ?
O’Neal : ( Laughs )
That first challenge was so nerve - wracking .
First off , we did n’t know what our challenge was going to be .
And then you ’re all by yourself , it ’s so quiet , and you ’re walking up that fairway reading these signs .
When you finally get to where you can see the green , there ’s so many people and it feels like there ’s 30 cameras on you , and you ’re mic-ed , and you know that the show has started now and you have this putt to make .
The pressure is just crazy .
Your hands are shaking and you can hear your heart beating , and it was a very , very intense feeling .
TSR : So after you made the putt , you nailed the next challenge as well , which meant you got to move onto the next episode .
And then in the second episode , you had a little bit of trouble with that draw / fade pole they placed right in front of the tee box .
What was that challenge like for you ?
O’Neal :
That challenge was tough actually .
Watching it on TV does n’t do it justice , because that wall feels like it ’s right in front of you and it ’s just huge .
So when you ’re standing up there with the wall in front of you and all the cameras on you , what should be just a typical , easy golf shot – just a draw or a fade – is actually really tough .
TSR : You are something of a unique case in that you ’ve spent time both as a professional golfer and as a professional model .
Could you describe what that dynamic has been like for you and how you manage to balance these two very different careers ?
O’Neal : Well I grew up playing golf , and my goal when I was younger was to play professional golf .
So I played in college at ASU , and after I graduated I turned professional and played all over Asia and all over the U.S.
After college was also the time when I started modeling and began to realize that I could make some decent money modeling .
So basically I did it to support my golfing and to have another income to help pay for all my travel fees and entry fees – and it was also something that I really enjoyed doing .
But the last couple of years I had stopped competing on tour in order to pursue more of the modeling and see where I could go with that , and now this year I ’m definitely fully focused on my golf career and getting my LPGA Tour card and going to Q school .
I think it is a unique situation that I can do both .
I want to do as much as I can , but my passion is definitely golf .
TSR : Did you think your modeling experience helped you out on the show in that you were n’t too camera - shy having had that experience ?
O’Neal : I think it probably did help me .
In modeling , you have the cameras on you all the time and in a sense you have to perform by giving the photographer or the client the look they are expecting .
It ’s definitely the same sort of thing in golf when all eyes are on you in a tournament and you have to perform .
See the thing is , I love competing and I love golfing and people coming out to watch .
It ’s exciting and fun when people are watching you perform .
It adds a little extra pressure , and I like that .
TSR : Did you ever feel as though any of the other contestants held any resentment toward you because you were a model , or perhaps that they were underestimating you ?
O’Neal : I think definitely in the beginning when I first got there some of the players who I had n’t played golf with before heard , ‘ Oh , she ’s a model , ’ and maybe did n’t think I was as serious , and did n’t know how my game was .
Some of them probably did underestimate me .
In last week ’s show , I won the challenge , and Brenda says ‘ Oh , she ’s not just a pretty face . ’
But I think as episodes go on people see that I can perform and that I do have a good golf game , and that sort of speaks for itself .
Author ’s note :
Our interview is briefly interrupted by the sound of barking dogs coming from Blair ’s end of the conversation .
O’Neal : Hold on .
( Long pause )
Sorry about that .
I have three dogs – a lab , a yorkie and a dachshund .
They ’re barking because somebody came to the door .
They all started freaking out .
Sorry , I was n’t expecting that .
…
TSR : What was the dynamic like among all the contestants ?
Where there any feuds between people , anybody that you did n’t particularly care for ?
O’Neal : I think it was interesting with our show because there were so many characters and so many personalities , but I ca n’t say there was anybody I disliked .
I actually made some friends during the show that I still talk to .
Sometimes we ’ll text during the show .
TSR : Who in particular have you stayed in touch with ?
O’Neal : I talk to Kim , of course , because she and I grew up together .
I talk to Brian , Robert , Nicole and Derek .
TSR : Did the contestants spend a lot of time hanging out while the show was n’t shooting ?
O’Neal :
Well the thing is , we do n’t really have a lot of time when we ’re not on the golf course .
You wake up really early , go to breakfast , then you ’re out on the golf course all day long because the challenges take a long time to set up .
Then you eat and you do hours of interviews , so sometimes you do n’t even get back to your room until midnight or 12:30 and then you ’ve got to get up early the next day and do it again , so they keep you busy .
TSR : Now the show was shot back in September , and it ’s only just started airing , so what has it been like for you having to keep quiet about everything that happened on the show ?
Could you tell your family and close friends ?
O’Neal :
No , we were n’t even allowed to talk to anybody about it until they started airing stuff on the Golf Channel .
You have to sign a contract saying that you ’re not going to tell anybody about it , and that keeps it interesting , so that people do n’t know what happened .
That ’s the tough part .
And now everybody wants to know and tries to trick you and ask questions about how players did and I ’m just like , ‘ I ’ve heard it all , that one ’s not going to work .
I ca n’t tell you anything . ’ ( Laughs ) I get asked all the time , and it ’s funny the way they ’ll switch the questions around to see if I ’ll slip up and give them any info .
TSR : All right , I wo n’t try to trick you then .
O’Neal : ( Laughs )
Thanks .
TSR : I know you won a couple of longest drive competitions in college when you were at Arizona State , how would you describe your game as a golfer ?
O’Neal : Yeah , I won two long drive contests at NCAAs and that ’s a big strength of my game – my distance and accuracy off the tee .
I ’ve always been a long hitter .
But I also think putting is my strength .
When my putting is on , it ’s on .
Sometimes when it ’s on , I ’ll make anything I look at .
So right now I ’m just really focusing on improving my short game and getting that going .
TSR : Do you have any golfers you look up to ?
O’Neal : I would say definitely Tiger Woods .
I think his focus and his mindset is just – I mean , obviously he ’s an amazing golfer , but mentally he ’s very , very focused and that ’s what it takes to be a good golfer .
It ’s a very mental game .
TSR : Other than golf , are you a big sports fan ?
O’Neal : Yes .
I love going to games and watching sports in person , rather than just watching them on TV .
I love going to basketball games , I really like going to hockey games .
Those are probably my two most favorite sports to watch , other than golf of course .
And of course here in Arizona , we have spring training which is always fun .
TSR : So tell me , without giving away any specifics obviously , what were the best and worst parts about being on the Big Break ?
O’Neal : ( Laughs )
The best part I would think is experiencing that type of pressure .
All of us have played a lot of tournament golf , and every one of us left there saying we had never experienced that type of pressure ever , in any golf tournament .
When you have the cameras on you , and you ’re playing for such a huge prize , and you literally have to hit the shot or you ’re going home , that just adds a whole other element .
I think for me playing under that kind of pressure and experiencing that kind of feeling was scary , but at the same time it was awesome and it was just such a cool thing .
Because there ’s no way you could practice that or prepare for that , really .
As for the worst part about the show , that ’s hard to say .
I ’d say the worst thing about it is probably watching somebody getting kicked off the show .
Every single player really wants their big break , and to see somebody get eliminated is the tough part , especially because you spend so much time together and you get to know them .
Nobody wants it to happen to them , but seeing it happen to somebody else , you just feel bad .
TSR : What has the experience been like for you watching the episodes on TV and seeing yourself on TV ?
O’Neal :
It ’s been exciting .
It happened so long ago that you kind of do n’t remember everything .
And it ’s so interesting to see the interviews , because you did n’t always know what the other players where thinking when they ’re out there .
It ’s definitely fun to watch .
TSR : So what ’s next for you : modeling , golfing , or both ?
O’Neal :
What ’s next is in two weeks I have the U.S. Women ’s Open qualifier .
I ’ve played in a few Cactus Tour events .
And then this summer I ’ll just keep competing and working on my game and my main thing is going to LPGA Qualifying School at the end of September .
I ’ve been playing professional golf for a few years , but I have n’t been to Q School yet , so that ’s definitely the next step : getting my tour card for next year .
And of course the modeling .
I ’ll always do the modeling , too .
TSR : What do you think your chances are at the U.S. Open qualifier ?
O’Neal : I think they ’re good .
I ’m just working on my game and getting prepared .
TSR : Well best of luck to you , we ’ll be pulling for you .
O’Neal : Thank you so much .
Patience may be a virtue , but it's not one that 's much appreciated in the media business at the moment .
As newspapers fold , the hunt is on for a workable business model for online news .
Lots of things are being tried , but none of them provides the revenue growth needed to offset the income siphoned off by changes in media consumption patterns and the diversion of advertising revenues to the web .
Things have got so bad that Rupert Murdoch has tasked a team with finding a way of charging for News Corp content .
This is the " make the bastards pay " school of thought .
Another group of fantasists speculate about ways of extorting money from Google , which they portray as a parasitic feeder on their hallowed produce .
And recently a few desperadoes have made the pilgrimage to Capitol Hill seeking legislative assistance and / or federal bailouts for newspapers .
It 's difficult to keep one 's head when all about one people are losing theirs , but let us have a go .
First of all , some historical perspective might help .
When broadcast radio arrived in the US in the 1920s , nobody could figure out a business model for it .
How could one generate revenue from something that could be listened to by anyone for free ?
Dozens of companies were founded to exploit the new medium , and most of them folded .
The problem was solved by a detergent manufacturer named Procter & Gamble , which came up with the idea of sponsoring dramatic serials : the soap opera – and the mass market – was born .
The moral is simple : eventually someone will figure out a business model that works for online news .
But it may take some time , and lots of outfits will fall by the wayside in the meantime .
That 's capitalism for you .
The problem at the moment is that the web is awash with free content , and in a competitive market the price always converges on the marginal cost – which is currently zero .
But as providers disappear ( or , like Murdoch , decide to charge ) , the supply of free news will diminish and something more like a normal market will emerge .
Only then will we find out what people are willing to pay for news .
That takes care of the economics .
But what will journalism be like in the perfectly competitive online world ?
One clue is provided by the novelist William Gibson 's celebrated maxim that " the future is already here ; it 's just not evenly distributed " .
In a recent lecture , the writer Steven Johnson took Gibson 's insight to heart and argued that if we want to know what the networked journalism of the future might be like , we should look now at how the reporting of technology has evolved over the past few decades .
Johnson 's lecture opens with him reminiscing about his youth as a geeky adolescent hanging round the College Hill bookstore in Providence , Rhode Island , on the third week of every month , waiting for the arrival of MacWorld magazine , which was then just about the only published source of news about Apple products .
He contrasts that vanished , information - poor world with the current luxuriant ecosystem of online news and comment about Apple – or indeed about any other computing topic you care to mention .
And he goes on to contrast the volume and diversity of online news and comment about the recent US presidential election with that available during earlier elections .
Eight million people watched Obama 's Philadelphia speech on YouTube , for example , and the speech was available in its entirety .
What would have happened to that speech , Johnson wonders , had it been delivered in 1992 ?
Would any of the networks have aired it in its entirety ?
" Certainly not .
It would have been reduced to a minute - long soundbite on the evening news .
CNN probably would have aired it live , which might have meant that 500,000 people caught it …
A few serious newspapers might have reprinted it in its entirety , which might have added another million to the audience .
Online perhaps someone would have uploaded a transcript to Compuserve or The Well , but that 's about the most we could have hoped for . "
But in Johnson 's view the ecosystem of technology news is the most instructive case study because it 's the sub - genre of news that has had the longest time to evolve .
" The web does n't have some kind [ of ] intrinsic aptitude for covering technology better than other fields " , he writes .
" It just has an intrinsic tendency to cover technology first , because the first people that used the web were far more interested in technology than they were in , say , school board meetings or the NFL .
But that has changed , and is continuing to change .
The transformation from the desert of MacWorld to the rich diversity of today 's tech coverage is happening in all areas of news . "
So , perhaps – to adapt the famous Orange advertising slogan – the future 's bright , the future 's networked .
The Future of the Military -- Perhaps
The most ambitious weapons program in Army history calls for a whole new arsenal of connected gear , from helicopter drones to GPS - guided missiles .
But what happens if the network that links it all is n’t ready ?
PETA 's undercover footage from inside religious slaughterhouses corroborates the evidence presented by the government 's Farm Animal Welfare Council about the suffering inflicted on animals during ritual slaughter techniques .
But there is some cause for optimism .
After viewing PETA 's undercover footage of a kosher slaughterhouse in South America that uses the primitive and cruel " shackle and hoist " slaughter method , the Chief Rabbinate of Israel immediately committed to ending imports of kosher beef from facilities that use the method .
This ruling demonstrated that even the most traditional Orthodox institutions regulating the kosher meat industry can incorporate modern sensibilities when it comes to the humane treatment of animals .
Stunning the animals during the shechita process would be another positive step towards preventing prolonged consciousness and would help to protect the animals being subjected to meat - processing while still fully conscious .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Kosher slaughter is predicated on the principle of " tsa ' ar ba'alei chayim " ( not causing unnecessary suffering to animals ) .
Historically , the kosher killing technique was one of the more humane methods available , especially when other communities still cut the flesh off live animals .
Ironically , it is now the kosher and halal slaughterhouses that have been caught processing fully conscious animals .
It is shameful that some religious authorities have treated religious slaughter exemptions as a licence to inflict gratuitous pain and suffering on animals .
It is now incumbent on religious leaders to acknowledge basic science and the overwhelming evidence about the superiority of the most advanced methods .
Pre-stunning or immediate post - stunning are not perfect or exact methods , but there is a consensus among scientists and industry experts that stunning , when done accurately and with proper head restraints , is the most humane – or the " least inhumane " – option for modern facilities .
Furthermore , this method can be made fully consistent with kosher and halal laws and principles .
Of course , the perfect solution is simply to move towards a vegetarian diet .
The writer is director of special projects with PETA Europe , the UK affiliate of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals
This is mostly a note to myself , but I guess people interested in automating reverse engineering will be interested at some point in IR suitable for low - level abstractions .
I consider top - down IR used by optimizing compilers and bottom - up IR used by decompilers and other reversing tools .
Intermediate Representations for Reverse Engineering
REIL .
Used in BinNavi , the Reverse Engineering Intermediate Language defines a very simple RISC architecture ( 17 instructions ) , with the nice property that each instruction has at most one side - effect .
Thomas Dullien and Sebastian Porst recently presented at CanSecWest an abstract interpretation framework for REIL ( paper , slides ) .
It is clearly possible to easily write analyses and transformation passes for REIL without getting into the complexity of the whole x86 architecture , given x86 -> REIL and REIL -> x86 translators .
Here are some sample REIL instructions :
1006E4B00 : str edi , , edi 1006E4D00 : sub esp , 4 , esp 1006E4D01 : and esp , 4294967295 , esp 1006E4D02 : stm ebp , , esp
Language Reference
Hex Rays Microcode .
Presented at Black Hat USA 2008 by Ilfak Guilfanov ( paper , slides ) , it is an IR used during decompilation .
From the paper : “ The microcode language is very detailed and precisely represents how each instruction modifies the memory , registers , and processor condition codes .
Typically one CPU instruction is converted into 5 - 15 microinstructions ” .
According to the REIL paper , REIL and the microcode language are significantly different , for instance the microinstructions can have a variable number of operands and perform multiple side effects .
Sample microcode :
mov esi.4 , eoff.4 mov ds.2 , seg.2 add eoff.4 , # 4.4 , eoff.4 ldx seg.2 , eoff.4 , et1.4 mov et1.4 , eax.4
I could n’t find the language reference .
ELIR .
Part of the ERESI project , the goal of ELIR is to simplify static analysis by providing a platform independent abstraction .
An overview was presented at Ekoparty08 ( slides ) and some ideas appeared in Phrack 64 , but 30s of Googling did n’t get me to the language reference or a code sample , so that ’s all I will say about ELIR for the moment .
Pin Inspection API .
PIN , Intel ’s Dynamic Binary Instrumentation framework provides a very handy instruction inspection API .
This is not an IR but provides the same type of information about complex instructions without having to make giant switch statements .
For instance , this is the way to log memory writes with PIN given an instruction :
VOID RecordMemWrite ( VOID * addr , UINT32 size ) { fprintf ( trace , " , %dW%p " , size , addr ) ; } // this function is called each time an instruction is encountered VOID Instruction ( INS ins , VOID * v ) { // is n't that a nice API ? if ( WRITES && INS_IsMemoryWrite( ins ) ) { INS_InsertPredicatedCall ( ins , IPOINT_BEFORE , ( AFUNPTR ) RecordMemWrite , IARG_MEMORYWRITE_EA , IARG_MEMORYWRITE_SIZE , IARG_END ) ; } }
API Documentation
Valgrind IR .
On my todo list .
FermaT Transformation System .
I ’ll have to write something about it someday .
Oh lucky you , a wikipedia entry and a bunch of papers !
Optimizing Compilers Intermediate Representations
LLVM Bitcode .
This language uses low - level RISC - like instructions in SSA form with type information .
It is clean and well defined , and is a very suitable target for platform - independent analysis and optimization .
It is designed to convey high - level information in lower level operations , so converting machine code to LLVM bitcode probably requires some intensive work .
Here is the hello world example :
; Declare the string constant as a global constant ... @.LC0 = internal constant [ 13 x i8 ] c" hello worldA0 " ; External declaration of the puts function declare i32 @puts ( i8 *) ; Definition of main function define i32 @main ( ) { ; Convert [ 13 x i8 ] * to i8 *... % cast210 = getelementptr [ 13 x i8 ] * @.LC0 , i64 0 , i64 0 ; i8 * ; Call puts function to write out the string to stdout ... call i32 @puts ( i8 * % cast210 ) ret i32 0 }
Language reference
Register Transfer Language .
One of the IR used in GCC , it is an architecture - neutral assembly language that represents instructions in a LISP - like form ( d’oh ) , like this :
( insn 2 49 3 test.c:3 ( set ( mem/c/i:SI ( plus : DI ( reg/ f: DI 6 bp ) ( const_int - 20 [ 0xffffffffffffffec ] ) ) [ 0 argc+0 S4 A32 ] ) ( reg: SI 5 di [ argc ] ) ) 47 {*movsi_1} ( nil ) )
It feels a bit old - fashioned and less clean than LLVM bitcode , but this is just a gut feeling .
Use gcc - fdump - rtl - all to see what it looks like .
Side note : the idea of dumping RTL to a file , performing transformations on it and giving this back to GCC is quite common , but RMS qualifies it as “ not feasible ” , even though the creator of RTL says it is not only feasible but quite useful actually .
Why is dissatisfaction so high ?
People have learned to take in stride Mr. Nagin ’s tendency to shoot from the hip with a howitzer and have tended to draw some satisfaction from his ability to avoid the serious taint of corruption that has dogged many Louisiana politicians .
Now , however , that sense is coming to an end , after accusations arose in a civil lawsuit concerning city technology contracts .
In a deposition , a former city official said he took a Hawaiian vacation with Mr. Nagin and their families in 2004 that was paid for by a company whose owner did extensive business with the city through other companies .
Claims of other trips raising ethics questions were raised in later testimony .
At a news conference on April 7 , the mayor defended the Hawaiian vacation .
“ I do n’t see it as a violation of any law , any ethics rules , ” he said , because he had been told that the city official 
Greg Meffert , the former chief of technology for New Orleans  was paying for the trip , not the contractor .
“ It ’s been cleverly portrayed that there ’s something wrong here , and no one has proven that yet , ” Mr. Nagin said at the time .
He acknowledged , however , that “ there ’s still a question whether this is illegal or unethical . ”
He declined requests for an interview .
Mr. Nagin has also been in a long stalemate with the City Council over budget issues and a struggle with news organizations over public - records requests for his e-mail messages .
After a judge ordered the messages released , it emerged that thousands of messages had been deleted .
But the biggest issue is the state of the city .
Dr. Renwick , of Loyola , said that despite positive signs of rebuilding in neighborhoods like the French Quarter and the Garden District , enormous areas of the city were still crippled and government services were balky at best .
Fixing a streetlight , Dr. Renwick said , can take months and repeated complaints .
Over time , he said , “ you build up a mass of people who are irritated . ”
Police Officer Sues Man Who Bit Him During Fight Outside Wrigley Field
Last year , Chicago police officer Michael A. Ponti was working near Wrigley Field when he saw a fight break out .
Ponti then broke up the brawl , but one of the participants , Thomas DiMaggio , bit him on the leg .
Who says Cubs fans are uncivilized ?
Now , Michael Ponti is suing DiMaggio for damages due to his bite .
According to Ponti ’s lawyer Joseph FitzSimmons , “ The poor cop saw a fight , went to break it up and [ DiMaggio ] grabbed him , and literally started chewing on his thigh . ”
The suit is for over $ 100,000 in order to recover “ great medical expenses ” as well as compensation for time off .
DiMaggio did get charged with aggravated battery , but only received a community service sentence .
Between this lawsuit , Denise Richards , and that cat running around on the field , this has certainly been a busy start to the year for Wrigleyville .
Crime takes a bite out of Wrigley Field cop , officer sues [ WBBM ]
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
Auch im kommenden Jahr bietet der mittlerweile zum siebten Mal erscheinende Kalender '' Complex Beauties ' ' Einblicke in die faszinierende Vielfalt komplexer Funktionen .
Neben dem langjährigen
Team ( bestehend aus Gunter Semmler , Pamela Gorkin , Ulrich Daepp und dem Verfasser ) haben Walter Bergweiler und Stefan Güttel als Gastautoren an der Gestaltung der neuen Ausgabe mitgewirkt .
Die Vorderseiten jedes Monatsblatts zeigen die Visualisierung einer komplexen Funktion , auf den Rückseiten findet man kurze Erläuterungen der dargestellten Sachverhalte und die biographische Skizze einer Person , deren Wirken mit dieser Funktion verbunden ist .
In der neuen Ausgabe stellen wir Ernest Barnes , Lothar Collatz , Adrien Douady , Maurits Escher , Witali Ginsburg , Herbert Grötzsch , Godfrey Hardy , Sofja Kowalewskaja , Edward Lorenz , Henri Pade , Jacopo Riccati und Karl Weierstraß vor .
Das aktuelle Kalenderblatt des November 2016 in der obigen Abbildung zeigt ein Phasenportrait der Blasiusfunktion , das ist eine spezielle Lösung der Differentialgleichung 2 f ''' + f'f = 0 , die in Blasius ' Arbeiten zur Prandtlschen Grenzschichttheorie laminarer Strömungen eine wichtige Rolle spielt .
Gedruckte Exemplare der deutschen Version von " Complex Beauties 2017 '' kann man unter www.mathe-kalender.de bestellen , die englische Fassung gibt es zum freien Download unter www.mathcalendar.net.
Solange der Vorrat reicht , versenden wir erstmalig auch die englische Version in gedruckter Form .
Wenn
Sie nach einem Wandschmuck für Ihr Büro suchen , noch ein Geschenk für Ihre mathematisch interessierten Lieben brauchen , oder Ihren Studierenden die komplexe Analysis schmackhaft machen wollen , schauen Sie doch einmal bei uns vorbei .
Auch Empfehlungen interessanter Funktionen und Anregungen für kommende Kalender nehmen wir gern entgegen .
Elias Wegert , TU Bergakademie Freiberg
Indeed , there 's some possibility that the decision to raise interest rates by the time a bubble is firmly established may be counterproductive -- John Kenneth Galbraith chronicles how the attempt to raise the price of margin loans in the late 1920s simply attracted more European money into the trade .
If the price of stocks or houses is rising by double digits every year , raising the interest rate from 6 to 8 percent does n't much dim the mania , but it does make lending into it more lucrative .
But also , the price of credit is not merely the interest rate -- it 's also the availability .
Mortgage interest rates are low right now , but the credit score required to get one of these low priced loans is much higher than it used to be .
That means that the price of loans has increased for alll but the most creditworthy .
For those with the lowest credit scores , it approaches infinity .
We know for a fact that American markets were flooded with foreign loans in the early part of the decade -- the current account deficit marched upwards when rates were low , and when they were high .
The price of loans fell in both interest rate and availability terms .
By that time , the house price increases that were already well established -- the Case - Shiller 10 city index shows home appreciation reaching 10 % a year in the late 1990s , with only a mild dip after 9/11 .
In those circumstances , it 's hard to see how he could have stopped this by fiddling with interest rates .
Perhaps he might have managed it had he jammed interest rates up to somewhere between 8 - 10 % .
But the result would have been a recession like the early 1980s -- the one with the double - digit unemployment levels that we now fear we may repeat .
Assuming that he had succeeded in averting the worst of the runup , most of us would now remember Alan Greenspan as the lunatic who threw millions out of work in order to pop an imaginary housing bubble .
Greenspan might have had more success with changes in the mortgage origination rules .
But his power in this area was much more limited -- America 's fractured system of bank regulation , which desperately needs reform , has six different agencies that oversee banks .
This patchwork affords quite a few opportunities for regulatory arbitrage ( remember the Savings and Loan crisis ? ) , which leave it an open question whether Greenspan could have succeeded in cracking down on loose lending standards .
A few weeks ago , I was talking to a well - respected journalist who does n't cover financial matters .
She was pushing me for the culprit behind this mess , and was unsatisfied when I pointed out that there were a lot of good reasons to make most of these bad decisions .
Ultimately she cried in frustration , " but somebody must have done it ! "
This is how we approach the problem : we want villains , guilt , punishment .
But when systems fail , they usually fail systemically .
If one person , even Alan Greenspan , could bring down the entire edifice , then we'd be in massive trouble , so we should be grateful that it is n't the case .
How I created my own .mac replacement
by Matt Simerson
2006.02.08 - misc updates .
2005.07.11 - v2 updated for use with Mac OS X 10.4 ( Tiger ) .
version 1 available
Is .mac worth it to me ?
Many of the reasons I do not find .mac useful are the same reasons I encourage others to use it .
My needs are different than the average computer user .
This is not an " I hate .mac " article but rather an explanation of the motivation and methods I used to provide myself with comparable services that are more useful to me .
I publish it so that others may benefit from what I have learned .
Please do n't expect free support from the author .
Support requests that arrive without monetary compensation are typically ignored .
Instead , try using the support forums .
You can also read about my use of .mac
Project Goals
Retain the useful features : Regardless of whether or not I renew my subscription , I want the features I have found most useful ( iDisk , iSync ( between computers ) , iCal sharing , and Backup ) .
Enhance the useful features :
The most value can be found in enhancing each feature .
For iDisk , speed and disk space are impediments to its usefulness .
iSync works quite well .
iCal sharing works well but publish and subscribe updates are terribly slow .
Backup is hamstrung by the disk space issue .
Plan of Attack
Since most of the the .mac services revolve around the use of of webdav , the first step seems rather obvious : set up a webdav server .
There are numerous documents published on this subject so I only give a brief summary of the steps I took .
Then things get more complicated as I convince my desktop to use my webdav server instead of Apple's .
That creates a number of problems which I successively tackle and attempt to beat into submission .
Getting it Done
Set up webdav
The first order of business is to get webdav installed and configured .
I run Apache 2 on FreeBSD , so I already had mod_dav installed .
It was just a matter of configuring it .
I did so by creating two directories for use by WebDav .
The / home / idisk directory is used by webdav clients , / var / run is used internally by Apache .
mkdir /home / idisk / html /var/run/webdav chmod 755 /var/run/webdav chown www:www /home/idisk/html /var/run/webdav
Note that my Apache server runs as the user www .
If you run Apache as some other user ( nobody is common ) , then make sure to alter the chown command to suit .
I then added these config lines to the Apache config files :
DavLockDB /var /run/ webdav/DavLock < VirtualHost *:80 > ServerName idisk.cadillac.net DocumentRoot " /home/idisk/html " </VirtualHost > < Directory " /home/idisk/html " >
Dav on AuthType Digest AuthName iTools AuthDigestDomain " / " AuthDigestFile /home / idisk / WebDavUsers AuthGroupFile /home / idisk / WebDavGroups Options None AllowOverride None < LimitExcept GET HEAD OPTIONS > require valid-user </ LimitExcept >
Order allow , deny Allow from All </ Directory >
The next task is creating the password digest file that Apache will use for authentication .
htdigest -c /home/idisk/WebDavUsers iTools mattsimerson
Finally , I created a DNS record for idisk.cadillac.net and restarted Apache .
I was able to use Finder.app 's " Connect To Server " menu item and connected directly to http://idisk.cadillac.net.
Now I have something resembling my own iDisk .
Since my web server is also on my home LAN , I am connected to it via gigabit Ethernet , which is unbelievably faster than .mac .
Apple 's iDisk is painfully slow , even when I had an extremely fast T3 internet connection .
Add Quota Support
One thing you may notice is that KB available is empty .
The Apache 2 dav module does not include working quota support .
Andreas Amann wrote to point me at a mod_dav patch by William Carrel with quota support .
The patch is available here and I 've mirrored it as well .
I 've tested the patch and it reports back your free disk space on the server .
When I enabled quotas on my FreeBSD server , it does not honor them but does report them .
This is not quite ideal but better than nothing .
To apply this patch you will have to rebuild Apache and apply the patch to the dav module .
Once you have installed Apache with the patch , reconnect and you should have quota results shown .
Configuring WebDav accounts
Now that webdav is enabled , we want to allow others to connect as well .
In the following example , I set up two user accounts for myself and my wife .
cd /home / idisk / html mkdir mattsimerson jen chdir mattsimerson mkdir Backup Documents Library Movies Music Pictures Public Sites Sites /.calendars chdir ../ jen mkdir Backup Documents Library Movies Music Pictures Public Sites Sites/.calendars chown - R www:www /home/idisk/html
Repeat the previous steps for each additional user you want to create .
Restrict access to " personal " directories by addding the following to your Apache config :
< Directory " /home/idisk/html/*/Public " >
Options + Indexes </ Directory > < Directory " /home/idisk/html/mattsimerson " >
< LimitExcept GET HEAD OPTIONS > require user mattsimerson matt </ LimitExcept > </ Directory > < Directory " /usr/home/idisk/html/jen " > < LimitExcept GET HEAD OPTIONS > require user jen </ LimitExcept > </ Directory >
Do the same for each user that you add .
Publish iCal calendars on webdav
My wife and I enjoy being able to share each others calendars .
The next step was to get iCal to publish to my new server .
For consistency , I recommend publishing your calendars to the same location that Apple uses for .mac : Sites /.calendars .
You can test now by setting up a test iCal calendar :
After clicking publish , you should get a success notice that looks like this :
After updating our calendars , I also modified them so that they auto - publish after each change .
When using .mac , I had them update every hour , as updating would take quite a number of seconds to complete .
Now the publishing of changes is transparent .
Once our calendars were all published , it was a trivial exercise to get PHP iCalendar to publish our calendars .
Emulate www.mac.com
Now things get more complicated .
If you do not have experience with using Server Apache and configuring DNS servers , you may want to find someone with these skills to help you out .
The first step was to convince my mac that my new webdav server was Apple 's iDisk server .
I began by using tcpdump on my firewall and see where the connections where going .
As of Mac OS 10.4 ( Tiger ) , when I access the .mac control panel , it retrieves the configuration and settings from four different servers :
configuration.apple.com syncmgmt.mac.com idisk.mac.com www.mac.com
Backup.app connects to both idisk.mac.com and www.mac.com.
The next step is to determine exactly what the clients are looking for from the server and provide it ( to the extent possible ) .
The simplest way to redirect the traffic to my web server is to map the DNS for those four hostnames to my own server .
Configure DNS
I manage my own DNS servers so it is quite easy for me to tell them that they are authoritative for mac.com , and resolve the addresses to my servers IP .
If you only need this to work on one system , simply add an entry to /etc / hosts to do the same thing .
After adding the entries to /etc / hosts , run " lookupd - flushcache " .
You can test by running a network command like " ping www.mac.com " and you should see the traffic going to your host .
Configure Apache
To get Apache to act like idisk.apple.com , I considerably expanded the Apache directives as shown in [ " http://www.tnpi.net/computing/mac/tips/idisk/idisk.cadillac.net.txt this apache include file ] .
I also created another include file to simulate www.mac.com.
Finally , I generated a SSL certificate for www.mac.com.
I did it the same way I always do , RTFM on the Apache web site .
I also signed the new SSL cert with my CA key which is already trusted by all the macs on my LAN .
You can also use the Mac OS Cerficate Assistant which you will find in the menu of Keychain Access on OS X 10.4 .
Create emulation scripts
Next up was creating the scripts that respond as Apple 's do .
This was quite easy and you can read all about it on Otto 's site if you 're interested .
The nuts and bolts are pretty simple .
Since you cannot packet sniff the https connection , get the info from your Apache logs to see what URLs are being asked for .
Once you have that , install a script there that dumps the POST info to a temp file .
You end up with something like this in that temp file :
SERVER_SOFTWARE = Apache /2.0.55 ( FreeBSD ) SERVER_NAME = www.mac.com GATEWAY_INTERFACE = CGI /1.1 SERVER_PROTOCOL = HTTP/1.1 SERVER_PORT = 443 REQUEST_METHOD = POST SCRIPT_NAME = /WebObjects /Info.woa/wa/Query/retrieveDiskConfiguration REMOTE_ADDR = 10.0.1.218 CONTENT_LENGTH
= 160
{ body = {relativePath = Public ; } ; function = retrieveDiskConfiguration ; header = { password =
******; username = mattsimerson ; version = 1 ; } ; }
I copied and pasted the {} info into the file foo and then used lynx to see what Apple 's server returns .
When I sent this request :
lynx - source - post_data - useragent= " InternetPref/ Version - 10.2 " \ https://www.mac.com/WebObjects/Info.woa/wa/Query/retrieveDiskConfiguration < foo
I got back this response :
{ payload = { guestReadEnabled = Y ; guestWriteEnabled = N ; has GeneralPassword = N ; iDiskQuotaInBytes = 104857600 ; iDiskUsedBytes = 11383808 ; relativePath = Public ; } ; statusCode = success ; }
Knowing what the script needs to return , create the script :
mkdir -p /home/www.mac.com/WebObjects/Info.woa/wa/Query vi /home/www.mac.com/WebObjects/Info.woa/wa/Query/retrieveDiskConfiguration
The contents of that file should be something like what follows :
#!/bin/sh echo Content - type : text / plain echo cat << EOT { payload = { guestReadEnabled = Y ; guestWriteEnabled = N ; has GeneralPassword = N ; iDiskQuotaInBytes = 1048576000 ; iDiskUsedBytes = 339338752 ; relativePath = Public ; } ; statusCode = success ; } EOT
Now when you access the iDisk tab in the .mac control panel , it gets its values from the script you just created .
Dominic Rivera contributed a script that returns the disk free output instead of using a static value for disk space .
Notice that I now have 1GB of space available .
It is , in effect , infinite because no matter how much data I upload , I will always have 663 MB free .
If I were a service provider , I would rewrite the script in Perl or C , have it parse the POST data , verify the authentication parameters , and return actual disk quota values .
Since I am only doing this for myself and my wife , that is not important .
I can connect to my iDisk using Finder.app " Go->iDisk - > My i Disk " menu , or the Cmd - Shift - I keyboard shortcut .
When I connect , it is wicked fast and I have ample disk space available .
Get Backup.app working
Upon running Backup.app , a check of my Apache log files revealed that it was checking the URL https://www.mac.com/WebObjects/Info.woa/wa/Query/accountInfo.
As before , we install a script there to capture the POST data and see what it is looking for .
We end up with this in the temp file :
SERVER_SOFTWARE = Apache /2.0.55 ( FreeBSD ) SERVER_NAME = www.mac.com GATEWAY_INTERFACE = CGI /1.1 SERVER_PROTOCOL = HTTP/1.1 SERVER_PORT = 443 REQUEST_METHOD = POST HTTP_ACCEPT
= image / gif , image / jpeg , image / pjpeg , */* PATH_INFO = PATH_TRANSLATED = SCRIPT_NAME = /WebObjects /Info.woa/wa/Query/accountInfo
QUERY_STRING = REMOTE_HOST = REMOTE_ADDR = 10.0.1.218 REMOTE_USER = AUTH_TYPE = CONTENT_TYPE
= text / xml CONTENT_LENGTH
= 165 { body = {keys = ( iToolsBackupActivated , trialAccountDaysLeft ) ; } ; function = accountInfo ; header = {password = *******; username = mattsimerson ; } ; }
Once again , save the contents within the {} brackets into a temp file and post that to https://www.mac.com/WebObjects/Info.woa/wa/Query/accountInfo
Apple 's URL .
I did so with the following Lynx command :
lynx - source - post_data - useragent= " Backup 2.0.2 " \
https://www.mac.com/WebObjects/Info.woa/wa/Query/accountInfo < foo
and got back the following results :
{ payload = { iToolsBackupActivated = Y ; } ; statusCode = success ; }
Now set up the accountInfo script to return that value when Backup. app queries it .
I did so by editing the following file :
vi /home/www.mac.com/WebObjects/Info.woa/wa/Query/accountInfo
The contents of that file should be something like this :
#!/bin/sh echo Content - type : text / plain echo cat << EOT { payload = { iToolsBackupActivated = Y ; trialAccountDaysLeft = - 1 ; } ; statusCode = success ; } EOT
After making this change , the first time you run Backup.app , it will check your server , see that you have Backup activated and let you back up your Mac(s ) to your local iDisk server .
I do n't know how often it performs this check but after having done so , I have not seen it check again ( unless I delete the Backup prefs file ) .
I now have and Backup access on all three of my computers ( dual G5 ] , PowerBook , and wifes iMac ) without purchasing multiple .mac accounts .
I also have a backup disk large enough to be useful .
This is much better than .mac !
Configure a Proxy
Redirecting www.mac.com to my server creates a new problem in that now I cannot visit www.mac.com from my LAN .
Since I still do have a .mac account , I wish to retain that ability .
To do so , I adjusted my Apache config file a little more by adding some proxy directives .
I edited my httpd.conf and uncommented the proxy_module , proxy_connect_module ( for ssl ) , and proxy_http_module modules .
I also added the following block :
< Proxy *> Order Deny , Allow Deny from all Allow from 10.0 </ Proxy >
The Proxy statement prevents the rest of the world from being able to access my proxy server .
Publicly available proxy servers are a hazard to their owners and the rest of the internet .
Be sure to secure yours !
I also added the following commands to the www.mac.com virtualhost containers :
ProxyRequests On ProxyVia On ProxyPass / WebObjects /Info.woa/wa/Query/accountInfo ! ProxyPass / WebObjects /Info.woa/wa/Query/retrieveDiskConfiguration !
ProxyPass / http://www.mac.com/
Here is my completed www.mac.com vhost config file for your reading enjoyment .
The last loose end is adding iSync support so that I can use my own server to sync Address Book , iCal , and Safari bookmarks between my systems .
Jeremy Baker has headed down that road so I expect to spend some time tinkering with that in the future .
NOTES
Platform Independent
This solution is not even remotely dependent on FreeBSD .
I could have just as easily implemented this solution on my Linux or Mac OS X systems .
I chose my FreeBSD server because it is the gateway between my LAN and the internet .
Because it is dual homed , I can access it locally on the LAN as well as remotely with my PowerBook without playing silly network tricks ( like VPN or SSL tunnels ) .
I do have a few .mac FreeBSD specific build notes
i Photo Homepage publishing
It is broken .
I do not know why .
I intend to figure out why at some point but do n't hold your breath because it is not important to me .
I use Gallery with the iPhotoToGallery plugin and BetterHTMLExport with a template I customized .
iSync
iSync still works with .mac synchronization disabled but I lose the ability to sync between computers if I drop my .mac account .
That would be a major loss .
i Disk disk images
Dominic suggested using disk images for users DAV space .
Combine this with his script for fetching disk usage and you have working per-user disk space reporting .
Science Daily has a neat article on Nimbus , a cloud computing platform that the project ’s team describes as an “ infrastructure - as - a- service ” ( IaaS ) .
To date , organizations are largely adopting the cloud computing model to offload storage and host applications with Web - based front ends .
What Argonne National Lab ’s open source ( Apache v2.0 ) Nimbus project does is run programs that require heavy number crunching via virtual workloads on the cloud .
Therefore , while organizations are looking at clouds to host business apps , productivity suites and databases , some researchers are already harnessing the power of distributed computing for projects typically relegated to the high performance computing ( HPC ) arena .
Keahey and her team developed this open source cloud computing infrastructure to allow scientists working on data - intensive research projects to be able to use such virtual machines with a cloud provider .
Nimbus also allows users to create multiple virtual machines to complete specific computational jobs that can be deployed throughout the cloud and still work in tandem with each other .
This flexibility allows a user to configure a virtual machine and then connect it to resources on a cloud , regardless of who is providing the cloud .
Having this kind of flexibility and on - demand computing power is vital to projects that are extremely data - intensive , such as research efforts in experimental and theoretical physics .
Nimbus has already been deployed successfully to support the STAR nuclear physics experiment at Brookhaven National Laboratory ’s Relativistic Heavy - Ion Collider .
When researchers there needed to turn the massive amounts of data they had generated into viable simulations for an international conference , they used Nimbus to create virtual machines that were run through commercial cloud computing providers .
Did it get your attention ?
Visit the official Nimbus website for an overview and a FAQ on the technology .
Exciting times !
Source : Science Daily
To prevent drying out , place all your newly potted plants in a tray that allows approximately 20 mm of water to sit in the bottom .
If the tray is deeper than about 20 mm , drill holes in the sides so it overflows at 20 mm .
Your plants will not dry out as they suck up the water from the base tray .
You can water directly into the tray .
If you have a tray with holes in it , place a rectanglar piece of heavy plastic inside the tray base before putting your pot plants in the tray .
Make sure the water will overflow at about 20 mm so the plant does not get too much water .
We do this with native trees in New Zealand that require watering from underneath .
They never dry out .
Maybe you could try this .
A Markham man who lost hundreds of thousands of dollars on slot machines is suing the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corp. for $ 3.5 billion , claiming staff allowed him to gamble even though he had authorized them to deny him entry to casinos or throw him out if he went in .
In a statement of claim filed in Ontario Superior Court and served on OLG this week , Peter Dennis argues the province 's voluntary " self - exclusion program " failed to prevent him and others from gambling , and the OLG actually profited from " problem gamblers " unable to stop themselves .
The self - exclusion program allows problem gamblers to sign a form granting casino and racetrack staff the right to use their " best efforts " to bar them or remove them if they are caught inside .
About 12,000 people have signed up .
Rob Moore , a senior OLG vice - president , said he finds it troubling that people might think of the program as a way to not be responsible for dealing with their addiction .
" It 's quite dangerous and misleading to think that one could transfer the responsibility they have once they 've confirmed they have an addiction onto a third party , " he said .
Dennis , a married father of two , became anxious and depressed after losing about $ 350,000 between August 2000 and May 2004 on slot machines , the unproven statement of claim alleges .
He lost a further $ 59,000 during an 11 - week binge , after which he signed a self - exclusion form at Woodbine Racetrack .
The claim , filed on behalf of Dennis and his wife , Zubin Noble , asserts that OLG still allowed Dennis into gambling venues and did not detect or remove him , leading to further losses of $ 200,000 .
Dennis could not be reached for comment .
His Mississauga - based lawyer , Hassan Fancy , declined to comment when reached last night .
Dennis lost his two homes to foreclosure and was fired from his job as an account manager after failing to repay a loan from a client .
The suit seeks damages on behalf of those gamblers who signed on to the self - exclusion program but still managed to keep gambling .
With files from The Canadian Press
Doctor who treated YouTube martyr Neda Agha Soltan in her last moments flees to Britain in fear for his safety
Doctor who treated Neda flees in fear for family 's safety
British journalist arrested in Iran after protests
Tehran ' like a war zone ' after brutal crackdown , say witnesses
President Ahmadinejad compares Obama to Bush
Fresh images of violence on streets emerges
A doctor who was captured on Internet videos helping ' Neda ' , the young Iranian woman killed during the election protests last week , has now fled Iran .
Dr. Arash Hejazi has spoken out about the moment he tried to help the 26 - year - old music student .
' I felt she was trying to ask a question , " Why ? " , ' he said , as he recalled her final moments lying in a street with blood pouring from her body .
Dr. Arash Hejazi is pictured in the white shirt attending Neda as she lays dying on the ground
' She was just a person in the street who was against the injustice going on in her country , and for that she was murdered . '
The doctor is an Iranian who is resident in Britain but told the Times he went to Tehran on a business trip .
Hejazi said Neda Agha Soltan , a 26 - year - old music student , was killed by a government militiaman .
Iran has accused the West , particularly Britain and the United States , of inciting violence .
State television has blamed violence on ' terrorists ' and ' vandals ' .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaking yesterday .
Iran has blamed other countries , including Britain , for political unrest
Martyr : Neda was shot dead at a protest in Tehran on Saturday
Hejazi , 38 , said he fled from Iran when the video footage sped around the world on websites because he feared his own life might be in danger as he could be seen with Soltan .
Before trying to leave , he said he emailed a friend in Britain to say he hoped to join his family in the university city of Oxford where he was studying : ' If something happens to me , please take care of ( my wife and son ) . '
He said he had gone outside into Tehran 's streets only when he and some friends heard a commotion .
Hejazi said Soltan 's death would always haunt him but was glad she had become a global symbol .
' This way her blood is not wasted and she did not die in vain , ' he said .
In Iran , supporters of defeated candidate Mirhossein Mousavi , who says the June 12 presidential poll was rigged , plan to release thousands of balloons on Friday with the message : ' Neda you will always remain in our heart ' .
About 20 people were killed when the disputed poll sparked the worst unrest in Iran since the Islamic revolution in 1979 .
Shocking : YouTube footage of Neda 's final moments have made her an icon around the world
A security crackdown by Iran 's hardline government has largely driven demonstrators off Tehran 's streets this week .
Meanwhile Neda 's family has been forced by Iranian officials to move from their Tehran home , it has been claimed .
Neighbours say that her family left their apartment in eastern Tehran after shocking images of her brutal killing were circulated around the world .
They also claim that police did not hand Neda 's bloodied body back to her family , that her funeral was cancelled , that she was buried without her family 's knowledge , and that the government banned mourning ceremonies at mosques .
' We just know that they [ the family ] were forced to leave their flat , ' a neighbour said .
The claims were reported in The Guardian newspaper , but reporters were unable to contact the family directly to confirm if they had been forced to leave .
The Iranian government is retaliating to criticism over Neda 's death by accusing protesters of killing her and describing her as a martyr of the Basij militia .
Candles have been lit and prayers said across the world , including in Dubai yesterday
Javan , a pro-government newspaper , has gone so far as to blame the recently expelled BBC correspondent , Jon Leyne , of hiring ' thugs ' to shoot her so he could make a documentary film .
The young woman was shot on Saturday evening near the scene of clashes between pro-government militias and demonstrators .
Amid scenes of grief in the Soltan household , neighbours streamed onto the streets to protest at her death .
But the police moved in quickly to quell any public displays of grief .
They soon arrived at the family flat , took down a black banner - a traditional sign of Persian mourning - and reportedly ordered the family to move out .
Since then , neighbours have received suspicious calls warning them not to discuss her death with anyone and not to make any protest .
Meanwhile a reporter with joint British and Greek nationality has been arrested in the country as part of a crackdown on foreign media .
Jason Fowden was arrested as he was attempting to leave the country at the end of last week
Jason Fowden , a Washington Times journalist was arrested as he tried to leave Iran at the end of last week , the Iranian news agency IRNA quoted a culture ministry official as saying .
The British Foreign Office said it was aware of the journalist 's arrest and understood that Greek officials were providing consular assistance .
' We , of course , stand ready to help if needs be , ' a spokeswoman for the department said .
Iran 's intelligence minister Gholamhossein Mohseni - Ejei said some people with British passports were involved in post-election violence in the Islamic Republic .
He also said one of those arrested was ' disguised as a journalist and he was collecting information needed by the enemies ' .
Mohseni - Ejei said : ' Whoever , under any name or title , collects information in Iran will be arrested and so far a foreign journalist has been arrested . '
It is not known how many British passport holders are being held .
As a mass roundup continued across Iran , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad compared Barack Obama with his predecessor George Bush .
The leader said there was no point in talking to Washington unless the U.S. commander - in - chief apologised for remarks earlier this week .
Armed : Iranian security forces are seen sitting near the parliament buildings yesterday in Tehran
Mr Obama had said he was ' appalled and outraged ' by the post-election crackdown and has since withdrawn Independence Day invitations to Iranian diplomats .
' He made a mistake to say those things ... our question is why he fell into this trap and said things that previously ( former U.S. President George W. )
Bush used to say , ' Ahmadinejad said .
' Do you want to speak with this tone ?
If that is your stance then what is left to talk about ...
I hope you avoid interfering in Iran 's affairs and express your regret in a way that the Iranian nation is informed of it . '
There are reports that Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has accepted a request by the country 's top legislative body the Guardian Council to extend the deadline by five days for receiving and looking into election complaints .
However Khamenei has insisted the Iranian establishment and people would not yield to any pressure over the country 's disputed presidential election .
Thousands of police yesterday brutally suppressed a pro-democracy rally in central Tehran .
Witnesses compared the scene to a war zone and described one woman being beaten so savagely that she was drenched in blood and her husband fainted .
Fear : Images of violence in Iran recorded yesterday were revealed on the National Council of Resistance of Iran website
Bloody :
An unidentified victim receives a savage beating
There were also unconfirmed reports that Zahra Rahnavard , the wife of opposition candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi , had been arrested .
In a flurry of postings on blogs and Twitter , demonstrators described people being heavily beaten and shot .
There were claims that a girl had been hit by a hail of bullets and that the feared Basij paramilitaries were preventing people from getting to safety .
One blog , Revolutionary Road , claimed that there were 10,000 policemen massed in Baharestan Square in the south - east of the city .
Correspondents said there were army helicopters flying over the area and that police had used tear gas to suppress the protest .
The square itself had been blocked off , shops closed and the local train station also shut .
Heavy - handed : Police are bused into the centre of Tehran - more can be seen at the top of the picture following on foot
' The streets , squares around Baharestan is swarming with military forces , civilian forces , the security motorists , ' one posting read .
' In Baharestan Square , the police shooting .
A girl is shot and the police is not allowing them to help .
' The girl who was shot was taken to a private clinic , not known yet of her well being ... alive or not .
' People 's mobiles are being controlled in order to find pictures and videos of current violations . '
There were reports of multiple shootings and people being subjected to heavy beatings .
' We saw seven to eight militia beating one woman with baton on ground - she had no defense nothing , ' another post read . '
Revolutionary Road has been one of the more reliable sources of information out of Iran since a media blackout came into force last week .
Reports of shooting in Baharestan Square also seemed to be backed up by Twitter .
IranFreedom3 tweeted : ' Huge number of arrests in Baharestan .
They avoid any stoppage & arrest on the spot '
Another wrote : ' Situation today is terrible - they beat ( people ) like animals . '
Out of control :
The armed police harass demonstrators on the streets
The regime 's crackdown comes in the wake of a wave of arrests across the country .
Human rights workers estimate hundreds have been rounded up , including students , pro-democracy campaigners and workers .
The developments plunged Britain and Iran into an diplomatic row , the kind of which was last seen in the wake of the Islamic Revolution of 1979 .
Two British diplomats were expelled from Iran on Tuesday .
In a tit - for - tat move , Gordon Brown revealed two Iranian diplomats were being kicked out of the UK .
‘ Iran took the unjustified step of expelling two British diplomats over allegations which are absolutely without foundation , ' he told the Commons .
‘ In response to that action , we informed the Iranian ambassador that we would expel two Iranian diplomats from their embassy in London , ’ he said .
Demonstrators gathered outside the British embassy in Tehran and burned British flags , as well as those of the U.S. , France and Italy .
A group of about a hundred hardliners gathered in front of the building chanting ‘ British embassy should be closed ’ and ‘ Down with Britain ’ as tomatoes were hurled at the walls .
Hardline : Iran supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is reported to have accepted a request to extend the deadline by five days for receiving and looking into election complaints
One of the student leaders said : ‘ We do n't need to have such useless relations with Britain ...
If Britain continues its interference in Iran , we will destroy their houses over their heads . '
Britain has ordered the families of British diplomats to leave Tehran and warned UK citizens against any non-essential travel to Iran as tensions have grown .
There are fears that there could be a repeat of the occupation of the U.S. Embassy in 1979 , when students stormed the building and held 52 diplomats hostage for 444 days .
Britain has a long history of involvement in Iran and recent relations have been difficult .
Britain suspended its diplomatic ties after the Islamic revolution in 1979 , only reopening an embassy in 1988 , following the Iran - Iraq war .
Relations were downgraded again in the early 1990s , with full normalisation only taking place in 1998 .
With The Noughties almost at an end , it 's time to reflect .
How will they best be remembered ?
Will people look back at a decade of global disasters , like 9/11 , the world banking crisis and George W Bush ?
Or even the rise of talentless celebs such as Lily Allen , Lindsay Lohan or Britney Spears ?
Well , we could list things all day , but being the shallow idiots we are , we have instead decided to focus on what really matters ?
the sexiest women .
Call it a study of our shifting ideas about beauty and fashion if you like , but it 's really just another excuse to scour the internet for pictures of sexy girls .
Click here to launch the gallery
24 – Gisele
Fancy a ride ?
23 – Kim Kardashian
Have you seen that sex tape ?
22 – Vanessa Hudgens
Almost makes watching High School Musical worthwhile .
No , what are we thinking ?
She does n’t .
21 – Marissa Miller
A Sports Illustrated bikini model .
20 – Britney Spears
OK , so she ’s nuts , but she used to be quite hot .
19 – Keeley Hazell
We can think of two reasons for her inclusion here .
18 – Hayden Panittiere
17 – Halle Berry
16 – Natalie Portman
The only reason anyone watched the Star Wars prequels .
15 – Shakira
Sexy , just do n’t confuse her humble breasts for mountains .
14 – Evangeline Lilly
13 – Tricia Helfer
The sexiest toaster we ’ve ever seen .
12 – Adriana Lima
We are just nuts about this Brazilian .
11 – Beyonce
That Jay - Z is a lucky chap .
10 – Scarlett Johannson
Seems like everyone ’s got Scarlett fever .
9 – Elisha Cuthert
Back in 24 , but is it better ?
No .
8 – Melissa Theuriau
Looks , she can even make earthquakes sexy .
7 – Allesandra Ambrosio
Ambrosio ?
Does n’t that mean ‘ food of the Gods ’ ?
6 – Lena Heady
Makes us proud to be British .
5 – Megan Fox
What a , ahem , fox .
4 – Jessica Biel
Easy virtues ?
We wish .
3 – Tina Fey
Brains , beauty and funny .
Perfect … almost .
2 – Angelina Jolie
Two words – grey wetsuit .
1 – Jessica Alba
We think we ’re in love .
You !
Follow hecklerspray on Twitter !
Every week , Mike Fenster , 32 , bags groceries at a Safeway store as part of that retailer 's partnership with Gompers Habilitation Center .
The Phoenix non-profit helps adults and children with disabilities .
" I like it busy , " Fenster said .
" It makes the day go a lot faster . "
Safeway is one of about a dozen businesses providing training and work experience to the disabled , said Fred Siegel , Gompers vocational director .
The organization counts about 120 people in its program .
" Our folks want nothing more than an opportunity and a little support when it is needed , " Siegel said .
Richard Thompson , manager of the Seventh Street Safeway , said the goal is to make sure the Gompers clients have the necessary skills and experience to get a job on their own when they graduate .
" I think this is a win - win all the way around , " Thompson said .
The non-profit is seeking to partner with additional Valley companies .
" Almost all the stereotypes are proven false once people get to know and work with our clients , " Siegel said .
Critics question the competence of a celibate monk to write about sex A Polish Catholic priest has published a book which provides married couples with a theological and practical guide to spicing up their sex lives .
In his book , Sex as you do n't know it : for married couples who love God , Father Ksawery Knotz aims to sweep away the strait - laced attitudes many hold .
Sex in marriage , the Franciscan friar explains , should not be boring but " saucy , surprising and fantasy packed " .
The book , which has the backing of the Polish Catholic Church , has been a hit .
The Sw .
Pawel publishing house has ordered a reprint after Poles snapped up the first 5,000 copies within weeks of them going on sale .
' Sought - after caresses '
In the book that has been dubbed the " Catholic Kama Sutra " , Father Knotz goes into graphic detail about a subject many in the Church consider taboo .
Some people [ think married sex ] has to be sad like a traditional church hymn
Father Ksawery Knotz " Some people , when they hear about the holiness of married sex , immediately imagine that such sex has to be deprived of joy , frivolous play , fantasy and attractive positions , " he writes .
" [ They think ] it has to be sad like a traditional church hymn .
" Every act - a type of caress , a sexual position - with the goal of arousal is permitted and pleases God .
During sexual intercourse , married couples can show their love in every way , can offer one another the most sought - after caresses . "
Father Knotz believes sex is an important way for a husband and wife to express their love and grow closer to God .
" Married couples celebrate their sacrament , their life with Christ also during sex , " he writes .
" Calling sex a celebration of the marriage sacrament raises its dignity in an exceptional way .
Such a statement shocks people who learned to look at sexuality in a bad way .
It is difficult for them to understand that God is also interested in their happy sex life and in this way gives them his gift . "
But Father Knotz stresses the book does not differ from the Church 's view on sex .
He discourages the use of contraceptives , saying they " lead a married couple outside of Catholic culture and into a completely different lifestyle " .
He also dismisses those that have questioned the competency of a celibate monk to write about sex , saying his experience comes from counselling married couples and from running a website giving sexual advice for almost a year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
