Lego Zombie Toys
The Big Toy Hut is selling custom Lego figures and bringing you exactly the type that we want to see- Lego Zombies .
4 Lego Zombies and a Zombie Hunter are all available to help build your perfect Lego theme .
“ This figure is made with official LEGO pieces and is 100 % compatable with LEGO systems .
The face is made with a decal and has been overcoated for protection .
Heavy play can damage the paint and decal on the figure . “
A recent post on Boing Boing discussed the newly discovered “ rules for jazz performers during the Nazi occupation . ”
Jewish and Black people — two groups targeted by the Nazis — were also the primary innovators of jazz music .
But even as the German state denigrated jazz , jazz musicians , and swing dancers , Nazi soldiers loved jazz !
How to handle such a contradiction ?
Rules for playing jazz music : no “ Jewishy gloomy lyrics , ” no “ Negroid excesses in tempo , ” and no “ hysterical rhythmic reverses characteristic of the barbarian races . ”
It ’s well worth a look , as is this post from 2010 explaining how many groups vilified by Nazis survived the Holocaust by playing jazz for Nazi soldiers …
— — — — — — ——
–
I have a favorite historical musician : Django Reinhardt .
Reinhardt was a Roma jazz musician .
During World War II both Roma and jazz musicians were targeted by the Nazi regime .
Over a million Roma were exterminated for presumed racial inferiority and jazz was believed to combine the worst of Blacks and Jews ( i.e. , “ musical race defilement ” ) .
Just listening to a jazz record could get you sent to a concentration camp .
Reinhardt , however , enjoyed the most lucrative period of his career during the war , while living and playing openly among Nazi soldiers .
How ?
Reinhardt biographer Michael Dregni , recently interviewed by NPR , explained :
The Germans used Paris basically as their rest - and - relaxation center , and when the soldiers came , they wanted wine and women and song .
And to many of them , jazz was the popular music , and Django was the most famous jazz musician in Paris …
And it was really a golden age of swing in Paris , with these [ Romas ] living kind of this grand irony .
Reinhardt , then , survived because the Nazis loved jazz music , even as Hitler censored the music and , on his orders , people who dared to listen to , dance to , or play it were encamped and members of the groups who invented it were murdered .
Irony indeed .
For more on Reinhardt , jazz , and World War II , here is a clip from a documentary on Reinhardt ’s remarkable talent , career , and luck :
— — — — — —— ——
UPDATE : A commenter , Bernardo Soares , offered an interesting critique / clarification in the thread .
Here ’s part of what he had to say :
… I think it is grossly misleading to write that Reinhardt “ enjoyed the most lucrative period of his career during the war ” .
He enjoyed the protection of some individuals in the German occupation force .
This is not so unusual — the composer Richard Strauss who headed the Reichsmusikkammer used his influence to protect some Jewish composers .
But as many other examples show , this was extremely precarious .
As long as these individuals had the power to protect him , he was probably relatively safe , but he could still be shot by any soldier at a whim or be accidentally included in a deportation action .
Also , these individuals could lose their power , or some higher - ranking officer could order him to be deported .
Reinhardt tried several times to escape occupied France .
[ Also ] … the whole issue of music and art politics in the Third Reich is much more complex than stated in the video .
The Reichsmusikkammer ( Reich Music Chamber ) was not the only institution regulating music politics .
As with many other bureaucratic institutions in the Third Reich , several agencies struggled for influence and power .
This means that music politics was often contradictory , and the absence of a clear regulation as stated in the video opened the door for arbitrary measures – again emphasizing the precarious situation of musicians .
The competition and struggle for power between different agencies led to a radicalisation of racial and cultural politics , and this was even taken further in the occupied countries .
I do love this topic .
I also have a post on racial borrowing and lindy hop , the dance that made me love Django .
A paper I wrote about gender and lindy hop can be found in the journal Ethnography .
And I have a talk based on the paper that I love to give in theory classes .
Lust 's End : The Lusty Lady to Close
dmcopernicus on Flickr
At a staff meeting this afternoon , the managers of the Lusty Lady announced they were going out of business and would permanently close their doors in just two months .
Gypsy , a dancer at the Lusty Lady , said the meeting was " heartbreaking " and " very , very emotional " as general manager Darrell Davis , longtime location manager Deborah Seaver , and staff members told stories about working at the iconic , woman - managed peepshow .
Despite the landlord cutting their rent several times in recent years , the Lusty can't afford to pay its bills .
" It 's really the world economic climate , " Davis said in an interview after the meeting .
" Amazingly , pornography is not recession - resistant .
The other recessions we 've had in the past have not had much impact before .
But we 're right across the street from the Washington Mutual Tower , all the small sandwich shops nearby are closing — there 's just no traffic . "
The internet has also steadily eroded business .
" We had our all - time high in 1998 , " Davis said .
" The fact that you can get massive amounts of fairly high - quality pornography for free has had a definite effect . "
_saturnine on Flickr
The peepshow was originally called the Amusement Center — company lore says it took its name from the already - existing sign for a business that used to have pinball machines .
" Then we changed to adult amusement , 16 mm films called ' Panorams , ' " Davis said .
In 1981 , the Amusement Center installed its first New York - style peepshow ( live dancers on a mirrored stage with two private booths for viewing ) and in 1985 changed it name to the Lusty Lady , after a San Francisco business Davis and the other owners had opened .
The SF location was sold to an employee cooperative in the early 2000s and Davis and the other managers focused their efforts on the Seattle location .
The Lusty is known as a friendly , family business .
" Candy [ sister of manager Deborah Seaver ] still sometimes gets up to dance on holidays , " Gypsy said .
" Their daughters work there , too . "
" We 're amazingly different , " Davis said .
" There used to be this idea that ' those kinds of women ' were n't dependable or reliable , all these assumptions about people who take off their clothes and dance for a living .
And we 're women - managed .
I 've been shocked to hear women say they 've felt safer working at the Lusty Lady than in a law office and I 'm like ' what ? !'
Like the RCA dog with my head cocked : I just could n't believe the stories of sexual harassment . "
" I had a very , very hard time not crying at the meeting , " Davis continued .
" One of the women got up and told Deborah that she had taught her all the things her own mother had n't — you could take that sentiment and reproduce it a thousand times for lots of the women who worked with Deborah over the years . "
From Wikipedia .
Mimi Gates , stepmother of Bill Gates and director of the Seattle Art Museum , said " The Lusty Lady 's marquee is a Seattle landmark . "
Support The Stranger More than ever , we depend on your support to help fund our coverage .
Support local , independent media with a one - time or recurring donation .
Thank you !
In 2006 , the Seattle Lusty Lady survived a threatened wrecking ball when the building 's owner , a Seattle family , refused a multi-million - dollar tear - down offer from developers of a new Four Seasons Hotel next door .
The owners instead received $ 850,000 " for air rights to the views over their property " .
Employees celebrated by posting on their reader board : " We 're Open , Not Clothed ! "
Mimi's right : the Lusty 's marquee is a Seattle treasure .
More photos of it here .
Frequently asked questions - FAQ
you need to choose WiiControllerIME with the second button
in your emulator you need to enable " Use input method " in settings ( if there is no such setting , update your emulator ! )
in your emulator you need to map wiimote 's keys to game keys .
You can do that in " Key mappings " inside settings
by contacting me if you have any issues , not mentioned in this FAQ
by saying thanks
by buying me a cup of coffee or a pizza
Your phone is most likey not supported .
So far , Samsung Moment and all HTC phones with Sense UI have been identified as having this issue and thus being unsupported .
See this thread for technical info .
Seems like HTC did something very bad to Android .
See the question above .
Please .
Do I really need to repeat myself ?
It might never .
It is n't my fault though .
See above .
Three things need to be done for this to work ( apart from connecting ) :
Unfortunately , unoriginal wii remotes and classic controllers cause issues such as abruptly disconnecting and misidentifying themselves .
It 's best to stick to original Nintendo hardware .
The only confirmed piece of equipment that does n't cause issues is the Datel 's Retro Wireless Controller so if you 've confirmed that your device works with WiimoteController app , you 're safe to purchase either this or the original Nintendo controller .
See this video .
The first minute shows how to connect the wiimote .
The last minute shows how to set it up in an emulator .
What you saw was a message from the Android , warning you that you 're about to enable a 3rd party input method .
All input methods ( Like Swype , AnySoftKeyboard , HTC_IME , etc ) get this message .
Even if my app was malicious ( which it is n't ) , it can't actually capturewithout being active .
And even when it 's active , it could only capture input from your wiimote .
Long story short , you have nothing to wory about .
It 's to download and show advertisements .
Contact me via email [ wiicontroller.A.T.ccpcreations.D.O.T.com ] .
It is in my interest to make this work on as much devices as I can , but I can't do much if I do n't actually have access to a device .
I might , if I find the time in the future .
But I need to buy a PS3 controller , as I do n't have a PS3 .
You can always contribute to the cause
In a number of ways :
Apple has now sold more than two million iPad tablets , it said Monday , less than two months after the iPad 's April 3 U.S. launch .
On May 28 , Apple started selling the iPad in nine other countries : Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Spain , Switzerland and the U.K .
The iPad will go on sale in nine more countries -- Austria , Belgium , Hong Kong , Ireland , Luxembourg , Mexico , Netherlands , New Zealand and Singapore -- in July , and additional countries later this year , Apple said .
Earlier this month , Apple said it had sold a million iPads in the first 28 days .
Supplies of the gadget have fallen short of demand , and Apple has imposed restrictions on the number a person can purchase .
" We ... are working hard to build enough iPads for everyone , " Apple CEO Steve Jobs said in a statement .
The iPad is driving the burgeoning popularity of tablets , shipments of which could grow sixfold by 2014 , IDC said in research released on May 20 .
Tablet shipments could total seven million by the end of this year , and top 46 million by 2014 , IDC said .
The iPad is a handheld device with which users can view movies , surf the Internet , read e-books and play games .
It has no physical keyboard , but one can be displayed on its 9.7 - inch touchscreen display .
It is 1.27 centimeters thick and weighs 680 grams .
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates said Saturday that he wanted to sharply cut the military bureaucracy and rein in expenditures on armed forces healthcare and departmental overhead as part of an effort to tame runaway Pentagon spending .
Speaking at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library here , Gates presented a roadmap for what might be his last months in office and his final major Pentagon reform push .
Gates said his priority was to flatten a hierarchical military command structure and eliminate military offices and agencies that have little direct role in fighting the nation ’s wars .
Outlining the case for sharp cuts in the number of admirals and generals , Gates repeatedly invoked President Eisenhower ’s admonishment to spend what it takes to defend America ’s interests “ and not one penny more . ”
“ The private sector has flattened and streamlined the middle and upper echelons of its organization charts , yet the Defense Department continues to maintain a top - heavy hierarchy that more reflects 20th century headquarters superstructure than 21st century realities , ” Gates said .
Gates is seeking $ 10 billion to $ 15 billion in savings from the $ 547 - billion Pentagon base budget .
Such a cut , Gates said , would allow the Pentagon to fund military modernization but still keep spending levels under control .
In a roundtable with reporters before the speech , Gates also said pressure on the Pentagon budget from the economic downturn and a desire to trim deficits would lead the government to be more selective in future overseas military operations .
“ I think the Congress and the president will look hard at another military operation that would cost us $ 100 billion a year , ” Gates said .
Gates said that if a real threat emerged , the government would “ spend what it takes ” to protect America .
But he hedged about whether Iran posed such a danger .
“ I do n’t know , ” he said .
“ I think it depends on developments over the next year or two . ”
Gates said he was ordering the military services and other major commands to take “ a hard , unsparing look ” at how they operate and to come up with proposals for sharp cuts .
“ It is not a great mystery what needs to change , ” Gates said .
“ What it takes is the political will and willingness , as Eisenhower possessed , to make hard choices — choices that will displease powerful people both inside the Pentagon and out . ”
The choice of the Eisenhower library for his remarks was not accidental .
Saturday was the 65th anniversary of V - E Day .
And as president , Eisenhower oversaw extensive shifts in military spending , pushing for cuts to offset new spending .
As he was leaving office , Eisenhower issued his now - famous warning about the national clout of the “ military - industrial complex . ”
“ When it came to defense matters , under Eisenhower , real choices were made , priorities set and limits enforced , ” Gates said in his speech .
Gates said he was hardly the first Defense secretary to try to trim the bureaucracy or curb runaway health costs .
He even admiringly cited the efforts of his predecessor , Donald H. Rumsfeld , a Pentagon leader Gates has never sought to emulate .
After the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , Gates noted , a “ gusher ” of defense spending nearly doubled the budget — not counting spending on Iraq and Afghanistan .
But that era is over .
“ The gusher has been turned off and will stay off for a good period of time , ” Gates said .
Gates said he hoped to find savings in the 2010 - 11 budget being debated by Congress .
But the bulk of his proposed cuts probably would come in the next budget , for 2011 - 12 , which will be written beginning this summer and unveiled publicly in February .
Gates may not be around when Congress begins debating that spending plan .
Originally appointed by former President George W. Bush , Gates was kept on by President Obama .
Last year , he committed to remain in office through the end of 2010 .
Some Defense officials have said they expect him to leave at the end of the year .
But some aides say they do not know how long Gates will stay .
And in Saturday ’s roundtable , Gates sounded like he was in no hurry to leave , instead appearing invigorated by the prospect of finding a way to cut wasteful spending and reshape the Pentagon into a more efficient organization .
And despite the failures of many of his predecessors to tame military spending , Gates said he was confident he would push through his reforms .
“ When I devote a lot of my time to it , these things tend to get done , ” Gates said .
Gates has a track record of following through on his policy speeches .
Over 31/2 years , Gates has revamped military planning and eliminated weapons programs .
By his own count , Gates has cut 30 weapons programs that were expected to cost taxpayers $ 330 billion .
Although individual services could resist a push to downgrade some positions to lower ranks , many of the trims under consideration by Gates and his advisors would not likely face strong opposition in either the Pentagon or Congress .
Gates did not offer details on military agencies he would seek to combine or billets he favors downgrading , but said military services and combat commands are beginning to look for savings .
Perhaps the toughest cuts will be those made to the military healthcare system .
Gates said care for soldiers and veterans wounded in Iraq or Afghanistan would not be cut .
Past Pentagon attempts to curb healthcare costs , by raising premiums or co-payments , have been rejected by Congress .
julian.barnes@latimes.com
Spend a few weeks following the leaders of the three main parties and you soon realise that – regardless of the results of tomorrow 's vote — a hierarchy has emerged in this campaign .
When Gordon Brown turns up somewhere , he 's lucky if there 's more than a smattering of party faithful ready to greet him , perhaps two dozen souls holding the odd placard .
That could be a function of his security arrangements , with details of his travel not released in advance , or it could be a commentary on his public standing .
But the harsh truth is that a visit from Brown generates little hoopla .
Next up the pecking order comes David Cameron .
There 's always a healthy number of people at his events , usually arranged photogenically – white men in suits nudged out of shot ; those who are young , female , black or Asian ushered to the front – and reliably ready with a cheer .
But the suspicion lingers that the crowd has not exactly gathered spontaneously , that it has been convened through diligent advance work .
And then there 's Nick Clegg .
When he pops up , there can be up to 400 people waiting for him – even on a rainy morning in Lewisham , south London .
Sure , that 's a tribute to the Liberal Democrats ' famous knack for pavement politics and , admittedly , the local party had a week to organise its people .
But that does n't explain the large number standing in the cold who are neither party members nor even past Lib Dem voters .
Nor does it explain the crowd of onlookers across the street , waiting for the speaker to arrive , nor the people in the flats overlooking the common who open their windows to see the show .
Judged by the unscientific measures of crowd size , enthusiasm and head - turning interest , Clegg is the undisputed star of this campaign .
He managed to pack out a meeting hall in Redcar on a grey , chilly Sunday night – a feat for any politician and a serious achievement , in the ancestrally Labour north - east , for one not wearing a red rosette .
It 's hardly a surprise that he all but stops the traffic in leafy Richmond , south - west London , a seat the Lib Dems already hold .
But here he is at the centre of a giant scrum of press and public , as he tries to squeeze his way into a packed community centre in Labour - held Streatham .
In little over three short weeks , Clegg has gone from a face barely recognised outside the Westminster village to a phenomenon .
Where once his party had to beg for attention , he now has to fend off questions not just from a British press pack at last treating the Lib Dems with respect , but from CNN and a clutch of other foreign reporters , who have made the trek to see the man who threatens to reshape British politics .
The size of his personal protection detail has gone from negligible to serious , men with discreet lapel badges shielding him from the jostling throng whenever he steps off the battlebus and on to the streets .
When his wife , Miriam González Durántez , is in tow , she has to handle a Spanish - language press corps of her own .
These are not scenes that accompany either Brown or Cameron .
For old time Lib Dems , this is all something of a shock .
" There 's a groundswell that we 've never seen before , " says Michael Chuter , a party member in Lewisham since the last great moment of Liberal opportunity , back in the hung parliament days of 1974 .
In Richmond another veteran , Geoffrey Morgan , 79 , admits that he 's more of a Vince Cable man , " but that 's because I 'm old " .
Look , he says , pointing at the rows filled with eager - eyed first - time voters , teenage faces who , in Morgan 's long experience , had never been seen at Lib Dem meetings before .
" He attracts all these youngsters , " he says , marvelling at the novelty of it .
This has prompted Clegg 's more hyperventilating supporters to hail him as the British equivalent of a certain US president also blessed with a knack for reaching those whom politics had never touched before .
Glen Neil , the dreadlocked director of the Palace Project , the community centre that hosted Clegg in Streatham , makes the comparison , speaking of " the Obama effect " .
Riding the wave , the former Play School presenter Floella Benjamin introduces Clegg as if he were indeed about to work Obamaesque miracles .
" There 's a man who 's worked hard to wake up the people of this great land – a great man , who has vision , who puts children first , who has a beautiful wife … "
The Obama parallel is ridiculous of course : the path that carried the young and privileged Clegg from Westminster School to Westminster is hardly comparable to the " improbable journey " that took Obama to the White House .
Clegg 's rhetoric rarely aims for the poetic or the soaring , knowing that in a British political context that would often be plain embarrassing .
But there is one thing the two do have in common .
Clegg scores by seeming utterly sincere .
Here again , a hierarchy emerges .
Brown struggles to communicate in plain , human English ; Cameron is better , having mastered the simple , fluent sentence , but leaves doubts as to whether his words are merely those of a slick salesman .
Clegg is just as fluent as Cameron , his sentences , if anything , even more colloquial and easy to understand .
But he has one great advantage over his Conservative rival : no one so much as raises the question of his sincerity .
He is assumed to be completely genuine .
The latest Guardian / ICM poll found just 17 % regarded Clegg as a creature of spin , fewer than half the 38 % who believed that of Cameron .
Of the three party leaders , voters say Clegg is the least spun .
This is what he shares with Obama .
As a candidate , Obama was universally admired as a brilliant communicator .
But what made him a phenomenon was people 's belief in him : they thought he was for real .
It is what gave Clegg his edge over Cameron in the debates and what people seem to respond to when they meet the Lib Dem leader in person .
Partly it 's his tone of voice , sometimes exasperated , as if straining to make his case .
To some ears , that might sound like impatience , even irritation – the tone of a man who does not suffer fools gladly .
But others seem to hear it as a token of his conviction .
He also deploys colloquialism to deadly effect .
In the TV debates he branded Cameron 's rightwing European allies as " nutters " .
That cut through , because it seemed to cast Clegg as a rule - breaker , a maverick unbound by the conventions of polite political society .
On the road , he does the same thing .
Asked by an unemployed woman about the rate of the jobseeker 's allowance , he comes back with : " JSA 's now , what , 52 quid ? "
That use of " quid " would never come out of Brown 's mouth .
If Cameron said it , it would sound like the master coming down from the big house to address the cotton pickers .
But Clegg gets away with it , sounding like a regular bloke rather than a politician .
Asked yesterday by Jeremy Vine about various hung parliament scenarios , he complained such talk " does my head in " .
His stump speech is full of such phrases , channelling the frustration voters feel in language they themselves might use .
" I do n't understand the point of strategic health authorities , " he says , apparently baffled .
" I do n't understand the point of an NHS computer system that does n't work . "
These do n't sound like talking points he 's mastered , but like genuine cries of irritation uttered as if for the first time .
That they appear in his stump speech again and again is noticed only by the press corps that follows him – who could give parts of the speech themselves , in their sleep .
One of the feelings he stirs is unexpected : it is relief .
For a certain kind of progressive voter – call them the Guardian reader – Clegg voices exactly what they think , but rarely hear from a mainstream politician .
So they applaud when he denounces the " illegal invasion of Iraq " .
They cheer when he promises to lift the " dead weight of debt " left around students ' necks by tuition fees .
They clap when he defends offshore windfarms , not only on environmental but aesthetic grounds :
" They 're rather magnificent actually , tall as the Eiffel Tower , blades as big as the London Eye . "
Add to that his ability to conduct interviews in at least four European languages and his eloquent recent essay in praise of Samuel Beckett , and you can see why many in the Guardian / Radio 4 demographic are swooning .
That said , he has run a far from flawless campaign .
He lets his irritation show too easily , denouncing hostile questions from voters as " ludicrous " or " absurd " .
He prefers the students in their " I agree with Nick " T - shirts .
But his much larger mistake relates to his message .
On 25 April he allowed Andrew Marr to lure him into a question on process , hinting that he would not work with Brown should Labour come third in the popular vote .
Ever since , he has been asked about little else .
Interviews that should have focused on Lib Dem plans for fair taxation or the green economy have instead been attempts to coax Clegg to lean towards either Brown or Cameron as putative coalition partners .
It 's only a theory , but it 's possible that that diversion from the Lib Dem policy " offer " , and on to prospective horse trading , may account for the plateau the party hit in the polls soon after the first TV debate had pushed them so high .
Clegg was at it again yesterday , with an FT interview that seemed to tilt favourably in the Tories ' direction – and also to soften what had appeared to be the hard , non-negotiable Lib Dem precondition of electoral reform .
Even if another interview comes soon , tacking in the opposite direction , it still represents precious airtime Clegg has spent not winning votes .
That said , few in his own party or outside it will criticise Clegg for what he 's achieved in this remarkable campaign .
It 's not just that he put 10 points on the Lib Dem poll rating in a single night .
It 's that he stole " change " from the Tories and " fairness " from Labour , offering himself as the agent of both .
And somehow , in the process , he became the first leader of the Lib Dems – a party associated for years with sandals , lentils and beards – to shine with a little stardust .
A national anti-illegal - immigration group has pulled out of a planned June 5 rally in Phoenix to support Arizona 's immigration law because of a key organizer 's alleged links to neo -Nazis .
The website for the " Phoenix Rising " Arizona Rally and Freedom March event scheduled for Wesley Bolin Plaza lists as " confirmed " speakers former Rep. Tom Tancredo , R - Colo. , Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio , state Sen. and Senate Bill 1070 sponsor Russell Pearce , R - Mesa , and GOP Senate challenger J.D. Hayworth , although a spokesman said Hayworth wo n't be participating .
The rally intends to show support for the statute , Gov. Jan Brewer and other Arizona lawmakers who supported the legislation .
The law makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally .
It states that an officer engaged in a lawful stop , detention or arrest shall , when practicable , ask about a person 's legal status when reasonable suspicion exists that the person is in the U.S. illegally .
As of late Friday , the event 's Facebook page had 3,688 members .
But William Gheen , president of Americans for Legal Immigration Political Action Committee , or ALIPAC , is distancing his group from event organizer Daniel Smeriglio of Hazleton , Pa. , over Facebook connections to White supremacists and a European neo -Nazi musical act .
" We have worked diligently behind the scenes to try to resolve this situation with the knowledge that our political opposition does have strong evidence of neo -Nazi supporters being involved with the event still going forward on the 5th , " ALIPAC said Thursday in a written statement .
" We feel it is completely unacceptable that Dan Smeriglio and Tom Tancredo or anyone else would put the brave activists , lawmakers , candidates , and citizens of Arizona at risk by proceeding with an event that our opponents can use to harm our cause of stopping and reversing illegal immigration . "
Smeriglio , whose group is called Voice of The People USA , could not be reached for comment but defended himself in a lengthy written statement on his website .
He strenuously denied being a racist .
" Out of the 2,200 friends on my Facebook page , two apparently had or have some association with groups that do NOT represent my beliefs , particularly regarding illegal immigration , " Smeriglio wrote .
" When this was brought to my attention I immediately removed and blocked the two individuals in question , because I stand against illegal immigration with no hatred in my heart for any person , race or religion . "
Smeriglio said he never listened to the lyrics of Saga , a White nationalist singer from Sweden .
" I do not have the ability to do a background check on every person or band out of thousands that I come into contact with on Facebook , " he said .
" To link me with this band is absurd and was done with malicious intent . "
Tancredo , who while in Congress was perhaps Capitol Hill 's best - known border hard - liner , also defended Smeriglio on the Phoenix rally 's website .
" The allegations against one of the rally 's organizers , Daniel Smeriglio , have been examined and are not only without merit , they are the worst kind of character assassination that no decent person in politics , left , right or center , should condone , " Tancredo said in the statement .
Mark Sanders , a spokesman for Hayworth , on Friday said Hayworth wo n't be appearing at the Phoenix rally .
Hayworth , a former Arizona congressman , is running against Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , in the Aug. 24 GOP primary and has been endorsed by ALIPAC .
" We have a conflict , " Sanders said .
On Friday , Gheen said he was n't interested in talking further about the June 5 rally , saying that ALIPAC activists are putting their emphasis on spreading Arizona 's immigration law to other states .
The ink was barely dry on President Barack Obama ’s signature before the RAND Corp.
released a report concluding that , not only would the hard - won health care package fail to curb health insurance premium increases , but the bill itself would drive premiums for young people up as much as 17 percent .
This should not have been a surprise : the Congressional Budget Office had already warned that the plan would do almost nothing to reduce premium hikes .
And when New York implemented the same type of insurance reforms in the 1980s , it led to an increase of nearly $ 500 per year for young people .
But somehow , the media did n’t pay much attention .
And , of course , during the health care debate , no presidential speech was complete without a promise that “ if you have health insurance today , and you like it , you can keep it . ”
But the Congressional Budget Office now says that as many as 10 million workers will lose their current insurance under Obamacare .
Some of those workers will have to buy new insurance through the government - run exchanges .
Millions more will be thrown onto Medicaid .
In addition , the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Studies reports that half of seniors currently enrolled in the Medicare Advantage program will lose their coverage under that program and be forced back onto traditional Medicare .
And how many times did President Obama criticize the United States for having the highest health care spending in the world ?
Well , late last month the government ’s chief actuary released his report on the bill , showing that the bill will actually increase health care spending by $ 311 billion over 10 years .
At the same time , the report warned that promised future spending cuts , particularly those for Medicare , are unlikely to occur .
“ The longer - term viability of the Medicare reductions is doubtful , ” wrote Richard Foster , chief actuary of the Medicare and Medicaid systems .
What cuts do occur could have a severe impact on the quality of health care .
As many as 15 percent of hospitals and other institutions could be forced out of business , according to the report , “ possibly jeopardizing access to care ” for millions of Americans .
With spending going up , and future savings likely to fall short of promises , we can expect higher deficits and , of course , higher taxes .
The most recent estimates suggest that the taxes already in the bill will likely end up costing middle - class workers and small businesses an extra $ 1,000 per year .
Now the most recent report from the Congressional Budget Office warns that nearly 4 million Americans , nearly three - quarters of them middle - class workers , will be hit with fines for failing to meet the government ’s mandateto buy insurance .
Those penalties will average nearly $ 1,000 per person in 2016 .
All this , and the health care “ reform ” law is merely a month old .
Perhaps this is why nearly 56 percent of American voters now favor repealing the bill .
This episode provides a lesson , not just for health care reform , but more generally for the Obama administration ’s policies .
When critics of the health care bill raised these concerns during the debate , they were accused of “ fear - mongering . ”
It was said that they were “ opposed to reform , ” or were in the pockets of the insurance industry .
Now , as the administration presses forward with its other initiatives , including financial regulation and , possibly , “ cap - and - trade ” energy taxes , the same modus operandi is in action .
Those who raise questions are derided as opposing “ reform ” and siding with the banks , energy companies or whoever the enemy of the day is .
The bills need to be rushed through .
There is no time for real debate .
But maybe , just maybe , the first month of Obamacare should serve as a lesson : Legislate in haste ; repent in leisure .
WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Letters to the Editor : E-mail to letters@ocregister.com .
Please provide your name and telephone number ( telephone numbers will not be published ) .
Letters of about 200 words will be given preference .
Letters will be edited for length , grammar and clarity .
https://www.dead.net/features/7-walkers/doin-new-orleans-crawl-bill-kreutzmann-talks-about-7-walkers-gd-archives-and-more
Doin ' the New Orleans Crawl : Bill Kreutzmann Talks About 7 Walkers , GD Archives and More
I showed up at the Great American Music Hall in San Francisco on April 9 to see Bill Kreutzmann ’s new band — 7 Walkers — with limited expectations .
I had heard a snippet of one song on David Gans ’ radio show , I believe , but somehow singer / guitarist Papa Mali ( real name : Malcolm Welbourne ) had eluded me though the years , and I did n’t really know much about him other than that he was from Louisiana originally .
Photos depicted a large white guy with long dreadlocks and big sunglasses ; sort of a cross between George Clinton and Dr. John !
Throw in George Porter Jr. on bass and I thought we had the makings for a pretty good show of New Orleans funk ; always a good time !
But what I heard at the Music Hall was so much more .
First of all , the show opened with a freeform jam that started with some feedback , then found all four guys ( Bill K , Papa Mali , Porter and keyboardist Matt Hubbard ) sliding into a spooky , swampy intro passage , before Porter laid down a steady midtempo pulse that became a jumping off point for some very cool explorations .
Bill Kreutzmann and George Porter Jr .
onstage at the Great American Music Hall in SF April 9 .
Photo : Dave Clark/daveclarklive.net © 2010
Right off the bat it was clear that Papa Mali is a different sort of guitar player — content to build lines with subtle variations rather than flash , but also ready , willing and able to push the envelope in sometimes astonishing ways at the drop of a hat — and Hubbard is a skilled and forthright keys man ; they ’re a great combo .
A happy and smiling Bill was swinging free from the start , all over his kit and cymbals , making it look so natural and easy .
I sometimes forget how powerful he can be when he ’s the sole drummer , since he can also be so slippery and seductive in his playing .
And George Porter Jr. was right on it , too , layin ’ down a thick carpet underneath it all .
After a zillion variations over the course of about 12 minutes — from mysterioso “ Riders on the Storm ” - ish moments to more jazz - inflected musings , the band eventually ended up at a rockin’ “ Deal ” ; wow , did n’t see that coming .
“ Death Do n’t Have No Mercy ” took on a New Orleans tempo and texture , with Hubbard switching to trombone for a spirited workout , and the long jam that came next — which seemed to be oozing “ Other One ” as it spilled through the Music Hall , actually turned out to be a drop - cloth for a couple of quick verses of the John Lee Hooker ( and before him , Leadbelly ) tune “ Bottle Up and Go . ”
OK , now I ’m officially confused — but happily so !
That was followed by the first of two consecutive tunes written by Papa Mali and Robert Hunter .
No lie , “ Evangeline ” may be my favorite post - Garcia Hunter song to date .
It ’s a hypnotic love ballad with a central riff that ’s slightly reminiscent of the Stones ’ “ Moonlight Mile ” — kind of snakey , but in this case also dripping with bayou moss : the ghostly guitar drenched in tremolo and reverb , Bill playing with mallets instead of regular sticks , Porter underscoring the plaintive lead vocal with bass accents , Hubbard ’s piano dancing delicately through the thick atmosphere .
I love the chorus : “ She can make the rain clouds open up and pour / She can make the lightnin ’ flash , make the thunder roar … ”
This version clocked in at about nine minutes of sheer bliss — in fact I would ’ve loved to hear a couple of minutes of slide guitar in the middle ; it cries out for it !
I ’ve had the riff going through my head ever since I heard it ; love it !
Then , with nary a break , came a second new tune , “ 7 Walkers , ” which also had a slightly eerie cast to it , but mostly chugged along at a deliberate New Orleans clip — Papa Mali
Papa Mali brings the swamp - funk at the Music Hall .
Photo : Dave Clark/daveclarklive.net © 2010
played a fine solo that nicely combined slide , wah - wah and sustain in a way that was somewhat reminiscent of Duane Allman in places ; in fact his slide playing was very effective all night , even when it was more for color than show .
From there , Papa Mali steered the set into a compact but effective “ Lovelight , ” which cruised into the first of a couple of duets between Bill and George Porter , and then a N’awlins medley of “ Hey Pocky Way ” ( sung by Porter ) , a brief stab at “ Iko ” and finally “ Shoe Fly ” — a song I think I last heard in about fourth grade .
Quite a powerful and diverse set all in all .
I ’ll just touch briefly on the fine second set .
It opened with a pair of Dead tunes — “ Bertha ” and “ Wharf Rat ” ( the latter giving Papa Mali a chance to show some more depth as a singer ) — then went back to the French Quarter for the Professor Longhair nugget “ Junco Partner , ” which moved seamlessly into another new Hunter - Papa Mali original , the infectious “ New Orleans Crawl . ”
There was a stand - alone “ I Know You Rider , ” followed by another new tune , “ Sue From Bogalusa . ”
After a potent “ Other One ” jam and more sparks from Bill and George , the show ended with “ Sugaree ” ( apparently required at every Dead - related concert ) into “ Not Fade Away . ”
So , something old , something new , something borrowed … and a bit of the blues !
Nice !
A couple of days later , I tracked Bill down and asked him a few questions about his latest enterprise .
And here ’s a soundtrack to accompany the interview : A great - sounding SBD - aud matrix of the whole Great American Music Hall show , courtesy of archive.org .
You can listen here .
Hey , Bill !
How ya doin ’ today ?
I could n’t be better , man !
I ’m in Mill Valley right now , I ’m going to be going to San Francisco in a while , and tomorrow I ’m flying down to Florida to play the Wanee Festival .
Which is always a good time , I hear .
It is .
I played there once before and it was a lot of fun .
Of course I ’m playing with this new band , 7 Walkers .
You know , George Porter , Jr. is playing bass in that band now .
It ’s been so great .
It ’s over the top !
Every dream I ’ve ever had is coming true this year , and last year , too .
I ’ve gotten to play with so many great musicians .
Tell me about how this band came together .
About two years ago now , I was with my girlfriend Amy home in Hawaii and she said , “ Have you ever listened to Papa Mali ? ” I said , “ No , who ’s that ? ”
And she put it on and I loved it immediately .
It ’s his original take on New Orleans - style music , which I ’ve always loved , of course .
That same year , we went to the Oregon Country Fair and he was headlining on the main stage , so I got to watch him there for an hour - and - a - half ; he had a three - piece band .
I just loved the music and I could tell the cat was for real .
Then he came over and met me at my trailer at the Fair and you could n’t separate us for ten hours .
I mean , we just talked and talked and talked .
You know , my mother is from New Orleans .
Really ?
I did n’t know that .
Yeah , I do n’t tell a lot of people that , but it ’s true .
Malcolm [ Papa Mali ] is from New Orleans , and of course George Porter , Jr. is from there , too , and still lives there .
Malcolm lives in Austin now .
“ Papa Mali ” is a handle he picked up in Africa .
When he went to Mali , the natives there called him “ Papa Mali ” so he uses that now .
Did the band take its name from the Hunter song called “ 7 Walkers ” ?
Yeah , that ’s right .
We were down in the studio in Austin about six months ago working on these songs and we all agreed it could be a great name for a group .
It stuck .
The studio in Austin is called The Nest and that was a great place .
It ’s all analog .
Now I ’m totally back on analog .
We ’re even hoping to put out this record in vinyl , too .
Is the record still a work in progress ?
Yes , but it ’s actually pretty close to being done .
I think it ’ll be done by the end of May .
I ’m really happy with it .
You know , originally [ the other band members ] wanted to fly home Sunday after our gig in Santa Cruz [ at Moe ’s Alley , April 10 ] but it did n’t work out ; instead Malcolm calls me and says , “ Billy , you want to come to San Francisco and record ? ”
He already had a studio lined up !
I was in Santa Cruz , but I drove up there and we got three more songs done just like that .
One of the things we did is we re-recorded “ 7 Walkers ” — we wanted to see if we could try something a little different with it .
And Justin [ Bill ’s filmmaker / videographer son ] was there shooting video .
What ’s going on in that song “ 7 Walkers ” ?
Well , it ’s a Hunter song so it ’s hard to say exactly .
[ Laughs ]
Hunter always writes with mucho entrendre , and he also writes timelessly .
What going on in that song , I think , is protection : it ’s like there ’s some beautiful , high energy looking over all of us human beings ; looking over this earth .
Hunter does n’t ever talk about religion or anything like that , but he will talk about spiritual things .
How is that he came to write songs for the group ?
I asked him : “ Hey , would you write some songs for my new band ? ”
And he said , “ Sure , absolutely ! ” And Malcolm could n’t believe it !
“ You ’re kidding !
He ’s gonna write songs for us ? ”
The coolest thing happened last Friday night .
We played at the Great American Music Hall and Hunter was there .
I introduced him to Malcolm and the rest of the guys in the band and he and Hunter both almost had tears in their eyes — they appreciate each other so much .
Hunter likes the way Malcolm approaches this music , and Malcolm is really aware of not trying to re-write songs , because Hunter hates that and I do n’t blame him .
It must have been fun for Hunter to work in that New Orleans vibe .
Definitely .
Malcolm asked me : “ Did Hunter live in New Orleans for a long time , or did he really study New Orleans ?
’ Cause he knows more about New Orleans than a lot of people who live there ! ”
I said , “ No , that ’s just Hunter ’s magic . ” [ Laughs ]
So “ New Orleans Crawl ” and “ Sue from Bogalusa ” are both his ?
Right , and we have another one I really like called “ Louisiana Sun ” which is on my web page [ as performed by the BK3 ] — I ’d really like to encourage people to go to Billkreutzmann.com .
There are a few songs on there from the new band .
As someone who ’s only seen the Music Hall gig , I ’ve never seen your regular bass player .
Tell me about Reed Mathis .
Well , I love Reed dearly , and he ’s an excellent player ; a really creative musician .
But he ’s playing with Tea Leaf Green now so much of the time , he could n’t devote enough time to the 7 Walkers band , so George has pretty well taken over that position now .
Wow , nothing to complain about there !
You do n’t hear me complaining , do you ?
[ Laughs ]
Had you played with him before ?
I know George was in Mickey ’s band for a while …
Right .
No , I ’d never played with him before the gig in Cotati six days ago now .
If you were to compare him to someone like Phil , I guess you ’d say that George is more of a pocket player .
He ’s a total pocket player , but he ’s also really melodic and has great musical ideas .
I ’m so happy to be with a pocket player because I need that .
That ’s really one of the big functions of the bass in most bands , of course .
And I missed that in the Grateful Dead a little bit sometimes .
Jerry was really the pocket player there .
He and I would lock down the groove , and Mickey would do the embellishment on top .
You and George had a couple of nice little duet passages the other night .
That stuff just comes off the top .
We did n’t plan it or anything .
But he ’s really a fun guy to play with , as you could probably tell .
And how about Matt Hubbard ?
I ’m not really familiar with him .
He lives in Austin also , and is an old friend of Malcolm’s .
They write great music and they work really well in the studio .
He happens to be married to Willie Nelson ’s niece .
He ’s one of those guys who sings good , plays keyboards , harmonica … plays trombone good .
I liked the trombone part of that New Orleans -y take on “ Death Do n’t Have No Mercy . ”
Is n’t that fun ?
We ’re doing some of the Grateful Dead ’s songs ; songs we covered , or the Hunter songs , which were my favorites .
I think the audience likes to hear some Grateful Dead , but it ’s not our mainstay ; we have all these other songs , and the New Orleans stuff .
Was Malcolm familiar with the Grateful Dead oeuvre ?
Oh yeah , sure !
He keeps wanting to do more songs .
Let ’s see , we did “ Deal ” and “ Bertha ” … I think he ’s really soulful on “ Wharf Rat . ”
So that would have been his choice , not yours ?
Yeah , he brought it in and I happen to really love that song .
He was even talking about doing “ Dark Star , ” but I think we ’ll leave that one alone for a while .
We might do it someday , but it ’s not tops on my list .
Do n’t get me wrong — it ’s an incredible song and I love playing it .
Actually , the show in general was a lot spacier than I was expecting …
Like that opening jam that went all over the place before it settled on “ Deal . ”
Well , that ’s how I think .
I like free music like that .
I like to make up music right on the spot , and that ’s what we did on that opening jam .
We ’ve done an opening jam on every show we ’ve done so far , and it feels wonderful because you do n’t have to follow any rules .
Those guys come up with changes and they ad lib and I can start playing a rhythm and they pick up on it right away .
Friday night you probably heard George picked up the rhythm first and I jumped in on the rhythm he was playing .
We listen to each other really closely with big ears .
It ’s like the way we ’re talking right now , except with music .
It ’s really fun .
Hey , I read a really interesting thing the other day I wanted to mention to you .
These doctors are being allowed to use psychedelics [ for research ] for the first time in a long time .
I guess they ’re using mushrooms [ actually psilocybin , the active ingredient in mushrooms ] .
And I was thinking , “ Gosh we ’ve been doing that for so long — using psychedelics to help our music . ”
And now they ’re finally looking into how it helps some people with depression , it helps memory , it helps them be happier .
I actually take a little “ anointment , ” we ’ll call it , every night I play now .
Just the smallest amount , because it does n’t take much to open that doorway once it ’s been opened .
I ’m sure a lot of the crowd is right there with you .
[ Laughs ]
Well , I do n’t ever want to take so much where my cymbals are melting or it feels like I ’m holding 50 drumsticks or something .
But it was fun to read that article — it was like a pat on the back —
“ Yeah , man , this has been the right thing . ”
Because the government put out all that hogwash about how it was terribly dangerous for you and it ’s going to hurt your DNA and all those lies they put out to try to frighten people .
Is it fair to say the BK3 is currently on the backburner while you ’re doing this ?
Yeah .
Oteil [ Burbridge , bassist ] is playing with Derek Trucks and Susan Tedeschi and he loves that .
And the Allmans , of course , though I do n’t think they ’re doing quite as much this year as they did last year .
And Scott [ Murawski , lead guitarist ] has the groups he ’s playing with — he ’s playing with the Mike Gordon Band and with Max Creek .
So do you see 7 Walkers going through the rest of the year ?
I sure do , and longer I hope .
We ’re already talking about making another record , even though the first one is n’t even out .
I bet since Friday night Hunter has probably written three or four more songs .
[ Laughs ]
He ’s on a monster roll right now .
Malcolm is a really interesting guitar player .
He ’s a super guitar player .
I especially love how he plays slide or bottleneck .
He takes chances , which I love .
And then you put George and me in there and you ’ve got psychedelic - meets - New Orleans .
I think our fans are going to like it because I know most of them like New Orleans - style music I think it ’s a really rich combination .
I ’m a happy man ! [ Laughs ]
So , New Orleans is on your itinerary , right ?
Right .
We get down there on the April 26th and start playing on the 29th .
I ca n’t wait for this one gig we ’re playing there — it ’s at a place called Mardi Gras World , which is this place where they store all the Mardi Gras floats , and it starts at 12 midnight .
That should be great !
I wanted to mention one more thing if I can .
On Monday afternoon [ April 12 ]
I went back down to Santa Cruz — after I ’d played there on Saturday night — and I went to the [ Grateful Dead ]
Archives in the library there and I had the best time !
It was so amazing .
I was holding back tears — I was so happy seeing how hard these people are working and how they ’re organizing it all so well .
And what ’s cool is that will be another place for Dead Heads to go and congregate .
I think it ’s going to be open to the public in about a year and a half .
Maybe Dead Heads will be able to see envelopes they sent in , or ticket stubs , or other memorabilia .
They ’ve got so much great stuff there .
I ’d also urge people who have cool stuff they ’ve collected from shows over the years to send it to the archives .
I was blown away .
It ’s such an honor to have a place devoted to your history while you ’re still alive to appreciate it .
Well , God bless Eileen Law [ the GD ’s official liaison with the fans ] for saving all that stuff !
Exactly !
Thanks for saying that .
Thank you , Eileen !
* * *
We should also note that the latest edition of the Rhythm Devils band , this time featuring Bill , Mickey , Sikiru , singer - guitarists Keller Williams and Davy Knowles and bassist Andy Hess will be hittin’ a handful of shows in July .
You can find out more here .
In this artist conception of the unique binary star NLTT 11748 , the larger but less massive helium white dwarf star is partially eclipsed by the smaller but more massive normal white dwarf , which is about the size of the earth .
Image credit : Steve Howell / Pete Marenfeld / NOAO
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Astrophysicists at UC Santa Barbara are the first scientists to identify two white dwarf stars in an eclipsing binary system , allowing for the first direct radius measurement of a rare white dwarf composed of pure helium .
The results will be published in the Astrophysical Journal Letters .
These observations are the first to confirm a theory about a certain type of white dwarf star .
The story began with observations by Justin Steinfadt , a UCSB physics graduate student who has been monitoring white dwarf stars as part of his Ph.D. thesis with Lars Bildsten , a professor and permanent member of UCSB 's Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics , and Steve Howell , an astronomer at the National Optical Astronomy Observatory ( NOAO ) in Tucson , Ariz .
Brief eclipses were discovered during observations of the star NLTT 11748 with the Faulkes Telescope North of the Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope ( LCOGT ) , a UCSB - affiliated institution .
NLTT 11748 is one of the few very low - mass , helium - core white dwarfs that are under careful study for their brightness variations .
Rapid snapshots of the star -- about one exposure every minute -- found a few consecutive images where the star was slightly fainter .
Steinfadt quickly realized the importance of this unexpected discovery .
" We 've been looking at a lot of stars , but I still think we got lucky ! " he said .
Avi Shporer , a postdoctoral fellow at UCSB and LCOGT , assisted with the observations and quickly brought his expertise to the new discovery .
" We knew something was unusual , especially as we confirmed these dips the next night , " Shporer said .
The scientists observed three - minute eclipses of the binary stars twice during the 5.6 - hour orbit .
The excitement of the discovery and the need to confirm it rapidly led to the use of the 10 - meter Keck Telescope , located on Mauna Kea in Hawaii , just five weeks after the first observation .
The team also brought in David Kaplan , a Hubble Fellow and KITP postdoctoral fellow .
Bildsten and Kaplan arranged for use of the Keck by swapping time they had reserved for another project with Geoff Marcy at UC Berkeley .
During that night , the scientists were able to measure the changing Doppler shift of the star NLTT 11748 as it orbited its faint , but more massive , white dwarf companion .
" It was amazing to witness the velocity of this star change in just a few minutes , " said
Kaplan , who was present at the Keck telescope during the observations .
These observations led to the confirmation of an important theory about white dwarf stars .
Stars end their lives in many ways .
" The formation of such a binary system containing an extremely low mass helium white dwarf has to be the result of interactions and mass loss between the two original stars , " said Howell .
White dwarf stars are the very dense remnants of stars like the sun , with dimensions comparable to the earth .
A star becomes a white dwarf when it has exhausted its nuclear fuel and all that remains is the dense inner core , typically made of carbon and oxygen .
One of the stars in the newly discovered binary is a relatively rare helium - core white dwarf with a mass only 10 to 20 percent of that of the sun .
The existence of these special stars has been known for more than 20 years .
Theoretical work predicted that these stars burn hotter and are larger than ordinary white dwarfs .
Until now , their size had never been measured .
The observations of the star NLTT 11748 by this research group have yielded the first direct radius measurement of an unusual white dwarf that confirms this theory .
The other star in the binary is also a white dwarf , albeit a more ordinary one , composed of mostly carbon and oxygen with about 70 percent of the mass of the sun .
This star is more massive and also much smaller than the other white dwarf .
The light it gives off is 30 times fainter than that of its partner star in the binary .
Bildsten credits the scientific collaborations at UCSB for the success of this work , noting that the original team was expanded to include KITP , the Physics Department , and LCOGT to quickly respond to the new discovery .
" A particularly intriguing possibility to ponder is what will happen in 6 to 10 billion years , " said Bildsten .
" This binary is emitting gravitational waves at a rate that will force the two white dwarfs to make contact .
What happens then is anybody 's guess . "
Explore further
White dwarf and ultra-cool dwarf keep their distance
The first of many reviews planned for ClimateSight !
Climate change skeptics like to imply that Al Gore ’s word is all we have going for us .
That our faith in the theory is upheld simply because he supports it .
That he ’s brainwashed us all and we should think for ourselves .
If it sounds like I ’m exaggerating , go check out some YouTube comments – and even entire videos – dedicated to these concepts .
But the truth is , Al Gore could have never existed and the scientific theory of anthropogenic climate change would be the same as it is today .
Let ’s take some time for historical context .
The greenhouse effect began to be studied in the late 1800s by Svante Arrhenius .
The current theory that anthropogenic CO2 emissions are causing the Earth ’s temperature to rise was hypothesized by Guy Callendar in the 1930s .
A great historical account of climate science is available to read online here .
The beginnings of the modern - day scientific view were present before Al Gore was even born .
The idea that he thought up the whole conspiracy theory quickly falls apart .
( But if you ’d like a good laugh , check out this April Fool ’s article .
It made my day . )
Al Gore was educated at Harvard .
He was fascinated by courses from Roger Revelle , another climatology pioneer .
Before long , though , Gore became interested in politics .
He graduated with a BA in government .
Try swaying the minds of every major scientific establishment in the world when the only formal education you have in climatology is a couple of undergraduate courses .
I ’m sure Al Gore understands climate change better than most members of the general public .
I ’m also sure that the folks at national academies of science and organizations such as NASA , all at the top of our credibility spectrum , understand climate change a heck of a lot better than Al Gore .
Check out what they ’re saying here ( thanks to Logical Science , who cited all of the statements so well ) .
It ’s clear that , under our credibility spectrum , Al Gore would fall under the professional .
He keeps well up to date with the scientific literature , but is not a scientist himself .
He is only slightly more credible than the average person .
And with this context , let ’s take a look at An Inconvenient Truth .
An Inconvenient Truth ( 2006 ) – Review
This is definitely not an example of scientific literature .
It was not intended to be , and should not be taken as such .
This is not to say that Gore ’s statements about climate change are wrong .
His overall message is greatly supported by the scientific community .
However , it ’s not the kind of text you ’d want to cite in a research paper .
It ’s clear that the purpose of this documentary was to increase public awareness , not to imitate a science textbook .
Taken in that context , An Inconvenient Truth fulfills its purpose tremendously – almost too well , I ’d say , as the first thing that comes to most people ’s minds when they hear about the theory of climate change is not the IPCC , national academies of science , or university professors , but Al Gore .
A lot of people think it ’s Al Gore ’s problem , and not much else .
And , sadly , if you wanted to take down the scientific side of Gore ’s argument , it would n’t be too hard .
Early in the film , Al Gore says that we are adding to the greenhouse effect by “ thickening ” the atmosphere .
This is more than just oversimplification .
Burning fossil fuels not only increases CO2 concentrations in the atmosphere , it decreases O2 concentrations , by attaching one carbon atom to each molecule of oxygen in the combustion process .
Read more about this concept here .
We are not “ thickening ” the atmosphere at all .
But someone who watched An Inconvenient Truth could come away with that impression .
That person would be very vulnerable to claims such as “ Carbon dioxide only makes up 0.04 % of the atmosphere . ”
The relative abundance of a gas in the atmosphere would seem important for its radiative properties , while basic laws of chemistry indicate that it is not .
Luckily , the major misconceptions ended there .
However , Al Gore used anecdotal evidence , rather than citing cumulative studies , almost exclusively .
For example , he showed pictures of a dozen or so glaciers across the world that were retreating .
It could n’t be too hard to find the same amount of glaciers that were advancing and present them as proof that Gore was wrong .
What would be considered appropriate evidence would be a study that examined every major glacier in the world and determined the percentage that were retreating vs advancing .
Al Gore used similar tactics with evidence such as heat waves , hurricanes , and tornadoes .
He referred to specific events and / or regional records rather than looking at the processes on a global scale .
However , anecdotal evidence is much more compelling to an audience than a bunch of graphs .
For the purpose of his documentary , we can probably forgive Gore for that misstep .
There were points in the documentary where it was unclear whether Gore was using a historical event as evidence or as an example of how bad the future could be .
For example , when the film examined Hurricane Katrina , it was hard to tell if Gore ’s message was , “ This was caused by climate change ” – which is almost impossible to determine for a specific event ; you ca n’t really prove that it would n’t have happened anyway – or “ Look at how devastating hurricanes can be – and they could become more frequent . ”
The last scientific complaint I have to make against An Inconvenient Truth is the lack of time scale provided .
When Al Gore showed how a sea level rise of 20 feet ( ~7 m ) would affect coastlines across the world , he failed to mention that such an event is not expected for another few centuries .
In the IPCC 4th report , a rise of 18 to 59 cm is expected by 2100 .
If we keep going at our current pace , we ’ll eventually hit 7 m , but it wo n’t be in the next few decades , as he seems to imply .
I do n’t see what the harm would be in telling the audience when the 7 m rise would happen – if anything , it would increas his credibility .
The idea of such a catastrophe being 200 years away does n’t make it any less scary to me .
That ’s the science stuff out of the way .
Now let ’s look at the real purpose of the film – the implications for policy .
Al Gore is probably one of the most experienced people in the world on climate change legislation .
He is , after all , a politician , and spent a great deal of his career trying to pass emission targets .
Gore provided an especially good argument as to why we do n’t have to choose between the environment and the economy ; how environmental action could actually foster economic growth .
Of course , he took as many stabs at the Republican party as he could in this part of the film .
I also enjoyed the “ frog in boiling water ” metaphor , regarding how a slow change can go unnoticed by the human brain until it ’s too late .
The psychology of fear and how it relates to climate change is fascinating to me .
I ’d recommend that you all read this editorial , written by psychologist Dr Daniel Gilbert .
( Do n’t be put off by the title – it makes more sense after you read the article ! )
And , of course , as major climate change legislation has yet to be passed in the States , Gore ended on the note of individual action .
The things we ’ve all heard before – ride your bike , insulate your attic , get a low - flow showerhead .
As important actions as these are to take , realistically , they will not be enough .
We need major policy changes if we hope to make any difference in our total emissions .
As Thomas Homer - Dixon said , “ We ’re not going to get there by changing our lightbulbs . ”
Overall , I think An Inconvenient Truth fulfilled its purpose , which was to increase public awareness and encourage action .
We just need to remember that it was never intended to be a solid source of scientific data .
After all , we have much more than Al Gore on our side .
Give thy thoughts no tongue .
( ~ Hamlet , Act 1 , Scene 3 )
Mr. Tess went grocery shopping , and what did he find : a frozen 3 pound tongue !
Oh no
room in the freezer , so what to make with it ?
I ’ll give you no pictures of the tongue
in its original state , but if you search and find an image , do n’t tell me about it !
Truth be told , I love tacos de lengua and have even made them myself , from scratch .
And pickled tongue makes a lovely sandwich .
Neither of these foods is even remotely Japanese , but a quick search on the net showed me that grilled thinly sliced beef tongue is a popular item on many restaurant menus , especially yakiniku places .
The Japanese word for cow gyu ( 牛 ) is combined with the English word for tongue to become gyutan ( 牛タン ) .
After the World War II , it became a speciality in Sendai , Japan — using cow tongues and tails leftover from the occupation forces .
— from Wikipedia
Cooking a tongue is easy : wash it with cold water and salt , then boil it for a few minutes .
Change the water , and cook with seasonings of your choice .
The key to tenderness is low and slow with a very gentle simmer .
When the meat is done , remove the tongue from the broth and easily pull the tough skin away .
Almost like peeling fruit !
Boldness be my friend !
( ~ Cymbeline , Act 1 , Scene 6 )
But grilling tongue means that it must be peeled before it ’s cooked .
Yes indeed : boldness !
The tongue was still mostly frozen when I cut it in half to use the front half for gyutan .
Not so terrible , really !
Cutting the tough skin was a slippery job .
Luckily this was a veal tongue , much less tough and the taste buds were much smaller — almost velvety .
Mr. Tess sharpened a knife to a razor edge , and I managed to cut the meat into thin slices .
They could have been thinner , paper thin , but once this part was finished , it looked beautiful !
Gyutan : Grilled Tongue
serves 2 to 3 as part of a Japanese meal
recipes on - line are not common
1/2 veal tongue ( about 1 1/2 pounds , tip end ) , partially thawed
1/2 veal tongue ( about 1 1/2 pounds , tip end ) , partially thawed 2 Tablespoons sesame oil
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 small bunch of green onion brushes .
2 tbsp rice vinegar 2 tsp white sugar 1 tbsp sesame oil 1 /2 tsp red pepper flakes ( chili flakes ) 1 pinch coarse / kosher salt 1tsp toasted black sesame seeds
Lemon or Lime wedges
Dipping sauce , recipe follows
Use a razor sharp knife ( and possibly vice - grip pliers ) to pull the tough skin from the partially frozen meat .
Yes , a very messy and somewhat scary necessity !
Not quite so disturbing with a calf tongue as it would be with an ox or cow tongue .
Re - freeze the meat , and slice as thinly as you can .
Paper thin is the goal !
Sprinkle salt over the tongue slices , then brush them with oil .
Make the green onion brushes .
Combine the rice vinegar , sugar , oil chili flakes , and salt in a small bowl .
Toss the onions with the mixture and garnish with the sesame seeds .
Heat a cast iron skillet over high heat .
Add a batch of the thinly sliced tongue to the pan , in a single layer .
Brush the slices with oil and turn over quickly .
Cooking time is about 1 minute .
Transfer to a plate , and cook another batch .
Repeat until all the meat is cooked .
Garnish with the green onion brushes .
Serve with lemon or lime wedges , dipping sauce , and plain white rice and pickles .
Dipping Sauce
Yummy link for this !
1 teaspoon of miso paste
1 teaspoon of miso paste 2 teaspoons of sugar
4 teaspoons of soy sauce
1/2 teaspoon of sesame oil
1 small clove of garlic , grated finely
Add all ingredients together and stir together .
Served with rice , summer squash namul , and Senmaizuke Turnip and Kombu Tsukemono .
Although this spring was a disappointing one for morels in my area , the past week ’s mushroom haul has more than made up for it .
One of the tastiest mushrooms in season now is the Oyster Mushroom .
[ social_buttons ]
You can hunt for this common variety of mushroom from spring through fall ( and even during warm , wet spells during the winter ) .
If mushroom hunting is n’t your thing , you can look for cultivated varieties at farmers markets or Asian markets .
You can also grow your own oyster mushrooms at home using kits .
Oyster mushrooms can be found on living and dead tree trunks and logs .
They are fairly easy to identify , but be wary of look - alikes such as the orange mock oyster and bear lentinus .
These look - alikes are not dangerous , but may be woody or unpleasant - tasting .
As with all foraging , the safest way to learn how to find oyster mushrooms is to go hunting with an expert before heading out on your own .
Oyster mushrooms have a chewy texture and a delicate , sweet flavor .
Use them in any recipe that calls for “ wild mushrooms , ” such as these vegan roasted wild mushroom tacos .
I chose to saute my oyster mushrooms in olive oil with garlic , spring onions , chili flakes , and the first patty pan squash of the season .
Delicious !
For more information on oyster mushrooms , visit :
Recommended reading :
Image courtesy of a.bower via a Creative Commons license .
Federal agents have launched parallel criminal and civil probes of JPMorgan Chase and its trading activity in the precious metals market , The Post has learned .
The probes are centering on whether or not JPMorgan , a top derivatives holder in precious metals , acted improperly to depress the price of silver , sources said .
The Commodities Futures Trade Commission is looking into civil charges , and the Department of Justice ’s Antitrust Division is handling the criminal probe , according to sources , who did not wish to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the information .
The probes are far - ranging , with federal officials looking into JPMorgan ’s precious metals trades on the London Bullion Market Association ’s ( LBMA ) exchange , which is a physical delivery market , and the New York Mercantile Exchange ( Nymex ) for future paper derivative trades .
JPMorgan increased its silver derivative holdings by $ 6.76 billion , or about 220 million ounces , during the last three months of 2009 , according to the Office of Comptroller of the Currency .
Regulators are pulling trading tickets on JPMorgan ’s precious metals moves on all the exchanges as part of the probe , sources tell The Post .
JPMorgan has not been charged with any wrongdoing .
The DOJ and CFTC each declined to comment , as did JPMorgan .
The investigations stem from a story in The Post , which reported on a whistleblower questioning JPMorgan ’s involvement in suppressing the price of silver by “ shorting ” the precious metal around the release of news announcements that should have sent the price upwards .
It is alleged that in shorting silver , JPMorgan sells large blocks of silver option contracts or physical metal — actions that would bring down the price of the metal — closely following news that would otherwise move the metals higher .
Last week ,
The Post got a telling e-mail the Justice Dept. sent to a concerned investor .
“ Thank you for your e-mail regarding allegations that JPMorgan Chase , and perhaps other traders , are manipulating the silver futures market , ” the e-mail read .
Telling , indeed , as the concerned investor , in an e-mail to Justice ’s Anti-trust division , never mentioned any companies or traders .
Correction : Following the publication of this story , JPMorgan issued a statement : “ There is no criminal or civil Department of Justice investigation of J.P. Morgan for its silver trading practices . ”
mgray@nypost.com
For centuries , historians , political theorists , anthropologists and the public have tended to think about the political process in seasonal , cyclical terms .
From Polybius to Paul Kennedy , from ancient Rome to imperial Britain , we discern a rhythm to history .
Great powers , like great men , are born , rise , reign and then gradually wane .
No matter whether civilizations decline culturally , economically or ecologically , their downfalls are protracted .
In the same way , the challenges that face the United States are often represented as slow - burning .
It is the steady march of demographics -- which is driving up the ratio of retirees to workers -- not bad policy that condemns the public finances of the United States to sink deeper into the red .
It is the inexorable growth of China ’s economy , not American stagnation , that will make the gross domestic product of the People ’s Republic larger than that of the United States by 2027 .
As for climate change , the day of reckoning could be as much as a century away .
These threats seem very remote compared with the time frame for the deployment of U.S. soldiers to Afghanistan , in which the unit of account is months , not years , much less decades .
But what if history is not cyclical and slow - moving but arrhythmic -- at times almost stationary but also capable of accelerating suddenly , like a sports car ?
What if collapse does not arrive over a number of centuries but comes suddenly , like a thief in the night ?
Great powers are complex systems , made up of a very large number of interacting components that are asymmetrically organized , which means their construction more resembles a termite hill than an Egyptian pyramid .
They operate somewhere between order and disorder .
Such systems can appear to operate quite stably for some time ; they seem to be in equilibrium but are , in fact , constantly adapting .
But there comes a moment when complex systems “ go critical . ”
A very small trigger can set off a “ phase transition ” from a benign equilibrium to a crisis -- a single grain of sand causes a whole pile to collapse .
Not long after such crises happen , historians arrive on the scene .
They are the scholars who specialize in the study of “ fat tail ” events -- the low - frequency , high - impact historical moments , the ones that are by definition outside the norm and that therefore inhabit the “ tails ” of probability distributions -- such as wars , revolutions , financial crashes and imperial collapses .
But historians often misunderstand complexity in decoding these events .
They are trained to explain calamity in terms of long - term causes , often dating back decades .
This is what Nassim Taleb rightly condemned in “ The Black Swan ” as “ the narrative fallacy . ”
In reality , most of the fat - tail phenomena that historians study are not the climaxes of prolonged and deterministic story lines ; instead , they represent perturbations , and sometimes the complete breakdowns , of complex systems .
To understand complexity , it is helpful to examine how natural scientists use the concept .
Think of the spontaneous organization of termites , which allows them to construct complex hills and nests , or the fractal geometry of water molecules as they form intricate snowflakes .
Human intelligence itself is a complex system , a product of the interaction of billions of neurons in the central nervous system .
All these complex systems share certain characteristics .
A small input to such a system can produce huge , often unanticipated changes -- what scientists call “ the amplifier effect . ”
Causal relationships are often nonlinear , which means that traditional methods of generalizing through observation are of little use .
Thus , when things go wrong in a complex system , the scale of disruption is nearly impossible to anticipate .
There is no such thing as a typical or average forest fire , for example .
To use the jargon of modern physics , a forest before a fire is in a state of “ self - organized criticality ” :
It is teetering on the verge of a breakdown , but the size of the breakdown is unknown .
Will there be a small fire or a huge one ?
It is nearly impossible to predict .
The key point is that in such systems , a relatively minor shock can cause a disproportionate disruption .
Any large - scale political unit is a complex system .
Most great empires have a nominal central authority -- either a hereditary emperor or an elected president -- but in practice the power of any individual ruler is a function of the network of economic , social and political relations over which he or she presides .
As such , empires exhibit many of the characteristics of other complex adaptive systems -- including the tendency to move from stability to instability quite suddenly .
The most recent and familiar example of precipitous decline is the collapse of the Soviet Union .
With the benefit of hindsight , historians have traced all kinds of rot within the Soviet system back to the Brezhnev era and beyond .
Perhaps , as the historian and political scientist Stephen Kotkin has argued , it was only the high oil prices of the 1970s that “ averted Armageddon . ”
But this did not seem to be the case at the time .
The Soviet nuclear arsenal was larger than the U.S. stockpile .
And governments in what was then called the Third World , from Vietnam to Nicaragua , had been tilting in the Soviets ’ favor for most of the previous 20 years .
Yet , less than five years after Mikhail Gorbachev took power , the Soviet imperium in central and Eastern Europe had fallen apart , followed by the Soviet Union itself in 1991 .
If ever an empire fell off a cliff , rather than gently declining , it was the one founded by Lenin .
If empires are complex systems that sooner or later succumb to sudden and catastrophic malfunctions , what are the implications for the United States today ?
First , debating the stages of decline may be a waste of time -- it is a precipitous and unexpected fall that should most concern policymakers and citizens .
Second , most imperial falls are associated with fiscal crises .
Alarm bells should therefore be ringing very loudly indeed as the United States contemplates a deficit for 2010 of more than $ 1.5 trillion -- about 11 % of GDP , the biggest since World War II .
These numbers are bad , but in the realm of political entities , the role of perception is just as crucial .
In imperial crises , it is not the material underpinnings of power that really matter but expectations about future power .
The fiscal numbers cited above cannot erode U.S. strength on their own , but they can work to weaken a long - assumed faith in the United States ’ ability to weather any crisis .
One day , a seemingly random piece of bad news -- perhaps a negative report by a rating agency -- will make the headlines during an otherwise quiet news cycle .
Suddenly , it will be not just a few policy wonks who worry about the sustainability of U.S. fiscal policy but the public at large , not to mention investors abroad .
It is this shift that is crucial : A complex adaptive system is in big trouble when its component parts lose faith in its viability .
Over the last three years , the complex system of the global economy flipped from boom to bust -- all because a bunch of Americans started to default on their subprime mortgages , thereby blowing huge holes in the business models of thousands of highly leveraged financial institutions .
The next phase of the current crisis may begin when the public begins to reassess the credibility of the radical monetary and fiscal steps that were taken in response .
Neither interest rates at zero nor fiscal stimulus can achieve a sustainable recovery if people in the United States and abroad collectively decide , overnight , that such measures will ultimately lead to much higher inflation rates or outright default .
Bond yields can shoot up if expectations change about future government solvency , intensifying an already bad fiscal crisis by driving up the cost of interest payments on new debt .
Just ask Greece .
Ask Russia too .
Fighting a losing battle in the mountains of the Hindu Kush has long been a harbinger of imperial fall .
What happened 20 years ago is a reminder that empires do not in fact appear , rise , reign , decline and fall according to some recurrent and predictable life cycle .
It is historians who retrospectively portray the process of imperial dissolution as slow - acting .
Rather , empires behave like all complex adaptive systems .
They function in apparent equilibrium for some unknowable period .
And then , quite abruptly , they collapse .
Washington , you have been warned .
Niall Ferguson is a professor at Harvard University and Harvard Business School , and a fellow of Jesus College , Oxford .
His latest book is “ The Ascent of Money : A Financial History of the World . ”
A longer version of this essay appears in the March / April issue of Foreign Affairs .
This week on Ozersky.tv , Josh Ozersky visited the French Culinary Institute in New York City to see how chefs Nils Norén ( Vice President of Culinary and Pastry Arts ) and Dave Arnold ( Director of Culinary Technology ) make perfectly cooked burgers ( or as Ozersky calls them , 22nd century burgers ) .
They form a loosely packed patty , flash - fry it , put it in a Zip - Loc bag full of melted butter ( and / or beef fat ) , cook it in a circulator to medium rare , then flash - fry it again .
The result is a super juicy burger with some crust and visible ground meat " noodles . "
Noren and Arnold mentioned their burger - cooking technique in their blog Cooking Issues back in November 2009 , but it looks like they have yet to make a post yet that fulling outlines the process .
Arnold also describes the technique in this interview at Salon.com .
They mention that you could n't sous vide the burger since the vacuum packing would compress the patty and you want it light and loose .
Last December Kenji made sous vide burgers ( slides 9 and 10 ) with delicious , juice - oozing results while still retaining a good texture , although he noted that he had a low - powered vacuum .
Watch the video after the jump .
Ozersky.tv : 22nd Century Hamburgers
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
With the world reeling from President Obama ’s surprise announcement of Supreme Court Justice –his old friend from Harvard and the U of Chicago Law School , Elena Kagan –you know , the one who ’s never sat on the bench ?
I mean seriously , who announces something like this on Sunday night –you ’re supposed to do it at 4:00 Friday afternoon !
I still have to weigh in on the idiotic and unconstitutional Arizona law requiring cops to get ID from anyone they suspect is an illegal immigrant without racial profiling –HEY , all you guys in front of the Home Depot , get out your birth certificates !
Vere are your papers !
Ach , so , Mr. McCain -o , you were born in Panama , eh , John ?
or should I call you Juan !
Now , let ’s turn to the response to the botched bomb in Times Square .
I know , I know , so last week !
The would be terroist , Faisal Shahzad–such a loser , not only did he botch the bomb , but he botched the bomb after botching the run- through and then he botched his getaway ! –is actually an American citizen .
Well , again the Constitution has become a worthless piece of paper–except for the Second Amendment , we ca n’t have a no - gun - buying list because that would infringe upon the rights of REAL Americans ( according to Lindsey Graham ) .
There has been so much fist - shaking ( or as one commentator mentioned , “ length ” comparing ) about ignoring Miranda rights for terrorists , stripping them of their citizenship , throwing them against a wall and shooting them , you ’d think we were in some bizarro US .
Or a 1984 world where Big Brother is some mythical real American , played by Bruce Willis or Kiefer Sutherland !
Imagine , Glenn Beck being the voice of reason !
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr !
Let ’s zip up our flies , gentlemen .
the US court system can handle these kind of things without any help from the paranoid fist - shakers .
If it ca n’t convict terrorists caught practically red-handed and we have to throw away our freedoms , heaven help us , the grand experiment turned out to be a failure .
Comments
La mayor parte de los choques es entre los propios delincuentes , dice
[ email protected ] WASHINGTON , D.C. —
El secretario de Gobernación , Fernando Gómez Mont , pronosticó ayer que “ el ciclo de la violencia en México disminuirá en los próximos meses ” , y que esta baja se hará más patente “ hacia fines de 2010 ” , lo que permitirá reforzar las instituciones y trabajar en favor de una paz más estable en el país .
El funcionario basó su optimismo en la convicción de que la larga y costosa lucha contra los cárteles de la droga “ los ha debilitado ” y en que , además , una buena parte de ellos se ha enfrascado “ en un proceso muy autodestructivo .
“ Hoy , la mayor parte de la violencia es producto de los enfrentamientos que se dan entre ellos ” , aseguró Gómez Mont al enfatizar que el gobierno del presidente Felipe Calderón no cederá en la lucha por “ restablecer la seguridad y el imperio de la ley en todo el país ” .
El titular de Gobernación participó ayer en un diálogo con la secretaria de Seguridad Interna de Estados Unidos , Janet Napolitano , en la sede de la Brookings Institution .
El encuentro , con representantes de la academia y medios de comunicación , le permitió hablar sobre la seguridad fronteriza y el futuro de la cooperación entre México y Estados Unidos en la lucha contra el narcotráfico .
“ Somos una población pacífica .
Somos un país próspero .
Por muchos años , la seguridad no fue debidamente atendida , pero ahora sí lo es .
Debemos enfrentar ahora el costo de lo que no hicimos en el pasado .
Merece la pena .
No tengo dudas ” , dijo .
Durante el diálogo , Napolitano se mostró más prudente en su diagnóstico , al asegurar que la lucha de ambos países contra los cárteles de la droga “ es un maratón y no una carrera de corto recorrido ” , pero afirmó que “ una cosa es segura : el fracaso no es una opción ” .
El secretario de Gobernación añadió : “ Somos dos naciones democráticas que creemos en la defensa de las libertades y en el imperio de la ley ” .
Dijo que el gobierno no cederá en la lucha por “ restablecer la seguridad y el imperio de la ley en todo el país ” .
Expresan preocupación por migrantes
El encuentro , que dedicó gran parte del diálogo a temas de seguridad fronteriza y a la lucha que ambas naciones libran contra los cárteles , no pudo obviar otros asuntos que afectan la relación bilateral , como la recién promulgada legislación antiinmigrante en Arizona — la ley SB1070 — , que criminaliza la presencia de indocumentados en ese estado .
“ Al gobierno de México le preocupan las implicaciones que tendrá esta legislación en el terreno de los derechos humanos ” , aseguró Gómez Mont al enfatizar que aunque reconoce que este es un asunto doméstico y soberano de Estados Unidos , al gobierno mexicano le inquietan que puedan darse brotes de intolerancia .
En México , el secretario de Seguridad Pública federal , Genaro García Luna , dijo que “ la experiencia internacional [...] en Italia , en Colombia , en Nueva York , en Chicago , en todos los casos la curva ( de violencia ) fue ascendente hasta los primeros cinco , 10 años ” , a partir del momento en que se decide a enfrentar al crimen organizado .
“ Yo espero que en México sea antes ” , dijo en el Foro de Reuters sobre Inversión en América Latina .
“ En todos los casos , el promedio [ para controlar al narco ] es de seis a ocho años ” , dijo .
( Con información de Reuters )
Like this article ?
SIGN UP for our newsletter
Have you noticed that President Obama barely acknowledges the raving banshee shriek of the radical right , even as it approaches crescendo across the spectrum of media ?
When he does , at most he acknowledges legitimate opposing viewpoints while mildly observing that it should not be allowed to derail constructive engagement .
He even seems pusillanimous to some in the liberal community for being so solicitous with people openly at war with the very foundations of democracy , and the right predictably interprets that attitude in similar terms - they react with aggression in the face of invitations to cooperate , in perfect sync with their pathology .
Whenever an act of Republican - inspired terrorism has occurred - e.g. , the IRS suicide attack - the President naturally condemns the specific incident and consoles the families of victims , but he does not , as some wish he would , call out the pan- media hate mongers who filled the perpetrators ' diseased minds with paranoid , bigoted fantasies .
He does not call out the Republican Party that supports , coordinates , and often directly determines the content of these propaganda sources , and does not talk about how the lies of the GOP have - with clear malice aforethought - created an environment of hate , fear , and violence that victimizes innocent people and hurts the nation .
And if the Republican strategy of fomenting this violence escalates into a significant pattern , I am sure that for a long time - too long , in the likely opinions of many commentators on the left - the President would continue to appear " obtuse " to the fact that Republican leaders were encouraging it , even as they became increasingly bold in doing so .
Some would yet again begin to doubt his courage or competence .
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake .
- Napoleon Bonaparte
Now , this is n't to say the administration would n't be enforcing the law and making major arrests , but politically they would somehow fail to connect dots that everyone else could plainly see .
They would even fail to connect dots that the terrorists themselves openly brag about , and the domain of the progressive commentariat given over to punditry rather than intelligent thought would initiate another circular firing squad cycle :
The usual " sound and fury , signifying nothing . "
The confidence of the radical right would increase directly in complement to the growing fear and insecurity of everyone else , and pretty soon the ballsier elements on the right would come to the conclusion that The Time Has Come .
They would have been watching the whole process unfold , seeing smaller acts of terrorism meet with the tacit approval of the Republican Party and the thunderous applause of rank - in - file extremists , and would lick their chops at how " weak " the administration 's response had appeared to be .
Plots would become increasingly bold , and eventually one of them would get through and either kill a lot of people or just be so outrageous as to have the same effect .
And then President Obama calls a special session of Congress to address the nation , and makes a Lincoln - esque speech " appealing to the angels of our better nature " while also waxing FDR that democracy would not fall to rule by the gun ; that those who would seek to impose their will by force would fail , and the American people stand together , united in defense of their freedom .
Some Congressional Republicans might even be so radicalized by this point that they would be dumb enough to shout and heckle the speech , while the Republicans with triple - digit IQs watching the speech would be crying in their soup and trying to think up good names for a new party .
This would almost certainly be accompanied by various legislation - new funding for counter - terrorism , maybe reintroduction of the Fairness Doctrine in broadcast media , strengthening of laws against inciting violence - and the GOP would try to block it , while their paramilitary thugs blow their wad in spasms of random , largely futile violence .
In their minds , they would be in a state of Civil War with Ultimate Victory just around the corner , but in reality they would be surrounded , their logistics would dry up , support would evaporate , and everyone who had ever been associated with them - i.e. , the Republican Party , that had convinced itself it was now safe to play footsy with them - is now politically radioactive .
There might even be acts of vigilantism , although I think the President would be able to persuade people to corral their passions enough to stop that from being a significant factor .
Meanwhile , the Republican Party loses , and loses , and loses ; the militants end up dead or in Supermax , loathed for all time outside a tiny fringe ; life goes on , and thus endeth the Best Laid Plans of Mice who thought they were Men.
President Obama , meanwhile , would look like Abraham Lincoln without the country having gone through even a fraction of the convulsions of an actual civil war .
And this is not even an " optimistic " scenario - this is the one where the right really has its shit together , pulling off things they probably could n't and killing a substantial number of people before they 're brought under control .
The optimistic scenario is that they 're such cowards that their ranting and raving never leads to anything beyond occasional isolated incidents , meanwhile undermining the political viability of their Republican benefactors .
Do n't get me wrong , I am not belittling their ability to temporarily cause localized chaos or inflict suffering on innocent people .
They are indeed dangerous , in the same sense that automobile defects are dangerous , but not dangerous in the sense they believe themselves to be - not capable of shaping the future in a nation of 310 million people , the vast majority of whom do not share their values .
A republic does not last forever , nor should immortality be considered a criterion for success :
Like all living things , republics grow , merge , diverge , and change , and some day the United States of America will not exist .
Maybe it will fission into successor states , some of whom will be degenerate and ugly , but some of whom may be brilliant and glorious ; maybe it will become the fragmented territories of future empires ; maybe it will be subsumed and disappear into a global ( hopefully democratic ) government ; or maybe it will still exist in some fossilized form right up until a global cataclysm makes Earth unlivable ( to the mixed dismay , glee , or indifference of space colonies elsewhere ) .
But that will not happen any time soon - not now , not ten years from now , not fifty years from now , because I am here now to say so .
Because you are here now to say so .
Because we are the United States of America , and we are strong .
We dream .
We create .
We envision and seek the New .
And as long as that is true of us - true of those of us who recognize that a nation exists in our own choices and acts of creation , rather than being a state imposed upon us by others - then it does n't matter what percentage of the population believes in Creationism , chupacabras , or alien abductions .
It does n't matter .
We will continue to regenerate , give birth to new ideas and heroic leaders , and shock the world by strolling down the sidewalk whistling a happy song five minutes after the world had written our obituary .
We 've done it before , we did it recently , and we 'll keep doing it , and there 's not a goddamned thing the Republican Party , the Hutaree militia , Blackwater / Xe , or any of their comrades can do about it , because they 're nothing but noise and entropy and we are Alive .
They are nothing but the shadows that remain when light dispels darkness - the pathetic , whining , emptily threatening echoes of enemies long ago defeated .
The days when they had the intelligence to drag us with them into suicide are long gone - they are stupid , alone , and have the pedal to the floor headed straight for a brick wall of their own construction , and this country will survive and flourish with or without their permission .
Peregrine falcon eggs can be targeted by collectors and falconers
Police have launched an investigation following a report of the theft of wild peregrine falcon eggs from a nest in Dumfries and Galloway .
The incident is believed to have happened in the Thornhill area some time during early May .
Police have appealed to people living and working in rural areas to report any suspicious activity .
In particular they are keen to hear of any sightings of vehicles which could be involved in wildlife crime .
Nests in the region are regularly inspected by bird protection groups to monitor for the presence of eggs .
It was during a routine check this month that it was found the Mid Nithsdale site had been emptied .
Illegal poisoning
" All the nests get watched throughout this part of the season , " said a police spokesman .
" It looks as if the eggs have been stolen .
" If anybody has seen suspicious cars parked in lay - bys , they should contact us . "
Peregrine falcons in the UK have been the target of egg collectors and falconers as well as falling victim to illegal poisoning .
However , the RSPB says better legal protection has allowed their numbers to recover from a low in the 1960s .
Current estimates put the number of breeding pairs in the UK at about 1,400 .
The explosion of BP's Deepwater Horizon rig on April 20 , 2010 lead to the beginning of the BP Gulf oil spill , ultimately causing 172 million gallons of oil to spill in the ocean .
To put that number in perspective , here 's a look at how that total volume of oil compares to various benchmarks , updated to reflect the final oil spill total .
Note : A previous version incorrectly stated that 172,000 gallons - instead of 172 million - had spilled in the Gulf .
A hospital in Melbourne has offered an apology to a patient for declaring him dead .
Peter Thornton was admitted to the Alfred Hospital in early March for a severe bout of gastro .
He checked himself out after he says he was left lying on a trolley for 12 hours .
On visiting his GP yesterday , he was shown a letter from the Alfred stating he died on March 9 .
" I can't believe that a doctor has declared me dead , " he said .
Mr Thornton 's GP , Dr Beng Eu , says he was shocked to receive the letter .
" This has never happened before , I 've never come across this before in all the years I 've practised , " he said .
The Alfred Hospital has told the ABC it will provide Mr Thornton with a full explanation as soon as an investigation is complete .
" Tea party " activists successfully lobbied security officials in Raleigh , N.C. , last Thursday to reverse a ban on carrying full - sized flagpoles and signs at a tax day rally .
Antiwar protesters , however , argue that they 're often not afforded such luxuries .
Do tea party activists get preferential treatment from law enforcement officials ?
They have been able to carry guns to anti-Obama rallies , critics note , suggesting that there is a double standard .
Parade permitting rules vary widely from town to town and city to city , with the Supreme Court giving law enforcement broad authority to uphold public safety .
To be sure , permitting rules and police preparedness are often developed based on past behavior at various kinds of protests .
Many go back to the 1960s and 1970s when violent rallies erupted over the Vietnam War .
Such protests sprung up again during the presidency of George W. Bush , when protesters clashed with police in New York City and elsewhere during large - scale demonstrations against the Middle East wars .
With tea party rallies so far proving more orderly , police have given them more latitude .
For the most part , application of those rules does n't infringe on the constitutional right to free speech , says Iraq War veteran Adam Kokesh , who has organized both antiwar protests and tea party protests and is now running for Congress in New Mexico 's Third district .
That does n't mean the complaint about different treatment for different ralliers is off - base , however .
The more loosely such permitting restrictions are written , the more bias can – and does – seep into the approval process , says Mr. Kokesh .
" Certainly antiwar protests are on the whole more rambunctious than tea party rallies , so there is an appropriate role for law enforcement to exercise a certain amount of discretion in how they approach protesters , " says Kokesh .
" But there are times when regulation or individual action by law enforcement crosses the line and there 's a blatant show of favoritism . "
Robert Richards , a First Amendment scholar at Penn State University , agrees .
" Municipalities cannot engage in viewpoint - based discrimination , " he says .
" There is some latitude that 's given police in order to protect public safety , but if it gets down to a determination based on the message , it 's a huge issue as far as the First Amendment is concerned . "
Alarm around tea party protests cropped up last year when tea partiers began showing up armed .
One much - publicized incident involved a man who carried a high - powered rifle to an anti-Obama rally close to where the president was speaking in Phoenix .
The man was not breaking any laws , and the Secret Service said Obama was never in danger .
" If a gun is legal , you can't raise a First Amendment issue if someone is using a gun for symbolic expression , " says Mr. Richards .
" But if somebody can point to a specific municipality where police and municipal officials allowed somebody from one group to carry a weapon and not somebody from another group , that would raise a constitutional issue . "
Kokesh says local rules and even customs decide most of what is allowed and what is n't at a political protest .
There was no evidence , for example , that any tea partiers who rallied on the Mall last Thursday were carrying weapons , given Washington 's strict gun policies .
On the other hand , it would n't be unusual to see someone open - carrying a gun at a rally in Farmington , N.M. , where they are commonplace in public places .
In Raleigh , public safety officials , who had created the " no- flagpole " rule last September , dropped the rule after the rally drew national attention .
Whether that courtesy will ultimately be extended to antiwar or immigration protesters remains to be seen .
Though free speech usually prevails , the question of bias in how protesters are treated by elected officials and police is still an important one , insists Kokesh .
" To say that ' you can have signs with wooden poles , but you we 're afraid of so you can't have them ' is not acceptable to me , " he says .
" The fact is , law enforcement 's attitudes toward protesters generally reflect the the political inclination [ of police ] , which tends to be pro-government and a little more conservative .
So the more uniform the regulations are and the more clearly expressed the standards are , the more fair and equitable [ the protests are ] , " he says .
NEW DELHI , India —
In the post - apocalyptic West Delhi junk market of Mayapuri , Ram Kumar sits with a group of laborers like himself in the scant shade provided by a ramshackle shed .
Due to a mysterious radiation leak that has sent seven neighborhood residents to the hospital with radiation poisoning over the past week , business is slow , and there 's no work for these loaders .
But Kumar says he has no choice but to wait .
“ You ca n't see it ( radiation ) , you can't feel it , you can only imagine how contaminated the air is here , ” said Kumar .
“ Everyone thinks of leaving , but where would we go ? ”
Recycling is big business in India , which imports as much as 3 million tons of scrap metal each year .
But this week 's radiation poisonings have shifted focus , temporarily , to the flip side of the fortune :
Along with the towering heaps of steel and copper comes a mountain of hazardous waste — asbestos , lead , mercury and , it turns out , potentially deadly radioactive materials .
“ Under metal scrap , almost everything comes in — be it radioactive material , be it ammunition , be it e-waste , hazardous waste , toxic waste , ” said Kushal Yadav , head of the toxins unit at New Delhi's Centre for Science and Environment , a non-government think tank .
“ We do n't really know what 's coming in .
It 's only when such incidents happen that we come to know . ”
On April 7 , shop owner Deepak Jain and four others were hospitalized with radiation sickness after they were exposed to what initial press reports described as a bright , shining metal object .
Subsequent investigations by the country 's atomic energy regulators identified the radioactive material as Cobalt 60 — a metal used in the sterilization of medical equipment and for radiotherapy .
Before long , the team of scientists discovered 11 different sources of radiation in Mayapuri 's scrap heaps , and an anonymous source at one of the investigating bodies told India 's Mail Today newspaper that the Cobalt 60 was believed to be part of a larger , yet undiscovered consignment of metal .
This is not the first such incident , and will by no means be the last .
Last year , high levels of radioactive metal were found in a shipment of stainless steel elevator buttons which were exported to Germany .
And not long ago , a railway worker was seriously irradiated when he pocketed a shining object he discovered on the job .
Radiation poisonings are just the tip of the iceberg .
Exposure to other forms of hazardous medical , electronic and industrial waste is so commonplace that no one keeps statistics about the associated health problems .
“ In this incident around 10 people have been affected , but this is only a case where you have seen acute exposure , ” said Yadav .
“ In terms of chronic exposure , which is happening over long periods of time , there are hundreds of thousands of workers exposed to tiny amounts of toxins every day , and it 's affecting their health .
This is never documented anywhere . ”
According to a recent study by the Indian Institute of Management , Lucknow , only half of the 400,000 kilograms of hospital waste that India generates each day is treated before its disposal .
Toxic Links , an NGO , estimates that as much as 50,000 tons of electronic waste is illegally imported each month , bringing with it lead , mercury , cadmium , beryllium and other hazardous materials , while Indian industry generates 6 million or 7 million tons of hazardous waste per year .
On Indian shores , poor laborers — even children — climb its mountains in rubber sandals and tear it to pieces with their bare hands .
And they do it for next to nothing .
Kumar and the other loaders in Mayapuri earn between $ 2 and $ 5 a day heaving clapped out drive shafts , truck tires , axles , steel pipe and all manner of scrap onto trucks and wagons .
It 's brutally hard work in one of the hottest Aprils on record — the mercury already nearing 110 degrees Fahrenheit .
Even in the lee of the dilapidated warehouse , a hairdryer wind sandblasts the ragged workers with grit .
The air smells of ozone and sweat and scorched metal .
The danger is as bald - faced as the filth .
“ Getting hurt is part of the job , ” said Kumar .
Shop number DII - 32 , where the first pin made of radioactive Cobalt 60 was discovered , is now shuttered , a stack of Delhi Police barricades forgotten against the wall .
But the scrap dealers on either side are still watching their workers sift and sort wire and pipe .
Nobody seems unduly worried about being irradiated .
The national Atomic Energy Regulatory Board has given the all - clear signal after repeated sweeps of the area .
And , if anything , the shop owners are defensive about the safety of their trade .
“ It 's perfectly safe , ” one dealer said .
“ Why should I be worried ?
I 'm sitting in my shop .
I do n't have the hobby of going around with my notebook . ”
With not a spot of grease on him , he 's probably never in his life touched a piece of the scrap he sells .
Herb Sutter is a bestselling author and consultant on software development topics , and a software architect at Microsoft .
He can be contacted at www.gotw.ca.
Race conditions are one of the worst plagues of concurrent code :
They can cause disastrous effects all the way up to undefined behavior and random code execution , yet they 're hard to discover reliably during testing , hard to reproduce when they do occur , and the icing on the cake is that we have immature and inadequate race detection and prevention tool support available today .
The holy grail of the Consistency pillar is to make a concurrent program race - free and deadlock - free by construction . [ 1 ]
" By construction " means to write our code in such a way that we can verify with confidence during development and testing that it does not contain races or deadlocks -- not just to rely on doing enough stress testing to get a probabilistic level of confidence , but to really know that there are no or deadlocks at all , at least for the shared data and locks that we control .
I 've written about some deadlock prevention techniques in " Use Lock Hierarchies to Avoid Deadlock . " [ 2 ]
This time , let 's consider race prevention .
This article shows how to achieve the " race - free by construction " grail via sound engineering , with automatic and deterministic race identification at test time based on code coverage alone .
Notes :
For convenience , from now on I 'm going to talk about just locks , but the issues and techniques apply to any kind of mutual exclusion .
And although the example code I 'll show will happen to be in C++ , the techniques we 'll discuss apply in any mainstream language , including C / Pthreads , C# , and Java .
The Problem
Let 's say you want to use some shared data protected using mutexes :
// use table1 and table2 ( both are shared ) table1.erase ( x ) ; table2.insert ( x ) ;
Quick :
What locks should you take to make this code correct ?
The answer is usually to look in some documentation or comment , because the connection between a mutex and the data it protects usually exists primarily in the mind of the programmer , and we rely on discipline to remember which lock to take .
Let 's say that table1 and table2 are protected by two mutexes mutTable1 and mutTable2 , respectively .
Then we might write something like this :
lock mutTable1 and mutTable2 table1.erase ( x ) ; table2.insert ( x ) ; release mutTable1 and mutTable2 appropriately ( e.g. , in finally blocks , or using automatic dispose / destructor methods )
The trouble is that the programmer has to remember that mutTable1 and mutTable2 are the " right " mutexes to take to use table1 and table2 .
This has two main problems .
The minor problem is productivity :
We 're creating work for the developer by forcing him to look up which mutex to use , because in general he wo n't get automatic IDE completion / suggestion support to answer questions like , " Which mutex do I need to take to use table2 ? "
The major problem is correctness :
We 're relying on programmer discipline to make the code correct , and discipline can fail us because we will sometimes make mistakes .
What can go wrong ?
We can fail to take the correct lock , in one of two ways :
" Oops , forgot to lock . "
We can forget to take a lock at all , such as that in this example we might forget to take the lock on mutTable2 .
. " Oops , took the wrong lock . "
We can inadvertently take a lock on the wrong mutex , either because of confusion about which mutex is the right one or because of a simple accident like a typo that misspells mutTable2 as mutTable3 .
The trouble is , either way we 'll end up writing a race condition with a horrible failure mode :
The code will silently compile and appear to work during testing , only to fail nondeterministically in production -- typically in the form of intermittent , timing - dependent , hard - to - reproduce bug reports from customer sites .
The Goal
Instead of relying on comments and discipline , what we'd like to do is state in code which mutex protects which data , so that we can build our own guardrails to ensure we did it right .
It turns out that this is a powerful approach , because it lets us turn a class of nondeterministic run-time failures into ones we can detect :
automatically ,
deterministically ,
at test time , and
based on code coverage alone .
Let 's see how .
Police detained protesters in Hyderabad
Communist and opposition parties in India are holding nationwide protests against rising food and fuel prices .
The Communist - governed states of West Bengal , Tripura and Kerala are likely to be worst hit by the 12 - hour strike called by the parties .
Air and train services have been disrupted in West Bengal , and attendance in offices across the states is reported to be patchy .
Food prices in India have risen by as much as 20 % over the past year .
The main opposition Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , which organised a big rally in the capital , Delhi , against the price rise is not participating in Tuesday 's strike , which has been mainly called by the Communist and a few regional parties .
Reports say that the eastern city of Calcutta is worst affected with private airlines suspending services and trains held up at various places by protesters .
Toilets at the city 's airport were also locked by striking workers , says the BBC's Subir Bhaumik in Calcutta .
Work in the tea gardens of West Bengal state were not affected after owners threatened to cut wages if workers did not attend , our correspondent says .
Public transport has been affected by the strike ( Photo : Krishan Saith )
Transport services have also been affected in some parts of the populous northern state of Uttar Pradesh , the BBC's Ram Dutt Tripathi says .
Farm produce has fallen following droughts and floods and this has led to rising prices .
The cost of pulses , milk , wheat , rice and vegetables has gone up sharply .
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee has said food prices are an " area of concern " .
Annual inflation has also risen sharply over the past few months , from 0.5 % in September to 9.9 % in March , its highest level in 17 months .
Never feel like there 's enough time in the morning ?
Find yourself struggling to get up or into work mode ?
We know the feeling .
Try out these tips on waking up , getting energized , and getting things done in the early hours .
Advertisement
Photo by DeaPeaJay .
Republished from a May 2010 post ; we think it 's a good time of year to be looking at improving your mornings for health , productivity , and the breaking of not - so - helpful habits .
Advertisement
10 . Save the Morning for Thinking
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The morning tends to have a quieter , more contemplative feel to it .
Take advantage of it , as one CEO recommends , by following poet William Blake 's advice to divide up your day : " Think in the morning , act in the noon , read in the evening , and sleep at night . "
Even if your job 's more about cranking than managing and contemplating , you can use the mornings where you 're not on tight deadline to think over problems , consider future challenges , and give your tasks more mindful attention than they 'll get when everyone else gets in and starts grabbing for your attention .
Photo by s0ulsurfing .
( Original post )
How ( and why ) to make the most of your morning Writer Jim Citrin interviewed 20 CEO's and found one thing most of them have in common : they wake …
Read more
Advertisement
9. Track Your A.M. Habits
Advertisement
Why are you always late to work or school ?
It 's not because the Earth randomly spins faster on certain days .
There 's a good chance you 've given yourself an arbitrary time span , like an hour , rather than see what your morning really requires .
The Unclutterer blog suggests a system for tracking and streamlining your routine , and determining what wild cards can throw you off - balance .
Got a rough list of necessities ?
Make a list , follow it , then revise it — but give yourself a couple days to see what really works for you .
Yeah , it feels geeky to use a timer and spreadsheet walking around your kitchen in the morning , but once it becomes habit , you can put down the pencil and get on with life .
Photo by ♥ellie♥ .
( Original posts : tracking , planning ) .
Track Your Morning Rituals to Streamline Your Routine
If your mornings seems to get away from you , it 's time to take stock in where the time is going and Read more
Advertisement
8. Put Your Kids on an Itinerary
Advertisement
You may be master of your morning , but your smaller subjects can quickly cause it to go haywire .
Gretchen Rubin , blogging at The Happiness Project , suggests a deadline - oriented , precise routine for your kids to eliminate the dreaded " One more minute ! "
It takes some time and consistency to enforce , but soon enough , your children will be able to actually relax in the morning , if they know they 're ahead of their specific breakfast / bathroom / homework - roundup routines .
Photo by D Sharon Pruitt .
( Original post )
Set a Good Morning Routine
If you 've got kids in school at your house , you know that mornings can get a little hectic . …
Read more
Advertisement
7. Eat for Better Sleep
Advertisement
The simple way to realign your energy throughout your day is to eat less at night , saving the big meals for when you 're up and running .
If the problem is that you 're just not falling asleep , plan your dinners and later snacks around foods that contribute to a good night 's sleep , like turkey , bananas , honey , potatoes , almonds , and others .
Photo by drumecho .
( Original posts : eat light , food for sleep ) .
Advertisement
6. Choose Your Most Important Task Over Email
Advertisement
Whatever your boss sent out at 5:45 p.m. last night likely is n't as important as the most important thing you need to work on this morning .
The way most of us handle our mornings , though , you would n't know it .
If you want to look back on your morning and not feel like it disappeared , take control of your workday by prioritizing one task — just one thing you really need to do — and put off opening your inbox for one hour .
Seems sacrilegious , but if you asked your boss or clients which was more important , their answer might not surprise you .
Photo by chadarizona .
Advertisement
5. Trade Coffee Jolts for Smaller Perk - Ups
Advertisement
When it comes to caffeine , a tall cup of coffee is a sledgehammer .
If you 're going to use caffeine to boost your morning energy , there are real benefits to spacing out smaller caffeine boosts .
A 12 - ounce thermos with a 3 - 4 ounce mug in the lid is just about perfect , as reader jopasm tells us , as you can space out your java throughout the morning and never quite get that shaky - leg feeling .
Switching to tea or diet soda , if you can stomach it , also makes for a slower - dose substitute .
Photo by flash .
pro. ( Original post )
Advertisement
4. Wake Up Without Any Caffeine
Advertisement
Blogger Scott Young , waking up at 5:30 every morning , had to find a way to convince his mind and body that it was actually time to get up .
He 's not a caffeine person , so he relied on other cues and tactics to wake up .
Filling the room with light , tricking himself into committing to " just " 10 minutes of staying awake , doing his creative work early in the morning , and a bit of exercise worked for him .
The real secret , he writes , is in getting enough sleep that mornings just feel like a soft transition from sleep , but his other strategies can help when that basic foundation fails .
Photo by sleepyneko .
( Original post )
Boost Your Morning Alertness Without Caffeine Blogger Scott Young 's not a morning person , but he gets up early every day without caffeine by …
Read more
Advertisement
3. Set a Morning Prep Reminder the Night Before
Advertisement
Whether it 's your watch , your cellphone , or a microwave reminder , set something in your home to beep at a certain time every night .
When that beep goes off , around 10 p.m. , for instance , it means you should drop what you 're doing and spend just a bit of time preparing for your morning , while you 're actually awake .
LifeClever calls it the 10 O'Clock Rule , and suggests a few things we can all do to semi-automate our mornings : set out your clothes , pocket contents , and shoes , grind coffee , check your calendar for events and reminders , and packing anything you 're bound to forget into your bag .
It 's a night person 's best hedge against the morning , and a morning person 's ticket to spending their energy on more exciting things .
Photo by Aidan Wojtas .
( Original post )
Advertisement
2. Crank Out Some Push - Ups
Advertisement
When a loud noise wakes you up , you might notice you 're not quite so groggy and annoyed as wide - awake and alert .
Cranking out push - ups first thing in the morning can provide some of that same kind of bio - feedback that tells your body it 's time to get up and do something , something maybe even related to caveman - instinct survival .
Do as many push - ups as you can ( or as many feel comfortable , without sore arms ) , wait 30 seconds , then repeat two more times .
Personal trainer Dan Boyle swears by it , and some of our commenters find it reliable , too .
Photo by whyld .
( Original post ) .
Boost Your Energy This Morning with Simple Exercises Personal trainer Dan Boyle says that you can boost your morning energy and make it a better day in …
Read more
Advertisement
1. Know Your Peak Performance Times
Advertisement
Different people find their energy , and inspiration arriving at different times , but not everybody can rearrange their work schedule .
If that sounds like you , you can benefit from learning the peak times for early - risers and night owls , or learning your own energy schedule .
If you 're a data hound who likes specifics , you can do more than deal in generalities of morning , afternoon , and evening — you can map and graph your daily ups and downs .
Photo by Hamed Saber .
( Original posts : night owls , energy map )
Your personal energy schedule Prolific writer and speaker Michelle Dunn has a few tricks for staying productive , like using the… Read more
Advertisement
What change to your morning routine has made the biggest difference in your days ?
What parts of your early hours still need work ?
Share your scheduling strategies in the comments .
The story of the Times Square bomber reads like some Urdu dinner - theater production of Mel Brooks ’
“ The Producers ” that got lost in translation between here and Peshawar : A man sets out to produce the biggest bomb on Broadway since “ Dance A Little Closer ” closed on its opening night in 1983 .
Everything goes right :
He gets a parking space right next to Viacom , owners of the hated Comedy Central !
But then he gets careless :
He buys the wrong fertilizer .
He fails to open the valve on the propane tank .
And next thing you know his ingenious plot is the nonstop laugh riot of the Great White Way .
Ha-ha !
What a loser !
Why , the whole thing ’s totally – what ’s the word ?
– “ amateurish , ” according to multiple officials .
It “ looked amateurish , ” scoffed New York ’s Mayor Bloomberg .
“ Amateurish , ” agreed Janet Napolitano , the White House Amateurishness Czar .
Ha -ha -ha !
How many jihadists does it take to change a light bulb ?
Answer :
Twenty - seven .
Twenty - six terrorist masterminds to supervise six months of rigorous training at a camp in Waziristan , after which the 27th flies back to Newark , goes to Home Depot and buys a quart of lamp oil and a wick .
Is it so unreasonable to foresee that one day one of these guys will buy the wrong lamp oil and a defective wick and drop the Camp Osama book of matches in a puddle as he ’s trying to light the bomb , and yet this time , amazingly , it actually goes off ?
Not really .
Last year , not one but two “ terrorism task forces ” discovered that Army psychiatrist Nidal Hasan was in regular e-mail contact with the American - born Yemeni - based cleric Ayman al - Awlaki but concluded that this was consistent with the major ’s “ research interests , ” so there was nothing to worry about it .
A few months later , Maj .
Hasan gunned down dozens of his comrades while standing on a table shouting “ Allahu Akbar ! ”
That was also consistent with his “ research interests , ” by the way .
A policy of relying on stupid jihadists to screw it up every time will inevitably allow one or two to wiggle through .
Hopefully not on a nuclear scale .
Faisal Shahzad ’s curriculum vitae rang a vague bell with me .
A couple of years back , I read a bestselling novel by Mohsin Hamid called “ The Reluctant Fundamentalist . ”
His protagonist , Changez , is not so very different from young Faisal :
They ’re both young , educated , Westernized Muslims from prominent Pakistani families .
Changez went to Princeton ; Faisal to the non-Ivy University of Bridgeport , but he nevertheless emerged with an MBA .
Both men graduate to the high - flying sector of Wall Street analysts .
On returning to New York from overseas , both men get singled out and questioned by Immigration officials .
Both men sour on America and grow beards .
Previously “ moderate , ” they are now “ radicalized . ”
The difference is that Faisal tries to blow up midtown Manhattan while Changez becomes the amused detached narrator of a critically acclaimed novel genially mocking America ’s parochialism and paranoia .
Mohsin Hamed ’s book was hailed as “ elegant ” ( The Observer ) , “ charming ” ( The Village Voice ) , “ playful ” ( The Financial Times ) , “ rich in irony ” ( The Sydney Morning Herald ) and “ finely tuned to the ironies of mutual – but especially American – prejudice ” ( The Guardian ) .
If only life were like an elegantly playful novel rich in irony .
Instead , the real - life counterpart to the elegant charmer holes up in a jihadist training camp for months , flies back “ home ” and parks a fully loaded SUV in Times Square .
He ’s not an exception , he ’s the rule .
The Pantybomber is a wealthy Nigerian who lived in a London flat worth two million pounds .
Kafeel Ahmed , who died driving a flaming SUV into the concourse of Glasgow Airport , was president of the Islamic Society of Queen ’s University , Belfast .
Omar Sheikh , the man who beheaded Daniel Pearl , was a graduate of the London School of Economics .
Mohammed Atta was a Hamburg University engineering student .
Osama bin Laden went to summer school at Oxford .
Educated men .
Westernized men .
Men who could be pulling down big six - figure salaries anywhere on the planet – were it not that their Islamic identity trumps everything else : elite education , high - paying job , Western passport .
As for the idea that America has become fanatically “ Islamophobic ” since 9/11 , au contraire : Were America even mildly “ Islamophobic , ” it would have curtailed Muslim immigration , or at least subjected immigrants from Pakistan , Yemen and a handful of other hotbeds to an additional level of screening .
Instead , Muslim immigration to the West has accelerated in the past nine years , and , as the case of Faisal Shahzad demonstrates , being investigated by terrorism task forces is no obstacle to breezing through your U.S. citizenship application .
An “ Islamophobic ” America might have pondered whether the more extreme elements of self - segregation were compatible with participation in a pluralist society : Instead , President Barack Obama makes fawning speeches boasting that he supports the rights of women to be “ covered ” – rather than the rights of the ever - lengthening numbers of European and North American Muslim women beaten , brutalized and murdered for not wanting to be covered .
America is so un-Islamophobic that at Ground Zero they ’re building a 13 - story mosque – on the site of an old Burlington Coat Factory damaged by airplane debris that Tuesday morning .
So , in the ruins of a building reduced to rubble in the name of Islam , a temple to Islam will arise .
And , whenever the marshmallow illusions are momentarily discombobulated , the entire political - media class rushes forward to tell us that the thwarted killer was a “ lone wolf , ” an “ isolated extremist . ”
According to Mayor Bloomberg , a day or two before Shahzad ’s arrest , the most likely culprit was “ someone who does n’t like the health care bill ” ( that would be me , if your SWAT team ’s at a loose end this weekend ) .
Even after Shahzad ’s arrest , the Associated Press , CNN and The Washington Post attached huge significance to the problems the young jihadist had had keeping up his mortgage payments .
Just as , after Maj .
Hasan , the “ experts ” effortlessly redefined “ post - traumatic stress disorder ” to apply to a psychiatrist who ’d never been anywhere near a war zone , so now the housing market is the root cause of terrorism :
Subprime terrorism is a far greater threat to America than anything to do with certain words beginning with I- and ending in –slam .
Incidentally , one way of falling behind with your house payments is to take half a year off to go to Pakistan and train in a terrorist camp .
Perhaps Congress could pass some sort of jihadist housing credit ?
Given the demographic advance of Islam in Europe and the de jure advance of Sharia in Europe ( the Geert Wilders blasphemy trial ) and de facto in America ( Comedy Central ’s and Yale University Press ’ submission to Islamic proscriptions on representations of Mohammed ) , you wonder why excitable types like Faisal Shahzad are so eager to jump the gun .
The Islamization of the West proceeds apace ; why draw attention to it and risk a backlash ?
Because the reactions of Bloomberg & Co. are a useful glimpse into the decayed and corroded heart of a civilization .
One day the bomb will explode .
Dozens dead ?
Hundreds ?
Thousands ?
Would we then restrict immigration from certain parts of the world ?
Or at least subject them to extra roadblocks on the fast - track to citizenship ?
What do you think ?
I see , as part of the new culturally sensitive warmongering , that the NATO commander in Afghanistan is considering giving out awards to soldiers for “ courageous restraint . ”
Maybe we could hand them out at home , too .
Hopefully not posthumously .
©MARK STEYN
WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Letters to the Editor : E-mail to letters@ocregister.com .
Please provide your name and telephone number ( telephone numbers will not be published ) .
Letters of about 200 words will be given preference .
Letters will be edited for length , grammar and clarity .
Here 's one to file under " money for old rope " .
The boss of the hipster clothes retailer Abercrombie & Fitch is getting a $ 4 m one - off payout in return for agreeing to limit his use the firm 's corporate jet for personal trips .
Abercrombie 's chief executive , Mike Jeffries , is getting the lump sum to compensate him for a contractual change scrapping his entitlement to unlimited free flights on the plane , according to an SEC filing by the company .
In future , he 'll have to reimburse the cost of any personal travel costing more than $ 200,000 annually .
It 's been common recently for US companies to crack down on leisure use of corporate jets , responding to corporate governance guidelines and critical headlines over lavish boardroom perks .
But chief execs do n't usually get multi-million dollar payments for foregoing travel .
Reuters reports that Jeffries enjoyed an average of $ 850,000 worth of personal travel on the company jet annually between 2006 and 2008 .
He was paid a total of $ 15.9 m in 2008 .
Jeffries , who is 66 , says " dude " a lot , according to a profile by Salon a few years ago .
He 's the maestro behind Abercrombie 's occasionally controversial use of young , bare - chested models for its advertising .
Oh , and he was named as one of America 's most overpaid bosses by research firm Corporate Library last year .
Image caption Angela Merkel has been under pressure over her handling of the crisis
Germany 's parliament has approved the country 's contribution to a 750bn euro ( $ 938bn , £ 651 bn ) rescue deal for the eurozone .
The German contribution is key to the plan , and would amount to up to 148bn euros .
Chancellor Angela Merkel has faced widespread domestic opposition to her support for measures to help Greece and other struggling EU economies .
But she has warned that the euro would be " in danger " without strong action .
' Clear sign '
The Bundestag , or German lower house , voted by 319 votes to 73 in favour of Germany 's participation in the bail - out , with 195 abstentions .
Two opposition parties - the Social Democrats and the Greens - abstained , while the Left Party voted against .
The upper house then gave its approval .
Mrs Merkel hailed the vote as a clear signal that the German government backed a stable eurozone .
" It is a very important day for the German parliament today ... and I am happy that we managed to get a package for stabilising the euro , " she said at a joint news conference with the visiting British Prime Minister , David Cameron .
" It is very important that the factions of the government show a very clear sign what to do with regard to stabilisation , " Mrs Merkel said .
But the BBC's Steve Rosenberg in Berlin says it was hardly a convincing victory for Mrs Merkel , who has come under attack at home and abroad for her handling of the financial crisis .
Without cross-party support the German leader will struggle to secure public backing for bailing out Germany 's neighbours , he says .
Bail - out plans for Greece are already thought to have contributed to a defeat for her centre - right coalition in a key state election in North Rhine - Westphalia ( NRW ) earlier this month .
Task force agreements
The vote on the package , which is designed to shore up the finances of struggling eurozone countries , came as an EU task force of finance ministers met in Brussels to discuss ways to prevent a repeat of the economic crisis in Greece .
EU Council President Herman Van Rompuy said the task force had agreed to move forward on key priorities .
They include implementing greater budgetary discipline , creating an effective crisis management mechanism , and the need to strengthen economic governance across the eurozone .
European markets fell after opening on Friday amid fears that the region 's debt crisis could spread .
In Berlin German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle told members of parliament that the vote was about " whether you think that Europe should stand or whether it should fall " .
Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said that without the euro , " we would have a much weaker economy , a much weaker Germany and a much weaker social security system " .
But opposition politician Thomas Oppermann questioned the government 's priorities .
" It is noticeable that we move at different speeds depending on whether it's about saving banks or calming nervous financial markets , or whether it 's about defending citizens against these financial markets by regulating , " he said .
' No disagreements '
As Mrs Merkel tried to gather support for Germany 's contribution to the European bail - out fund earlier this week , German regulators announced a unilateral ban on some types of short - selling .
The ban covers " naked " short - selling , which occurs when a trader sells a financial instrument that has not yet been borrowed .
The restrictions also cover the use of credit derivatives to bet on a fall in the value of the debt of a eurozone government .
Germany angered other EU nations by acting alone on the ban , which triggered a fall in stock markets and the euro .
Mrs Merkel has also called for tougher regulation of banks and financial markets ahead of next month 's G20 summit in Canada .
The eurozone 's leading economies , Germany and France , have been divided over how to deal with the debt crisis , though French President Nicolas Sarkozy said on Thursday he had " no disagreements " with Mrs Merkel .
However , during the debate ahead of Friday 's vote in the Bundestag , senior German Social Democrat Sigmar Gabriel accused Mrs Merkel of hurting the relationship between the two countries .
" Madam chancellor , not since Konrad Adenauer has a German chancellor been so humiliated in Europe , " he said , referring to West Germany 's first post - war chancellor .
" No - one has ever damaged the Franco - German axis as much as you have over the past month . "
Comments from Germany
Comments from other countries
Drunken Pole Dancer Ruins Wedding
It was a wedding to remember , the music was playing , drink was being drunk , everyone was dancing and then all hell broke loose .
Could Motorola be ushering in a new era of cellular phones sporting 3D capabilities much sooner than expected ?
Our friend Carl over at AndroidForums was quick to point out some striking similarities between the latest images of Motorola ’s new MT820 and a recent patent filing for three - dimensional display technology .
Lets take a look at the recent images of that new Motorola flip - phone :
And compare that with this recent patent filing from Motorola for 3D - enabled cell phones :
The patent is for a device that will display a standard 2D image on its screen with the cover open , but when the translucent flip - top is down , it will convert those images to 3D .
If you take a close look at the pics of Motorola ’s MT820 , the top half is a transparent plastic , rather than an additional screen .
Could it be a specially - coated image filter ?
I still question the use of 3D beyond being a gimmick movies can employ now and then , but it seems Hollywood , the gaming industry , and electronics manufacturers are really getting behind the 3D movement with a huge push of 3D products .
Nearly every big budget movie getting a release this summer will have a 3D counterpart , Nintendo will be releasing a 3D Nintendo DS , and 3D televisions are coming to the market quickly .
It may just be a fad that will fizzle out as quickly as it started , but perhaps 3D is here to stay .
Take this as a big old heap of speculation with a side of rumor , but the image in the patent filing matches up a little too closely for this to not deserve some sort of attention .
If Motorola drops a 3D phone this soon , it will be one well - kept secret .
Could it be a possibility , or is the latest Moto Android merely borrowing the form factor of a planned 3D device , minus the 3D ?
All around the world , ancient art depicts creatures that some interpret as dinosaurs .
Do n't believe it .
by Brian Dunning
Filed under Natural History
Skeptoid Podcast # 207
May 25 , 2010
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4207.mp3
Today we point our skeptical eye at the jungles of the Dark Continent , and other remote hideaways throughout the world , where tales tell that living relicts from the past still walk among us : the dinosaurs .
From Mokele Mbembe , the alleged sauropod of the Congo ; to the Ropen , said to be a pterosaur ruling the skies of Papua New Guinea ; to the idea that plesiosaurs are the lake monsters of Loch Ness , Ogopogo , and others ; the reports come from all over .
You 'd think these stories would be on the decline .
As humans spread out into the farthest reaches of our planet and explore more , you 'd expect the stories to fade as nothing is found .
However , they 're actually on the rise , due to promotional efforts by the relatively new Young Earth Creationism movement intent on proving that dinosaurs lived so recently that they coexisted with humans , and may even survive today .
But all of that aside , this was an episode I was pretty excited to do , because it 's really fun to examine evidence of something so interesting as living dinosaurs .
But sadly , I was immediately disappointed .
Dig as much as I could , I found that there is no solid evidence for almost any of these animals .
There are tremendous volumes of anecdotal stories , nearly all reported by impassioned cryptozoologists , and nearly all based on interviews of native people : secondhand reports of secondhand reports .
But surely these people must be seeing something .
Legitimate zoologists who have followed up on the cryptozoologists ' claims routinely find that known animals were likely the cause of the stories : birds for the Ropen , and hippos or crocodiles for the Mokele Mbembe .
Since the personal anecdote route has failed to produce hard data , cryptozoologists and Young Earthers have turned to ancient artwork in an effort to form a parallel line of evidence .
Chief among these accounts is a stone carving buried in the jungles of Cambodia , the Buddhist temple of Ta Prohm .
Ta Prohm is often featured in popular culture .
It 's best known for its jungle trees growing among the moss - green stone ruins , most famously for the great roots flowing over it that look like they were poured into place , and its giant stone faces of Buddha .
Virtually the entire temple is carved with Buddhist images or decorations .
Of particular interest is one column tucked away in a corner , graced with a winding serpent that encircles a number of animals .
Some are recognizable as actual animals , others are chimera or mythical creatures such as garudas or nagas .
But one stands out in particular , because at first glance , you might think it looks like a Stegosaurus .
It 's a stout four legged animal , its big head hanging low , with a tail about like that of a dog .
Most significantly , along its back is a row of pointed plates .
The Ta Prohm Stegosaurus has made waves throughout the cryptozoology world , appealing not only to those who believe that relict dinosaurs still exist in parts of the world , but even to Young Earth Creationists desperate for evidence that humans and dinosaurs coexisted .
However , upon any reasonable inspection , the Ta Prohm creature fails to serve as good evidence of either of these hypotheses .
There are at least three dramatic differences between it and a Stegosaurus .
First and most significantly , Stegosaurus had a tiny head , such that from a side glance , it 's hard to tell which end is its head and which is its tail .
Both were long , graceful , and tapered out to a point .
The Ta Prohm creature , conversely , has a massive head , perhaps a quarter the size of its entire body , like that of a hippo , and no neck to speak of .
Second , the Ta Prohm creature is completely missing Stegosaurus ' most identifiable feature : the thagomizer , the collection of four spikes at the tip of its tail .
Finally , the distinctive plates rising from the spine are all wrong .
Stegosaurus had 17 plates of greatly varying size , tiny at the head and tail , rising to very large at the top of the back .
Ta Prohm has only six or seven , all of equal size .
If the Ta Prohm carving did indeed use a living Stegosaurus as its model , then its quality is grossly out of step with that of all the other animals carved at Ta Prohm , which are quite accurate and beautifully done .
Of course , we can't know what was in the mind of the artist .
But we can get an idea from looking at all the carvings in context .
In all of the backgrounds , foliage is depicted .
The Stegosaurus would be the only animal shown without accompanying foliage , unless we make a different interpretation of the image .
If we interpret the " back plates " as background foliage , to bring the image in line with all the others , we 're left with a common , fairly generic quadruped .
I think it looks a lot like a single - horned Javan Rhinoceros that lived in the region at the time of Ta Prohm .
Other identifications have been a wild boar , or even a chameleon .
None of these are perfect matches , but all are much closer than Stegosaurus , and all are real animals that would have been well known to the Ta Prohm artists .
And , of course , since Ta Prohm depicts many mythical beasts , there is n't even a need to identify the creature as a real animal .
That Stegosaurus must have lived in Cambodia only 800 years ago drops to among the least likely of many possible explanations for the carving .
But even given its weaknesses , the Ta Prohm creature is head and shoulders above the rest of the evidence that 's in the form of ancient art .
At the bottom end of this spectrum is a formation from Bernifal Cave , one of the many caves in France filled with Cro Magnon pictographs .
The paintings in Bernifal all show real animals , but some Young Earthers point to part of the rock surface that they believe has been carved to show a generic dinosaur butting heads with a mammoth .
This is one of those cases of pareidolia , like the Face on Mars .
It 's fair to say that the contours on the rock do vaguely look like the head and jaw of a dragonlike creature , but what they call a mammoth is just a blob .
The Cro Magnon are not known to have ever produced any 3D carvings of figures , and there are not even any legitimate petroglyphs in Bernifal .
( A pictograph is painted on the surface of rock ; a petroglyph is made by chipping into the surface . )
This alleged battle to the death has the same surface texture as the rest of the cave , the same general contouring , and has never been included in any legitimate archaeological survey of the cave 's artwork .
But there is real artwork , that human artists actually did make , that 's better .
Virtually every culture throughout history has produced art , much of it very high quality , that depicts dragons or other beasts that look something like some prehistoric species .
I could speak for hours simply listing the excellent examples from China , Egypt , Mesopotamia , Rome , Mesoamerica , even North America , where you could point directly to a known dinosaur species and make a match .
But you have to understand how illogical it is to consider any of this art to be evidence that the depicted creature was actually known to the artist to be a living or real animal .
Art , by definition , is a representation of the artist 's imagination or impression .
There is an even larger number of artworks from all of these cultures that even Young Earthers and cryptozoologists would readily admit were not intended to be photorealistic representations of actual living beings .
Some fantastic creatures in art happened to resemble real species , many more did not .
Ancient artists did not employ a flagging system to unambiguously tell us which of their art represented mythical beings and which were intended as historical records of living animals .
I 'll give two specific examples that I think would be among the most convincing : A pair of long - necked dinosaurs engraved in brass on the 1496 tomb of the Bishop of Carlisle in the UK , and another stegosaurus ( of much more accurate proportions than the one at Ta Prohm ) on a shard of ancient Greek pottery found in modern day Turkey .
Now , it 's possible to debate the details of these works all day long .
Neither of them quite match what we now believe these animals looked like , including some very significant anatomical differences .
But this line of reasoning is never going to get you anywhere ; you can argue yourself into circles all day long and never change the mind of someone who believes that if an ancient piece of artwork superficially matches a known dinosaur , it 's therefore evidence .
This all comes down to the value of anecdotal evidence .
A personal account , whether it's a verbal story , a sketch , a written report , or a stone carving , can not be tested .
No matter how authoritative or reliable we consider a witness to be , his account , by itself , cannot be validated scientifically .
The line of reasoning that Someone told a story , therefore it must be true is precarious indeed .
The reverse is just as invalid : Someone told a story , therefore it must be false .
There are so many other possibilities : Fiction , legend , metaphor .
And significantly , mistaken interpretation is just as possible on the listener 's end as it is on the teller 's end .
If we do find a Ropen or a Mokele Mbembe one day , it seems likely that their numbers will be pretty small .
Maybe relict dinosaurs were around in larger numbers when some of these ancient artists were active , but all the testable evidence we have for dinosaurs places them tens of millions of years before the first protohuman stood up .
We have only anecdotes that suggest otherwise , anecdotes that fail to be backed up by the testable evidence that we would expect to exist were these creatures real .
Do dinosaurs survive in some remote corner of the world ?
I certainly hope so , and I think most people would love for it to be true ; but I 'm not putting my money on it .
I think a dinosaur would be pretty hard to miss .
Do n't let your emotions govern your science .
No matter how much you want something to be true , always consider the quality of the evidence .
If it 's anecdotal and unsupported by corroborating testable evidence , you have very good reason to be skeptical .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
Spain 's first World Cup match is on 16 June
Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas has begun training again following a leg injury which has kept him out of the side 's run-in to the Premier League season .
The 22 - year - old underwent a scan on the injury last week and said he is now aiming to join the Spain squad on 24 May ahead of the World Cup .
" My recovery from a cracked fibula is on schedule , " Fabregas said .
" I have started jogging for the first time , and it looks as if I will begin running again properly tomorrow . "
The midfielder , who has been out of action since the Champions League quarter - final second - leg against Barcelona in April , continued : " I am happy with how things are going .
" Now I just have to be patient , making sure I come back as strongly as I can . "
Fabregas was writing in his captain 's programme notes ahead of Arsenal 's final game of the season against Fulham at the Emirates .
He added : " On May 24 , I will join up with the Spanish national team and should be able to join in a bit when we play Saudi Arabia five days later .
" The timing is looking good for the World Cup , but I am sad not to have played a part in the end of Arsenal 's season . "
Spain 's opening World Cup match in South Africa is against Switzerland at Durban on 16 June .
Yesterday when we shipped Steam on the Mac , previous owners of the PC Steam version of Sid Meier 's Civilization IV , Civilization IV : Beyond the Sword Sid Meier 's Civilization IV : Colonization , or Sid Meier 's Civilization IV :
The Complete Edition did not have access to their games when logging in on a Mac .
But as of now , upon logging into Steam , those owners will have access to the Mac version of their games , right in their Steam library .
Times Square bombing arrest allows GOP to revive ' Miranda ' debate
By Paul Kane , Shailagh Murray and Matt DeLong
After the news late Monday that federal authorities arrested Faisal Shahzad in connection with Saturday 's botched car bombing in New York 's Times Square , congressional Republicans wasted no time in reviving the debate on whether to read Miranda rights to a terror suspect .
The Miranda issue rose to prominence in the aftermath of the failed attempt to blow up an airliner on Christmas Day .
It was reported that the suspect , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , stopped providing information after he was read his rights following 50 minutes of interrogation .
In remarks Tuesday morning , President Obama did not say when Shahzad was read his Miranda rights .
In a news conference at the Justice Department , FBI Deputy Director John Pistole said Shahzad was initially interrogated by the FBI under the " public safety exception to the Miranda rule " and provided " valuable " intelligence and evidence .
Pistole said Shahzad was later Mirandized and " continued to cooperate and provide valuable information . "
Pistole declined to say how long Shahzad was in custody before he was Mirandized .
Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , appearing on Don Imus 's morning talk show , came out hard against affording Shahzad , a naturalized American citizen , his constitutional rights .
" Obviously that would be a serious mistake ... at least until we find out as much information we have , " McCain said during an appearance on " Imus in the Morning " when asked whether the suspect , 30 - year - old Faisal Shahzad , a naturalized American citizen from Pakistan , should be given his constitutional rights .
" Do n't give this guy his Miranda rights until we find out what it 's all about , " McCain added .
Watch the latest business video at video.foxbusiness.com
Rep. Peter King ( R - N.Y. ) , told Politico that Holder should make the decision in consultation with intelligence officials .
" I hope that [ Attorney General Eric ]
Holder did discuss this with the intelligence community .
If they believe they got enough from him , how much more should they get ?
Did they Mirandize him ?
I know he's an American citizen but still , " King told Politico .
" I hope that if they did read him his rights and if they are going for an indictment as opposed to a tribunal that he did discuss it with the Director of National Intelligence , the Central Intelligence Agency , all the component parts of the intelligence community , " King said .
" If someone acts like a terrorist and cooperates with people intent on war against the United States , they should be treated as terrorists and not as a common criminal .
And no , they should not be read their Miranda rights , " said Sen.
John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) , who along with McCain is senior Republican on the Armed Services Committee .
While not specifically referring to Miranda rights , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) alluded to the issue on the Senate floor .
" Hopefully the appropriate officials are using this opportunity to exploit as much intelligence as he may have about his overseas connections and any other plots against Americans either here or abroad . "
Meanwhile , conservative firebrand talk show host Glenn Beck came out in favor of reading Shahzad his Miranda rights .
" He is a citizen of the United States , so I say we uphold the laws and the Constitution on citizens , " the bombastic Fox News host said to the stunned co-hosts of " Fox and Friends " .
" If you are a citizen , you obey the law and follow the Constitution .
[ Shahzad ] has all the rights under the Constitution . "
" We do n't shred the Constitution when it is popular , " Beck added .
" We do the right thing . "
Democrats agreed .
Sen. Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) , the chairman of the Armed Services Committee , suggested that the FBI had done " one heck of a job " so far , emphasizing the need to move Shahzad through the U.S. court system to secure a guilty verdict .
" Since he 's arrested here in the United States , he 's an American citizen , he 's going to be entitled to the same rights that other American citizens have .
So , you want to make sure you can try and convict this guy , and if you do n't do it right , you can mess up your own trial and conviction .
So you 've got to do it right .
Otherwise you 're working against yourself , whatever the rights are , including the Miranda warning , " Levin said .
" This is a U.S. citizen , arrested on U.S. soil , subject to the constitutional protections and constraints of every U.S. citizen .
... I think it 's pretty well - settled law , " House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) said .
Sen. Joseph Lieberman ( I - Conn. ) , appearing on Fox News , suggested changing the law to strip the citizenship -- and in turn the rights afforded by the Constitution -- from any American who becomes involved with terrorism .
I think it 's time for us to look at whether we want to amend that law to apply it to American citizens who choose to become affiliated with foreign terrorist organizations , whether they should not also be deprived automatically of their citizenship , and therefore be deprived of rights that come with that citizenship when they are apprehended and charged with a terrorist act .
Florida Senate GOP candidate Marco Rubio said he was unsure if Shahzad should be Mirandized .
" It all depends on how they 're going to try him , " Rubio said when asked if the suspect deserced to be read his rights .
" If this individual has information that could help us prevent future attacks and loss of life , nothing should stand in the way of that , including Miranda [ rights ] . "
And former New York Gov. George Pataki ( R ) , rumored to be weighing a presidential bid in 2012 , declined to call Shahzad 's apprehension a success .
" I do n't think you call it victory .
I think victory would be being able to prevent these before they get to that point where you have a loaded van in Times Square , " he said .
" I think it 's more a question of lucky .
The fact that the van started to smoke and we had a courageous individual who went out and notified the police and then we have a great police and fire department that reacted brilliantly . "
Updated at 5:12 p.m .
As expected , Google just announced Google TV at I /O .
There 's four billion TV viewers worldwide , making it the biggest market in the world , and Google 's after it in a big way -- it 's a $ 70 billion ad market in the US alone , after all .
According to Google , " video should be consumed on the biggest , best , and brightest screen in your house , and that 's the TV . "
The idea is to merge the web and TV without compromising on either the web experience or the video experience , with a focus on discovery and personalization .
Of course , since it 's Google , the interface is search - driven , so you can just type in things like " 30 Rock " or MSNBC " to find channels and content -- including upcoming content to record and content from the internet .
Yeah , it 's kind of like the TiVo Premiere 's swivel search , but prettier -- and there 's a Hulu logo on the screen , which is extremely intriguing .
Google 's not sharing hardware specs , but we 're told Google TV devices will have WiFi , HDMI , the Intel CE4100 processor , and ... some will have an IR blaster to tune your cable or satellite box , which is just sad .
( Like , 1997 sad .)
The input devices will all have keyboards , and you 'll also be able to use Android devices as a remote , including using voice search to find content and sending content from the phone to the TV .
The software is based on Android with Chrome as the browser and full Flash 10.1 support .
Since it 's Android , there 's a version of Android Market -- any app that does n't require phone hardware can run on Google TV .
There will also be a Google TV - specific Android SDK launching in " early " 2011 , along with the Android Market for Google TV .
As for partners , it 's just as we heard : Sony will launch Sony Internet TVs and Blu-ray players with Google TV in the fall , and Logitech will introduce a set - top box with a Harmony remote and an HD camera for video chat at some point in the future .
Dish Network will also launch a Google TV box at some point , while Best Buy will promote the platform as a whole in - store .
Make sure to keep up with the latest from I/O in our liveblog
Published online 12 April 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.176
News
Brain disorder eradicates ethnic but not gender bias .
Children without Williams syndrome form stereotypes about ethnic groups .
US Army
Prejudice may seem inescapable , but scientists now report the first group of people who seem not to form racial stereotypes .
Children with a neurodevelopmental disorder called Williams syndrome ( WS ) are overly friendly because they do not fear strangers .
Now , a study shows that these children also do not develop negative attitudes about other ethnic groups , even though they show patterns of gender stereotyping found in other children .
" This is the first evidence that different forms of stereotypes are biologically dissociable , " says Andreas Meyer - Lindenberg , director of the Central Institute of Mental Health in Mannheim , Germany , who led the study published today in Current Biology1 .
Adults with WS show abnormal activity in a brain structure called the amygdala , which is involved in responding to social threats and triggering unconscious negative emotional reactions to other races2,3 .
Racial bias has been tied to fear : adults are more likely to associate negative objects and events , such as electric shocks , with people of other ethnic groups compared with those of their own group4 .
But according to Meyer - Lindenberg , his latest study offers the strongest evidence so far that social fear leads to racial stereotyping .
Show no fear
The team showed 18 pictures to 20 children with and 20 without WS , all of whom were of white European origin .
Then they asked the children , aged 5 - 16 years , to choose individuals in the drawings who might engage in sex - specific activities , such as playing with dolls .
Both groups of children showed the same patterns of gender stereotyping .
Children in the study were asked to associate characters in stories to pictures of dark - and light - skinned people .
Williams , J.E. , Best , D.L. , and Boswell , D.A. Child Dev. ( 1975 )
The children also heard stories about individuals , represented in drawings , who had negative attributes , such as being naughty and dirty , or positive traits , such as being pretty and smart .
They were then asked to choose whether the story was about a light - skinned or a dark - skinned individual in the drawings .
One example story was this : " There are two little boys .
One of them is a kind little boy .
Once he saw a kitten fall into a lake and he picked the kitten up to save it from drowning .
Which is the kind little boy ? "
Children without WS favoured positive characteristics for the light - skinned children and negative features for dark - skinned individuals , consistent with previous studies on both white and black children5 , but those with WS lacked any bias .
The obvious conclusion , Meyer - Lindenberg says , is that social fear is not required for gender stereotyping , but it is important in forming racial stereotypes .
" This is a really novel finding , enough to make us rethink what we mean by stereotyping , " says Uta Frith , a developmental psychologist at University College London .
Absence of evidence
The results suggest that social fear contributes to racial stereotyping .
But WS is associated with other cognitive impairments , such as mental retardation , that may also have a role , Meyer - Lindenberg says .
ADVERTISEMENT
Although the authors controlled for many factors , such as IQ and socioeconomic background , children with and without WS may have had different experiences of members of other racial groups , says John Gabrieli , a cognitive neuroscientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge .
" To a certain degree , all children are exposed to sex roles from their parents , but not all are forced to think about race , " he says .
Less exposure to racial stereotypes could possibly explain the lack of racial bias in children with WS , he says .
Meyer - Lindenberg believes his findings will replicate in larger samples and different age groups .
In future neuroimaging studies , he would like to tease apart the neural circuits involved in different types of stereotypes .
The study does not answer whether stereotyping is genetically determined or based on experience , Meyer - Lindenberg says .
So he'd also like to examine the role of experience , for instance , by finding children who have been raised by two members of the same sex .
" Until this study , I think people never imagined that these two stereotypes would be biologically separable , " Gabrieli says .
" Whether it turns out to be due to genes , the environment or a complicated interaction , it shifts the discussion . "
In an exclusive interview with John Hesling , executive producer of the recently - announced - as - heading - to - the - History - Channel motoring show Top Gear USA , we learned this new American show plans on meeting or exceeding the bar set by the UK original .
Wait , there 's more .
Advertisement
This is the third attempt to copy the British version of Top Gear for an American audience .
The first was for the Discovery Channel and the most recent try was the Adam Carolla - helmed pilot , a show NBC axed before it could air .
The History Channel ( now just " History " ) , is the third to try .
The network formerly known for World War II documentaries has committed to ten episodes starring racer Tanner Foust , comedian Adam Ferrera , and NASCAR " analyst " Rutledge Wood .
Advertisement
Despite the past two failures , Executive Producer John Hesling thinks the U.S. version will match the high standard set by the original and provided these as - of - yet unreleased details before getting on a plane for more shooting of the show .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
10 . ) They 're Keeping Star In A Reasonably Priced Car
Advertisement
No word yet on what the car will be , but the team is n't discouraged by the crappy Jay Leno version so they plan to put stars to the test around a track .
It wo n't be a truly awful car like a Chrysler Sebring , but " something dull like a Kia Rio . "
Advertisement
9. ) The Show Will Be A Full Hour
History will give Top Gear USA a full hour by cable standards , so 44 minutes with commercials .
Advertisement
8. ) It 'll Look Just Like The British Show
" There 's no sense in doing it if the production value is n't there . "
Hesling says .
This means overexposed cinematography , splashy camerawork and quick cuts .
Advertisement
Does this mean a comparable budget to the expensive UK Top Gear ?
Hesling says " Yes , " then qualifying that with " We wanted to get enough money to absolutely match the cinematic caliber of the UK version . "
7. ) Rutledge Wood Owns A Diesel Rabbit Pickup
Advertisement
The biggest concern about the cast is Wood , who is mostly unknown to anyone who has n't watched him interview Dale Jr. about jeans .
We 've learned he 's owned 44 cars and has a lawn strewn with donors .
He 's also in love with his diesel VW Rabbit Pickup , which is a rare diesel - powered El Camino .
Of course , he also just purchased a Honda Odyssey because of his new kid and " thought it was the best car he 's ever driven . "
6. ) They Wo n't Pretend To Like Cars
It 's hard to make fun of automakers when you rely on their money , something a show on BBC does n't have to worry about .
Top Gear USA is going to have advertisers , but they 're promising it wo n't be brought to you by a car company .
Advertisement
" Not to disrespect other car shows , but they 're fundamentally comprised , " says Hesling .
" They have to say the Prius ' handles like a NASCAR , ' but Top Gear could n't be like that ... we will be absolutely and brutally honest .
That 's what Top Gear is . "
5. ) No One Can Fill Jeremy Clarkson's Shoes
Advertisement
Top Gear is helmed by one of the biggest personalities in Europe and the Exec Producer made sure we understood ain't none of these guys is Jeremy Clarkson .
Hesling described Clarkson as " A force of nature " and reminded us " he 's one of the most famous people in England . "
So what can we expect from the hosts ?
Ferrara :
Works on cars with his dad , skeptical but not cynical , likes cars from the 1970s .
Foust :
Does n't care if a car looks like " an egg cart " as long as it handles well .
Wood : Enamored with shiny objects , boyish enthusiasm , massive head .
Advertisement
4. ) The American Stig Wo n't Be The Stig's Fat American Cousin
Hesling would n't confirm or deny the existence of an American Stig , but then went on to assure us the American Stig wo n't be the big fat American Stig .
Advertisement
Top Gear Tours Alabama in American Hoopties
There are some places we 've been in this country that have actively frightened us .
For example , … Read more
3. ) Something Big Is Happening In The Mountains
Advertisement
Shooting started on Monday and continues today , with the first major feature happening in the mountains around Monmouth , Oregon .
No details but anyone in the area with a cameraphone should keep vigilant for one of these three men .
2. ) Expect It As Late As This December
The press release said " Fall " but Hesling let slip it could debut as late as November or December .
Advertisement
1. ) It'll Carry Over The Exact Same Format
Advertisement
" We 'll be doing star in a car , we 'll be doing the power tests , car reviews , action films , and the studio element .
It 's a format that 's the jewel in the crown of the BBC so we 'll be doing it exactly like the British version .
It 's exactly the same format . "
The aircraft was a PZL - 104 Wilga 35A , a Polish fixed - wing landplane , often used for crop spraying .
It is “ a perfectly serviceable , very robust , utilitarian aeroplane ” , said Kieran Daly , an independent aviation consultant .
However it also emerged that the same aircraft was involved in another incident four years ago when it was towing a banner .
An official report said the 1995 registered plane was landing when there was a sudden “ thump ” and the plane “ staggered ” in the air after the banner had been dropped uneventfully
Credit : NEIL HALL / INS
Dr. Stephen Murgatroyd notes that psychiatry ’s diagnostic bible , the DSM , is " By no stretch of the imagination is it a scientific , evidence - based document .
It is–and always has been–an unsubstantiated catalog of behaviors deemed " mental illnesses . "
Its primary goal is to expand the psychiatry ’s reach and billable territory :
" The quest to add sex addiction to the catalogue of recognized illness states is just a part of the desire of psychiatrists to identify everything as problematic . "
" If you want to call in sick , go to the library and find a copy – it ’s a treasure trove of sick - day opportunities " .
He reminds ( those who need reminding ) that psychiatry ’s " diagnostic " designations are as fickle as its worthless treatments –some behaviors designated as " illnesses " in one edition of the DSM have been dropped while " several forms of therapy once popular have , on the basis of evidence , been sidelined . "
In the 1990s medical inscribers examined the validity of Thomas Szasz ’s claims that psychiatry is a fraud : " they looked at 50,000 cases handled by the National Medical Enterprises Corporation ’s psychiatric hospitals .
What they found was startling : 32.6 per cent contained a fraudulent diagnosis to match insurance coverage , while 43.4 per cent of the cases were billed for services not actually rendered . "
The approach to defining mental illness has not been revised in all these years–indeed , none of the DSM " diagnostic " labels are backed by scientific evidence .
Therefore , an examination of the validity of charges submitted to medical insurers for psychiatric diagnoses and services will likely save taxpayers millions of wasted dollars .
Dr. Murgatroyd asks , " Is systematic deception to be a new addiction and a new DSM category ? "
" It may actually be the case that psychiatry itself is the new disorder in need of treatment . "
Vera Hassner Sharav
The wingnuts are all worked up over Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's disparaging remarks about Arizona 's police - state immigration law .
( They especially do n't like that Democrats applauded it . )
Notably , Orrin Hatch got his feelings hurt .
One of their favorite ways to fire back at such criticism from south of the border is to point at Mexico 's own immigration laws , which at one time were pretty antediluvian indeed .
( This was the Washington Times ' recent approach . )
Sean Hannity trumpeted this approach in his lead segment on Fox News last night .
Hannity ran to his pal Michelle Malkin 's website and pulled down a list of supposed attributes of Mexican immigration law ( the Hannity graphic says it was posted May 20 , but it actually ran back on April 28 ) .
Snarked Hannity :
Hannity : Here 's my question : Before the president of Mexico comes here and lectures us on the South Lawn of the White House , you think he maybe ought to talk about changing his own law first ?
Sure , Sean .
Except that in fact he already did .
Hannity was working with outdated information from Malkin .
Mexico reformed its immigration laws in 2008 so that it was no longer a criminal offense :
Migrant rights activists applauded a vote by Mexico's Congress to remove long - standing criminal penalties for undocumented migrants found in the country .
The measure passed unanimously in the lower house on Tuesday , a day after Senate approval .
President Felipe Calderón 's office declined to say whether he would sign the popular measure into law .
Mexican lawmakers saw the harsh penalties as an anachronism , and some noted that Mexico also owes migrants better treatment .
Andrea Nill at ThinkProgress ' Wonk Room has more :
In 2008 , the Mexican Congress voted unanimously with 393 votes to decriminalize undocumented immigration to Mexico .
Before then , the Washington Times description of Mexican immigration law would ’ve been accurate .
Following the 2008 reform , however , undocumented immigration is a minor offense punishable by fines equivalent to about $ 475 to $ 2,400 .
The approved reform identified Mexico ’s old immigration laws as “ inadmissible ” and a violation of human rights .
Anyone wanna bet we never see a correction from either Malkin , Hannity , or the Washington Times ?
'' The kind of idea that you feel embarrassed to have even considered yourself able to put into action .
But it stuck - my idea was to climb Everest in its spring season of 2010 , and raise a shed load of cash for charity along the way . ''
Would students benefit from a bit more encouragement to get up in the morning for lectures ?
Academics in the US are debating a decision by Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff to introduce a monitoring system to check when students attend , or miss , class .
Sensors will detect students ' identification cards when they enter the lecture theatres .
If they do n't turn up often enough , they could find it reflected in their grades .
" People are saying we are using surveillance or Orwellian [ tactics ] and , boy , I 'm like ' wow ' , I did n't know taking attendance qualified as surveillance , " NAU 's spokesman , Tom Bauer , told the Badger Herald website .
Here are some contributions on the subject from Dave Farber 's Interesting People email list thread :
• In my classes at Wharton , participation in class discussion was an integral part of learning , for which outside reading is not a substitute .
If a student did n't attend , an important part of learning , the interaction with the professor and other students , was foregone .
As a consequence , I had a rule that if a student missed too many classes , they flunked .
I therefore took attendance .
Usually , this uses up a lot of class time , but I was fortunate to have assistants who took it for me .
There are ways to use technology to automate attendance - taking , but none of them are perfect .
Counting noses is the only way that really works .
Now , I actually did n't care if a student attended class .
The undergrads were there on their parents ' nickel , and many were at university only for the sex , drugs and rock and roll .
If a student wanted to waste an opportunity to learn that would never in their lifetimes be repeated , that was their business .
But do n't expect to graduate .
If a student chose to cut my class repeatedly , he or she would flunk the course .
Everyone knew the rules ; if they did n't want to live within those rules they did n't have to take my courses .
And you know what ?
Lots of students took my classes , I had good teacher ratings , students actually seemed to learn stuff , and after the first two weeks of the course there was little whining about attendance .
My experience of 25 years ' university teaching is that taking attendance increases attendance , increases both the breadth and depth of class discussion , and increases student learning .
Professor Emeritus Gerald Faulhaber
Business and public policy dept , Wharton school , University of Pennsylvania
• Why should the university care whether students attend a lecture or not ?
By the time a student reaches the university , they should be responsible for their own schedule and actions .
Seems to me to be a technological solution to a non-problem .
Dennis Allison
• Suppose I give my ID card to a friend so that they carry mine and theirs .
The scanner would n't know that I am not really there .
People have been having friends clock in for them at work for years so that they are n't docked for being late .
Charley Kline
• Speaking as a teacher , there are times when both schools and employers need to provide documentation that a student has been exposed to certain information ( regardless as to whether she or he absorbed it ) .
It is a liability issue .
Sometimes we need " proof " ( which admittedly does not prove much ) that someone has attended a sexual harassment seminar , etc .
If a school is sued for creating / permitting ( for example ) a sexist environment , it needs to be able to demonstrate that everyone has attended an anti-sexism seminar .
Of course , the system is not foolproof ( " dishonesty - proof " would be a b etter term ) .
Students could sign each other in on paper attendance sheets ; now they can sign each other in electronically .
Presumably , schools enforcing honour codes would make it public knowledge that carrying someone else 's ID is a violation of the honour code .
For that matter , carrying someone 's ID and presenting it – even electronically – is illegal , which raises other fun issues .
Sam Waltz
• Students at MIT ( Massachusetts Institute of Technology ) have demonstrated that it is trivial to clone ID cards .
It is also straightforward to " remote " an ID – that is , by connecting over a network , to forward a ny " query " or " test " over the internet to a place where the ID card actually resides ( this beats the " challenge response " card as a test of " presence " ) .
There is a certain brand of " magical thinking " that surrounds those who think [ this ] better than merely taking attendance .
Especially those who assert the " rights " of teachers and universities to require students to behave like slaves beholden to masters .
Let 's just acknowledge that society , including academia , is full of power - hungry people who want people to submit to their will .
But we do n't have to submit .
David P Reed
www.listbox.com/member/archive/
247/2010/05/sort/time_rev/page/1/
Could it happen in the UK ?
Should it happen in the UK ?
Post your comment on our website or email education.letters@theguardian.com
All Whites coach Ricki Herbert is labelling the 1 - 0 win against world number 15 Serbia in Austria as New Zealand 's biggest international scalp .
Speaking shortly after the win , Herbert was high on emotion but spoke with clarity when rating the win as New Zealand 's greatest , in terms of the calibre of opposition .
" It would have to be , I would think , " he said .
" It 's going to take a bit to take away the euphoria of November 14 [ the 1 - 0 win against Bahrain to qualify for the World Cup ] but I think , playing a team ranked that high in the world , to beat them here is a terrific result .
It 's definitely right up there . "
When New Zealand beat Georgia in 2006 , their first international win on European soil , Herbert described it as one of his proudest moments .
Georgia were ranked about 100 in the world then .
Serbia are currently 15th , 63 spots above New Zealand .
They topped their European qualifying group , which included France , and boast a squad full of players who are at some of Europe 's biggest clubs .
" This is a world class team , " Herbert said .
" They 're going to go into the World Cup as a very , very strong team , so from our perspective it's an excellent result .
" Everybody is very pleased .
I thought we played really well , the performances of a lot of them [ the players ] were right up there .
" I think around the world that 's going to send a few messages . "
Herbert said the Serbs were stunned at the result .
" They 'd be extremely disappointed , losing to New Zealand , but I guess their aim , like ours , is to be ready for the first game of the World Cup .
" But for us , it 's a fantastic result .
It 's the best we 've ever had in the history of the game , to beat a team at that level .
" I think we can savour the moment tonight but we 'll be back on the pitch in 24 hours because we 've got a lot of work to do yet . "
Herbert could have been forgiven for not even contemplating victory against Serbia , especially on the back of the match against Australia on Monday night and a long and arduous travel schedule , which meant he had to cancel one of the training sessions the day before the match .
" I changed the team a little bit because the trip from Melbourne was pretty horrendous , really , it 's such a long way and the players were tired .
But to not only win the game , but to concede no goals as well , I thought that was great . "
Herbert reported that there were no injuries arising from the match , with striker Chris Wood , who was substituted after an hour , suffering from cramp only .
Reuters WORRIES : All Whites football coach Ricky Herbert is starting to fear injuries above all else as the World Cup looms .
Ten Years Of PopCap : The Interview
By Frank Cifaldi
Seattle - based publisher and developer PopCap Games started out of a desire to create core games -- but has grown , over the last decade , to become the most prominent creator of casual games in the world .
With hits like Plants vs. Zombies , Peggle , Zuma , and of course , Bejeweled released across a huge number of platforms , the company has earned a reputation for quality , polish , and inescapability .
Recently Gamasutra had a chance to talk to founders Brian Fiete and Jason Kapalka -- John Vechey was traveling and unavailable -- about the circumstances around the company 's founding and its last 10 years of operation .
What we got was more than that .
What you 'll find here is a candid look into how two of the company 's founders viewed the casual games market at its inception , how that informed their decisions when founding the company .
You 'll learn how those convictions shaped the way the company operates today .
You 'll also find out more about the process and priorities of the hugely successful company .
In short , this article serves as a guide to PopCap 's way of thinking about and developing games .
Brian , could we talk about your background before PopCap ?
BF : Sure .
It 's not a very long one .
When I went to college , in my freshman year I met John [ Vechey ] , one of the other founders , and he was in one of my computer science classes .
We were both computer science majors .
So John and I were in college in computer science class , and we had kind of decided to work on a side project and try to build an internet game .
The game was called ARC .
It was kind of like back in the old days when there were n't too many action internet games .
There was this game called Subspace ; it was sort of popular , but you had to have a pretty decent connection to be able to play it .
We just kind of started with this very simple game that you could join in very easily and play against other people , but in kind of a flying saucer capture - the - flag type game .
So we put that up on the internet and only spent a couple of months doing the initial development on it .
Jason was working for the Total Entertainment Network at that time , and he saw the game , sent us an email , and was kind of interested in finding out what we wanted to do with it .
So that 's how we ended up meeting Jason .
We did n't really have a company or anything ; we just had made that prototype of a game that was up on the internet .
It was still our freshman year of college .
Total Entertainment Network flew us out to San Francisco to talk about potentially licensing the game and developing it into a real product .
So we flew out there and met Jason and got along pretty well .
They ended up licensing the product from us , and we started talking to Sierra Online about going to work for them and dropping out of college .
We had the credentials of having built an internet game already , so we were n't really too interested in the college experience , or graduating , or doing any of that stuff .
So John and I dropped out of college and went to work for Sierra in their online gaming division .
That was ' 98 .
JK : Yeah , I had started working at the Total Entertainment Network around ' 95 , and earlier , before that , I had been a writer for Computer Gaming World .
One of the editors from there had quit and gone and joined this internet startup ; he gave me a call ...
In 1995 , we did n't really know what the internet was ; basically , AOL was the internet .
I had just gotten an email address , I think , the week before or so .
It was kind of new and unusual stuff .
Total Entertainment Network , at the time , was trying to do hardcore games like Duke Nukem and so forth .
Over the next couple of years , they started getting into more original online games , and that was where I was starting to be kind of a game producer .
I was looking around for stuff , and that 's when I came across that game that Brian and John were working on , ARC , which I guess was kind of ahead of its time in a lot of ways in 1997 .
It was basically a top - down version of Counter - Strike , only with little saucers instead of people .
It was quite a lot of fun .
When we flew the two of them out to San Francisco , it was kind of a surprise because they were both 19 years old .
Our business guys did n't quite know what to do with them , because they could n't really take them out drinking .
They did n't really exactly know where to go to dinner with them and all this stuff , so I kind of got assigned to deal with these two crazy kids from Indiana .
As Brian said , we got along pretty well , and I thought they really had a good idea about how games work .
ARC : Attack Retrieve Capture
We did that game , ARC , on TEN , and later that led to Brian and John getting a job with Sierra in Seattle .
But we kept in touch over the next couple of years , and , meanwhile , back at TEN , TEN had sort of morphed into Pogo.com and started doing casual games .
They did n't really call them that then ; [ it was ] " family games " .
Sometime around ' 98 , I think , one day I was working on Total Annihilation , and the next day I was told to figure out a way to do Java bingo on the internet .
So that was a bit of a change !
For the next couple of years there , I kind of bounced from there to start doing casual games and started getting interested in that field .
So in 2000 , we were all kind of getting a little bit tired of our respective companies -- whether that was Pogo or Sierra -- and so we started talking about starting our own .
Our grandest ambition really was we thought we could make small games and sell them back to companies like Sierra or Pogo and make a few bucks that way .
Was it PopCap at the time , or were you going by a different name ?
BF : Well ...
If [ our VP of communications ] Garth [ Chouteau ] was on the line , he 'd probably try and get us to not talk about this ...
JK : Yeah .
The initial name was ...
Sexy Action Cool .
The short story was that it was an inside joke from back at Edmonton that we had , and the URL was obviously available .
The main thing was that we did n't really expect that we'd be using our company name as a public website ; we thought we'd be a developer where people in the industry might know who we were , but it would n't really matter for the general public if they were just going to our games through Microsoft or Pogo or whatever .
We did n't really think it mattered how wacky our company name was .
So that was the choice we made , and two months after that , when we started getting traffic to our site to play Bejeweled and so forth , that that was maybe not the best title for a family , casual game kind of company .
PopCap Games was just a DBA for a super long time .
We had paychecks going out as Sexy Action Cool for many , many years after we started hiring employees ...
BF : Yeah , pretty humorous getting that check .
I think , yeah , for awhile -- I 'm Canadian , so then I was on a work visa for awhile -- I had to stop at the border to explain that I was working for an internet company called Sexy Action Cool , which usually got you some funny looks from border officials .
( Laughs )
That does n't seem all that out there for a 2000 internet company , though .
JK : No , it was n't ... [ but ] for a casual game company , it was not the best name ; so we did eventually change it .
PopCap was just -- we all wanted a shorter name that was a little more friendly and sounded more mass market and casual .
I liked the word " pop , " so I just started looking through all these possible combinations of phrases that were six letters or less that had the word " pop " in it .
BF : It should have been PopFrog .
JK : I think we would have been PopFrog if it had been available , but someone had taken PopFrog .
I remember we liked PopCap , but there was definitely some question -- at the time , the phrase " pop a cap in your ass " was kind of common .
There was a little concern over whether that would have the wrong connotations .
But overall , we thought it had nice appeal , and more importantly the URL was available .
When you founded Sexy Action Cool , did you start it with some game concepts in mind , or do you guys just all sit down together and say , " We 're a company now .
Let 's start working on this " ?
JK : Yeah , our first game concept we never actually released .
BF : Well , no , actually the first game concept we had was what essentially became Noah 's Ark later on , when we kind of revisited it .
JK : Oh , yeah .
That was our " lost city " game .
BF : Yeah .
That was the first one .
Jason and I worked on that for a little bit before John really started coming over .
John kind of found the initial inspiration for Bejeweled in some really , really crafty dynamic HTML web game with colored circles and no animation .
JK : They were n't even circles ; they were squares .
It was really hard to figure out what was going on .
It 's like , " Oh , I kind of see ...
You 're sort of trying to create a row or something ? "
But with absolutely no animation , it was impossible to play , so the first step was " Let 's just try to make this animated and put better shapes in it . "
That ended up becoming Bejeweled .
We figured that would be just a quick little project for our first game and then we'd move on to much more complicated games after that .
BF : Well , we were kind of used to the idea .
It had been working at Pogo , and at Sierra too .
The idea was a lot of those games that were done there were not very big games ; the idea was to spend a few months on a game , and in many ways it was sort of a sideshow .
You had a chat room and prizes and all that stuff ; the game was just something to kind of keep you amused .
So they did n't necessarily put a lot of work or time into the game .
We were kind of on a schedule ; if we could do a game every three months or something like that and could sell that game for a few bucks , that would be able to keep us afloat .
So we just figured we had to do games on a very tight timeline like that .
JK : The initial version of Bejeweled , I think , only took probably a month or two , really .
When you say you were going to move on to more complicated games , you mean move on from one or two months to three months ?
BF : Well , I had aspirations of eventually kind of working on more of what we would call " core games " today -- kind of like lighter versions of core games .
But yeah , I did n't think we would stick to the casual games genre .
I like action games and strategy games , and that 's what most people play at our company .
I figured eventually -- once we 'd made some money with these quick Java games -- we'd be able to afford a longer development cycle and keep working our way up to be like the big boys .
JK : In the early days , we actually did do a lot of multiplayer games , but the problem with those was that they were very hard to sell to anyone else .
The other sites did n't want to buy them because it was a pain to try and integrate all the multiplayer aspects .
Going into this , it does n't sound like either of you guys were really into casual games .
JK : Well , at Pogo , I 'd gotten to be pretty involved with it , over the last couple of years .
It certainly started in the hardcore gaming space , but after a couple of years working on those games at Pogo , I really built a respect for those games ; they were just as good in their own way as hardcore games .
We were n't just slumming it .
We really did like those kind of simple games .
BF : I did n't like those particularly much , though .
I did n't have too much attraction to them in the beginning ; I kind of saw it as they were easy to make .
I thought we could rip them off pretty fast .
I thought we could be superior developers who would n't have all this overhead , all this bureaucracy .
My plan was to just work on games that I actually wanted to work on eventually , but once I actually started to work on these little games , like Bejeweled , I started finding how satisfying it was to take a very simple concept and execute it absolutely perfectly .
There 's its own joy in that .
Doing a simple game very , very well is just as rewarding as making a really complicated game that 's executed okay .
JK : I was doing that a couple years before Brian , and I think we all had the same idea -- which was the idea that simple games do n't necessarily have to be simplistic or bad .
You said at first you had ambition to graduate to a more core experience .
At what point and why did you make the decision not to go in that direction ?
BF : Well , I think we started having this love for casual games at some point , especially with Bejeweled .
We had a lot of issues convincing people it was a game , but there was just something about it .
It was so simple , but it could pull you in , in a really interesting way .
We 've all experienced that before with games like Tetris where you have these moments of being moved by something simple and beautiful , but ...
Yeah , that just became our new focus : to keep doing that over and over , and kind of exposing out the simple , compelling concepts .
We just kind of fell in love with that and said , " Well , why do we really need to make these more complex things when we have this new focus in life ? "
JK : And it was very rewarding to see -- all these people would be playing these games , who were outside of the regular range of regular hardcore gamers : moms and secretaries and all these people that would n't otherwise play games .
BF : We started becoming recognized based on our games .
We 'd sign some lease form for some new apartment and put down where we work , and it 's like , " Oh !
You 're those guys that do that gem - swapping game !
I love that thing ; we play it all the time . "
It would be somebody who , a year ago , would absolutely swear up and down that they 'd never play a video game .
We can change the world and reclaim video gaming for the masses .
JK : I was quite famous when I went into our local bowling alley on Seniors '
Night wearing my PopCap bowling shirt .
That was ... not quite like the Beatles , but it was pretty funny how many people at Seniors '
Night would recognize the PopCap logo .
Yeah , that was probably the turning point when we realized that this was a worthwhile endeavor to do , not just a stepping stone so that we could make our RTS or FPS games .
Bejeweled was the first game you guys released , right ?
BF & JK : Yep .
JK : It was originally called Diamond Mine .
Was it just the three of you on the first version of Bejeweled , or did you have employees by that point ?
JK : Yeah .
It was just us initially .
Was Bejeweled an immediate hit , or did it build up to that ?
BF : It was an immediate hit .
It was on the Microsoft Games site -- that was the first site that it went up on , and I think within the first month it was the number one game by traffic , right ?
JK : Yep .
It was doing quite well by traffic , although we kind of just moved onto other games .
BF : But we were n't making much money .
It was n't until we started selling the game in like June of 2001 that we started making any real money , and the moment we put it up we started making like a hundred times more money than we thought were ever going to make off of selling this thing that was essentially just a better version of what you could play on the internet for free .
JK : Actually , Microsoft was too cheap to just buy the games outright , like Bejeweled ; they were paying us just a licensing fee .
It was 1500 dollars a month , I think .
If they 'd actually been willing to spend 25 or 30 grand to buy it outright , we'd have had a very different story .
Bejeweled 2
The version you started selling was a different version than the one that was online , right ?
It was a deluxe edition ?
BF : We had a lot of customers who were still using modems .
So we wanted to put up a version of the game that enabled you to download so they do n't have to be connected to their AOL account all the time while they 're playing with it .
So we had the idea that we could either just package up the Java version and put a little webpage that they could click on their desktop -- but if they 're going to download something , we figured why not just make an actual application and make it full screen and put better graphics in it ?
We do n't have to make it a small , tiny little thing if they 're going to download an installer anyway .
JK : Yeah , the thing was that this was in 2000 or 2001 .
We did n't really notice it ourselves that much at the time , but this was when the entire internet was collapsing -- the dot com bust .
We did n't exactly know that .
I sort of noticed that a lot of my friends were getting laid off , and suddenly Microsoft were getting very worried about paying us even 1500 dollars a month for fees .
That was because the advertising was falling through the floor .
That was the main reason we tried it because we were thinking , " Uh , these advertising fee schemes might not be working too good .
We 'd better try something else . "
I think Howard Tomlinson -- who runs with Astraware , a UK - based company that were doing Palm Pilot games -- suggested that we should do basically a shareware version of Bejeweled , and I clearly remember him saying how much we should charge for it .
We said , " Uh , how much should we sell this for ?
$ 4.99 ? $ 5.99 ? "
He said , " No. Sell it for 20 dollars . "
BF : John was the only one that thought that could potentially be reasonable , but Jason and I just thought it was the most obscene idea to try to charge 20 dollars for this thing that was a bigger screen version of what we had already given away for absolutely free .
JK : Howard said that , back in the shareware days , " The cheaper it is , the more people will think it 's a piece of crap ; if you charge 20 dollars for it , people will assume it had better be good . "
As it turned out , he was correct about that .
BF : We figured we 'd sell maybe a few copies a week or something , maybe something to keep us going , but I put up this little counter that would make a ka-ching !
noise whenever we'd make a sale so we'd have an idea of if somebody actually buys the thing .
So it would update our sales page every few minutes to check for any sales coming in .
The first day we put it up , we 'd get these little ka-ching !
Sitting on the couch , it was like , " This is a little bit more frequent than I thought it would be . "
But by like the third day , the little ka-chings were happening so often that we had to shut the program off because it was just way too annoying .
We quickly went , within the first week , to making something like a thousand dollars a day , which was several orders of magnitude more than we thought it was going to be .
JK : [ Our online partners ] were worried the downloadable model would cannibalize their ad revenue , which might have been true , but was one of those things where -- who cares if your ad revenue goes down if you 're making ten times as much from the other thing ?
It actually took quite awhile to get people to kind of recognize that that was a viable business model .
This became your model -- having a free online version and then a deluxe version , right ?
BF : Well , yeah .
JK : Everything changed after that first week .
It went from being this crazy little idea to being the absolute center of our business model for years -- even up to now almost .
BF : Once that happened , we knew for sure that that was the right way to go .
It just took other people a little longer to recognize that .
How do you start moving on , once the money starts rolling in -- do you start making deluxe versions of your other games ?
JK : Yeah , that was the first thing we started doing ; I think we made deluxe versions of all the other web games we'd had so far at that point : Alchemy and Big Money and Atomica .
And then , increasingly , we started with a web game , and over time we got to the point where we would start with the deluxe or downloadable game and then later do a web version .
That 's kind of what we have now , where you have Plants vs.
Zombies done as a PC downloadable game first , and then , sort of as an afterthought , a Flash version gets done as kind of the marketing vehicle for that .
So taking you a little bit past Bejeweled , then , did you have another immediate hit , or did you have a couple failed experiments after that ?
BF : We had a couple of okay things .
We had things like Atomica , which was n't that good , and Big Money , which was a little bit of a disappointment .
But then we started getting into things -- we did Bookworm after that , and that did pretty well for us ; not to the level of Bejeweled .
Then we got into Zuma , and I think Zuma changed the way we looked at our business because that was one of the first games that was a slightly cross-over game , that had kind of a hardcore appeal to it as well as being attractive for casual [ audiences ] .
JK : One thing that certainly stands out now is that pretty much all of our early games that went on to be big hits -- I can clearly remember every one of them having somebody who had stood up before and said , " There 's no way this thing is gonna sell . "
I remember someone saying that about Bookworm because they said , " You know , word games just do n't sell .
They never sell . "
I remember someone saying that about Zuma because they said , " This thing 's like an action arcade game .
That 's not gonna sell . "
And I remember someone saying that about Bejeweled ; they said , " There 's no skill here !
That 's not even a game .
It 's not gonna sell . "
And yeah , I think Plants vs. Zombies , someone said something to that effect : " This is too weird ; it 's too hardcore . "
BF : " It 's like a strategy game . "
JK : Yeah .
So if someone says it 's not gonna sell , that 's probably a good sign .
BF : But a lot of our initiatives are kind of not obvious .
The Facebook game did n't quite have the momentum behind it [ that ] it would have [ had ] if we knew how big of a hit Bejeweled Blitz was going to be on Facebook .
It was kind of more of an experiment ; it had to be forced .
JK : Yeah .
I guess that the thing about PopCap is that the composition of the company 's management is still controlled by the three founders , so we 've never really become a marketing - or business - driven company .
In general , we 're not ignorant of these things , but the usual way that things get done is that the studio says , " We 're making this game .
Hey , you business and marketing guys -- figure out how to sell it . "
Rather than the opposite way around where the business guys might like it if they could say , " Hey , this kind of genre is very popular ; make a game in this genre because our research says it will do well . "
But by and large , we do n't usually work that way .
When we like a game , it 's usually a pretty good indicator that other people will enjoy it .
Sometimes that stuff 's a better way to look at a game rather than worrying about sort of demographics and focus groups and all that sort of thing .
When you 're developing a game -- when you 're coming up with the concepts , anyway -- who are you thinking of ?
Are you making games for yourselves , or are you thinking of your primary demographic ?
JK : Well , the truth is that ...
We get asked this question once in awhile , and it 's kind of a strange thing .
With few exceptions , I do n't think we do think of a demographic in particular when we 're making the games because one thing that 's become clear is that we really do n't have one demographic .
We have demographics for certain types of games on certain platforms ; so if you looked at the people who are downloading Bejeweled off of our PopCap.com website , now that is a demographic that you can look at and is probably largely female and largely over 35 .
The demographic that is buying games on the iPhone or the demographic that is buying Plants vs. Zombies on Xbox Live or something like that ...
BF : Well , theoretically we design games to not exclude anyone ; to appeal to everyone .
We do n't target anything ; we try to avoid targeting things .
JK : Yeah , I kind of think about it the way that Pixar I think targets their films .
They 're not really making movies for kids or for adults , but obviously their movies are designed to be enjoyed by people on a very broad range .
BF : I think it 's a useful mental exercise to envision what you think some of the corners of market are and how they 'll react to something .
If I 'm pushing in something , I think of maybe the hardcore user -- when he sees this , is this going to be ridiculous ?
Is this going to be talking down to him ?
It 's just not going to be fun or not challenging enough ?
And then again , if my mom sees this , how 's she going to react ?
JK : Once a game is underway , we think about that stuff .
I remember , for Plants vs. Zombies , there was a lot of talk about -- balancing the difficulty curve was tricky because it was very hard to get it so that it was both challenging to people that played a lot of real - time strategy games and tower defense games and still not overwhelming for the casual player who'd never seen anything like that .
I know George [ Fan ] tried a lot of different things with that , and I do n't think we were ever 100 percent sure .
It was kind of a slow wrap - up .
I think ultimately we decided that people who were a bit more hardcore would have a bit more patience for the game rather than risk confusing or intimidating players who were new to that .
BF : Taking things too slow is okay as long as the core gameplay itself is fun enough when it 's easy .
Plants vs. Zombies is just fun even if you have a super - simple level .
Having these peashooters shooting at zombies and watching them fall over is fun .
JK : Yeah .
We try to think about the demographics once we have the game going and try to remove obstacles and problems that people would face , but I do n't think we ever sit back and say , " Let 's make a game for 45 - year - old women " or " 18 - year - old guys . "
Peggle
Does that approach of trying to make the games universal come natural to you guys , or is that a challenge ?
BF : It 's frickin' hard !
( Laughs )
That 's why you can look at one of our games and say , " Eh ; this game is pretty simple .
Why would this take a year to make or two years to make ? "
It 's because it 's really , really hard to design games that way .
It 's so easy to come up with a prototype for something -- like the prototype for Peggle did n't take that much time at all , but getting exactly polished right so the game communicates properly and it flows properly and it's the experience we want it to be ; that 's something that 's much harder .
I think all of those elements are important to being accessible to people ; having the game flow and feel exactly right is important to the way that you 're able to understand the game rules .
JK : Well , simplicity is hard .
Go and ask Pajitnov how much luck he 's had trying to reproduce Tetris for 25 years .
It 's quite difficult to create simple games that are still fun .
It 's certainly not easy to do that .
When did PopCap start expanding into other platforms ?
BF : We were early in the Xbox Live experience on the original Xbox , which did almost nothing but primed us to go big with Xbox Live on the Xbox 360 , which was a much bigger deal .
That 's where things have really taken off .
JK : Yeah .
I think , philosophically , we were always very interested in doing other platforms .
I remember we did discuss some strategy ; there were other companies who were doing a different approach to casual games , and we decided early on that we did n't want to take the shotgun approach of having a thousand games a year , or whatever , and just try to put out as much as you can .
We felt we were going to try and have a smaller number but high quality titles .
But what that would mean was we would make sure we took all those titles to as many platforms as possible so that a game like Bejeweled or Zuma or Peggle or whatever would end up being available on every platform that it made sense to put it on .
So part of our strategy was to do it that way rather than just to publish this huge volume of stuff .
Big Fish Games is an example of that other strategy , and it 's worked well enough for them ; so I can't say that that 's a bad strategy .
We just did n't feel it was the right way for us to go .
It seems to me that all of your titles are made to be universal across platforms .
It does n't seem to me that you 've ever , for example , experimented in something that only really works with traditional game controllers .
Is that an intentional approach ?
Is it possible for you guys to experiment in that way ?
JK : I think it 's semi-intentional .
At this point , the vast majority of our games is done on -- we started off on PC as a reference platform , and so far , luckily , that 's been a pretty good base to move to other platforms .
We do think about the cross - platform stuff , but at the same time , if we want to do a game that we think is going to be really cool , we do n't necessarily shut it down if it wo n't work on certain platforms .
Plants vs. Zombies works well enough on iPhone , but when we were developing it that was n't necessarily clear .
BF : There was no iPhone when we first started developing it !
JK : Right .
The mobile phones we were aware of at the time were not very likely to be good Plants vs. Zombies platforms .
If we 'd said , " Well , let 's cancel it then , " that would have been a kind of probably bad idea .
That said , we are interested in trying a few more things because I do believe that some games do have to be designed for a platform that they work well with , and we certainly seen with Bejeweled on Facebook , for example -- even though that 's Bejeweled , a lot of the key elements of it had to be very specific to the Facebook platform .
We 'll probably try to do some more experiments in the future where we tailor a game more specifically to a different platform rather than PC , and then we might try the opposite direction where we put a game on iPhone or something like that and see if it ports back to the PC , for example .
Or do an original game for Xbox Live and then see if it goes back to a game that can go on Steam .
But you have n't done that yet .
You 're just saying there 's a possibility that you might move in that direction ?
JK : We have n't announced anything moving in that direction yet .
BF : We 've acquired some developers who primarily work on Xbox 360 games , for example , and they 're also great game designers ; that would be their primary platform of choice if they were going to work on some original IP .
We have some really strong Flash programmers , and if they wanted to develop an original IP that would be their chosen platform .
It 's all about getting people with original ideas who are kind of ideal leaders to work on the platform that they 're most comfortable on rather than forcing them to follow whatever tradition we 've set .
It looks like 2007 is when you started acquiring more companies .
SpinTop was the second ?
BF : Yeah , SpinTop .
Definitely .
JK : SpinTop was definitely an actual business acquisition ; it was n't a creative acquisition at all .
BF : That was our first time actually doing something like that .
JK : Well , it was creative to the extent that they were doing something that intersected with our appeal that we were n't doing ourselves .
They were making hidden object games -- that 's exactly the opposite of [ Sprout ] , the other creative acquisition .
It 's not because they had good synergy with the way that we thought about things and believed in things .
It 's because they did exactly the stuff that we did n't want to do and knew we'd never do ourselves , but was popular , like hidden object games .
BF : Yeah .
So they filled in a section of our portfolio .
We knew a lot of people in our audience did like hidden object games , and it was not something that we had a lot of internal kind of expertise with .
We thought that they were really smart about doing it , and they had a portal site that was good about selling ; there were a lot of other people 's hidden object games .
So yeah , it was a little different because we did n't integrate them the same way that we did the Sprout guys .
Why did n't you guys want to do a hidden object game ?
BF : There 's a whole lot of games that are popular genres that we just do n't really have the spark to do .
That 's one thing that we kind of figured out early on -- that we 're only going to really be successful making games that we really believe in , that we really have great ideas for ; that we have a lot of passion for .
We thought for a long time that we had to so a solitaire game of some sort , and we tried it a few times ; but it was just really hard to get people to put the type of work in and the type of passion in that is required to make a really highly polished PopCap game .
They always end up kind of sizzling out and falling flat and not really living up to what we thought the PopCap brand was , and they end up getting canceled .
We felt that hidden object games and a number of other popular genres fit into that category .
JK : The problem with them is that in some ways they are a tricky genre to work in , because they do n't actually reward innovation that much .
They 're formulaic .
That does n't necessarily make them bad as far as people enjoy them ; I kind of compare them to books of crossword puzzles .
If you buy a book of crossword puzzles , you 're not really looking for it to kind of change all the rules of how crossword puzzles work .
You just want some crossword puzzles .
To a large extent , that 's how hidden object games work , and so you 're not looking for innovation there .
You 're looking for people who can kind of produce a high quality product reliably and efficiently , and on time , and so forth .
That 's a very different kind of skill set than the stuff that we 've been trying to build up internally at PopCap , as far as coming up with new and exciting and original games .
And I certainly do n't denigrate it ; because SpinTop I think are the best around at making those kinds of games .
They really understand what their audience wants .
They get it , and they 're passionate about it .
It 's not something that we internally had anybody who 's really good at .
BF : It goes directly against the way we think about making games .
Games need to come from inspiration for some great concept to have , not from a business concept of " This is what 's making money ; so this is what we 're going to make . "
We never want to go that direction of having business or financial terms dictate what game we 're going to make next because I think that would kind of be selling out our creative core .
JK : Unless you 're SpinTop , in which case you can do that .
Apparently , that 's worked out for you .
Have there ever been any scary moments where you 've come close to not being able to operate that way anymore ?
JK : I think Bejeweled has essentially given us a ticket to do whatever the heck we want to for the rest of our lives in company terms .
BF : Not entirely ; there 's been a few ...
We have n't been close to going broke or anything like that , but we do always have to be aware of the financial things .
Bejeweled makes a lot of money , but at the same time , if we never had any other hits besides Bejeweled , we might have ended up turning into the Bejeweled company that just did a bunch of Bejeweled spin - offs .
JK : I do n't think we 've ever been in the same situation that a lot of casual companies have been in where they feel forced to pump out some crap they think will sell so they can afford to actually make their grand opus , the thing that they actually want to make .
I do n't think that we 've ever felt the pressure to try to do something just for money so we can do what we actually believe in later on .
BF : In - game advertising was supposed to be the Holy Grail and was going to save casual games , and that sort of thing .
As far as I know , it 's still around , but it has n't really taken off .
Social gaming , of course , is the current hot thing , and I do n't think that 's going away ; but it remains to be seen exactly what that looks like in another year from now .
It might not be the next giant wave .
So there 's always microtransactions and all these things ; there 's always new things coming up that we 're trying to be aware of .
Sometimes we get involved with it at any given time , and sometimes we do n't .
I think we 're happy if we can continue to operate successfully .
I do n't think we 're dying to bet everything on the next role of the dice to strike it rich or blow up , so .
We 're definitely more in the long - run than worrying about whether we can gamble and be at the forefront of whatever this year 's hot new gaming trend is .
Why do you both think that PopCap has managed not to fall into this trap where you need to be making games you do n't necessarily believe in to appease the market ?
BF : I think because we 're stubborn -- that would be the primary reason .
I think that we just can't stomach the thought of doing things that we do n't believe ; that 's just so core to our culture .
I think we 'd suffer greatly before we kind of decided to do something that we did n't think was the right thing creatively .
JK : I think we 're not very good businessmen ...
BF : Yeah , we 're a development company ; we 're not a money company .
I think that we 've just been really lucky that the strategy we have of kind of remaining true to our game roots has really given us good cred in the hardcore market and made our games feel honest .
That works for us financially .
If it came down to it , I think we would rather sacrifice money than sacrifice that ideal .
JK : Well , I guess that we 'll just have to see .
If we told Brian that , next month , he gets no money because we ran out , then we might start changing some of our tune .
But I think we 've been able to keep a good balance of being aware of financial constraints -- we do n't just completely ignore that -- and do whatever we feel like doing regardless of whether anyone will like it .
I think we can balance that so that we 're not just a bunch of crazy hippies making art games .
BF : One of the things that makes the games satisfying for us is them being popular and having a very large crowd , and trying to spread casual gaming to everyone , kind of the same way that everyone likes movies .
We 're not going to do some game based on trying to tell a love story through casual games because we think that artistic message is important ; we 're never going to do anything like that .
Do either of you still have these sort of possibly secret aspirations to make games that maybe would n't work at PopCap ?
BF & JK : Well , yeah .
BF : We have to battle ourselves down a lot .
I think that the core genre of games that we find very satisfying , that we'd love to work on , would be the dungeon adventure or action genres .
Or there 's a lot of puzzle games that -- as a programmer and a very logical person -- that I find very fun to work on .
But we know that they 're just not as accessible to most people .
JK : I like all sorts of hardcore roguelike games and really complex strategy and war games .
Yeah , I 'd be tempted to make something like that .
BF : Yeah , I had a personal project for awhile where I was trying to make a turn - based strategy game into a casual game .
It was really , really hard and did n't end up working out .
But I think that 's kind of something we see as our mission : taking genres and types of games that we really enjoy that we do n't have a clear way of making accessible and finding a way to boil those down to their core essences and make that an accessible thing for people .
Even at that point , I think half of the company is going to look at it and say , " That is n't going to be successful ; that does n't follow our other game design mantras that we 've come up with over the last ten years of our development .
But we 'll do our best , and we 'll put 'em out there ; maybe they 'll be successful and change the way we look at games again . "
Plants vs. Zombies
That 's even more interesting !
( Laughs )
It did leave me questioning , though , if you guys have experimented with other traditionally liked gameplay mechanics that might work for everybody .
Have you ever tried , you know , like a story - based RPG ?
Have you ever found that any genres just do not work for everybody ?
BF : Well , we famously have an RPG that we were working on called PopQuest .
We started working on that one back in 2003 or somewhere around there , but yeah , it ended up being a little more complex than it should have been , although lots of people in the company would love to revisit that one and find a way to make that work out .
JK : Intermittently , we try and resurrect a game like that , or take a shot at doing an RPG or something of that nature , so .
We have a few weird and odd internal experiments that ...
Sometimes games start off as little personal projects .
There are some guys who are effectively doing a remake of Star Control 2 as a side project , just because they like playing the battle mode with these two players in a spaceship battling with each other .
That 's still kicking around somewhere in the depths of the company .
Is it ever going to go anywhere ?
I 'm not sure about that .
I like Star Control 2 , but they 're fooling around ; it certainly was n't ready to become accessible to a broader audience or anything like that .
Could it at some point ?
Yeah , it 's possible .
I would think that was pretty cool if we could manage it .
BF : We have all sorts of action things .
There 's a game called Eggs -- actually , maybe I should n't say their names since it 's not copyrighted -- but there 's a kung - fu game with eggs in it .
You kind of go around punching other eggs , and it 's supposed to have some action - RPG story elements to it .
That was being prototyped for awhile .
It does n't sound like you 've completely given up on any genre .
You have n't been banging your heads into the wall , screaming , " It 's impossible ! "
JK : Well , the fact that it has n't worked out yet does n't mean it wo n't work out in the future .
I mean , Plants vs. Zombies took a long time to develop , so it might take awhile to figure out how to get around and to get at the content for an RPG or an RTS that works for us .
But yeah , I do n't think we think that any of those are impossible .
How often are you guys prototyping ?
What 's the ratio of prototyped - to - released games for PopCap ?
JK : It 's pretty hard to say , actually .
People have used all sorts of different numbers to try and get an idea about it , but it 's kind of an odd thing because it's hard to say where a prototype really begins and ends .
By some definition , Peggle had dozens and dozens of prototypes that were involved before it took shape .
BF : Prototypes come in all different forms , too .
Recently , we had a 24 - hour game design challenge for anyone at the company that wanted to participate , and we had at least ten games come out of there .
A few of them could be concepts that could be turned into a real game .
JK : I would say that , if you looked to the total catalog of released games versus the total number of games that are kind of lying around in some form , whether it's from a rough design spec to a cheesy prototype to something that 's almost professional - looking , I 'd guess that there 's at least three times as many prototypes .
BF : Yeah .
I was thinking 4 - to - 1 , or somewhere around there .
JK : I think in that ballpark .
How many released games do we have ?
Forty ?
Fifty ?
Yeah , so it 's somewhere in the ballpark of probably a couple hundred of these prototypes that would be discovered in the dungeon if to dig through it .
It almost sounds unstructured , like people are just making games on their free time .
Is that kind of how it is ?
BF : Yeah -- I think it 's hard to structure a great concept .
If somebody has inspiration for something , then we encourage them to follow that idea even if they 're already working on some other thing .
Eventually we have ten percent time , where employees are encouraged to spend 10 percent of their time working on something totally unrelated to their actual full - time project .
Some stuff comes out of there ; some stuff comes out of copy room discussions or discussions over lunch : " Hey , have you played this new game ? "
" That 's awesome ; let 's do something like this . "
And the seed of an idea that comes up .
It 's really more about inspiration striking and giving the employees the tools and the freedom to be able to follow the path when it happens .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
E3 '07 : Jagged Alliance 3 Impressions - First Look
We finally get an up - close look at Jagged Alliance 3 , the sequel to the cult - classic strategy game .
Measure ensures
Texas standards do n’t ‘ creep into our textbooks , ’ senator tells Raw Story
The California Senate on Friday approved legislation that sends a clear message to Texas and textbook publishers : do n’t mess with our kids ’ minds .
“ My bill begins the process of ensuring that California students will not end up being taught with Texas standards , ” State Senator Leland Yee ( D - San Francisco ) , who authored and sponsored the legislation , said in an interview .
Texas standards had better not “ creep into our textbooks , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The S.B. 1451 measure Ã¢â‚¬â€œ approved on a bipartisan vote of 25 - 5 Ã¢â‚¬â€œ requires California ’s Board of Education to examine and report any discrepancies between the new Texas standards and California ’s standards .
“ At that point , ” Yee told Raw Story , “ we will make it very , very clear that we wo n’t accept textbooks that minimize the contributions of minorities and propagate the close connection between church and state . ”
California , also a critical market for textbook companies , can counteract Texas ’s influence on how books are written for schools across the country .
“ It ’s a warning to the textbooks writers and companies , ” said Yee , who served on the San Francisco Board of Education earlier in his career and is currently the second highest ranking Democrat in California ’s upper house .
The Texas modifications Ã¢â‚¬â€œ approved last Friday Ã¢â‚¬â€œ include elevating the significance of Christianity in the nationÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s founding , minimizing the importance of Thomas Jefferson and his framework for separation of church and state , emphasizing “ the conservative resurgence of the 1980s and 1990s , ” diminishing the scope of Latino history , and redefining slavery in more pleasant terms .
Yee called the changes “ pretty disturbing , ” accusing the Texas board of seeking to “ wipe away history ” and “ rewrite history . ”
School curriculum , especially social studies and history , he said , should be “ devoid of politics . ”
America “ came into existence because the founding fathers wanted to flee the tyranny of the church over a government , ” added Yee , who immigrated from China at age three .
“ That part of the pride and joy of living here Ã¢â‚¬â€œ that you ’re not dictated by religion . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Book publishers argue that such worries are unfounded in the digital age , where textbooks can easily be re-customized based on the different curriculum standards of different states .
“ Whenever someone tells me not to worry , that ’s when I worry , ” Yee retorted , explaining that textbook publishers are in business not to “ help out students ” but to “ make money , ” so if given the choice they ’d prefer not to spend the extra money re-customizing books .
The legislation now faces a vote in the California Assembly before it ’s considered by Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who has not announced whether he will sign it .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sahil Kapur is Washington correspondent for Raw Story .
He Tweets here .
In a case of suspected " human sacrifice " , the blood - splattered beheaded torso of a 25 - year - old man was found outside a temple of Goddess Kali this morning at a village about 15 km away from Bolpur town in Birbhum district .
Police sources said in rural Bengal , such acts of superstition and primitive religious rituals are not uncommon , especially on sankranti , which fell last night .
A senior police officer said the torso was of a male body and was found near the altar placed in front of the temple in a village called Paruldanga .
It was first spotted by the temple 's priest around 5 am when he went there for prayers .
" The slain torso had new clothes on the body .
His hands were not tied .
There was no indication of any resistance on the victim 's part .
It seems he was drugged and was completely unconscious when he was slaughtered , " said the officer , who visited the spot and saw the torso .
" Several articles of worship like burnt incense sticks were found near the body .
There was blood stain on the altar .
Tantrik ( occult ) rituals are generally performed on amavasya and sankranti , " added the officer .
A police team sent to the area with sniffer dogs around 9 am was led to the house of a villager named Lalmohan Hansda .
Birbhum SP Rabindranath Mukherjee said , " It seems to be a case of a human sacrifice .
But it can also be a as we have found injury marks on the face .
We have picked up a person from the village . "
Chandan Mukherjee , the priest of the Kajjala Kali temple , reportedly told the police he had performed puja at the temple till 9 pm last night .
When he returned this morning , he saw a body lying just outside the temple .
ALSO READ Buddha corners Didi over crime against women , development
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
No one can say Sixth Sense is not innovative .
The creation of Pranav Mistry , a PH.D candidate at MIT 's Media Lab , it 's described as a " wearable gesteral interface " whose hardware comprises a pocket projector , a mirror and a camera .
( The illustration is from Mistry 's Web site . )
Mistry 's idea is that these components will be worn like pendant , with the computer they 're wirelessly connected to kept in a pocket .
Using Sixth Sense , data is displayed in the air and manipulated using hand gestures .
When Mistry is demonstrating it , he looks like a magician .
It 's cool .
And it 's going to launch as open source .
" I do n't want this to comply with some corporate policy , " he told Rediff while in India demonstrating the interface at the TEDIndia Conference .
" I want people to make their own system .
Why not ? "
Mistry 's decision has meaning beyond Sixth Sense .
The desire of inventors is always to get their work into the market as quickly as possible .
Usually this means waiting for it to be turned into a useful , profitable invention .
Mistry is bypassing this by going straight to open source .
There is no report on which license he will use , but whichever one he does choose he has put paid to the canard that open source and innovation are incompatible , for all time .
One of the ways that Intel has kept netbooks from cannibalizing notebook sales is by imposing a limitation on netbook screen sizes — netbooks that use the Atom N series have been restricted to screen sizes no bigger than 10.2 inches .
But rumor has it that Intel will lift this restriction in the second half of the year , and allow larger screens on netbooks that use the dual - core N550 .
This move is n't too surprising , given that netbook sales have started to level off as a percentage of mobile sales .
Intel is probably looking for a way to keep netbooks interesting , and offering more form factors is one of them .
It 's also the case that Intel has been pitching the Pine Trail + Broadcom CrystalHD combo as a way to do 1080 p video on a netbook — and 1080 p certainly makes more sense for larger screens than it does on a sub - 10 " panel .
A final argument for the restriction 's elimination is that it 's quite likely that the coming wave of ARM - based " smartbooks " will include units with screen sizes above 10.2 inches .
Intel wo n't want the Atom platform to be arbitrarily restricted in competing with ARM - based offerings , so now is as good a time as any to do away with the ban .
That way , OEMs get the all - clear to work on larger Atom - based netbooks that will hit the shelves in the second half of the year , as ARM A8 - and A9 - based smartbooks start to trickle out onto the market from Lenovo and other vendors .
The increase in screen size raises one question : at what point is a netbook no longer a netbook ?
I do n't have an answer to this , so I 'd like to ask the readers to weigh in on the question .
Is it a specific price point ?
A particular form factor or range of form factors ?
A combination of price , form factor , and flash memory for a main storage pool ?
Will Julian de Guzman be on the field when Toronto FC visits the Vancouver Whitecaps Wednesday ?
Only TFC coach Preki knows for sure , and he 's not tipping his hand .
De Guzman pulled out of the warmup Saturday ahead of Toronto's 0 - 0 draw against the Los Angeles Galaxy with a hamstring injury .
The Canadian midfielder trained Tuesday afternoon but Preki would n't say for sure if de Guzman would be able to play for Toronto in Wednesday 's crucial Canadian club championship match .
" It is possible that Julian may be able to play , " Preki told reporters .
Injured striker O'Brian White ( ankle sprain ) is also questionable for Toronto .
Considering the position Toronto finds itself in , Preki might not rush de Guzman and White back into action .
The Reds are firmly in control of this year 's Canadian club championship ( a three - team , round - robin tournament ) having won both of their games and sitting in first place with six points .
The Montreal Impact , with one point from three games , have already been eliminated .
' Take some risks '
The Whitecaps have one point from one match — a 1 - 1 draw with Montreal — and have a game in hand on Toronto , who can wrap things up and repeat as Canadian champions with a victory in Vancouver .
Even if Wednesday 's match ends in a draw , Toronto could still clinch the title next week when it hosts the Whitecaps .
A win by Vancouver would make things more difficult for Toronto , a fact not lost on Whitecaps coach Teitur Thordarson .
" In the end , I think it will have to be up to us to take some risks , " Thordarson told the Vancouver Sun .
" We will approach the game in our usual manner but if that does n't pay off , then we will have to take risks later in the game . "
A lot is riding on this competition .
The winner of the tournament will be Canada 's representative at the 2010 - 11 CONCACAF Champions League , an international club competition that crowns the best pro team in North and Central America and the Caribbean .
The CONCACAF Champions League winner then goes on to play at the FIFA World Club Championship in Japan in December 2011 against continental champions from Europe , South America , Asia and Africa .
Spanish giants FC Barcelona won the 2009 FIFA World Club Championship .
Booted Out of Bootup Labs
It is with great disappointment that I announce that Statusly has been removed from the Vancouver ’s Bootup Labs Startup Accelerator .
Bootup Labs seemed to be an excellent opportunity .
Come last fall Steven and I were looking around at all these different seed accelerator / startup - incubator type companies to try to submit our idea to .
I submitted it and recorded a personal video for several .
Off the top of my head , I remember applying to Y - Combinator in San Fransisco , Alphalab in Pittsburgh , Gangplank in Phoenix , Techstars in Boulder and Vancouver ’s Bootup Labs .
We had gotten into several different portions of each application process but we knew that we had a real shot at two of these programs , one of them being Bootup .
There were a couple of things that made Bootup stand out from the other programs :
The other programs offer anywhere from $ 5,000 - $ 15,000 per founder and 3 - 6 months to get you going for anywhere from 2 - 10 % of your company .
Bootup offered up to $ 100,000 for an 8 month program for the same 5 - 10 % of each company invested in .
Several very lucrative Canadian business incentives , such as the SR&ED tax incentive .
Arguably the most beautiful city in the world and the excitement of living in a different country .
Near the end of Thanksgiving week we were asked to interview .
I wanted to make a good impression - as I felt this was really going to work .
In 48 hours I spent a day driving down to Tucson to the Southwest Regional Passport center , applied for and received a passport , flew to Portland , Oregon , slept on the floor of the airport in Oregon , and then interviewed in a rainy Vancouver , BC the next day .
The interview went very well .
I got to meet some of the mentors and most of the previous cohort that Bootup had taken in just recently ( that are now graduating . )
I felt a real connection to Boris Mann , especially , as I ’m a big community person myself .
It was n’t just the people though , I felt truly connected to the city itself .
Vancouver is wonderful .
Last December was a long one , waiting to hear what our future was going to be .
Having other accelerators ask us what we were doing , if we were interested , the waiting was crazy .
We recieved that email that every young entrapaneur waits for and were told we were accepted .
I remember getting the call from Steven .
“ Jamie ..
Jamie .. can you check your email ?
Is that what I think it is ?
I ’m on my iPhone ..
I ca n’t read the attachment ”
“ Steven , we got in ! ”
“ Oh my god ”
“ I do n’t even know what to say , I ’ll talk to you later . . ”
Everything that we had worked for , seemed like it was paying off .
I had been living my life inspired by one of Gary Vaynerchuk ’s videos where he said that if you have an idea , you work on it as much as you need to .
You work your 9 - to - 5 job , you come home , pet the dog , then you work on it until you fall asleep .
Then you wake up and you do the same thing the next day .
That ’s what Steven and I had been doing .
We finally had that validated , and were more - than - eager to get started and get to work .
Not much paperwork was done at that moment , we were told by them in regards to immigration : “ Get up here , and we ’ll sort things out . ”
We entered into a basic non-binding agreement and then both of us spent what little money we already had n’t put into the company itself , into moving to Canada .
I had moved from Phoenix , and Steven had moved from Kansas City .
We had two suitcases with our entire life in them , and maybe $ 500 between us .
The first meeting we have we ’re informed there had been a slight snafu with the funding , but that all would be taken care of .
We proceed to work on Statusly , on everything , on our pitch , our code , our t- shirts , our everything … we met Robert Scoble , Guy Kawasaki , Dave Shea , Matt Galligan , Eric Woodward , and others I ’m sure I ’m forgetting .
We get an apartment and sleep on the floor for months while we patiently waited for money that was n’t coming .
It ’s Thursday , March 25th .
The end of the month is next Wednesday .
Danny Robinson calls us into his office and tells us what we were so scared was going to happen , he tells us that they were n’t able to secure as much money as they originally anticipated .
Basically that they ’re really embarrassed , that they ’re going to have to let us go .
We then immedietly go into survival mode .
Are we going to be able to pay next month ’s rent ?
Is Bootup going to cover any of our costs ?
We ’re told that the good news of the situation is the 3 months of rent they had provided us with would not be asked for , but other than that that there was nothing they could do .
We had 3 - 4 business days to get a job , or some sort of plan to try to stay in Canada .
Sink or swim .
Steven and I had a couple interviews , but nothing panned out .
Not much you can do with that time frame , especially when you ’re trying to figure out how the hell you ’re going to fly home with your entire life packed with you , and a bank account that ’s been negative since January .
That ’s where the situation stands now .
I ’m living in Phoenix now , and Steven is in the Pacific Northwest .
There are several good things that we learned while we were there .
What we thought was going to be the rest of our lives in Vancouver ended up being a crash course 3 - month “ Startup Experience . ”
I know that Steven and I are both better for the experience , but I ’d say that it ’s screwed me up pretty bad financially for the next year or so .
I have thousands of dollars worth of receipts I ’m just going to have to count as a loss now .
We ’re not the only ones .
4 out of the 7 companies in the most current “ cohort ” were kicked out .
Big things happened for all seven original companies to make the move to Vancouver :
We had a girl drive from Washington , DC in a trailer , we had 3 guys fly from Romania , we had a guy quit a high - paying job in Australia .
Vehicles were sold , girlfriends / boyfriends were broken up with , for this oppertunity to have to happen .
You ’d do the same for your startup .
Steven and I have “ broken up ” for now as we try to pick things up where we left off , but there ’s a big lesson to be learned here .
If you ’re a Startup , and you ’ve been accepted into one of these incubators , be sure to get some sort of paperwork done where money is provided , or proof of income is shown , or something .
No matter how nice the people seem , and how badly your heart wants your business to succeed , do n’t get yourself into a similar grey - area / possibly unethical situation .
To recoup some of my losses I ’m looking into selling the Statusly domains ( status.ly/statusly.com ) and any of the marketing material .
If you ’re interested in buying them , I ’ve listed them on Flippa .
If you ’re looking for a front - end / marketing genius who is more passionate about the startup 2.0 scene than anybody you ’ll know , please get in touch .
Because to be honest with all of you , I have no idea what my next step is .
Edit : I just wanted to add that I have no hard feelings for Bootup Labs , for Danny , Boris , or anybody we met , I do n’t think it ’s anything intentional they did .
But there are lessons to be learned from what happened from our situation .
Recent comments
View the discussion thread
Jared Diamond , Collapse : How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed ( 2005 ) .
CHAPTER 10 Malthus in Africa : Rwanda 's Genocide A dilemma ■ Events in Rwanda ■
More than ethnic hatred ■ Buildup in Kanama ■ Explosion in Kanama ■
Why it happened
When my twin sons were 10 years old and again when they were 15 , my wife and I took them on family vacations to East Africa .
Like many other tourists , the four of us were overwhelmed by our firsthand experience of Africa 's famous large animals , landscapes , and people .
No matter how often we had already seen wildebeest moving across the TV screen of National Geographic specials viewed in the comfort of our living rooms , we were unprepared for the sight , sound , and smell of millions of them on the Serengeti Plains , as we sat in a Land Rover surrounded by a herd stretching from our vehicle to the horizon in all directions .
Nor had television prepared us for the immense size of Ngorongoro Crater 's flat and treeless floor , and for the steepness and height of its inner walls down which one drives from a tourist hotel perched on the rim to reach that floor .
East Africa 's people also overwhelmed us , with their friendliness , warmth to our children , colorful clothes -- and their sheer numbers .
To read in the abstract about " the population explosion " is one thing ; it is quite another thing to encounter , day after day , lines of African children along the roadside , many of them about the same size and age as my sons , calling out to passing tourist vehicles for a pencil that they could use in school .
The impact of those numbers of people on the landscape is visible even along stretches of road where the people are off doing something else .
In pastures the grass is sparse and grazed closely by herds of cattle , sheep , and goats .
One sees fresh erosion gullies , in whose bottoms run streams brown with mud washed down from the denuded pastures .
All of those children add up to rates of human population growth in East Africa that are among the highest in the world : recently , 4.1 % per year in Kenya , resulting in the population doubling every 17 years .
That population explosion has arisen despite Africa 's being the continent inhabited by [ 312 ] humans much longer than any other , so that one might naively have expected Africa 's population to have leveled off long ago .
In fact , it has been exploding recently for many reasons : the adoption of crops native to the New World ( especially corn , beans , sweet potatoes , and manioc , alias cassava ) , broadening the agricultural base and increasing food production beyond that previously possible with native African crops alone ; improved hygiene , preventive medicine , vaccinations of mothers and children , antibiotics , and some control of malaria and other endemic African diseases ; and national unification and the fixing of national boundaries , thereby opening to settlement some areas that were formerly no - man 's lands fought over by adjacent smaller polities .
Population problems such as those of East Africa are often referred to as " Malthusian , " because in 1798 the English economist and demographer Thomas Malthus published a famous book in which he argued that human population growth would tend to outrun the growth of food production .
That 's because ( Malthus reasoned ) population growth proceeds exponentially , while food production increases only arithmetically .
For instance , if a population 's doubling time is 35 years , then a population of 100 people in the year 2000 , if it continues to grow with that same doubling time , will have doubled in the year 2035 to 200 people , who will in turn double to 400 people in 2070 , who will double to 800 people in the year 2105 , and so on .
But improvements in food production add rather than multiply : this breakthrough increases wheat yields by 25 % , that breakthrough increases yields by an additional 20 % , etc .
That is , there is a basic difference between how population grows and how food production grows .
When population grows , the extra people added to the population also themselves reproduce -- as in compound interest , where the interest itself draws interest .
That allows exponential growth .
In contrast , an increase in food yield does not then further increase yields , but instead leads only to arithmetic growth in food production .
Hence a population will tend to expand to consume all available food and never leave a surplus , unless population growth itself is halted by famine , war , or disease , or else by people making preventive choices ( e.g. , contraception or postponing marriage ) .
The notion , still widespread today , that we can promote human happiness merely by increasing food production , without a simultaneous reining - in of population growth , is doomed to end in frustration -- or so said Malthus .
The validity of his pessimistic argument has been much debated .
Indeed , there are modern countries that have drastically reduced their population growth by means of voluntary ( e.g. , Italy and Japan ) or [ 313 ] government - ordered ( China ) birth control .
But modern Rwanda illustrates a case where Malthus 's worst - case scenario does seem to have been right .
More generally , both Malthus 's supporters and his detractors could agree that population and environmental problems created by non-sustainable resource use will ultimately get solved in one way or another : if not by pleasant means of our own choice , then by unpleasant and unchosen means , such as the ones that Malthus initially envisioned .
A few months ago , while I was teaching a course to UCLA undergraduates on environmental problems of societies , I came to discuss the difficulties that regularly confront societies trying to reach agreements about environmental disputes .
One of my students responded by noting that disputes could be , and frequently were , solved in the course of conflict .
By that , the student did n't mean that he favored murder as a means of settling disputes .
Instead , he was merely observing that environmental problems often do create conflicts among people , that conflicts in the U.S. often become resolved in court , that the courts provide a perfectly acceptable means of dispute resolution , and hence that students preparing themselves for a career of resolving environmental problems need to become familiar with the judicial system .
The case of Rwanda is again instructive : my student was fundamentally correct about the frequency of resolution by conflict , but the conflict may assume nastier forms than courtroom processes .
In recent decades , Rwanda and neighboring Burundi have become synonymous in our minds with two things : high population , and genocide ( Plate 21 ) .
They are the two most densely populated countries in Africa , and among the most densely populated in the world : Rwanda 's average population density is triple even that of Africa 's third most densely populated country ( Nigeria ) , and 10 times that of neighboring Tanzania .
Genocide in Rwanda produced the third largest body count among the world 's genocides since 1950 , topped only by the killings of the 1970s in Cambodia and of 1971 in Bangladesh ( at the time East Pakistan ) .
Because Rwanda 's total population is 10 times smaller than that of Bangladesh , the scale of Rwanda 's genocide , measured in proportion to the total population killed , far exceeds that of Bangladesh and stands second only to Cambodia's .
Burundi's genocide was on a smaller scale than Rwanda 's , yielding " only " a few hundred thousand victims .
That still suffices to place Burundi seventh in the world since 1950 in its number of victims of genocide , and tied for fourth place in proportion of the population killed . [ 314 ]
We have come to associate genocide in Rwanda and Burundi with ethnic violence .
Before we can understand what else besides ethnic violence was also involved , we need to begin with some background on the genocide 's course , the history leading up to it , and their usual interpretation that I shall now sketch , which runs as follows .
( I shall mention later some respects in which this usual interpretation is wrong , incomplete , or oversimplified . )
The populations of both countries consist of only two major groups , called the Hutu ( originally about 85 % of the population ) and the Tutsi ( about 15 % ) .
To a considerable degree , the two groups traditionally had filled different economic roles , the Hutu being principally farmers , the Tutsi pastoralists .
It is often stated that the two groups look different , Hutu being on the average shorter , stockier , darker , flat - nosed , thick - lipped , and square - jawed , while Tutsi are taller , more slender , paler - skinned , thin - lipped , and narrow - chinned .
The Hutu are usually assumed to have settled Rwanda and Burundi first , from the south and west , while the Tutsi are a Nilotic people who are assumed to have arrived later from the north and east and who established themselves as overlords over the Hutu .
When German ( 1897 ) and then Belgian ( 1916 ) colonial governments took over , they found it expedient to govern through Tutsi intermediaries , whom they considered racially superior to Hutu because of the Tutsi 's paler skins and supposedly more European or " Hamitic " appearance .
In the 1930s the Belgians required everybody to start carrying an identity card classifying themselves as Hutu or Tutsi , thereby markedly increasing the ethnic distinction that had already existed .
Independence came to both countries in 1962 .
As independence approached , Hutu in both countries began struggling to overthrow Tutsi domination and to replace it with Hutu domination .
Small incidents of violence escalated into spirals of killings of Tutsi by Hutu and of Hutu by Tutsi .
The outcome in Burundi was that the Tutsi succeeded in retaining their domination , after Hutu rebellions in 1965 and 1970 - 72 followed by Tutsi killings of a few hundred thousand Hutu .
( There is inevitably much uncertainty about this estimated number and many of the following numbers of deaths and exiles . )
In Rwanda , however , the Hutu gained the upper hand and killed 20,000 ( or perhaps only 10,000 ? ) Tutsi in 1963 .
Over the course of the next two decades up to a million Rwandans , especially Tutsi , fled into exile in neighboring countries , from which they periodically attempted to invade Rwanda , resulting in further retaliatory killings of Tutsi by Hutu , until in 1973 the Hutu general Habyarimana staged a coup against [ 315 ] the previous Hutu - dominated government and decided to leave the Tutsi in peace .
Under Habyarimana , Rwanda prospered for 15 years and became a favorite recipient of foreign aid from overseas donors , who could point to a peaceful country with improving health , education , and economic indicators .
Unfortunately , Rwanda 's economic improvement became halted by drought and accumulating environmental problems ( especially deforestation , soil erosion , and soil fertility losses ) , capped in 1989 by a steep decline in world prices for Rwanda 's principal exports of coffee and tea , austerity measures imposed by the World Bank , and a drought in the south .
Habyarimana took yet another attempted Tutsi invasion of northeastern Rwanda from neighboring Uganda in October 1990 as the pretext for rounding up or killing Hutu dissidents and Tutsi all over Rwanda , in order to strengthen his own faction 's hold on the country .
The civil wars displaced a million Rwandans into settlement camps , from which desperate young men were easily recruited into militias .
In 1993 a peace agreement signed at Arusha called for power - sharing and a multi- power government .
Still , businessmen close to Habyarimana imported 581,000 machetes for distribution to Hutu for killing Tutsi , because machetes were cheaper than guns .
However , Habyarimana 's actions against Tutsi , and his newfound toleration of killings of Tutsi , proved insufficient for Hutu extremists ( i.e. , Hutu even more extreme than Habyarimana ) , who feared having their power diluted as a result of the Arusha agreement .
They began training their militias , importing weapons , and preparing to exterminate Tutsi .
Rwandan Hutu fears of Tutsi grew out of the long history of Tutsi domination of Hutu , the various Tutsi-led invasions of Rwanda , and Tutsi mass killings of Hutu and murder of individual Hutu political leaders in neighboring Burundi .
Those Hutu fears increased in 1993 , when extremist Tutsi army officers in Burundi murdered Burundi's Hutu president , provoking killings of Burundi Tutsi by Hutu , provoking in turn more extensive killings of Burundi Hutu by Tutsi .
Matters came to a head on the evening of April 6,1994 , when the Rwandan presidential jet plane , carrying Rwanda 's President Habyarimana and also ( as a last - minute passenger )
Burundi's new provisional president back from a meeting in Tanzania , was shot down by two missiles as it came in to land at the airport of Kigali , Rwanda 's capital , killing everyone on board .
The missiles were fired from immediately outside the airport perimeter .
It remains uncertain to this day by whom or why Habyarimana 's plane was shot down ; several groups had alternative motives for killing him .
Whoever [ 316 ] were the perpetrators , Hutu extremists within an hour of the plane 's downing began carrying out plans evidently already prepared in detail to kill the Hutu prime minister and other moderate or at least less extreme members of the democratic opposition , and Tutsi .
Once Hutu opposition had been eliminated , the extremists took over the government and radio and set out to exterminate Rwanda 's Tutsi , who still numbered about a million even after all the previous killings and escapes into exile .
The lead in the killings was initially taken by Hutu army extremists , using guns .
They soon turned to efficiently organizing Hutu civilians , distributing weapons , setting up roadblocks , killing Tutsi identified at the roadblocks , broadcasting radio appeals to every Hutu to kill every " cockroach " ( as Tutsi were termed ) , urging Tutsi to gather supposedly for protection at safe places where they could then be killed , and tracking down surviving Tutsi .
When international protests against the killings eventually began to surface , the government and radio changed the tone of their propaganda , from exhortations to kill cockroaches to urging Rwandans to practice self - defense and to protect themselves against Rwanda 's common enemies .
Moderate Hutu government officials who tried to prevent killings were intimidated , bypassed , replaced , or killed .
The largest massacres , each of hundreds or thousands of Tutsi at one site , took place when Tutsi took refuge in churches , schools , hospitals , government offices , or those other supposed safe places and were then surrounded and hacked or burned to death .
The genocide involved large - scale Hutu civilian participation , though it is debated whether as many as one - third or just some lesser proportion of Hutu civilians joined in killing Tutsi .
After the army 's initial killings with guns in each area , subsequent killings used low - tech means , mainly machetes or else clubs studded with nails .
The killings involved much savagery , including chopping off arms and legs of intended victims , chopping breasts off women , throwing children down into wells , and widespread rape .
While the killings were organized by the extremist Hutu government and largely carried out by Hutu civilians , institutions and outsiders from whom one might have expected better behavior played an important permissive role .
In particular , numerous leaders of Rwanda 's Catholic Church either failed to protect Tutsi or else actively assembled them and turned them over to killers .
The United Nations already had a small peacekeeping force in Rwanda , which it proceeded to order to retreat ; the French government sent a peacekeeping force , which sided with the genocidal Hutu [ 317 ] government and against invading rebels ; and the United States government declined to intervene .
In explanation of these policies , the U.N. , French government , and U.S. government all referred to " chaos , " " a confusing situation , " and " tribal conflict , " as if this were just one more tribal conflict of a type considered normal and acceptable in Africa , and ignoring evidence for the meticulous orchestration of the killings by the Rwandan government .
Within six weeks , an estimated 800,000 Tutsi , representing about three - quarters of the Tutsi then remaining in Rwanda , or 11 % of Rwanda 's total population , had been killed .
A Tutsi-led rebel army termed the Rwandan Patriotic Front ( RPF ) began military operations against the government within a day of the start of the genocide .
The genocide ended in each part of Rwanda only with the arrival of that RPF army , which declared complete victory on July 18 , 1994 .
It is generally agreed that the RPF army was disciplined and did not enlist civilians to murder , but it did carry out reprisal killings on a much smaller scale than the genocide to which it was responding ( estimated number of reprisal victims , " only " 25,000 to 60,000 ) .
The RPF set up a new government , emphasized national conciliation and unity , and urged Rwandans to think of themselves as Rwandans rather than as Hutu or Tutsi .
About 135,000 Rwandans were eventually imprisoned on suspicion of being guilty of genocide , but few of the prisoners have been tried or convicted .
After the RPF victory , about 2,000,000 people ( mostly Hutu ) fled into exile in neighboring countries ( especially the Congo and Tanzania ) , while about 750,000 former exiles ( mostly Tutsi ) returned to Rwanda from neighboring countries to which they had fled ( Plate 22 ) .
The usual accounts of the genocides in Rwanda and Burundi portray them as the result of pre-existing ethnic hatreds fanned by cynical politicians for their own ends .
As summed up in the book Leave None to Tell the Story : Genocide in Rwanda , published by the organization Human Rights Watch , " this genocide was not an uncontrollable outburst of rage by a people consumed by ' ancient tribal hatreds .'. . .
This genocide resulted from the deliberate choice of a modern elite to foster hatred and fear to keep itself in power .
This small , privileged group first set the majority against the minority to counter a growing political opposition within Rwanda .
Then , faced with RPF success on the battlefield and at the negotiating table , these few powerholders transformed the strategy of ethnic division into genocide . [ 318 ]
They believed that the extermination campaign would restore the solidarity of the Hutu under their leadership and help them win the war . . . "
The evidence is overwhelming that this view is correct and accounts in large degree for Rwanda 's tragedy .
But there is also evidence that other considerations contributed as well .
Rwanda contained a third ethnic group , variously known as the Twa or pygmies , who numbered only 1 % of the population , were at the bottom of the social scale and power structure , and did not constitute a threat to anybody -- yet most of them , too , were massacred in the 1994 killings .
The 1994 explosion was not just Hutu versus Tutsi , but the competing factions were in reality more complex : there were three rival factions composed predominantly or solely of Hutu , one of which may have been the one to trigger the explosion by killing the Hutu president from another faction ; and the invading RPF army of exiles , though led by Tutsi , also contained Hutu .
The distinction between Hutu and Tutsi is not nearly as sharp as often portrayed .
The two groups speak the same language , attended the same churches and schools and bars , lived together in the same village under the same chiefs , and worked together in the same offices .
Hutu and Tutsi intermarried , and ( before Belgians introduced identity cards ) sometimes switched their ethnic identity .
While Hutu and Tutsi look different on the average , many individuals are impossible to assign to either of the two groups based on appearance .
About one - quarter of all Rwandans have both Hutu and Tutsi among their great - grandparents .
( In fact , there is some question whether the traditional account of the Hutu and Tutsi having different origins is correct , or whether instead the two groups just differentiated economically and socially within Rwanda and Burundi out of a common stock . )
This intergradation gave rise to tens of thousands of personal tragedies during the 1994 killings , as Hutu tried to protect their Tutsi spouses , relatives , friends , colleagues , and patrons , or tried to buy off would - be killers of those loved ones with money .
The two groups were so intertwined in Rwandan society that in 1994 doctors ended up killing their patients and vice versa , teachers killed their students and vice versa , and neighbors and office colleagues killed each other .
Individual Hutu killed some Tutsi while protecting other Tutsi .
We cannot avoid asking ourselves : how , under those circumstances , were so many Rwandans so readily manipulated by extremist leaders into killing each other with the utmost savagery ?
Especially puzzling , if one believes that there was nothing more to the genocide than Hutu- versus - Tutsi ethnic hatred fanned by politicians , are [ 319 ] events in northwestern Rwanda .
There , in a community where virtually everybody was Hutu and there was only a single Tutsi , mass killings still took place -- of Hutu by other Hutu .
While the proportional death toll there , estimated as " at least 5 % of the population , " may have been somewhat lower than that overall in Rwanda ( 11 % ) , it still takes some explaining why a Hutu community would kill at least 5 % of its members in the absence of ethnic motives .
Elsewhere in Rwanda , as the 1994 genocide proceeded and as the number of Tutsi declined , Hutu turned to attacking each other .
All these facts illustrate why we need to search for other contributing factors in addition to ethnic hatred .
To begin our search , let 's again consider Rwanda 's high population density that I mentioned previously .
Rwanda ( and Burundi ) was already densely populated in the 19th century before European arrival , because of its twin advantages of moderate rainfall and an altitude too high for malaria and the tsetse fly .
Rwanda 's population subsequently grew , albeit with ups and downs , at an average rate of over 3 % per year , for essentially the same reasons as in neighboring Kenya and Tanzania ( New World crops , public health , medicine , and stable political borders ) .
By 1990 , even after the killings and mass exilings of the previous decades , Rwanda 's average population density was 760 people per square mile , higher than that of the United Kingdom ( 610 ) and approaching that of Holland ( 950 ) .
But the United Kingdom and Holland have highly efficient mechanized agriculture , such that only a few percent of the population working as farmers can produce much of the food for everyone else , plus some surplus food for export .
Rwandan agriculture is much less efficient and unmechanized ; farmers depend on handheld hoes , picks , and machetes ; and most people have to remain farmers , producing little or no surplus that could support others .
As Rwanda 's population rose after independence , the country carried on with its traditional agricultural methods and failed to modernize , to introduce more productive crop varieties , to expand its agricultural exports , or to institute effective family planning .
Instead , the growing population was accommodated just by clearing forests and draining marshes to gain new farmland , shortening fallow periods , and trying to extract two or three consecutive crops from a field within one year .
When so many Tutsi fled or were killed in the 1960s and in 1973 , the availability of their former lands for redistribution fanned the dream that each Hutu farmer could now , at last , have enough land to feed himself and his family comfortably .
By 1985 , all [ 320 ] arable land outside of national parks was being cultivated .
As both population and agricultural production increased , per-capita food production rose from 1966 to 1981 but then dropped back to the level where it had stood in the early 1960s .
That , exactly , is the Malthusian dilemma : more food , but also more people , hence no improvement in food per person .
Friends of mine who visited Rwanda in 1984 sensed an ecological disaster in the making .
The whole country looked like a garden and banana plantation .
Steep hills were being farmed right up to their crests .
Even the most elementary measures that could have minimized soil erosion , such as terracing , plowing along contours rather than straight up and down hills , and providing some fallow cover of vegetation rather than leaving fields bare between crops , were not being practiced .
As a result , there was much soil erosion , and the rivers carried heavy loads of mud .
One Rwandan wrote me , " Farmers can wake up in the morning and find that their entire field ( or at least its topsoil and crops ) has been washed away overnight , or that their neighbor 's field and rocks have now been washed down to cover their own field . "
Forest clearance led to drying - up of streams , and more irregular rainfall .
By the late 1980s famines began to reappear .
In 1989 there were more severe food shortages resulting from a drought , brought on by a combination of regional or global climate change plus local effects of deforestation .
The effect of all those environmental and population changes on an area of northwestern Rwanda ( Kanama commune ) inhabited just by Hutu was studied in detail by two Belgian economists , Catherine Andre and Jean - Philippe Platteau .
Andre , who was Platteau 's student , lived there for a total of 16 months during two visits in 1988 and 1993 , while the situation was deteriorating but before the genocide 's explosion .
She interviewed members of most households in the area .
For each household interviewed in each of those two years , she ascertained the number of people living in the household , the total area of land that it owned , and the amount of income that its members earned from jobs off the farm .
She also tabulated sales or transfers of land , and disputes requiring mediation .
After the genocide of 1994 , she tracked down news of survivors and sought to detect any pattern to which particular Hutu ended up being killed by other Hutu .
Andre and Platteau then processed this mass of data together to figure out what it all meant .
Kanama has very fertile volcanic soil , so that its population density is high even by the standards of densely populated Rwanda : 1,740 people per square mile in 1988 , rising to 2,040 in 1993 .
( That 's higher even than the value for Bangladesh , the world 's most densely populated agricultural nation . )
Those high population densities translated into very small farms : a [ 321 ] median farm size of only 0.89 acre in 1988 , declining to 0.72 acre in 1993 .
Each farm was divided into ( on average ) 10 separate parcels , so that farmers were tilling absurdly small parcels averaging only 0.09 acre in 1988 and 0.07 acre in 1993 .
Because all land in the commune was already occupied , young people found it difficult to marry , leave home , acquire a farm , and set up their own household .
Increasingly , young people postponed marriage and continued to live at home with their parents .
For instance , in the 20 - to 25 - year - old age bracket , the percentage of young women living at home rose between 1988 and 1993 from 39 % to 67 % , and the percentage of young men rose from 71 % to 100 % : not a single man in his early 20s lived independently of his parents by 1993 .
That obviously contributed to the lethal family tensions that exploded in 1994 , as I shall explain below .
With more young people staying home , the average number of people per farm household increased ( between 1988 and 1993 ) from 4.9 to 5.3 , so that the land shortage was even tighter than indicated by the decrease in farm size from 0.89 to 0.72 acre .
When one divides decreasing farm area by increasing number of people in the household , one finds that each person was living off of only one - fifth of an acre in 1988 , declining to one - seventh of an acre in 1993 .
Not surprisingly , it proved impossible for most people in Kanama to feed themselves on so little land .
Even when measured against the low calorie intake considered adequate in Rwanda , the average household got only 77 % of its calorie needs from its farm .
The rest of its food had to be bought with income earned off the farm , at jobs such as carpentry , brick - making , sawing wood , and trade .
Two - thirds of households held such jobs , while one - third did n't .
The percentage of the population consuming less than 1,600 calories per day ( i.e. , what is considered below the famine level ) was 9 % in 1982 , rising to 40 % in 1990 and some unknown higher percentage thereafter .
All of these numbers that I have quoted so far for Kanama are average numbers , which conceal inequalities .
Some people owned larger farms than others , and that inequality increased from 1988 to 1993 .
Let 's define a " very big " farm as larger than 2.5 acres , and a " very small " farm as smaller than 0.6 acre .
( Think back to Chapter 1 to appreciate the tragic absurdity of those numbers : I mentioned there that in Montana a 40 - acre farm used to be considered necessary to support a family , but even that is now inadequate . )
Both the percentage of very big farms and the percentage of very small farms increased between 1988 and 1993 , from 5 to 8 % and from 36 to 45 % respectively .
That is , Kanama farm society was becoming increasingly [ 322 ] divided between the rich haves and the poor have - nots , with decreasing numbers of people in the middle .
Older heads of households tended to be richer and to have larger farms : those in the age ranges 50 - 59 and 20 - 29 years old had average farm sizes of 2.05 acres and only 0.37 acre respectively .
Of course , family size was larger for the older household heads , so they needed more land , but they still had three times more land per household member than did young household heads .
Paradoxically , off - farm income was earned disproportionately by owners of large farms : the average size of farms that did earn such income was 1.3 acres , compared to only half an acre for farms lacking such income .
That difference is paradoxical because the smaller farms are the ones whose household members have less farmland per person to feed themselves , and which thus need more off - farm income .
That concentration of off - farm income on the larger farms contributed to the increasing division of Kanama society between haves and have - nots , with the rich becoming richer and the poor becoming poorer .
In Rwanda , it 's supposedly illegal for owners of small farms to sell any of their land .
In fact , it does happen .
Investigation of land sales showed that owners of the smallest farms sold land mainly when they needed money for an emergency involving food , health , lawsuit costs , bribes , a baptism , wedding , funeral , or excessive drinking .
In contrast , owners of large farms sold for reasons such as to increase farm efficiency ( e.g. , selling a distant parcel of land in order to buy a parcel nearer to the farmhouse ) .
The extra off - farm income of larger farms allowed them to buy land from smaller farms , with the result that large farms tended to buy land and become larger , while small farms tended to sell land and become smaller .
Almost no large farm sold land without buying any , but 35 % of the smallest farms in 1988 , and 49 % of them in 1993 , sold without buying .
If one breaks down land sales according to off - farm income , all farms with off - farm income bought land , and none sold land without buying ; but only 13 % of farms lacking off - farm income bought land , and 65 % of them sold land without buying .
Again , note the paradox : already - tiny farms , which desperately needed more land , in fact became smaller , by selling land in emergencies to large farms financing their purchases with off - farm income .
Remember again that what I term " large farms " are large only by Rwanda standards : " large " means " larger than a mere 1 or 2 acres . "
Thus , at Kanama most people were impoverished , hungry , and desperate , but some people were more impoverished , hungry , and desperate than [ 323 ] others , and most people were becoming more desperate while a few were becoming less desperate .
Not surprisingly , this situation gave rise to frequent serious conflicts that the parties involved could not resolve by themselves , and that they either referred to traditional village conflict mediators or ( less often ) brought to the courts .
Each year , households reported on the average more than one such serious conflict requiring outside resolution .
Andre and Platteau surveyed the causes of 226 such conflicts , as described either by the mediators or by the householders .
According to both types of informants , land disputes lay at the root of most serious conflicts : either because the conflict was directly over land ( 43 % of all cases ) ; or because it was a husband / wife , family , or personal dispute often stemming ultimately from a land dispute ( I 'll give examples in the next two paragraphs ) ; or else because the dispute involved theft by very poor people , known locally as " hunger thieves , " who owned almost no land and were without off - farm income and who lived by stealing for lack of other options ( 7 % of all disputes , and 10 % of all households ) .
Those land disputes undermined the cohesion of Rwandan society 's traditional fabric .
Traditionally , richer landowners were expected to help their poorer relatives .
This system was breaking down , because even the landowners who were richer than other landowners were still too poor to be able to spare anything for poorer relatives .
That loss of protection especially victimized vulnerable groups in the society : separated or divorced women , widows , orphans , and younger half - siblings .
When ex-husbands ceased to provide for their separated or divorced wives , the women would formerly have returned to their natal family for support , but now their own brothers opposed their return , which would make the brothers or the brothers ' children even poorer .
The women might then seek to return to their natal family only with their daughters , because Rwandan inheritance was traditionally by sons , and the woman 's brothers would n't see her daughters as competing with their own children .
The woman would leave her sons with their father ( her divorced husband ) , but his relatives might then refuse land to her sons , especially if their father died or ceased protecting them .
Similarly , a widow would find herself without support from either her husband 's family ( her brothers - in - law ) or from her own brothers , who again saw the widow 's children as competing for land with their children .
Orphans were traditionally cared for by paternal grandparents ; when those grandparents died , the orphans ' uncles ( the brothers of their deceased father ) now sought to disinherit or evict the orphans .
Children of polygamous marriages , or [ 324 ] of broken marriages in which the man subsequently remarried and had children by a new wife , found themselves disinherited or evicted by their half - brothers .
The most painful and socially disruptive land disputes were those pitting fathers against sons .
Traditionally , when a father died , his land all passed to his oldest son , who was expected to manage the land for the whole family and to provide his younger brothers with enough land for their subsistence .
As land became scarce , fathers gradually switched to the custom of dividing their land among all sons , in order to reduce the potential for intrafamily conflict after the father 's death .
But different sons urged on their father different competing proposals for dividing the land .
Younger sons became bitter if older brothers , who got married first , received a disproportionately large share -- e.g. , because the father had had to sell off some land by the time younger sons got married .
Younger sons instead demanded strictly equal divisions ; they objected to their father giving their older brother a present of land on that brother 's marriage .
The youngest son , who traditionally was the one expected to care for his parents in their old age , needed or demanded an extra share of land in order to carry out that traditional responsibility .
Brothers were suspicious of , and sought to evict , sisters or younger brothers who received from the father any present of land , which the brothers suspected was being given in return for that sister or younger brother agreeing to care for the father in his old age .
Sons complained that their father was retaining too much land to support himself in his old age , and they demanded more land now for themselves .
Fathers in turn were justifiably terrified of being left with too little land in their old age , and they opposed their sons ' demands .
All of these types of conflicts ended up before mediators or the courts , with fathers suing sons and vice versa , sisters suing brothers , nephews suing uncles , and so on .
These conflicts sabotaged family ties , and turned close relatives into competitors and bitter enemies .
That situation of chronic and escalating conflict forms the background against which the killings of 1994 took place .
Even before 1994 , Rwanda was experiencing rising levels of violence and theft , perpetrated especially by hungry landless young people without off - farm income .
When one compares crime rates for people of age 21 - 25 among different parts of Rwanda , most of the regional differences prove to be correlated statistically with [ 325 ] population density and per-capita availability of calories : high population densities and worse starvation were associated with more crime .
After the explosion of 1994 , Andre tried to track down the fates of Kanama 's inhabitants .
She found that 5.4 % were reported to her as having died as a result of the war .
That number is an underestimate of the total casualties , because there were some inhabitants about whose fates she could obtain no information .
Hence it remains unknown whether the death rate approached the average value of 11 % for Rwanda as a whole .
What is clear is that the death rate in an area where the population consisted almost entirely of Hutu was at least half of the death rate in areas where Hutu were killing Tutsi plus other Hutu .
All but one of the known victims at Kanama fell into one of six categories .
First , the single Tutsi at Kanama , a widowed woman , was killed .
Whether that had much to do with her being Tutsi is unclear , because she furnished so many other motives for killing : she had inherited much land , she had been involved in many land disputes , she was the widow of a polygamous Hutu husband ( hence viewed as a competitor of his other wives and their families ) , and her deceased husband had already been forced off his land by his half - brothers .
Two more categories of victims consisted of Hutu who were large landowners .
The majority of them were men over the age of 50 , hence at a prime age for father / son disputes over land .
The minority were younger people who had aroused jealousy by being able to earn much off - farm income and using it to buy land .
A next category of victims consisted of " troublemakers " known for being involved in all sorts of land disputes and other conflicts .
Still another category was young men and children , particularly ones from impoverished backgrounds , who were driven by desperation to enlist in the warring militias and proceeded to kill each other .
This category is especially likely to have been underestimated , because it was dangerous for Andre to ask too many questions about who had belonged to what militia .
Finally , the largest number of victims were especially malnourished people , or especially poor people with no or very little land and without off - farm income .
They evidently died because of starvation , being too weak , or not having money to buy food or to pay the bribes required to buy their survival at roadblocks .
Thus , as Andre and Platteau note , " The 1994 events provided a unique opportunity to settle scores , or to reshuffle land properties , even among [ 326 ]
Hutu villagers .
. . .
It is not rare , even today , to hear Rwandans argue that a war is necessary to wipe out an excess of population and to bring numbers into line with the available land resources . "
That last quote of what Rwandans themselves say about the genocide surprised me .
I had thought that it would be exceptional for people to recognize such a direct connection between population pressure and killings .
I 'm accustomed to thinking of population pressure , human environmental impacts , and drought as ultimate causes , which make people chronically desperate and are like the gunpowder inside the powder keg .
One also needs a proximate cause : a match to light the keg .
In most areas of Rwanda , that match was ethnic hatred whipped up by politicians cynically concerned with keeping themselves in power .
( I say " most areas , " because the large - scale killings of Hutu by Hutu at Kanama demonstrate a similar outcome even where everybody belonged to the same ethnic group . )
As Gerard Prunier , a French scholar of East Africa , puts it , " The decision to kill was of course made by politicians , for political reasons .
But at least part of the reason why it was carried out so thoroughly by the ordinary rank - and - file peasants in their ingo [= family compound ] was feeling that there were too many people on too little land , and that with a reduction in their numbers , there would be more for the survivors . "
The link that Prunier , and that Andre and Platteau , see behind population pressure and the Rwandan genocide has not gone unchallenged .
In part , the challenges are reactions to oversimplified statements that critics with some justice lampooned as " ecological determinism . "
For instance , only 10 days after the genocide began , an article in an American newspaper linked Rwanda 's dense population to the genocide by saying , " Rwandas [ i.e. , similar genocides ] are endemic , built - in , even , to the world we inhabit . "
Naturally , that fatalistic oversimplified conclusion provokes negative reactions not only to it , but also to the more complex view that Prunier , Andre and Platteau , and I present , for three reasons .
First , any " explanation " of why a genocide happened can be misconstrued as " excusing " it .
However , regardless of whether we arrive at an oversimplified one - factor explanation or an excessively complex 73 - factor explanation for a genocide does n't alter the personal responsibility of the perpetrators of the Rwandan genocide , as of other evil deeds , for their actions .
This is a misunderstanding that arises regularly in discussions of the origins of evil : people recoil at any explanation , because they confuse [ 327 ] explanations with excuses .
But it is important that we understand the origins of the Rwandan genocide -- not so that we can exonerate the killers , but so that we can use that knowledge to decrease the risk of such things happening again in Rwanda or elsewhere .
Similarly , there are people who have chosen to devote their lives or careers to understanding the origins of the Nazi Holocaust , or to understanding the minds of serial murderers and rapists .
They have made that choice not in order to mitigate the responsibility of Hitler , serial murderers , and rapists , but because they want to know how those awful things came to be , and how we can best prevent recurrences .
Second , it is justifiable to reject the simplistic view that population pressure was the single cause of the Rwandan genocide .
Other factors did contribute ; in this chapter I have introduced ones that seem to me important , and experts on Rwanda have written entire books and articles on the subject , cited in my Further Readings at the back of this book .
Just to reiterate : regardless of the order of their importance , those other factors included Rwanda 's history of Tutsi domination of Hutu , Tutsi large - scale killings of Hutu in Burundi and small - scale ones in Rwanda , Tutsi invasions of Rwanda , Rwanda 's economic crisis and its exacerbation by drought and world factors ( especially by falling coffee prices and World Bank austerity measures ) , hundreds of thousands of desperate young Rwandan men displaced as refugees into settlement camps and ripe for recruitment by militias , and competition among Rwanda 's rival political groups willing to stoop to anything to retain power .
Population pressure joined with those other factors .
Finally , one should not misconstrue a role of population pressure among the Rwandan genocide 's causes to mean that population pressure automatically leads to genocide anywhere around the world .
To those who would object that there is not a necessary link between Malthusian population pressure and genocide , I would answer , " Of course ! "
Countries can be over - populated without descending into genocide , as exemplified by Bangladesh ( relatively free of large - scale killings since its genocidal slaughters of 1971 ) as well as by the Netherlands and multi-ethnic Belgium , despite all three of those countries being more densely populated than Rwanda .
Conversely , genocide can arise for ultimate reasons other than overpopulation , as illustrated by Hitler 's efforts to exterminate Jews and Gypsies during World War II , or by the genocide of the 1970s in Cambodia , with only one - sixth of Rwanda 's population density .
Instead , I conclude that population pressure was one of the important factors behind the Rwandan genocide , that Malthus 's worst - case scenario [ 328 ] may sometimes be realized , and that Rwanda may be a distressing model of that scenario in operation .
Severe problems of overpopulation , environmental impact , and climate change cannot persist indefinitely : sooner or later they are likely to resolve themselves , whether in the manner of Rwanda or in some other manner not of our devising , if we do n't succeed in solving them by our own actions .
In the case of Rwanda 's collapse we can put faces and motives on the unpleasant solution ; I would guess that similar motives were operating , without our being able to associate them with faces , in the collapses of Easter Island , Mangareva , and the Maya that I described in Part 2 of this book .
Similar motives may operate again in the future , in some other countries that , like Rwanda , fail to solve their underlying problems .
They may operate again in Rwanda itself , where population today is still increasing at 3 % per year , women are giving birth to their first child at age 15 , the average family has between five and eight children , and a visitor 's sense is of being surrounded by a sea of children .
The term " Malthusian crisis " is impersonal and abstract .
It fails to evoke the horrible , savage , numbing details of what millions of Rwandans did , or had done to them .
Let us give the last words to one observer , and to one survivor .
The observer is , again , Gerard Prunier : " All these people who were about to be killed had land and at times cows .
And somebody had to get these lands and those cows after the owners were dead .
In a poor and increasingly overpopulated country this was not a negligible incentive . "
The survivor is a Tutsi teacher whom Prunier interviewed , and who survived only because he happened to be away from his house when killers arrived and murdered his wife and four of his five children :
" The people whose children had to walk barefoot to school killed the people who could buy shoes for theirs . "
Greece 's economy may crumble without $ 40bn in emergency aid The Greek government 's cost of borrowing has hit a new high as talks on a joint eurozone and International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) rescue plan begin .
The interest rate on 10 - year government bonds hit 8.3 % - the highest since the euro was introduced .
Rates rose as it became clear that talks over the aid package may not be finished until days before a multi- billion - euro loan is due for repayment .
Investors are becoming more convinced that Greece will need to be rescued .
Greece 's finance ministry said the talks with the European Commission and the IMF would take about two weeks , with a joint text issued on about 15 May .
On 19 May , Greece is due to repay investors an 8.5 bn euros ( £ 7.3 bn ) bond .
The talks cover austerity measures that Greece must take during the next three years to reduce its 300 bn - euro debt mountain .
If all sides can agree the measures , it should help clear the way for a quick payout of up to 40bn euros on offer from eurozone members and the IMF .
In a statement on Tuesday , Greece 's finance ministry said : " The discussions concern a three - year programme of economic policies ... which can be supported with financial assistance from eurozone members and the International Monetary Fund should Greek authorities decide to request the activation of the mechanism . "
Rescue package
The eurozone partners have agreed to offer rescue finance of up to 30bn euros ( $ 40 bn ; £ 26bn ) , with the IMF offering a further 10bn euros .
The talks will discuss the precise terms , conditions , and interest rates that would apply if Greece asks for the aid .
But many observers say it is a case of " when " not " if " Greece needs the aid .
And speculation persists that even 40bn euros might not be enough .
On Tuesday , Axel Weber , a member of the European Central Bank governing council , denied reports that Greece might need as much as 80bn euros to avoid default .
Greek borrowing costs have hit a succession of new highs in recent weeks as investors demand a higher return for lending the government money it needs to repay its debts .
Athens raised almost 2bn euros by selling three - month Treasury bills on Tuesday .
However , although the fund - raising was successful , the interest rate was 3.65 % , more than twice the level at which Greece raised similar short - term funds in January .
Greece has said its priority is to raise much - needed funds on the financial markets .
But the higher the yield on Treasury issues , the bigger Greece 's debt - burden becomes .
The country needs to raise about 11bn euros by the end of May , and about another 35bn euros during 2010 to pay its bills , such as public service pensions , and to finance structural reforms .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Landlord Wants To Inspect Your Place , You Grow Marijuana , What Do You Do ?
As promised , this post is a follow up to the article ‘ Can I be Evicted for Medical Marijuana ’ that I wrote earlier this week .
As I explained previously , letting your landlord know that you grow marijuana , even with the protection of a medical marijuana card , is not a good idea if you can avoid it .
If you are a renter , it is almost inevitable that the landlord is going to want to come over at some point in time to do a ‘ walk through . ’
A walk through can be anything from the landlord coming in and ‘ taking a look around , ’ all the way to a ‘ tossing the cell ’ styled search – much like me and my buddy had to deal with when I helped him pass an inspection recently .
I will give you the step by step breakdown of what happened to us , what we needed to hide from the landlord , and what steps we took in order to pull it off .
It all started with the infamous ‘ notice of entry ’ letter that we received from the landlord .
In most states , there are laws that ‘ protect ’ tenants from nosey landlords by requiring them to give you a 24 - 48 hour notice .
I use quotations around the word ‘ protect ’ because while the law gives some protection , it does n’t go far enough .
It essentially gives landlords the right to come and harass the tenants whenever they want , so long as they mailed a very impersonal letter 24 hours before hand .
If you live in a rental and grow marijuana , I suggest checking the mail EVERYDAY , otherwise you might get the notice the day of , and then you are screwed .
When my friend received the notice of entry , he had me call the landlords because I am very skilled in the art of BS .
I essentially told the landlords that I would not be home the day of the walk through , and asked if there was any way to reschedule .
Landlords are not required by law to be nice to their tenants , and if they want to come in after the notice , they have every right .
However , landlords are humans too , and if you tug at their heart strings , they will usually make an exception .
Some good excuses that I have used in the past include : being at a conference for work out of town ( be prepared with company name and type of industry , always say you are in Vegas ) , it ’s finals week and I would really prefer to wait until next week when I ’m not slammed with studies and have a second to tidy up ( they do n’t want to come over to a pig sty ) , I ’m currently dealing with a really bad breakup with my fiancÃ© ( this almost always works ) , etc .
Whatever your story is , make sure to get ‘ into character ’ so you do n’t drop the ball , and make a suspicious situation even worse !
Every landlord I have ever dealt with in this situation tries to pull the ‘ well you do n’t have to be home in order for us to come take a look … ’
DO NOT FALL FOR THIS .
Even if you are not growing marijuana , please , do not let them come over while you are not there .
All you have to say is ‘ my uncle is a real estate attorney , and he told me to NEVER let landlords come over when I ’m not home .
I do n’t have anything to hide , but he says I always need to be present in case there is a discrepancy … something about legal ramifications in small claims court or something …’
Every time I have ever used that line , the person on the other end of the phone gets really shy and gives the extension .
This is probably due to the fact that they have NO legal background whatsoever , and do n’t want to be a part of a future lawsuit ( whether it ’s real or not ! ) .
The size of your garden , the alterations you have made to the house , the method you are using to grow , and the type of neighborhood you live in are all major factors when determining a strategy to survive a walk thru .
Fortunately for readers ( and very unfortunately for me and my buddy ! ) , we had to pass a walk through in the WORST conditions .
We had two bedrooms and a garage FULL of plants ; six plants were two weeks away from being harvested and were bigger than a human , ten plants were needing to be transplanted from veg to flower THAT DAY (! ) and were a good three feet tall , we had about 50 clones that ranged between 3 - 9 inches tall , and had about 20 seedlings that were in the very beginnings of their life and needed to be handled with care .
My buddy is a patient / grower and a caretaker / grower for several other people , so he is legal in the eyes of the law .
However , he still did n’t want his landlord to know , for the reasons that I outlined in my previous article .
The size of the garden itself was just one of the problems ; the method of gardening was probably the biggest problem .
Had the plants been in soil , they would be easy to move to a buddy ’s house and then clean up would commence .
However , my buddy uses a very sophisticated hydroponic setup , and it is virtually impossible to move long distances .
I had another friend try to move a similar set up once , and after being in the van swaying around for just 30 minutes with no circulation in the water , the plants keeled over and died .
The roots are very sensitive in a hydroponic setup , and when they are taken out of their loving environment , they have a shorter life span than a Little Caesar ’s pizza .
Moral of the story — if you live in a rental , you should really consider a soil set up in the name of easy removal .
If you go hydro , you are left with only two options : get rid of the plants and start over , or do what my buddy and I did and create a temporary home for them .
My friend lives in a nice suburban neighborhood , with no trees around .
This was very lame , because there was no coverage in his backyard ; any neighbor who was looking out their backdoor or window could see his entire backyard .
The first thing we did was lay down a severe amount of pesticides all over his yard , especially where the shed was to be built .
When you grow indoors , you spend a lifetime trying to keep bugs and outside elements from entering your room .
We were about to put these monster plants right outside !
The next step involved building a shed ( from Lowe ’s , $ 265 ) , which would serve as a temporary home for the plants .
We made sure to fill every crack where light shown through with spray foam , lined the floor of the shed with black plastic , and made sure to build the shed in the corner of the yard that was farthest away from any neighbors .
Make sure to measure the square footage of your garden in order to get the correct sized shed .
The last thing you want to do is run out of room in the middle of the move !
From there we started to deconstruct the rooms .
The first room we made into a ‘ workout room , ’ which consisted of a weight bench , free weights , a balance pad , workout ball , medicine ball , etc .
It does n’t matter what workout stuff you put in there , just so long as it looks like an obvious exercise room .
This allows you to put down ‘ gym mats ’ which can be purchased at any Wal - Mart ( $ 18 ) , should there be any stains on the floor .
It also allows you to put up sports posters on the walls , should there be any holes in them .
The second room we made into a ‘ junk room ’ and filled it with any box and tote we could get our hands on .
The junk room is good , because you can put all of your ducting , lights , fans , etc. in the boxes and totes , and it just looks like you are a pack rat in that room .
I know lots of people that take everything away from the grow house , which is fine too .
However , it takes a lot of extra work , and when you are driving van / truck loads of stuff out one day just to put it back in the next couple days , it looks a little weird to your neighbors !
The two rooms were nothing compared to the garage .
Each bedroom had two 1000w lights hanging in them , along with the accompanying ducting , fans , and a portable air conditioner .
The garage had 10 lights , with a lifetime supply of ducting , fans , 2 A / C’s , and most importantly , a temporary wall that we had constructed to shield the plants from the furnace .
Also , the automatic garage door was unplugged , off its track , and the garage door itself was covered with insulation and black plastic .
We had two options ; tear it all down and rebuild it or figure out some type of smoke and mirrors story for the landlord and keep it .
We decided to go with the latter .
I pride myself on being the human ‘ Three Card Monte , ’ and have come up with all types of stories and half truths in order to pull the wool over a landlord ’s eyes .
But I have to say , I am extra proud of what I came up with for the garage at my buddy ’s house .
We made the garage look like a recording / jam studio for ‘ our band . ’
Sound acoustics would explain the cover on the garage door , as well as the temporary wall .
Just to make sure , I made some homemade acoustic pads out of cardboard , R - 13 insulation , and burlap fabric ( I was a sound engineer when I was a teenager and early adult ) , and placed them all over the room .
Add two ‘ Sublime ’ posters , an AC / DC poster , lots of DJ equipment , guitars , drums , and a microphone , and you have a full fledged jam pad !
The only things left to do at this point was to physically move the plants from their current rooms out to the shed , finish the deconstructing of the rooms , and make any necessary repairs / alterations to the house .
Remember , you are not only trying to pass the walk through the day of , but you are also trying to get the landlord to leave and never come back .
The smallest repair could result in the landlord sending a repair guy , or coming back over themselves in the near future .
Make sure that all smoke detectors have new batteries , that there are no leaks under your sinks , and that there are no noticeable problems with the property .
You are not trying to fix the house to be sold on the market ; you are simply trying to get it to a good enough position that it can stay that way for 24 hours .
For instance , we switched the garbage disposal , and put down some paint and ‘ fake wood ’ shelf liner in order to make it look like there was no leak under the sink for the last two months …
Once the shed was built , everything was deconstructed , and necessary repairs were made , the only thing left to do was to move the plants from their rooms to the shed .
We did this at about 2 am under the cloak of darkness for obvious reasons .
One thing to keep in mind is that it is going to be very quiet outside at that time .
If you bump the shed , fart , talk at all , or do n’t have your cell phone on silent , it could come back to haunt you .
People are watching for tweakers and prowlers at 2 am , and if they hear a noise and look out their window , the jig is up !
I took some American Sign Language courses in college , so I was able to teach my friend a couple of clutch hand signs before we started .
There was nothing pretty about lifting and moving hundreds of gallons of water , but we got it done !
Once we went to bed for a few hours and woke up , it was now the day of reckoning .
The landlord had not been to the house for 15 months , and had no idea what the real tenant looked like .
I offered to pose as my friend and go through the walk through as if I was the actual tenant .
I do not recommend this to anyone , as it was a VERY unnecessary move , and if anything , just adds to the confusion and stress .
However , I was trained by father who is a convicted conman , and I feel that I can ‘ get into character ’ and pretend to be just about anyone in a situation like that .
I do n’t use the skill that often because I try to be honest in most parts of my life , however , landlord harassments are not ethical , so I ’m OK with fighting fire with fire !
About an hour before the landlord came over , I cooked two large packs of bacon .
Nothing covers up weed smells better than bacon in my opinion , and anything that does a similar job is very suspicious ( such as incense , perfume , etc. ) .
You want to cover up the smell WITHOUT MAKING IT LOOK LIKE YOU ARE TRYING TO COVER UP THE SMELL .
I know if I was a landlord coming to look for something suspicious , walking into a house that is over - powered with ‘ Axe body spray ’ might be a sign that something is up .
You might think that this is ridiculous , but I will tell you what — no one has ever come into one of my rental properties and said ‘ you are making BLT ’s huh ?
I ’m calling the cops and kicking you out …’
EVERYTIME
I have been in that situation , the landlord comes in and talks about how good bacon smells , and how hungry they are !
Just for good measure , I like to put strips of bacon into coffee cups , and then hide them strategically around the house .
It might reek like bacon , but that ’s far better than the alternative !
Remember to find the cups when you are done with the walk thru though , otherwise you could have a totally different problem on your hands …
Another thing I like to do is get the pan of bacon really hot , then walk all around the house and waft the smell around ( much like a monk would do to ward off evil spirits in a temple ) .
It helps permeate the smell .
By the time we had done all of this , the walk through went off without a hitch .
Keep in mind , this was not a ‘ just coming to look around ’ walk through .
These A holes looked in the fridge , measured every window and blind , checked every room to make sure that there was a door stopper present , and just about every other invasive thing that an inspector could do .
Luckily though , they did n’t check the shed .
When they were measuring a window from the outside one time , little did they know that they were less than ten feet away from our entire garden hidden inside the shed !
Some final thoughts as I wrap up .
If you can just cut your losses and get rid of your plants , you will save a lot of stress and headache during this process .
However , I will be the first to recognize that it ’s not always possible to do so ( as was the case in my friend ’s situation ) .
If you are in a situation where you need to salvage your garden , then I feel that the steps I have outlined in this article should be very useful to you , because they were certainly useful to my friend !
The only thing that I would add to the process is to be mindful of the weather .
Luckily for us , the weather was very mild ( 55 degrees Fahrenheit with a slight drizzle ) on the day of the inspection , so it was n’t a problem .
However , if you live in an area that is very hot or very cold , you run the risk of putting your plants into a shed that can either be a frozen tundra or a super hot sauna .
Make sure to check with the weather man before you make a plan !
1 . With the Chinese cupboard I covered everything with duct tape then spray painted it black
2 . The second cupboard was covered with double - sided tape and gift wrapping paper
Eric Guiomar 's recipe includes wallpaper paste , water and acrylic paints stirred together , to form a thick glue and thinly painted onto the Nepalese papers then attached to your cardboard structure .
Once dry it is waterproofed with bottle of acrylic varnish ( normally used to polish the kitchen lino floors . )
warning
When you paint with the wallpaper paste +
ACRYLIC PAINT
I found when I put too much water the cardboard collapsed .
Minimal water is recommended , or paint in the sun , small sections at a time .
OTHER POSSIBLE SOLUTIONS TO COVERING YOUR CARDBOARD FURNITURE
Rice Starch Glue Paste recipe
Rice flour ( or wheat flour found in Asian shops )
Water
2 T Salt dissolved in boiling water
optional - Drop of eucalyptus oil to prevent mould
1. Cook until translucent .
Keeps in fridge 3 days .
This is used instead of PVA for decoupage or papier mache techniques .
Gesso mix
1 . Mix the above recipe with the milk paint formula below and add gypsum / whiting / chalk and 1 cup of PVA glue extra .
It will look the mask and bowl pictures below with the finish , having a nice smooth wood - like appearance .
2 . If you use rabbit sizing instead of PVA it needs to be cooked at medium heat .
Whisk until smooth .
First soak the granules overnight to 15 parts water .
Do not boil .
3. Tempera powdered painted can be added for colouring .
Gesso sticks best to a rough surface and may crack when painted .
4. ( I made a chalk board with this Gesso mix formula and it was extremely smooth ) .
5 . When dry sand with fine sandpaper .
The suface can be painted , inlaid with metal or anything you like .
1870 Milk Paint Formula
1 Quart skim milk ( room temperature )
1 Ounce of hydrated lime by weight
( Available at hardware stores .
Do not use quick lime ( calcium oxide ) , as it will react with the water and heat up .
Hydrated lime has been soaked in water then dried . )
Stir in enough skim milk to hydrated lime to make a cream .
Add balance of skim milk .
Now add sufficient amount of powder pigment to desired color and consistency ( Pigment powder must be limeproof ) .
Stir in well for a few minutes before using .
For best results continue to stir throughout use .
Apply a thin layer milk paint with a cheap natural bristle brush .
Allow project to dry sufficiently before applying next coat .
Extra paint may be kept for several days in the refrigerator , until the milk sours .
Double or triple the recipe for paint .
Allow to dry thoroughly 3 - 4 hours before use .
For extra protection , give paint a coat of oil finish or sealer .
Color may change - test in inconspicuous area .
Very Durable Weather Resistant Paint
5 parts cottage cheese or dry curd cheese
( Dry curd cheese is cottage cheese without cream or flavoring added .
You can make a similar cheese by putting cottage cheese into cheesecloth and hanging it until it stops draining .
Use cottage cheese if you are in a hurry . )
1 part hydrated lime or slacked lime
Mix hydrated lime with water to make a paste .
Add to cottage cheese and stir in well .
Leave for few hours - the cheese lump will dissolve completely .
Select some powder pigments and add to solution ( Pigment powder must be limeproof ) .
Add more water if too thick ; powdered skim milk if too thin .
Strain if you want a fine paint ( old nylon stocking works well ) .
By Roland Buerk
BBC News , Tokyo
More than 2 m bees were stolen last year , says Japan 's apiary association
Japanese bee - keepers have been warned to be on their guard , following a spate of hive thefts .
The price of honeybees has doubled in recent years after a ban on imports .
Police suspect a gang of specialist thieves is stealing honeybees to order .
In central Shizuoka prefecture , eight hives of 60,000 bees were taken in a single night from five separate farms .
The area is well known for strawberry growing and farmers need honeybees to pollinate their crops .
The insects have been in short supply in Japan after imports were banned for several years to try to prevent the spread of parasites .
The price of a swarm has doubled to more than $ 400 ( £ 260 ) .
The Japan Beekeepers and Honey Association says more than two million of the insects were stolen in 2009 , and thefts are becoming more frequent .
The organisation has urged its members to be alert , but has admitted it is difficult to protect hives around the clock on remote farms .
One member of parliament , above all others , has championed reason for the last 13 years , But Evan Harris was not re-elected in Oxford West and Abingdon .
On May 6th he got 23,730 votes , a mere 176 votes fewer than his conservative rival .
Click picture to see hero movie ( be patient ) ( or right click to download mpg file )
Let me declare an interest .
Evan Harris is one of the most principled men I have ever had the pleasure to meet .
His stands on human rights , civil rights and libel law reform have been exemplary .
He is also one of the few ( and now fewer ) members of parliament who understands how science works and its importance for the future of the UK .
He has been a tireless advocate for the idea that policy should be based on evidence ( as opposed to guesswork ) ..
Harris is also an atheist , something that one would not expect to be very relevant in a country where the influence of religion has declined progressively for many years .
It would not be relevant if it were not for the fact that his defeat was brought about by poisonous lies propagated by , ahem , evangelical christians .
I ’m an atheist too , but I have met some good christians , I think they are wrong about their sky fairies , but I also think they should be free to believe in them if they want .
Some of them do good things as a result of their beliefs .
But not in Oxford West and Abingdon .
The ( just ) winner was conservative Nicola Blackwood .
She is a member of the Conservative Christian Fellowship .
But curiously a search of her web site for ‘ christian ’ shows not a single result .
Should n’t voters know about your beliefs ?
It seems distinctly dishonest not to admit that your views come from an old book as interpreted by old men , The voter should know your motives .
Her profile at the Conservative Christian Fellowship says
“ Along with many Christians , she is concerned that right to freedom of religion is being undermined without proper understanding of the potential consequences for faith groups or the wider community .
In particular , she fears that the voice of Christians and people of other faiths on key issues of conscience is too readily dismissed in public debate . ”
But what did Nicola Blackwood know about the smear leaflets ?
Nicola Blackwood ’s web site not only does n’t mention the word ‘ christian .
It says very little about policies of any sort , There is no
mention of euthanasia or any of the other questions raised in pamphlets that were distributed throughout the constituency .
There is a well hidden disclaimer
" Nicola has distanced the Conservative Party from literature distributed by private individuals and special interest and pressure groups attacking her opponent " .
That is a pretty weak response to the poisonous and inaccurate leaflets that were circulated ( they can be seen here ) .
The worst stuff came form two sources
The Reverend Lynda Rose .
Lynda Rose is an Anglican minister who seems to think it appropriate to call a good man " Dr Death " because of her religious ‘ principles ’ .
Here is part of her leaflet
Lynda
Rose has extreme " pro-life " views , more like those of the pope than of the average anglican .
She seems not unlike the extreme right wing fundamentalist religious groups found in the USA .
Harris told the Oxford Mail that
“ It is a pity that , instead of putting up a candidate to contest the election , an anonymous group , using money from no - one knows where , is distributing an inaccurate personal attack leaflet in this constituency for the first time ever .
“ It is offensive and I would say profoundly unchristian to use the term Dr Death – associated with Nazi murderer Joseph Mengele or mass - murderer Harold Shipman – to describe any politician . ”
The Reverend Rose replied to the this in a letter to the Oxford Mail ( April 26th ) that is reproduced on the web site Anglican
Mainstream ( " Anglo - catholic , Evangelical , Orthodox , Charismatic , Mainstream " ) .
There is not a word of apology for vilely defamatory use of “ Dr Death ” , but merely a huffy defence of Hansard ’s voting records .
That takes some beating as uncharitable , intolerant , inaccurate ( and defamatory ) comment .
But there is even worse to come .
Keith Mann was another candidate in the same election .
In 1994 Mann was sentenced to 14 years in jail , reduced to 11 years on appeal , for 21 offences including possession of explosives , incitement , criminal damage , and escape from custody ( from Wikipedia ) .
His leaflets were even worse than those of the Reverend Lynda Rose .
This vile calumny , full of inaccurate allegations and written by someone wth a serious criminal record , was aimed at a deeply - principled man .
No doubt helped Nicola Blackwood to scrape in , but I can find no direct denunciation of it from Ms Blackwood .
Christians do n’t seem to be fussy about their allies .
Then there were the newspapers , in particular the Daily Telegraph .
Cristina Odone was editor of the Catholic Herald from 1991 to 1996 .
She is another ‘ good christian ’ who wrote an abominably nasty piece in the Daily Telegraph on April 19th .
The Lib Dems are a Jekyll and Hyde party .
Forget nice Mr Clegg .
What about ‘ Dr Death ’ ?
It is worth looking at it as a prime example of inaccurate , ad hominem , nastiness .
It is also worth looking at for the comments : there were a lot of comments ( thanks to an alert via Twitter ) and most of them were along the lines of this of one of the first , from the redoubtable skepchick
" Thanks for the heads up , Cristina !
Now I know to cheer for the LibDems .
I want to know that if I end up in a vegetative state , I ’m given a peaceful death rather than my own Telegraph column . "
Most importantly , read the calm , diginified and polite response from Evan Harris himself .
I have never said that that the current abortion rate is not of import ( you just made that up Christina ! ) and indeed have argued for more effective sex and relationships education as other countries manage and which also delays first sexual intercourse .
And for better access to effective contraception .
We can disagree on that too but best to have a rational discussion rather than a distortion .
I have never said “ God is bad , his followers mad ” .
You made that up again Christina !
I respect the religious view actually but believe that the state should be neutral on religion and it should not be privileged by the state above other beliefs .
My own comment took a while because of the Telegraph ’s clunky registration system .
“ This truly vile piece of writing shows all the tolerance of an Ayatollah who advocates rule by religious dogma ( well actually , of course , by his own opinions ) .
There could hardly be a worse moment to seek to impose catholic values on the rest of society .
That church , including its head , has been seem to fail to report to the police the most vile crimes .
It is in deep disgrace precisely because of its lack of moral principles .
One thing was very clear : she does n’t understand the web .
Her follow - up article seemed to think that the response was organised by Lib Den HQ !
The Lib Dems ’ spooky posse of internet pests .
Sorry , Ms Odone , but these days concerned individuals can speak up .
The Reverand Goerge Pitcher , anglican minister at St Bride ’s church , Fleet Street , was the next priest to bring disgrace on christianity with another incredibly nasty piece , again in the Telegraph , The best result of the election :
Let ’s rejoice that Lib Dem Evan Harris has lost his seat .
Again there were many hostile comments , including quite a lot from christians .
“ Speaking as a Christian , I find it amazing how many Christians are capable of being thoroughly nasty about people they dislike .
I have made a mental note that if I ever find myself seeking a church in central London , I shall avoid St Brides , Fleet St like the plague . ”
and from ex-christians
“ Dr Evan Harris is more of a doctor than either you or Nadine Dorris are “ human beings ” .
You are both spiteful , evil people , and you are exactly the sort of person that drove me to reject the Catholic Church , and ask for an official notice of my defection to be placed in the baptismal register of my parish . ”
Father Raymond
Blake is another cleric who thinks you should vote according to his interpretation of the bible .
His web site is as political as that of the christian taleban of the southern USA ,
and just about as charitable .
He too uses the " Dr Death " abuse , with no consideration of what Harris actually advocates .
How is it that christians ( and homeopaths ) can be quite so unpleasant ?
Religious people , and those with other belief systems that resemble religions are supposed , traditionally , to be warm , caring people , charitable , forgiving and selfless , That , at least is the image they like to cultivate .
Of course it has never been quite as simple as that .
Just think of the inquisition , the warring catholics and protestants and , right now , the sordid disgrace of child rape , and its cover up by the highest officials of the vatican .
Last easter , I added a bit to the 2008 diary section of this blog about why I ’m not a christian
It seems to be worth repeating here .
" When I was about 15 I went to a Summer camp which turned out to be run by christian evangelists ( my parents swore they did n’t realise that it was a brain - washing camp ) .
I was converted and became rather earnest .
Then , at 18 , I met a nurse .
Being on Merseyside , she was Irish .
And being 18 , I was rather interested in sex .
The price of sex was to go with her to mass , so of course I went .
It was Easter and they were doing the Twelve Stations of the Cross .
I still recall watching this , with mounting horror .
The priests were just enjoying it too much .
It was almost like a sado - masochistic orgy .
The priests seemed to be almost masturbating .
It was simply sick . "
I was reminded of this streak of cruelty that runs through christianity by the comment made by an aide to Tony Blair who said
“ I could n’t help feeling TB was rather relishing his first blooding as PM , sending the boys into action .
Despite all the necessary stuff about taking action ‘ with a heavy heart ’ , I think he feels it is part of his coming of age as a leader . ”
His enthusiasm for a war that has killed over 100,000 people ( and cost a small fortune ) seems sadly consistent with his catholicism ,
Despite all this , some individual religious people have done good for humankind .
Likewise proponents of magic medicine are proud of their individual caring approach and this may indeed be helpful in eliciting a good placebo response .
The problem seems to be that neither group can tolerate criticism .
They are n’t interesting in discussing anything , because they just know they are right .
And if anyone tries to express an opinion that differs from their own , the niceness vanishes like the snow in spring .
The quotations above show the downright nasty vindictiveness of religious people towards an honourable man who happens to hold somewhat different views to their own .
Likewise the cuddly homeopaths show astonishing abusive nastiness to anyone who does n’t believe in their magic .
I allow them to say what they want on this blog but they routinely delete comments .
Along with most of my scientific friends , I ’ve been subject to abuse and utterly incorrect allegations .
I do n’t enjoy it , but if its the price of free speech , so be it .
I fear that these things represent the incursion into UK politics of the extreme polarisation seen in the USA .
a place where religious people seem to think it is moral to shoot doctors who do abortions .
Some morality .
Thank you Tony Blair .
Some other blogs on this topic
Dr Aust wrote Catholicism plus writing in the Telegraph apparently makes you barking mad .
Tessera wrote Playing dirty politics .
Attacks on Dr Evan Harris
A liberal Dose ( Neil Fawcett ) wrote Extremists to the left of me , fundies to the right .
Richard Dawkins wrote Evan Harris :
Is this why he lost his seat ?
Ophelia Benson wrote three good posts ( via comment from Swiss Frank )
http://www.butterfliesandwheels.org/2010/gloating-for-britain/
http://www.butterfliesandwheels.org/2010/byrnes-on-harris-pitcher-on-pitcher/
http://www.butterfliesandwheels.org/2010/peculiar-george/and, via Butterflies and Wheels ,
Clifford Longley has trenchant comment on Platitude of the Day
Follow - up
Texas schools board rewrites US history with lessons promoting God and guns .
Chris McGreal , in the Guardian writes about the sort of thing that the clerics mentioned here might love .
Cover Orange Players Pack
Drop objects and protect your fruit from the wrath of the evil cloud in another installment of Cover Orange .
Includes a whopping 80 levels !
“ There are always trade - offs between providing comprehensive and precise granular controls and offering simple tools that may be broad and blunt , ” said Elliot Schrage , vice president for public policy at Facebook .
“ We have tried to offer the most comprehensive and detailed controls and comprehensive and detailed information about them . ”
The new opt - out settings certainly are complex .
Facebook users who hope to make their personal information private should be prepared to spend a lot of time pressing a lot of buttons .
To opt out of full disclosure of most information , it is necessary to click through more than 50 privacy buttons , which then require choosing among a total of more than 170 options .
Users must decide if they want only friends , friends of friends , everyone on Facebook , or a customized list of people to see things like their birthdays or their most recent photos .
To keep information as private as possible , users must select “ only friends ” or “ only me ” from the pull - down options for all the choices in the privacy settings , and must uncheck boxes that say information will be shared across the Web .
Facebook ’s “ Help Center ” is available to assist users , but the word count for the privacy - related FAQ adds up to more than 45,000 words .
Even if a user changes all the settings on the privacy section of the site , certain pieces of information will still be shared across the site unless a user takes further action .
For example , under the Account Settings option , in the Facebook Ads tab , two options are automatically turned on to share some information with advertising networks and friends .
Anyone who wants to keep this information private must uncheck the boxes in that tab .
Workers ’ compensation claims :
If you suffered a work injury or illness that has put you off the job , do n’t assume you will automatically qualify for Arizona workers ’ compensation benefits .
Let us show you how our certified specialists can help you maximize your workers ’ comp benefits for medical care and lost earnings .
If you suffered a work injury or illness that has put you off the job , do n’t assume you will automatically qualify for Arizona workers ’ compensation benefits .
Let us show you how our certified specialists can help you maximize your workers ’ comp benefits for medical care and lost earnings .
Veterans Affairs ( VA ) benefits :
If your claim has been unfairly denied , we can help you find the assistance you need .
If your claim has been unfairly denied , we can help you find the assistance you need .
Social Security Disability Insurance ( SSDI ) and Supplemental Security Income ( SSI ) claims :
We have a network of trusted attorneys we can refer you to for help with SSDI claims .
Jerome , Gibson , Stewart , Stevenson , Engle & Runbeck , P.C. , was founded in 1973 to help people who cannot earn a living because of an injury or disability receive the medical and compensation benefits to which they are entitled .
Backed by a record of over 40 years of success , we have become one of Arizona ’s most recognized workers ’ compensation law firms .
At our law firm , you will find experienced , certified specialists in workers ’ compensation law , certified by the State Bar of Arizona Board of Legal Specialization .
This certification requires demonstration of experience in , knowledge of and integrity in the area of workers ’ compensation .
We have represented thousands of clients with workers ’ compensation issues .
Jack White of The White Stripes has advice for aspiring musicians .
He does not recommend music games .
Advertisement
In the past , White has stated he is n't too fond of music games .
( He is fond of rocking out on his guitar ! )
Advertisement
The White Stripes have lent music to Guitar Hero 5 .
His other groups , The Raconteurs and The Dead Weather , have had their music featured in the likes of Guitar Hero : World Tour and on the Rock Band store .
When asked in a recent interview by British music publication NME what three things every new musician needs , the frontman replied , " They need to quit playing video games , throw away their Auto - Tune program and cut three strings off their guitar . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Jack
White is pretty bad ass .
Reminds me of David Bowie 's advice to young musicians : " If it itches , go see a doctor . "
Words to live by !
Advertisement
News : Jack White : ' Quit playing video games ' [ CVG ] [ Pic ]
HONG KONG —
The pain of the European debt crisis is spreading as the plummeting euro makes Chinese companies less competitive in Europe , their largest market , and complicates any move to break the Chinese currency ’s peg to the dollar .
Chinese policy makers reached a rough consensus early last month about breaking the dollar peg and letting the currency , the renminbi , rise in value somewhat , according to people close to Chinese currency policy makers .
Uncoupling the currencies would make American goods more competitive against Chinese products .
But for various reasons , China has not yet put that policy into place .
And in light of the euro ’s nose dive , such a move could be difficult .
Letting the renminbi rise against the dollar would also mean a further increase in the renminbi’s value against the euro , creating even more problems for Chinese exporters to Europe .
Politics as a Dead End , Part Two
In my last column , I discussed how Paul Krugman , under the pretense of debunking libertarianism , inadvertently made an argument for anarchy .
Krugman argued that you ca n’t have a genuinely libertarian legal regime , in which corporate bad actors are strictly liable for all damages they cause , because the corporate - bought politicians wo n’t cooperate .
A libertarian legal regime that depends on incorruptible politicians is a non-starter .
But even though Krugman fails to see it , this is an argument for anarchy .
If politicians are so corrupt as to protect corporate bad actors against strict liability for the full damages they cause , from what race of angels does he intend to get the politicians who will pass regulatory legislation that will enforce good corporate behavior ?
This is really a lesson for libertarians as well .
We ’ve seen , time and time again , what an uphill battle it is to try to remove special protections and subsidies from big business through the legislative process .
It is n’t just an uphill battle .
It ’s positively sisyphean : that big rock keeps almost reaching the summit , and then rolling all the way back down to the bottom .
Now , with the Rand Paul controversy , we ’re seeing the same lesson reinforced from another direction .
The media furor over his statements regarding the Civil Rights
Act ’s treatment of discrimination by private businesses illustrates another unfortunate tendency : the assumption that political action is the only way to stop something bad .
The whole discussion has been framed in terms of whether the state should “ allow ” private businesses to discriminate based on race , with the unspoken premise that answering “ yes ” means the evil should be unchecked .
As C4SS Director Brad Spangler put it , politics makes you stupid .
When libertarians focus primarily on the question of the non-aggression principle , of when force is or is not permissible , they lose sight of all the variety of ways that people will deal with one another in the kind of free society where initiation of force is tolerated from no one .
“ You do n’t get to talk about the holistic integrity of a stateless society arising from non-violent mechanisms of social normatization that cross the arbitrary topical boundaries one imposes on one ’s self when analyzing and advocating various potential state policies … .
If we take the political revolution as the abolition of the state , the social revolution has the capacity to continue indefinitely as members of society seek ever greater progressive social change through free speech , free association and other forms of market activity in a society increasingly able to afford it because of an exponential boom in prosperity .
Gender issues .
Animal rights .
Child welfare .
Poverty relief .
Education .
Culture and the arts .
Building utopia is a serious project , and abolishing the state is only the first serious step in it . ”
If I ’d been in Paul ’s place as a guest on the Rachel Maddow show , I ’d have mentioned the Imolakee Indian Workers ’ successful boycotts of assorted fast food chains , and the successes the Wal - Mart Workers ’ Association has had picketing local stores with especially bad ( even for Wal - Mart ) labor practices .
Charles Johnson of the Molinari Institute points to some more relevant examples from the civil rights movement itself .
By the time the Civil Rights Act passed , he argues , most of the heavy lifting of desegregating private businesses had already been achieved in the social realm by grass - roots organizing .
“ [ T ] he sit-ins demonstrated , without the help of Federal antidiscrimination bureaucrats , that segregation was immoral and socially unsustainable . ”
The Greensboro Woolworth ’s and all the downtown merchants in Nashville were desegregated by the middle of 1960 .
The Civil Rights
Act only ratified a fait accompli presented by the civil rights movement , a victory already achieved without any help from the state .
And the civil rights movement accomplished by changing public consciousness and shifting the terms of debate .
It changed what people were willing to accept as legitimate and what they were willing to tolerate .
Sometimes government walks it back a bit and retreats from its former repressive activities .
But the best way to get it to do so is not by lobbying it or participating in the legislative process ; it ’s to appeal to public consciousness and change what people are willing to tolerate .
Radley Balko does that every day by reporting the jackbooted SWAT team tactics used to enforce drug prohibition hundreds of times a week .
Mike Masnick and the good folks at the Electronic Frontier Foundation do it by reporting on the RIAA ’s daily thuggery against file - sharers .
The United Farm Workers do it by reporting on hellholes like Giumarra ’s grape plantations , where workers are forced to race each other in 100 degree heat to avoid being the “ slowest picker ” who gets fired that day .
And above all , the student activists did it fifty years ago by exposing the public to media images of themselves being beaten and spat upon by thugs , willingly being taken to jail , and braving the firehoses of Bull Connor .
Kingston , Jamaica ( CNN ) --
Violence in Jamaica surrounding the planned extradition to the United States of an alleged drug kingpin continued Monday , with police saying a number of people had died in an attack on the suspect 's stronghold in West Kingston .
Police would not divulge the number of casualties .
The unrest revolves around U.S. attempts to extradite suspected drug kingpin Christopher " Dudus " Coke , who was charged last year in federal court with conspiracy to distribute marijuana and cocaine and with conspiracy to illegally traffic in firearms .
Residents said government helicopters dropped explosives into the area near Coke 's stronghold , though it was not clear whether he was there .
Experts : Accused Jamaican drug lord akin to Robin Hood
The attack came after residents blocked roads in the area to restrict access to police and military .
The violence then spread to Spanish Town , about 20 minutes outside the capital , where armed thugs blocked a major road and a bridge that serves as a link between Montego Bay and Kingston , police said .
Looting occurred in downtown Kingston .
Are you there ?
Send stories and images to iReport
Monday 's unrest came the day after two police officers were killed and six others were wounded in shooting late Sunday near Norman Manley International Airport , just outside Kingston , police said .
The airport 's main entrance remained open , and flights were arriving and departing on schedule , said Paul Hall , senior vice president for operations at the Airports Authority of Jamaica .
Coke 's whereabouts were not made public .
His attorneys were to meet with the charge d'affaires officer at the U.S. Embassy in Kingston .
Coke 's attorney Don Foote said he will listen to U.S. authorities but insisted that his client should face any charges in Jamaican courts .
On Friday , Jamaican Prime Minister Bruce Golding said citizens should " allow the courts to deal with the extradition matter , " the state - run Jamaica Information Service reported .
In a statement Sunday afternoon , Golding announced an emergency meeting of his Cabinet in response to the heavy gunfire and blockades , the Jamaica Information Service said .
A state of emergency extended to the St. Andrew section of Kingston , according to the information agency .
In Washington , U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Monday that officials were watching the situation carefully .
He said the U.S. Embassy was closed Monday , which is a holiday in Jamaica , and would reopen Tuesday with limited service .
" We continue to work with the government of Jamaica collaboratively to counter illicit trafficking , " he said .
Coke was charged in August by the U.S. attorney 's office in New York , which accused him of leading an international criminal syndicate known as the Shower Posse .
" At Coke 's direction and under his protection , members of his criminal organization sell marijuana and crack cocaine in the New York area and elsewhere , and send the narcotics proceeds back to Coke and his co-conspirators , " the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency said in a release accompanying the charges .
" Coke and his co-conspirators also arm their organization with illegally trafficked firearms , " the DEA said in a statement at the time .
Coke is on the Justice Department 's list of Consolidated Priority Organization Targets , which the department says " includes the world 's most dangerous narcotics kingpins . "
The State Department issued a travel alert for Jamaica on Friday .
Journalist Kirk Abrahams contributed to this report .
What 's so funny about peace , love and understanding ?
Nothing for Israeli fans of Elvis Costello who will not see the legend perform in Tel Aviv this summer after he canceled all scheduled shows there , citing concerns over the treatment of Palestinians .
" There are occasions when merely having your name added to a concert schedule may be interpreted as a political act ... and it may be assumed that one has no mind for the suffering of the innocent , " Costello wrote on his website .
" I must believe that the audience for the coming concerts would have contained many people who question the policies of their government on settlement and deplore conditions that visit intimidation , humiliation or much worse on Palestinian civilians in the name of national security , " the statement continued .
" I hope it is possible to understand that I am not taking this decision lightly .
...
It is a matter of instinct and conscience . "
Reactions in Israel have ranged from disappointment to outrage .
Israeli Culture and Sports Minister Limor Livnat lashed out at Costello , saying : " An artist boycotting his fans in Israel is unworthy of performing here , " according to Ynetnews , the website of the Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper .
Ariana Melamed , also writing for Ynet , said that although she understood and even respected artists who chose to boycott Israel over the occupation , to pull out after the contracts had been signed and tickets had gone on sale was hypocritical .
Still outlawed by regimes around the world , Animal Farm has always been political dynamite – so much so , it was nearly never published .
Christopher Hitchens on George Orwell 's timeless , transcendent ' fairy story '
This article has been removed as our copyright has expired .
A new edition of Animal Farm is published this week by Harvill Secker ( £ 10.99 )
A woman wielding two knives went on a rampage Monday at a Target store in West Hollywood , stabbing four shoppers in an apparently random attack that left one victim in critical condition , authorities said .
Detectives from the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department are still trying to determine a reason for the attack .
Entertainment journalist Allison McNamara was shopping at the store when she encountered a screaming woman in the aisle that separates the skin care and kitchen sections .
“ She was yelling ‘ I ’m bipolar .
There ’s no witness protection program . ’ ”
McNamara said she watched helplessly as the woman plunged a knife into the upper back and shoulder of a male shopper .
He had crouched down and covered up to fend off the blows , she said .
“ You could see where the knife was going into his back .
The knife had ridges and a tag on it .
She was going as fast and strong as she could .
Four to six inches were covered in blood .
She looked like she was going to stab everyone there , ” McNamara said .
Moments later , the woman looked straight at McNamara , who immediately bolted out of the store with other shoppers and employees .
McNamara immediately sent out a Twitter message telling people what she had seen .
Authorities credited Deputy Clay Grant Jr. , who was off duty , with preventing additional casualties .
Grant was at the Target shopping for paper towels on his day off when he heard screams .
Customers began racing past him toward the exit .
“ Somebody has a knife , ” he heard someone in the crowd say .
Out of the cosmetics aisle he saw a young woman wearing a halter top and flowery pants , with a steak knife in one hand and a butcher knife in the other .
Grant , 26 , drew his Beretta service weapon and identified himself to the woman as a sheriff ’s deputy .
He demanded she drop the knives .
The woman , he said , ran down the aisle , turned and dashed past four other aisles .
“ Drop your knife ” he ordered again .
She turned , her expression blank and confused , clutching the knives .
He said he recalled his training , decided that from her distance of about 20 feet she was no danger to him , and chose not to pull the trigger .
The woman saw his gun and dropped both knives on the floor .
Grant and Target security officials restrained the woman , then handcuffed her .
Hours later , after recounting the incident to his worried mother , Grant said he did n’t feel like a hero .
“ I just come here to do my duties , ” the soft - spoken deputy said .
Authorities identified the alleged attacker as Layla Rosetta Trawick , 34 , of Antioch , Calif .
Trawick entered the store at La Brea Avenue and Santa Monica Boulevard after noon and picked up two knives , apparently merchandise from the store .
The stabbing set off a stampede of customers , authorities said .
Deputies with the sheriff ’s West Hollywood station responded after numerous 911 calls reported a gunman at the Target , Sgt. Josh Mankini said .
Officials speculate the “ gunman ” was probably Grant .
“ There was a panic in the store , ” Mankini said .
Officials praised Grant for his quick thinking , saying he might have prevented the situation from getting far worse .
“ We are exceptionally proud of Deputy Grant , ” sheriff ’s Capt .
Michael Parker said .
“ The reason why this tragic situation was n’t worse was because of the quick thinking of an armed , off - duty sheriff ’s deputy who was willing to risk his life to end this situation . ”
Four people were wounded , including a woman who was carrying a baby .
The baby was unhurt .
The most seriously injured victim was taken to Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in critical condition , officials said .
He was showing signs of improvement late Monday .
L.A. County Sheriff ’s Department spokesman Steve Whitmore said Trawick is being held at the West Hollywood Sheriff ’s Station jail on $ 1 - million bond .
Store security cameras captured the attack , but the footage is not being released .
andrew.blankstein@latimes.com
robert.faturechi@latimes.com
Move over , Four Seasons !
A new building concept takes its design cues from ad hoc
disaster shelters and can transform into just about anything including
yes , a swanky hotel !
Like you ’re slumming it , but with turndown
service !
The designers , WATG , call it pop-up hospitality .
You
know , like pop -up shops ,
pop -up cafes , and , of course , pop -up relief
shelters .
Modular units , which they say resemble prisms ( and we say resemble
melting ice cubes ) , are pre-fabricated with plumbing , lighting fixtures ,
and furnishings , so you can throw them up in a snap .
Then , you can
configure them any which way : as spas , salons , guestrooms , mini-homes ,
restaurants , bars , tented villas , you name it !
If a rich person wants
it , they can do it !
WATG — the same firm that gave the
world the Venetian and
Dubai ’s Atlantis at the Palm — says their new concept is especially
well - suited to “ adventure travel and ‘ voluntourism . ' ”
We can picture
the trip brochure now : Ever wanted to visit a squalid orphanage in
Cambodia ?
Teach English to illiterate adults in Sierra Leone ?
Build straw
huts with your bare hands in Kenya ?
Now you can , in five - star comfort !
( WATG assures us that the units can be be redeployed as housing once the
tourists have cleared out .
That ’s assuming locals want to live in it . )
The Yellow Dog Contract is an honorable contract .
It states that one of the conditions of employment is that the worker agrees not to join a union .
It is no different , in principle , from the requirement that if you come visit someone in his house at his invitation , you must wear a funny hat , or agree not to associate with anyone he specifies , say , an enemy of his .
In each case , that of the firm , and the private home , the one making this " demand " is exercising his rights of free association .
He is saying , in effect , " if you want to associate with me , you must do thus and such . "
You are perfectly free to refuse to do so , but then , he will not associate with you .
He will not allow you into his home , nor agree to employ you .
But suppose you need a job ?
Is it not " unfair " that the employer will not hire you unless you give up , in advance , your rights to organize with others for better wages and working conditions ?
No ; this situation is no more illicit than if you need to go to a party , and hate to wear a funny hat but the host insists upon it .
Or demands , as the price of entry , that you not consort with his enemies .
After all , it is his house .
We all assert our rights of free association through implicit " threats " of this sort .
The wife says to the husband , " If you gamble away our money , I ’ll leave you . "
The husband may say to the wife , " If you run around with other men , I ’ll divorce you . "
The customer says to the shop - keeper , " If you give me a bad product , you ’ll never see me in here again . "
The restaurant owner says to his diners , " If you ca n’t behave yourself , I ’ll have to ask you to leave . "
Free association is a crucially important element of liberty .
Without the right to associate with those we ( mutually ) choose , we are in effect and to that extent , slaves .
The only thing wrong with slavery was that the slave could not quit .
He was forced to " associate " with the slave master against his will .
But the principle is the same with the Yellow Dog Contract .
When it is banned , the employer is compelled to associate with a potential union member .
To force him to do so is to coerce an innocent man .
It is to violate his right to freely associate with others on a voluntary basis .
The argument for doing so is that without unions , wages would plummet to whatever low levels the " generosity " of employers would yield .
But nothing could be further from the truth .
Wages are , rather , determined on the basis of ( marginal revenue ) productivity , which in turn stems from how hard and smart we work , and with the cooperation of how much and of what quality capital equipment .
Wages were rising long before the advent of unions in the early part of the 20th century , in industries ( computers , banking , insurance , baby sitting , lawn mowing ) and countries ( Hong Kong , Singapore , Taiwan ) without any such labor organizations .
Labor unions reached their apex decades ago , and now account for single digits in the private sector ; during this sharp decrease in the proportion of workers " protected " by organized labor , wages catapulted .
No , labor organizations are instead an economic tape - worm , infesting firms and eating away their substance .
It is no accident that what is now the " rust belt " in the northeastern quadrant of the country is the most heavily unionized sector of the nation , and suffered the greatest degree of plant closings when they were trying to suck the blood of entrepreneurs .
Nor is it any puzzle that the south , the least unionized part of the country , became one of the fastest growing areas .
Parasitical labor organizations in the coal - fields were also responsible for the economic devastation of West Virginia .
Are unions per se illegitimate ?
No .
If all they do is threaten mass quits unless their demands are met , they should not be banned by law .
But as a matter of fact , not a one of them limits itself in this manner .
Instead , in addition , they threaten the person and property not only of the owner , but also of any workers ( they call them " scabs " ) who attempt to take up the wages and working conditions spurned by the union .
They also favor labor legislation that compels the owner to deal with the union , when he wishes to ignore these workers and hire the " scabs " instead .
The Yellow Dog Contract , in addition to safeguarding employer and employee rights of free association , also serves as a remedy against union inflicted economic disarray and violence against innocent people and their property .
Long live the Yellow Dog Contract .
Bring it back .
Now .
The Best of Walter E. Block
Winnie mouth , pussy and ass Boss finds his gorgeous assistant fucking with a black guy in his study .
Huh , slut , you fucked with him and never gave your pussy to me !
Thus , this Hungarian MILF has to reimburse his moral and physical loss by double penetration , anal , double blowjob and eating sperm from two dongs .
Winnie has to give her asshole and mouth to make everybody happy !
Enjoy the most exciting story about a sexy secretary !
Winnie at DP Fanatics
Pornstar Videos
PornStars & Centerfolds Romanum Free Babes
Free Pornstars Gallery
It seems more and more likely that missing Florida - based comics writer , and Thundercats TV show scripter , Stephen Perry has died as a result of foul play .
According to Tampa Bay ’s St. Petersburg Times , deputies recently found a severed body part close to where Perry ’s van was abandoned at a Quality Inn in Tampa .
The police are also holding Perry ’s two roommates as “ persons of interest . ”
The pair , James and Roxanne Davis , are a married couple with criminal histories .
According to Tampa Bay ’s Fox 13 , detectives were first alerted to the possibility of a problem after relatives apparently called expressing concern that they had difficulty contacting one or more of the trio living at Perry ’s house in Zephyrhills , Florida .
It seems that Perry , 56 , had vanished after leaving a hospital where he was being treated for cancer .
On Sunday , May 17 , police received a 911 call about a foul - smelling van which had been parked for days at the Quality Inn .
When they arrived at the scene they found the severed body part ( Fox 13 is claiming that investigators have stated the part to be a man ’s severed arm ) .
The police then accompanied Perry ’s ex-girlfriend , and the mother of his five - year - old son , to his house in Zephyrhills which had been ransacked .
Last Friday , Perry ’s roommates were arrested on unrelated charges .
The St. Petersburg Times has reported that Captain Robert McKinney of the Zephyrhills Police Department said the Davises are “ people of interest ” in Perry ’s disappearance and possible murder .
( McKinney refused to say whether the severed body part belonged to Perry . )
The Times further updated the story today by publishing a jail interview with James Davis in which he insists he last saw Perry at a flea market .
In addition , Davis stated that both he and Perry were addicted to Oxycontin .
Perry is best known for his writing work on the ‘ 80s TV shows Thundercats and Silverhawks .
But he has also penned many comics , often in collaboration with his longtime friend , and legendary Swamp Thing artist , Steve Bissette .
In recent times , Perry hit hard times , due to his cancer diagnosis and financial problems .
He received assistance from both Bissette , who issued an appeal for help on his behalf , and the Hero Initiative , a non–profit that provides aid to comic creators .
In a video interview posted by the Hero Initiative just over a week ago , Perry recalled how he was , at one point , “ basically homeless , living in my vehicle with my five - year - old son .
We had no place to live , no money , no food , no nothing .
[ The Hero Initiative ] interceded and enabled me to get a home , get the electric turned on , get the water turned on , and go from there .
They really saved my life . ”
Those who would like to learn more about Perry should check out a couple of articles that Steve Bissette posted over the weekend which look back at his friend ’s career .
Significantly , Bissette noted that the a recent “ grueling surgery ” had “ awakened Steve to a new sense of self - worth and appetite for life that he had n’t expressed in over two decades . ”
However , the artist also ruminated on how Perry ’s “ lifestyle during his last 20 years constantly put him in the proximity of sketchy characters , and I fear that blindspot … has taken terrible toll .
Perhaps , I fear , the ultimate toll . ”
Let the boring couple , KeropokMan and KopiKosongGirl show you around ' Boring ' Singapore .
When your family 's safety and security is at stake , here 's how Monarch sets itself apart .
If you are considering Assisted Living , Home Care could be a more affordable alternative
Let us show you how we can help .
From a few hours a week to 24 hour care .
Caring for friends as if they were family
For years , Monarch Senior Care has been providing the best in home care to the greater McHenry County area .
Whether you 're looking for Live - In Caregivers or occasional come - and - go caregiving services , no one does more to ensure your family 's safety and security than Monarch !
But do n't take our word for it .
We encourage you to visit Caring.com and compare our reviews to those of our competition .
The voices of our clients speak far louder than we ever could .
So , when your family needs a caregiver , give them a caregiver from Monarch Senior Care .
The friendly , safe , affordable senior care company right in your neighborhood .
Next year 's budget allocates $ 159,000,000,000 to " contingency operations , " to perpetuate the occupations of Afghanistan and Iraq .
That ’s enough money to eliminate federal income taxes for the first $ 35,000 of every American 's income each year , and beyond that , leave over $ 15 billion that would cut the deficit .
So let 's do that instead .
You people are clearly talented , and clearly bored .
Our contest will continue through tomorrow , and we 'll keep adding new submissions until then , but here 's a look at the early competition .
( UPDATE : We have a winner ! )
Advertisement
By commenter " jxmitchell "
Advertisement
By Leroy Corso of CarolinaSucks.com
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
By commenter " BidwellBowtie "
Advertisement
By commenter " apd09 "
Advertisement
By Frank
Advertisement
By Andy
Advertisement
By commenter " Tyreeeeeli "
Advertisement
By commenter " Reggie 's Nephew "
Advertisement
By commenter " With Ferentz Like These ... "
Advertisement
By Betsy
Advertisement
By Darryl
Advertisement
By commenter " apd09 "
Advertisement
By Alex , of The Sports Geeks
Advertisement
By commenter " urabi "
Advertisement
By Tim
Advertisement
By commenter " With Ferentz Like These ... "
Advertisement
By Christian
Advertisement
By commenter " VonKaiserSoze "
Advertisement
By Alex , of The Sports Geeks
Advertisement
By commenter " Ted Williams "
Advertisement
By Douglas
Advertisement
By commenter " Reggie 's Nephew "
Advertisement
By Gordon
Advertisement
By commenter " donoley "
Advertisement
By commenter " tardville "
Advertisement
By Darryl
Advertisement
By commenter " Threat Level : Midnight "
Advertisement
By commeter " urabi "
Advertisement
By commenter " apd09 "
Advertisement
By commenter " wrecking_ball "
Advertisement
By commenter " HebrewHammer "
Advertisement
By commenter " apd09 "
Advertisement
By BJ
Advertisement
By Ryan
Advertisement
By Alex
Advertisement
By Chris
Advertisement
By Leroy Corso of CarolinaSucks.com
Advertisement
By McLeanTheDream
Advertisement
By commenter " MajerleAndMe "
Advertisement
By William
Advertisement
By commenter " wrecking_ball "
Advertisement
By Chris
Advertisement
By McLeanTheDream
Advertisement
By Tim
Advertisement
By commenter " The Second Spitter "
Advertisement
By commenter " MMonte "
Advertisement
By commenter " MMonte "
Advertisement
By commenter " Don Nelson 's Kicks "
Advertisement
By commenter " eRoCx "
Advertisement
By commenter " eRoCx "
Advertisement
By commenter " eRoCx "
Advertisement
By commenter " eRoCx "
Advertisement
By Geoff
Advertisement
By commenter " TheSunNeverSetsOnThunderDan "
Advertisement
By Bucktown Skins Fan
Advertisement
By commenter " donoley "
Advertisement
By Mark
Advertisement
By Tim
Advertisement
By commenter " CurseOfBobbyLane "
Advertisement
By commenter " BidwellBowtie "
Advertisement
By commenter " Pedro Cuatro Cinco "
Advertisement
By commenter " TheSunNeverSetsOnThunderDan "
Advertisement
By commenter " Peter Nincompoop "
Advertisement
By commenter " CurseOfBobbyLane "
Advertisement
By commenter " cbag "
Advertisement
By Topher
Advertisement
By Brett
Advertisement
By Frank
Advertisement
By commenter " TheRealNickBrophy "
Advertisement
By commenter " cbag "
Advertisement
By commenter " KareemCheese "
Advertisement
By Mark
Advertisement
By commenter " The Shotgun from Resident Evil 2 "
Advertisement
By Mutton Chop Yaz
Advertisement
By Mutton Chop Yaz
Advertisement
By commenter " I slept with your wife "
Advertisement
By commenter " TheRealNickBrophy "
Advertisement
By commenter " Donnie_Iris "
Advertisement
By Adam
Advertisement
By Adam
Advertisement
By commenter " TheRealNickBrophy "
Advertisement
By commenter " Captain_Lou "
Advertisement
By commenter " TheRealNickBrophy "
Advertisement
By Joe
Advertisement
By Joe
Advertisement
By commenter " McLeanThe Dream "
Advertisement
By commenter " CurseOfBobbyLane "
Advertisement
By commenter " TheRealNickBrophy "
Advertisement
By commenter " TheRealNickBrophy "
Advertisement
By commenter " TheRealNickBrophy "
Advertisement
By commenter " TheRealNickBrophy "
Advertisement
By Monica
Advertisement
By Brett
Advertisement
By Mutton Chop Yaz
Advertisement
By Mutton Chop Yaz
Advertisement
By commenter " TheSunNeverSetsOnThunderDan "
Advertisement
By commenter " cbag "
Advertisement
By commenter " Rod Beck 's Bolero "
Advertisement
By commenter " The_nutshot_heard_round_the_world "
Advertisement
By Christopher
Advertisement
By commenter " Pulp Friction "
Advertisement
By commenter " TheRealNickBrophy "
In the days before the First Amendment , when a guy wanted to get something off his chest but could n't risk his own well - being saying anything too controversial , he wrote an anonymous letter and got it published .
For Benjamin Franklin and numerous other revolutionaries , the medium was a perfect one .
Today , the anonymous letter is back .
A few days ago , a nasty , unsigned letter surfaced on the blogs of Wall Street and quickly went viral .
You should read the missive yourself , but essentially , some banker / trader / finance type took time of out his very busy day to warn Main Street of his imminent arrival into the ranks of the working class .
The letter cautioned that because of our unwarranted meddling in his industry , we 're going to lose our cushy " $ 85 k a year " jobs to him and all his financial friends .
We 'll lose our " 4 month " vacation privileges , the superfluous bathroom breaks that we take , and our swollen , blue - collar benefit packages .
Naturally , Wall Street folk do n't require such frivolities , he says , but they 'll gladly take them ( or assist in their elimination ) if they 're forced to work our jobs .
In jest or not , if this tirade is at all representative of what bankers think of their fellow countrymen , it 's quite clear why there is such a gaping intellectual divide between Wall Street and Main Street .
The individual who composed this letter had the good sense not to sign it .
An ignorant , melodramatic diatribe like this one is precisely the type of rant that would get a person fired .
I am typically not one to dignify this type this letter with a response of my own .
But ... hey , an anonymous letter just showed up on my computer screen .
I think I 'll share it with you .
Dear Joe Wall Street :
Allow me to be the first person to welcome you to the Proletariat !
Let me bring you up to speed .
To start , what planet do you come from ?
A job with an $ 85,000 salary and pension , four months of paid time off , and all the other blue - collar perks that you claim exist sounds great , but you 're so far off from the life of the average American that I have to question your sobriety .
I know $ 85,000 does n't sound like much to you .
After all , last year , the average employee at Morgan Stanley ( NYSE : MS ) pulled in over $ 235,000 a year , at JPMorgan Chase ( NYSE : JPM ) $ 380,000 , and at Goldman Sachs ( NYSE : GS ) more than $ 498,000 .
But the typical American family -- husband and wife combined -- actually survives on just $ 50,000 , according to the most recent Census data .
And that number has n't changed much since 1999 , even while average bonuses rose 10 - fold between 1985 and 2006 , according to the New York State Comptroller 's Office .
Lower pay is part of life in America these days -- for everyone except you , that is .
Next , do you really think we wo n't fight back when you try to take our jobs , as you suggest ?
Years of off - shoring has forced us to become quite accustomed to competition .
Recent surveys suggest that between 10 % and 20 % of American workers maintain more than one job to pay the bills .
Only two - thirds even take all of the paltry 10 work days of vacation allotted to them .
Plus , down here , there 's no expense account , corporate car , free meals , or slush funds to tap .
Next , you operate under the bizarre assumption that the normal world relies on your seven - figure " bonuses " to function normally .
But just how many of our nation 's " cushy middle - class jobs " do you think are dedicated toward popping the corks of your champagne bottles , sweeping the floors of your Hamptons estates , and holding the mirror while you gel your hair in the morning ?
The reality is that no one here relies on your munificence .
Our nation 's stagnant per capita income and growing wealth divide should make that obvious .
In fact , when this country 's collective wealth was at its greatest , bankers had little more responsibility than to hold onto our money until we wanted it .
Since then , you 've grown like an aggressive cancer feeding off our prosperity .
It 's high time you realize that whether or not it hurts your feelings , you will no longer have that kind of unchecked autonomy .
Which leads me to my last point :
What makes you think you could even survive in the real world ?
What exactly do you do well ?
Your own people acknowledge your uselessness .
Jeremy Grantham believes that you " add nothing but costs . "
Paul Volcker believes that the best thing your business has produced in the last 25 years is the ATM machine .
Jack Bogle ... well , you do n't want to know what Jack Bogle thinks .
Even in the best of times , 85 % of professional money managers still can't beat a simple market index .
Your business has a long and well - documented history of failing to provide value .
Honestly , I 'm not sure I even want you doing something as complex as mowing my lawn .
With the seemingly perverse attitude with which you view the world , I certainly do n't want you within 500 yards of my kids ' schools , let alone teaching at them .
Your arrogance , your lack of a moral compass , and your incompetence spell out only one thing to me :
You 're unemployable .
Here 's an idea to consider :
Rather than infiltrate our lowly jobs , why do n't you take that huge brain of yours and that renowned work ethic and become an engineer or a scientist or a doctor and actually create something of value ?
It would probably be more fun , potentially more lucrative , and you 'd finally develop something that you could be proud of .
We might even respect you for it .
In closing , I encourage you more than anything else to purchase some class with that swollen bank account of yours .
I know you 're feeling short in the wallet right now , but sheesh , this is embarrassing .
Even your co-workers are pretending they do n't know you .
Yours in jest ,
Nick Kap -- , er , Joe Fool
What makes the new Street Fighter IV " super , " you ask ?
In case you have n't yet played Capcom 's revamped fighter , it features many online multiplayer modes , an updated roster and better fighter balancing .
But as infomercial guru Ron Popeil says " But wait , there 's more ! "
We spoke to Seth Killian , Capcom 's " special advisor " on Super Street Fighter IV , to reveal five things you did n't know about the franchise , characters and new game on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 .
-- Dhalsim has a grudge against Balrog the boxer .
In Dhalsim 's original Street Fighter II background , you see six elephants trumpeting in the background .
According to canon , the second elephant on the right is Dhalsim 's pet elephant .
The best friend of Dhalsim 's pet elephant was killed by Balrog while he was practicing his " gigaton punch " technique , and the two have been sworn enemies ever since .
-- With his blonde hair and Californian love of convertibles , Ken is known as the all - American Street Fighter , but he 's actually three - quarters Japanese .
The blonde hair ?
He dyes it .
-- Hitting down , hard punch and hard kick in Super Street Fighter IVcauses Guile to bust out his mirrored aviator sunglasses that he took off in his pre-fight intro animation .
Once they 're on , he will wear them for the rest of the round .
The move does n't affect Guile 's moves , but it adds a +10 to his awesome quotient .
-- The Final Fight and Street Fighter universes have a long - standing and mysterious connection .
The game we now know as Final Fight was originally titled Street Fighter 89 , and Street Fighter favorites Guy , Cody , Rolento , Sodom , Maki , and Hugo all made their first appearance in the Final Fight series .
Chun Li and Guile both had cameos in Final Fight 2 .
A statue of Mike Haggar , mayor of Final Fight 's Metro City , can be seen in the background of the Construction Area stage in Super Street Fighter IV , and one of Zangief 's alternate costumes bears a striking resemblance to Haggar 's outfit .
-- Ken is Guile 's brother - in - law .
Ken and Guile 's wives ( Eliza and Jane , respectively ) are sisters !
By Marc Saltzman
Sol Campbell is ready to ignore more lucrative offers from other Premier League clubs and sign a one - year contract at Arsenal , having convinced Arsène Wenger , the manager , that he merits a new deal at the club .
Wenger has decided that he wants to keep the 35 - year - old centre - half , after watching him produce a commanding performance at Tottenham Hotspur last month .
Campbell has maintained his form in Arsenal 's three subsequent games and he hopes to finish the season in fine personal style against Fulham on Sunday , before sitting down with the club to commit his future .
Campbell had previously struggled for Arsenal , whom he rejoined on a short - term contract in January , having not played top - level football since last May .
He had left Portsmouth for League Two Notts County over the summer , only to walk away after one appearance .
But the game at Tottenham , one of his former clubs , for which he was fiercely motivated , marked the turning point and Wenger has resolved to reward him , mindful also that his experience and influence in the dressing - room are important .
Wenger looks increasingly likely to lose one of his first - choice centre - halves , William Gallas , on a Bosman free transfer because the club cannot agree a new contract with him .
Mikaël Silvestre , meanwhile , is expected to be released when his deal expires at the end of the season and to lose Campbell as well would gravely weaken his central defensive options .
Gallas , who has missed the end of the season because of a calf injury , has held out for at least a two - year contract extension only for Wenger to offer him one year , with the performance - related option of a second .
Gallas has grown increasingly disillusioned and he is likely to leave , with Paris St - Germain , Gallas 's home - town club , favourites to sign him .
This is a game about brutally murdering the lower classes of a city , those who are trod upon constantly by their societal “ betters . ”
It ’s a game that invites you to enjoy the slaughter of the poor and the mistreated .
Olaf Breuning
* 1970 in Schaffhausen ( CH ) , nach der Berufsausbildung zum Fotografen Diplomabschluss an der Fachhochschule für Kunst und Gestaltung Zürich ( HGKZ ) .
Lebt und arbeitet in Zürich und New York .
Olaf Breuning setzt sich seit Beginn seiner Karriere mit dem
Thema des perfekten und monströsen Körpers auseinander und untersucht die gängigen Vorstellungen von Männlichkeit und Weiblichkeit .
FIRST INSTALLMENT OF THREE - PART NIER COMIC RELEASED ON GAME’S OFFICIAL WEB SITE
Free Download Tells Previously Hidden Story Details About the Fall of Humanity , Birth of “ The Black Scrawl ”
LOS ANGELES ( April 16 , 2010 ) – Square Enix has released the first installment of the three - part comic book based on NIER , the mysterious and intriguing upcoming action - RPG that has been shrouded in mystery since its announcement last year .
The NIER comic will introduce gamers to the back story and mythology behind NIER , which ( is ) set to release on April 27 for PlayStation ®3 computer entertainment system and the Xbox 360® video game and entertainment system from Microsoft .
The comic is now available as a free download the game ’s official website at http://na.niergame.com/.
Storytelling and shocking surprises play a critical role in the experience of playing NIER , and details of the tale have been vigorously shrouded in secrecy to protect spoilers , with only broad descriptions and tantalizing tidbits revealed in game previews .
The comic book series represents gamers ’ first opportunity to discover a few of the plot points behind the next great story from Square Enix .
In the first edition of the comic book , title character Nier and his companions are in search of a Shade that is terrorizing a local village .
Grimoire Weiss — a floating and talking tome of the darkest , most arcane type – spins a tale to pass the time , speaking of terrible disease , sinister magicians , and tortured souls torn asunder .
As the group continues their search for survivors to rescue from the terrorizing Shade , they discover pieces of their own past , pieces that led to the fall of humanity , the crumbling of our global society and the emergence of epic disease and horrific monsters .
The remaining two installments of the NIER comic book , which will delve even deeper into the mysterious underpinnings of the game ’s story and setting , will be released during the next three weeks .
NIER will be available April 27 in North America .
For more information , or to view the comic on your computer , please visit http://na.niergame.com/.
There is no convincing proof that utility - scale wind plants reduce fossil fuel consumption or CO 2 emissions .
Although there are are a number of reports claiming gains can be made that will combat climate change , free us from fossil fuel “ addiction , ” provide energy independence and needed 21st century industrial development , such reports are not substantiated by definitive and comprehensive analyses .
To determine the actual effects will require long - term time series , at intervals significantly less than one hour , of wind production and fuel consumption due to fast ramping of fossil fuel plants to compensate for wind ’s volatility in an electricity system where wind represents approximately at least 1 - 2 % of production .
As opposed to wind proponents ’ claims , studies based on actual experience with wind integration are emerging that demonstrate the fossil fuel and CO 2 emissions gains are not valid .
The two reviewed here are examples but are limited by the lack of availability of complete information on operational performance , especially of wind plants .
Fortunately , enough information can be gleaned that provides a strong indication of what those who have studied this objectively have long suspected .
Why is more complete information about wind performance and integration not available ?
Is it because wind proponents , including some policy makers and wind industries , do not want the realities disclosed , or , in the case of many environmentalist organizations , because they would interrupt established agendas ?
Or is it that these groups believe it unnecessary because they do not understand the realities of utility - scale wind power ?
Two New Studies : le Pair / de Groot ( Netherlands ) and Bentek ( Colorado , Texas )
The two studies reviewed were released this year and show increases in fossil fuel or CO 2 emissions with the introduction of wind plants .
The first is based on the Netherlands experience by C. le Pair and K. de Groot , and the second for Colorado and Texas by Bentek Energy .
Their findings will be compared to each other , as well as to results from my fossil fuel and CO 2 emissions calculator .
The analytical approaches taken by le Pair and de Groot , Bentek and the calculator are different , but the results are very similar .
This is therefore a very revealing and instructive exercise .
Le Pair and de Groot take a very analytical path and apply the formulas they derived to published information on the Netherlands system , for which some actual information on fossil fuel inputs for electricity production is available .
Bentek uses detailed information on increases in coal - plant cycling since the introduction of wind plants , along with the impact of wind “ events ” on reported emissions .
Because the Public Service Company of Colorado ( PSCO ) does not publish hourly wind production , Bentek is restricted to a few such events , from which they draw general conclusions for Colorado .
To validate the Colorado findings , Bentek uses the same analysis approach for Texas with information from the Electricity Reliability Council of Texas ( ERCOT ) , which reports wind production at 15 minute intervals .
This not only provides validation of the PSCO analysis , but also conveniently adds experience from a third jurisdiction .
The calculator is a general model of the interaction between an amount of wind generation in an electricity system and the fossil fuel plants ( coal and gas ) involved in balancing wind ’s volatility .
Summary of Results
This is the first in a four part series that analyzes and compares the findings of these studies with each other and to the calcualtor .
Briefly , the results are :
The Netherlands
Le Pair and de Groot show that when the entire fossil fuel fleet efficiency is reduced by about 2 % due to the presence of wind , the fossil fuel consumption saving is zero .
This is the calculated efficiency reduction in the fossil fuel fleet for the Netherlands for a wind penetration of about 3 % based on the published fossil fuel input and electricity production information .
Their conclusions include the following :
The use of wind energy for electricity generation in combination with the requirement for fossil fuel powered stations to compensate for wind fluctuations can easily lead to loss of the expected saving in fuel use and CO2 emission .
In addition , the conventional stations will be subject to accelerated wear and tear .
It is recommended to get an accurate and quantitative insight into these extra effects before society sets out to apply wind energy on a large scale .
All producers must be required to publish data on the efficiency effects and fuel use when wind energy is added on .
Colorado and Texas
The study by Bentek Energy , aptly named “ How Less Became More : Wind , Power and Unintended Consequences in the Colorado Energy Market , ” is a ground - breaking analysis of the effects of the introduction of wind power into electricity systems .
The study is based on actual results for the PSCO system in Colorado and ERCOT in Texas and their overarching conclusion is that there are unintended consequences to the implementation of Renewable Portfolio Standards ( RPS ) .
One of the key findings is :
Contrary to their stated goals , implementation of RPS in Colorado and Texas appear to be adding to the air pollution problem , especially in areas where older plants are cycled more frequently .
Calculator
The fossil fuel and CO2 emissions calculator was applied to each of the jurisdictions studied and shows similar results .
In each case an explanation of the calculator input parameters is provided .
Comparison of Results
The congruence of results from these three different approaches is a convincing confirmation of the questionable value of new alternative energy sources , especially wind , in an electricity system .
RPS programs , and similar initiatives to encourage new renewables , should be withheld until such time as objective and comprehensive evaluations can be made in a completely transparent manner about the real benefits .
Part II will provide more details on the Netherlands study and Parts III and IV for the Bentek study on Colorado and Texas respectively .
At the end of last week I talked about the genesis of the Choose Your Own Adventure books .
Doing that research I stumbled across a bunch of my old books as well as a bunch of other books from Demian ’s Gamebook Website that were , to say the least , wacky .
I had forgotten some of the books even existed .
It is amazing all of the different zany and offbeat stories and book covers you can find in all of these books .
Today , let ’s take a look at 10 of the strangest and most awesome Choose Your Own Adventure books .
( via Demian ’s Gamebooks )
# 63 Mystery of the Secret Room ( 1986 ) – Could they have come up with a more boring or generic name ?
How about Secret of the Mystery Room ?
Room of the Mystery Secret ?
And is it just me or does this cover look familiar ?
Maybe JK
Rowling borrowed this title for her second Potter book and the artwork for her third Potter book .
Generic mystery / secret + noun titles abound in this series .
Check out # 141 The Secret of Mystery Hill .
# 155 Ninja Cyborg ( 1995 ) – Yes , AWESOME !
I do n’t see how the story could live up to the bad ass title and cover but I give Jay Leibold credit for totally going there .
A cyborg that is also a ninja .
This exists and it is bad ass .
Question :
Am I the ninja cyborg or am I fighting the ninja cyborg ?
Points taken away if I ’m fighting the ninja cyborg , but points given back if I ’m also a bad ass ninja master .
Who ’s the dude in the blue tights in the background ?
( via Demian ’s Gamebooks )
# 41 Search for Mountain Gorillas ( 1985 ) –
When I ’m grabbing a book for a choose your own adventure , the last thing I want to read about is the majestic mountain gorilla .
Unless , of course , said gorilla is a super strong mutant gorilla that has gone insane and started murdering a bunch of campers and / or scientists .
THAT is a gorilla I want to read about .
Unfortunately , this is not the case here .
This is , essentially , the novelization to the movie Gorillas in the Mist starring Sigourney Weaver .
And I can not fathom ever wanting to read that .
EVER .
# 159 Tatoo of Death ( 1995 ) –
Is the tattoo itself deadly or just the fact that you have it ?
Look at the book cover .
Some dude in a wife beater and sunglasses pushes you off a dock right on top of a shark .
Did the dude see you had the “ tattoo of death ” and just decide to push you in the water to fulfill the prophecy ?
Why is that shark so close to the dock ?
WTF is going on ?!
( Via Demian ’s Gamebooks )
# 17 The Race Forever ( 1983 ) – How do you win a race that never ends ?
And if the race never ends , how can the book end ?
I guess it can’t , so do n’t read this book otherwise you ’ll be reading FOREVER .
( via Demian ’s Gamebooks )
# 40 The Throne of Zeus ( 1985 ) – Why is Zeus not actually sitting in the “ throne of Zeus ” ?
And why is Zeus gently massaging the shoulders of a young boy that is sitting in the “ throne of Zeus ” ?
( via Demian ’s Gamebooks )
# 15 House of Danger ( 1982 ) – So the “ House of Danger ” looks more like the “ House of Insanely Random Things ” .
In the book cover on the left , is that a psychotic Robert E Lee ?
Are those mutant gorillas ( one can only hope ) ?
Is that a stagecoach on the bottom ?
What the hell ?
And the cover on the right .
Is that a burning building ( no house ? ) surrounded by monkeys ( no mutant gorillas ? ) dressed in prison stripes ( huh ) ?
Is everything being eaten by a Venus Fly Trap ?!
WHAT IS GOING ON ?!
( via Demian ’s Gamebooks )
# 107 Fight for Freedom ( 1990 ) – This book is called “ Fight for Freedom ” and it depicts a young boy on the cover possibly fleeing from an older , male priest and an exploding house .
I ’m not sure where else I can go that this book cover has n’t already taken you .
( via Demian ’s Gamebooks )
# 6 Your Code Name is Jonah ( 1980 ) – Jonah ?
Why ca n’t my code name be Blade , or Spike or Shark ?
It ’s gotta be Jonah ?
Ugh .
And I notice there ’s a whale on the cover .
Is that just a fun call back to the story of Jonah and the whale or is there going to be an actual , live whale in the story ?
And why am I caring at this point ?
# 45 You Are A Shark ( 1985 ) – Bad. Ass .
Yes , I want to turn into a shark like Manimal .
Short and to the point , I do n’t even need the sweet illustration of the kid actually turning into a shark .
But I like it .
Share this post :
Share this post : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
( CNN ) -- Rock singer Bret Michaels had another health setback this week when doctors found a hole in his heart that they think caused him to suffer a warning stroke , his publicist said .
Michaels , 47 , may still be able to appear on the season finale of the reality show " Celebrity Apprentice " on Sunday , his doctor said .
The announcement did not say whether Michaels ' plan to resume touring with his rock band May 28 will be changed .
The singer felt the left side of his body growing numb this week , prompting him to return to the Phoenix , Arizona , hospital that treated him for a massive brain hemorrhage a month ago , a statement from the publicist said .
His doctors concluded that Michaels had suffered a transient ischemic attack , which they said is a warning stroke , that was prompted by a patent foramen ovale , a hole in his heart , she said .
Dr. Joseph Zabramski , the neurosurgeon who treated his brain hemorrhage , said , " The positive patent foramen ovale is devastating news . "
Zabramski said , " The good news is that it is operable and treatable , and we think we may have diagnosed the problem that caused the transient ischemic attack , or warning stroke . "
The heart problem was probably not related to Michaels ' brain hemorrhage , he said .
" I realize Bret wants to make a full recovery so that he can be active with his family , attempt to attend the finale of ' Celebrity Apprentice ' and especially get back on the road to continue making music , " Zabramski said .
More medical tests are needed to determine what happens next , he said .
" For now , Bret will be treated with outpatient care , which includes a daily injection of Lovenox [ a blood thinner to reduce the chance of blood clots ] and blood tests , " he said .
Janna Elias , Michaels ' representative , said the rocker is in good spirits despite the latest medical report .
" He is up , walking , talking , continuing his daily rehab and very happy to be alive , but he has made it clear he is sick and tired of being in the hospital and is ready to rock again , " Elias said .
Michaels is the lead singer for the ' 80s glam - metal " hair band " Poison .
He became a reality TV star by headlining the VH1 show " Rock of Love With Bret Michaels . "
He has also appeared on " Celebrity Apprentice . "
His Roses & Thorns tour with the Bret Michaels Band was interrupted when the singer was stricken by an excruciating headache on April 22 .
Doctors at the Barrow Neurological Institute diagnosed him with a rupture in his brain , but they never pinpointed the cause .
Michaels was released from the hospital 12 days later with orders to rest .
I 've always loved Haruki Murakami 's story about the destruction of the animals in a zoo in Manchukuo , occupied Manchuria , by Japanese soldiers at the end of WW2 .
Well , below is Jack Shenker 's report on the destruction of animals in the Gaza Zoo , from Guernica Magazine .
Read Shenker 's whole piece , it 's great and precise , the way this is .
The photo is by Jason Larkin .
Gaza Zoo opened in 2005 and used to attract up to a thousand
visitors daily before the war .
“ It ’s school groups mainly , ” says
assistant zookeeper Saleem Bedowi .
“ The children need this sort of
leisure activity to distract them from the troubles they face in their
daily lives . ”
Populated largely with birds , monkeys , reptiles , and farm
animals smuggled through Egyptian border tunnels , the zoo was occupied
by Israeli forces following the start of the ground invasion .
Nearly
all of its occupants now lie dead .
Many of the creatures on display were hit by missile attacks during
the opening days of the war , including the zoo ’s pregnant camel .
Others
succumbed to starvation as the war dragged on ; the presence of Israeli
troops on the premises prevented the zookeepers from reaching the
animals and feeding them .
A few , including one horse , appear to have
been shot dead by soldiers at point - blank range .
Those that survived
the conflict did so by eating the corpses of their brothers and
sisters .
“ When the Israelis withdrew and I finally made it back inside ,
the only animals left alive were crazed with hunger and traumatized by
all the death around them , ” says Mr. Bedowi .
“ They are all terrified
now , even the lions . ”
Saher , a five - year - old male lion , and Sabreen , his pregnant
companion , apparently endured the chaos by feeding on the zoo ’s small
ostrich population .
When Mr. Bedowi returned to the zoo , the lions ’
enclosure was empty ; he eventually found the pair cowering in the
toilets of the zoo ’s administrative building .
Graffiti now adorns the
walls of the block , including the message “ You lost ” scrawled in Hebrew .
Europe 's Living Earth Simulator Could Forecast the Future
The goal would require gathering unprecedented amounts of information about the planet and its societies
How should we deal with denialists ?
( Image : Francis Miller / Contributor )
ENGAGING with people who doubt well - established theories is a perennial challenge .
How should we respond ?
My answer is this : let them be heard .
Examine their evidence .
Consider their interpretation .
If they have anything of substance to say , then the truth will out .
What do you do , however , with people who , after their claim has been fully discussed and thoroughly debunked , continue to make the claim anyway ?
This , of course , is where scepticism morphs into denialism .
Does there come a point when it is time to move on to other …
SCIENTISTS FROM across Europe are gathering in Kilfenora , Co Clare , this weekend hoping to catch a glimpse of one of the world ’s rarest creatures .
The Octhebius nilssoni , a tiny water beetle , is only found in two locations worldwide : the Burren and a lake in the Västerbotten province of northern Sweden .
The State ’s National Biodiversity Data Centre , which monitors Irish wildlife species , is organising the event which has attracted 30 coleopterists ( scientists who study beetles ) from Ireland , England , Germany , the Netherlands , Scotland , Spain and Sweden .
The meeting organiser , Stephen McCormack , said the new species was discovered in 1986 in Sweden by Prof Anders Nilsson .
He is among those travelling to Ireland along with British scientist , Prof Garth Foster who found the beetle in 2006 in two lakes in the Burren – Lough Gealáin and Lough Briskeen .
Mr McCormack said the “ particularly small creature , which grows to a length of just 1.5 mm , does n’t swim and needs cold , clear , well - oxygenated water in limestone lakes to survive ” and was “ especially sensitive to environmental conditions ” .
He explained that because the beetle is unknown in Britain “ it has not been given an English name ” but has been christened as the “ Ciarógín Bán ” because “ it is black with lots of white hairs ” .
The aquatic insect has been accorded the “ official ” Latin name of Octhebius nilssoni in honour of Prof Nilsson ’s discovery .
There are 250 different species of water beetle in Ireland .
Coleopterists often accord the creatures slightly jocular names such as the “ The Chummier Australian ” ( Chaetarthria seminulu ) ; “ The Artist ” ( Gyrinus urinator ) ; and “ The Wrinkled Brow ” ( Helophorus strigifrons ) .
The scientists cheerfully acknowledge that coleopterology may seem like the less glamorous branch of entomology ( the study of insects ) and accept that water beetles suffer from a “ lack of aesthetic appeal ” .
Mr McCormack said coleopterists “ occasionally get accosted by curious members of the public ” when out collecting samples .
“ A net - wielding Englishman ” was arrested in Co Galway in 1928 and mistakenly assumed to be “ obviously an escaped lunatic ” .
But Mr McCormack claimed “ we ’re not quite as odd as the butterfly chasers ” .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Saturday 8 May 2010
In this piece we wrote : " BP says you get around 28 miles extra from a tank of super - unleaded petrol . "
In fact , BP says you can get " up to " 28 miles extra .
On average , it says , the actual extra is about 13 miles per tank .
I do n't hammer down motorways .
I do n't break speed limits .
I 've never been responsible for a car accident , and never had any points on my licence .
I think of myself as a cautious , weekend - only driver ( I cycle weekdays ) who chugs along in a 10 - year - old estate car .
And like everyone else , I 'm horrified that filling up my tank sets me back more than £ 70 .
So when BP invited me to spend a day learning how to drive all over again , lose my bad habits and gain some good ones , I was sceptical .
Would it really make that much difference to my petrol consumption ?
The answer is : yes .
My first test run was in a diesel - engined Mini Cooper , and I clocked up what I thought was a respectable 39.6 miles per gallon ( mpg ) .
Yet automotive engineer Anthony Sale drove the same Mini round the same track – at Millbrook Proving Ground in Bedfordshire – completed the course faster than me , and achieved an extraordinary 63.3 mpg .
In other words , I can get 60 % better consumption , produce lower emissions and still drive faster .
What 's the secret ?
Millbrook is familiar to viewers of the BBC's Top Gear : a vast high - speed bowl for extreme vehicle testing , a five - lane motorway , hill routes and mock city streets , all security - patrolled as car manufacturers put top - secret models through their paces .
And , last week , there was me , pootling around , an Aston Martin often on my tail , and superbikes scorching past .
But back at Millbrook mission control , the computers linked to the Mini 's engine told a different story .
I was n't pootling .
I was over - revving , driving in too low a gear , accelerating and decelerating too much , and failing to react properly to road conditions .
The computer spat out its conclusion : I am a rubbish driver , I 'm wasting vast amounts of money on petrol and destroying the environment .
If I drove efficiently , I could save £ 7,734 over 10 years , and cut 16 tonnes of CO 2 emissions .
OK , that 's if I were driving 15,000 miles a year at an average cost of 119.9 p a litre , whereas I drive around 4,000 miles a year , so my savings would be lower .
But I can see the point .
So what am I – and millions of other drivers – doing wrong ?
Over-revving
I never look at the rev counter – but Sale tells me I 'm letting the rev count go too high before I change gear .
He says I 'm not alone – drivers typically let the revs run to 3,000 per minute on a petrol car and 2,500 on a diesel before moving up a gear ;
Sale says we should be changing up when we hit 2,500 revs on a petrol and 2,000 on a diesel , and move into fifth ( and sixth on new models ) at the appropriate point .
I listen to the engine before moving up gear – so I 've got to change my listening habits .
And going into too high a gear too soon is also wrong : " Labouring the engine in too high a gear can actually increase fuel consumption , " says Sale .
Acceleration and deceleration
" Stamping on the brakes and then accelerating hard is efficient driving 's worst enemy .
An efficient driver is a smooth driver , " says Sale .
The computer shows that I accelerate too fast out of roundabouts , and decelerate to a halt at junctions .
On the motorway stretch , I go up and down between 60 mph and 70 mph when it is crucial to maintain a steady cruising speed .
By contrast , the graph of Sale 's driving shows that on sections of the track he is not using any fuel at all .
This is when he 's cruising in gear towards a roundabout , letting the car slow by itself .
I , on the other hand , occasionally put the car into neutral and let it coast , which is a no - no .
" Lifting off the throttle , rather than putting it in neutral , means you will use no fuel at all , " says Sale .
It 's safer , too .
Speed bumps
Braking hard , accelerating , then braking hard for the next speed bump means your car will drink petrol , says Sale .
He tells me I should instead drive along speed - humped roads at a steady 15 - 20 mph .
Speed
Saving fuel is not just about driving more slowly .
Sale is relaxed about whether I drive at 55 mph or 65 m ph .
The real cost comes at above 75 mph .
Your engine may not sound like it 's labouring , but in reality it 's when your engine starts glugging on the gas .
" At very high speeds engines will rev higher and will no longer be in the economical 2,000 to 2,500 rpm band .
At this point the engine will have to work much harder and start to drink far more petrol , " says Sale .
Will I now change ?
Yes and no .
The next day I was driving the mean streets of south London .
Instinctively , I accelerate to get into the right lane , I dart away when lights change , and I frequently slam on the brakes at an unexpected speed bump .
But I have started to look at the rev counter , listen to the engine in a new way , and slow down differently at junctions .
I think I 'll be saving on the petrol – although it may be hundreds , rather than thousands , of pounds ...
The truth and myths about saving petrol
Speed According to the Department for Transport , driving at 70 mph uses up to 9 % more fuel than at 60 mph and up to 15 % more than at 50 m ph .
80 mph can use up to 25 % more than at 70 mph .
Tyres
Over time , tyres will naturally leak a bit of air .
The RAC says you can improve fuel consumption by up to 2 % if you check pressures regularly , and keep them at the correct pressure .
It 's safer , too – dozens of people a year die because of poorly - inflated tyres .
Roof racks
There 's enormous disagreement .
A report by car manual maker Haynes says get rid of the rack – fully loaded it can add 30 % to fuel consumption .
But AutoExpress says it 's a myth – its test found that those with aerodynamic designs added little to the fuel bill .
Air con vs open windows
At low speeds , such as driving around town , air conditioning can add 5 % - 7 % to fuel costs , says Anthony Sale of Millbrook , so just wind the window down .
But at higher speeds , the effects are less noticeable .
However , when driving at speed , an open window or sun roof increases aerodynamic drag and can add a further 3 - 6 % to costs , according to some estimates .
In 2005 , Consumer Reports ( the US equivalent to Which ? ) tested a Honda Accord .
Using air conditioning at 65 mph reduced fuel economy by over 3 mpg .
Opening the windows on the Honda at 65 mph was not measurable .
But US car website edmunds.com found a minimal difference .
" Do what 's comfortable , " it said .
Radio/CD
In a survey by BP , 10 % of drivers thought that turning off the radio improved fuel consumption .
It does n't .
Engine size
Do n't assume smaller engines use less petrol .
A big car with a 2.0L engine may use less than the same car with a 1.6L engine as it strains to pull a larger weight .
On test , a people carrier with a small engine recorded much worse fuel efficiency than one with a bigger engine .
Petrol vs diesel
In general , diesels will use less fuel , but , as they typically cost more to buy , the savings are n't always obvious .
The Environmental Transport Association has a calculator on its website , that gives you an indication of the costs of running on diesel , petrol , biodiesel , electric battery or fuel cells .
Sale says : " I 've driven diesels with dreadful fuel efficiency , and petrol cars that have excellent fuel efficiency . "
Coasting Rolling downhill or approaching a junction with the car out of gear used to be a common practice to save fuel .
But the AA strongly advises against it .
" You lose the ability to suddenly accelerate out of tricky situations [ and ] you lose engine braking ...
These days , coasting is still inadvisable and changes in vehicle fuel systems mean it wo n't save you fuel , either . "
Running on chip fat Plenty of cars with older diesel engines can run on vegetable oil – either mixed in with ordinary diesel or , following some modifications , entirely on such oils .
It sells for about 55 p a litre – less than half the price of standard diesel .
The only downside is the smell that comes out of the exhaust , which has been likened to a fish and chip shop or a barbecue .
In 2007 the Treasury relaxed the rules on the taxation of home - made and shop - bought oil , and drivers are no longer required to pay the HM Revenue & Customs fuel duty on 2,500 litres of vegetable oil a year for personal use .
Users have to keep all receipts so they can prove they are not using more than 2,500 litres a year if they are stopped in a roadside check .
More details are available at Veg Oil Motoring .
Buying super - unleaded BP says you get around 28 miles extra from a tank of super - unleaded petrol , and that the same results can be achieved whether the car is new or old , high - performance or standard .
Using super unleaded also reduces exhaust emissions and deposits in the engine .
But the drawback is that it costs that bit extra – adding at least 4 p a litre .
Cheap petrol stations Website PetrolPrices.com gives you the cheapest petrol prices in your area once you have entered your postcode .
Men cost more than women .
OK , this is stretching it .
But as men tend to weigh more than women , they use up more fuel being transported around .
Having three men squeezed into the back seats of a car adds .
Gov. Bill Ritter today will sign several bills that aim to lessen punishment for criminals and promote rehabilitation among the convicted .
Curbing the rate at which criminals reoffend has been part of Ritter ’s agenda since taking office , but this year was the first that he and bipartisan allies targeted controversial topics such as sentencing and parole reform to pay for it .
Jailing fewer low - level drug offenders , diverting more criminals to community programs and paroling inmates more often could save more than $ 91 million over five years — though critics doubt the estimate — and fund an array of treatment programs , according to legislative estimates .
Colorado joins several other states in shifting limited resources from containment to treatment , though critics say the changes endanger public safety by tinkering with a system that works .
Ritter said enhancing treatment options is the best way to ensure criminals snared by the justice system emerge productive members of society .
“ The attitude has been ‘ Just lock them up . ’
We ’ve really seen violent crime decrease over time , but the downside is we were n’t … spending time considering these are actually health issues and public safety issues , ” the Democratic governor said .
“ This is the biggest year in terms of a major policy shift .
The sentencing policy is a more difficult nut to crack .
Always has been . ”
Lowering penalties
The biggest bills came from the Ritter - convened Commission on Criminal and Juvenile Justice , a mix of prosecutors , public defenders , law enforcement , human services officials , lawmakers and other advocates .
Ritter pointed to the lowering of penalties for some drug offenses as the epitome of the philosophical shift afoot in the state ’s criminal justice system .
House Bill 1352 increases the amount of drugs a person can posses before facing jail time , instead diverting offenders to substance - abuse treatment centers paid for by the savings on avoiding incarceration .
Other bills that passed with bipartisan support ease parole restrictions , emptying more prison beds and instead paying for services that aid those on probation and help recently released inmates find housing and employment .
House Bill 1360 lessens penalties for parolees who make technical violations .
House Bill 1338 , makes it easier for people previously convicted of two or more nonviolent felonies to obtain parole .
And House Bill 1374 increases the amount of time off their sentences that well - behaved inmates can earn for each month served .
Denver District Attorney Mitch Morrissey favors treatment , but he predicts the reforms will make the streets less safe by allowing drug dealers to peddle greater quantities and put people back on the street before they ’re ready .
He already commonly diverts juveniles to community programs and operates the largest drug court in the state , he said .
“ In my community , the streets are safer than they ’ve been for decades .
There ’s a reason for that , ” Morrissey said .
A former Denver district attorney himself , Ritter set his sights on curbing the rate at which criminals reoffend — called recidivism — in his first State of the State speech as governor .
Investing in change
His budget chief , Todd Saliman , made it his first task when tweaking the 2007 - 08 budget , and during Ritter ’s term the state has pumped more than $ 17 million into prison - and community - based rehabilitation , education and prevention programs , by his office ’s calculations .
The $ 6.9 million Ritter spent in four years on human - services programs for offenders and in the Department of Corrections ’ mental - health and substance - abuse programs overshadows the $ 5.2 million spent in those areas in the prior decade , budgets show .
Previous governors in that time frame outspent Ritter by a 3 - to - 1 ratio on programs diverting offenders to community corrections facilities instead of prisons , however .
Some of the additional funds in 2008 went to Denver ’s Arapahoe House , where chief executive David Murphy and his staff were able to open a combination of intense in - patient treatment and ongoing counseling for about 180 women with substance - abuse problems a year .
“ It ’s not a good expenditure of money to just continue to build prisons and prison beds when there is the opportunity to give these people treatment so they can become contributing members of society , ” Murphy said .
It ’s too soon to tell how effective Ritter ’s efforts have been .
Data from before Ritter was sworn in showed Colorado ’s recidivism rate increased from 48.6 percent of inmates released in 2002 reoffending within three years to 53.2 percent of those released in 2005 .
It will take time to record improvements , said Attorney General John Suthers , who backed many of this year ’s changes .
Suthers said prosecutors like himself largely agreed to the constellation of bills because they codified many practices already in place , part of the reason he does n’t think the state will see much cost savings or reduced prison - bed use .
“ It ’s too early to tell , and you can only impact recidivism so much , ” Suthers said .
“ And the fact of the matter is , you do n’t have to reduce it by 50 percent .
If you reduce recidivism by 5 percent , that ’s millions and millions and millions of dollars . ”
Recidivism rates , by time out of prison
Year released 1 yr. 2 yr. 3 yr. 4 yr. 5 yr .
2002 29.1 % 42.6 % 48.6 % 51.8 % 53.8 %
2003 29.2 % 42.3 % 48.4 % 52.0 % 54.1 %
2004 32.9 % 46.9 % 52.5 % 55.1 %
2005 33.9 % 47.9 % 53.2 %
2006 33.7 % 47.4 %
2007 32.7 %
Source : Department of Corrections data
Nyet , as in no and not yet .
That ’s Ilya Kovalchuk ’s stance on the push to entice him to play for St. Petersburg in the Russian KHL next season .
It would take the Russian equivalent of opening Fort Knox to entice the Devils ’ superstar left wing , who will become an unrestricted free agent on July 1 , to make up his mind now to play in the KHL next season , an informed source told The Post .
The source insists that ultimate splurge has not yet occurred , disputing reports out of the world championships in Germany that said Kovalchuk already had agreed to a one - year deal in Russia next season .
The word is that unless blown away by a record Russian offer he can’t refuse , the 27 - year - old is intent on waiting until July 1 to evaluate all his options , including playing in Russia .
As perhaps the most desirable unrestricted free agent in history , Kovalchuk is said to be very interested in remaining with the Devils , who in turn have made their very high degree of interest clear to the two - time 52 - goal scorer .
Kovalchuk was captain of the Russian team that lost the gold - medal match to the Czech Republic 2 - 1 yesterday in Germany .
The Devils acquired Kovalchuk and defenseman Anssi Salmela from Atlanta on Feb. 4 for Johnny Oduya , Niclas Bergfors , prospect Patrice Cormier , a first - round pick and a swap of second - rounders .
Kovalchuk , who made $ 7.5 million last season and can expect offers exceeding $ 9 million , had 10 goals and 17 assists in 27 games with New Jersey and led the Devils with six points in their five - game playoff series loss to the Flyers .
mark.everson@nypost.com
TO MOST people , to say that China holds down the value of its currency to boost its exports is to state the obvious .
Not , though , to America 's Treasury Department .
By law it must report twice a year on which countries fiddle their exchange rates at the world 's expense .
China was last fingered in 1994 .
Ever since then , the Treasury has concluded that the designation would do more harm than good .
Speculation is growing that it may decide differently in its next report , due on April 15th .
The mood in America resembles that in 2005 , when the Senate voted to hit China with tariffs of 27.5 % and the Treasury ratcheted up its rhetoric .
China abruptly moved to a managed float for the yuan .
It was allowed to appreciate by 20 % over the next three years before a halt was called during the banking panic of 2008 .
China seems more determined to resist pressure this time , though , and can rightly point out that its fiscal stimulus has halved its current - account surplus since 2007 .
America 's trade deficit with China has edged a bit lower ( see chart ) , though further declines seem unlikely , now that its own recovery is under way .
Nonetheless , the weight of opinion in America is running heavily against China .
Unemployment has doubled since 2005 and Barack Obama wants exports to lead the recovery .
That will be harder if China sticks to its export - centric yuan policy .
Businesses have also become less reliable defenders of China , rankled by measures such as an edict last autumn which , according to American technology companies , virtually shuts them out of Chinese government procurement .
The hacking attacks on Google and the trial of Rio Tinto executives have hardly helped .
“ A whole slew of multinationals I 've talked to are increasingly fed up with how they are being dealt with on micro , industry , product - specific stuff , ” says Fred Bergsten , director of the Peterson Institute for International Economics , a think - tank .
Charles Schumer , a Democratic senator , and Lindsey Graham , a Republican , authors of the 2005 China tariff bill that probably pushed China to move , have introduced a variant that would force the Treasury to make the designation and then seek redress through the International Monetary Fund , the World Trade Organisation , and unilateral duties .
One manufacturing - union group has produced maps showing just how many jobs each congressional district and state has lost to China .
A popular view in Washington is that the Treasury could call China a manipulator to wrest control of the issue from hotheads in Congress .
The practical consequences are small : it requires the United States only to consult with the offending country , something the two already do frequently .
It would also fulfil Mr Obama 's promise to use America 's trade enforcement tools more vigorously .
But Nicholas Lardy , also of the Peterson Institute , thinks that — far from restraining others — a
Treasury designation of China as a manipulator would be “ like throwing red meat to the Congress and enhancing the possibility they pass a currency bill . ”
The administration 's best hope is that China moves of its own accord before events in Congress or elsewhere force a confrontation .
Tim Geithner , the treasury secretary , is surprisingly confident that China will act .
Sander Levin , the usually interventionist - minded chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee which oversees trade matters , advocates multilateral rather than unilateral pressure .
So perhaps the administration will give China one last chance and seek a multilateral remedy at the G20 in June .
If China still fails to respond , the Treasury , by the time of its autumn report , will no longer be able to deny the obvious .
Frustration is mounting over the continued oil disaster in the Gulf .
No , President Obama can't personally plug the well , but that 's not stopping people from insisting he somehow assert more control over the situation .
So what to do ?
If the White House is looking for an avenue to combat this sentiment , I 've got a suggestion .
Have a look at these reports :
Newsweek :
BP's Photo Blockade of the Gulf Oil Spill
As BP makes its latest attempt to plug its gushing oil well , news photographers are complaining that their efforts to document the slow - motion disaster in the Gulf of Mexico are being thwarted by local and federal officials — working with BP — who are blocking access to the sites where the effects of the spill are most visible .
More than a month into the disaster , a host of anecdotal evidence is emerging from reporters , photographers , and TV crews in which BP and Coast Guard officials explicitly target members of the media , restricting and denying them access to oil - covered beaches , staging areas for clean - up efforts , and even flyovers .
Last week , a CBS TV crew was threatened with arrest when attempting to film an oil - covered beach .
On Monday , Mother Jones published this firsthand account of one reporter ’s repeated attempts to gain access to clean - up operations on oil - soaked beaches , and the telling response of local law enforcement .
The latest instance of denied press access comes from Belle Chasse , La. - based Southern Seaplane Inc. , which was scheduled to take a New Orleans Times - Picayune photographer for a flyover on Tuesday afternoon , and says it was denied permission once BP officials learned that a member of the press would be on board .
Christian Science Monitor :
EPA girds for a fight with BP over dispersants in Gulf oil spill The Obama administration 's frustration with BP over the dispersant issue has been mounting since this weekend .
By Sunday , it had become clear that BP would not heed an EPA directive to find an alternative to Corexit , the dispersant that the EPA rates as less effective and more toxic than as many as 12 other products .
New Orleans Time - Picayune :
As questions mount over the balance of power between BP and the federal government in the response to the oil spill , the same concerns being raised in committee halls in Washington are trickling down to local government officials in command posts on the front lines of the Louisiana coast .
Though outlined in the federal Oil Pollution
Act of 1990 , the twin duties of a private - sector responsible party and a government command structure overseeing BP 's work have created a frustrating arrangement for local leaders across the Louisiana coast as the spills drags into its second month .
Many say it 's unclear who is answering to whom , an issue that President Obama took head - on in an hourlong news conference Thursday .
Just what the hell is BP doing denying people access to land they do n't own , much less airspace they do n't control ?
And what about this nonsense about BP simply " not heed[ing ] " EPA directives ?
If the White House is looking for a way back into the driver 's seat on this thing , this is it .
The proliferation of stories about journalists and others being denied access to these areas ostensibly by local authorities but at the direction of the private corporation responsible for the disaster in the first place is an scandal that would ordinarily have the dictators of banana republics hanging their heads in shame .
Let 's face it , there are few targets that will generate less sympathy right about now than BP and local New Orleans - area officials ' reputation for transparency .
Is it possible that the reports are somehow misreading or misstating the actual situation ?
Always .
Very often , the time and print space restrictions of the traditional media prevent reporters from really parsing the details such that all the nuance one could get from actually being on site is brought out for the readers .
( We 've discussed this before . )
And are there people out there discussing the disaster who are n't tethered to those traditional media restrictions , and thus able to dive into that nuance ?
Yes there are .
But is it equally likely that officials on the ground are making ridiculous and baseless assertions that have the effect of beclouding coverage , even though they have no authority to do so ?
You bet .
What 's killing the White House image here is the notion that BP is able to use its money , power and influence in Louisiana to walk all over ordinary Americans and the government in dealing with a disaster of their own creation .
That 's what stings the most .
And there 's a real opportunity for the White House to grab the reins here and stake out territory where it really can assert leadership , and that 's in putting an end to this feudal - style nonsense that 's going on down there .
Transparency in this situation has no enemies worth noting , and the reported extent of corporate usurpation of governmental powers is a shocking embarrassment .
President Obama does n't need to come up with some magic trick for stopping the leak himself .
He needs to put an end to the perception that the ridiculous shenanigans that appear to be surrounding the disaster are in any way acceptable or will be allowed to continue .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The message thread reads like the play - by - play from an alternate reality game , wherein complete strangers work together to solve a complex mystery .
But the drama that played out on MetaFilter this week was no game .
If not for the intrepid members of this 11 - year - old digital forum , a couple of young Russian women might possibly have fallen prey to sexual slavery .
Dan Reetz ‘s post appeared Wednesday evening at Ask MetaFilter , a portion of the site where people seek help from the crowd .
Mostly it ’s mundane — someone needs suggestions for a good pet store in their area , that kind of thing .
But this post stood out : “ A Russian friend of mine may be in a dangerous situation in Washington , DC , ” it began .
Reetz , a 28 - year - old who goes by the online handle Fake , joined MetaFilter in 2004 and is a trusted user , according to Jessamyn West , the site ’s community manager .
In 2006 , he spent a year teaching English in Russia , and became close friends with one of his students , whom we ’ll call “ K . ” “ We used to walk around and talk about music and everything , ” Reetz told me .
“ I learned most of my Russian from her , so I have bad street Russian — and she learned most of her English from me , so she knows all the English swear words !
We ’ve been in touch ever since . ”
So he was thrilled when K contacted him recently to say she was coming to the United States to work for a few months — part of a murky cultural - exchange arrangement set up by a Russian outfit called Aloha .
K and her friend would pay Aloha about $ 3,000 each .
In exchange , Aloha would find them jobs and — with the help of another Russian company called Visa —a US visa sponsor .
The women paid their money , and were offered positions as lifeguards in Virginia Beach , Virginia .
But then things started getting weird .
On the eve of the trip , Reetz says , the job offer was rescinded , and Aloha replaced it with an intermediate one , which did n’t pan out either .
“ Then they told them , ‘ Just fly to the US and we ’ll mail you an offer , ” Reetz recalls .
Which was ridiculous , of course ; the women insisted that Aloha send their offer by email instead .
But when they arrived in Washington , DC , and checked their inboxes : nothing .
They called Aloha and were given a phone number for a guy named George .
No last name .
The women — just 18 and 20 — tried calling George .
When he bothered to pick up , he spoke Russian poorly .
K called Reetz and asked if he would call George on their behalf .
Reetz did so , and discovered that George did n’t speak much English , either .
Later , George called the women back , saying he had found a job for them as hostesses .
They were to come to New York to meet him .
After midnight .
At a sketchy nightclub .
He said they would be put up in what he admitted was a “ really crappy ” apartment , but promised they would later be moved to a much nicer one that was currently being remodeled .
Reetz was instantly suspicious .
“ Once I realized that was happening , I said , ‘ Holy Shit !
It just stinks of trafficking , ' ” he recalls .
The women were scared to meet with George , and Reetz urged them not to go , saying they should spend the night at a hotel instead .
And that ’s when Reetz turned to his MetaFilter friends .
He was on the road at the time .
Reetz had been a PhD student in visual neuroscience at North Dakota State University in Fargo — he hails from Bismarck .
But the program was n’t working out , so he accepted a job with Disney in Glendale , California , to do camera and lens research .
As all of this craziness went down , he was driving across Wyoming in a car packed to the hilt with his belongings .
( When I caught up with him , he was crashing with a kindly MetaFilter user in the Salt Lake City area . )
Although it ’s altogether possible that George ’s offer was legit , what happened to Reetz ’s friend sounds like a textbook case of how human traffickers ensnare young women .
But it ’s what happened next that makes this story worth telling .
After Reetz summed up his friend ’s situation online , the MetaFilter community got fired up .
They made inquiries .
Gathered info .
Called police , embassies , and trafficking hotlines .
Posted official phone numbers .
Offered sofas , food , money , visa knowledge , and safety escorts for the women .
Dozens got involved .
Lalex : I just called the DC Russian Embassy at 202-298-5700 ; they are still open .
Also , the National Human Trafficking Resource Center has a 24 - hour phone line at 888-373-7888 .
Fake : I am going to make her call the embassy right now .
Zinfandel : A J - 1 visa is a cultural exchange visa , and some types of work are allowed .
So they ’re not automatically in trouble with immigration if they work while here .
It sounds like they would need a new sponsor , though , and I ’m not sure there is time to arrange that .
Here ’s more info on what types of jobs are allowed : DS - 2019 form .
User Schmod posted dirt on the place where the women were to meet George :
… Was some sort of Russian restaurant when the Street View car drove through .
A google search seems to indicate that a variety of restaurants have operated out of the location .
The property was listed for sale in Feb09 for $ 89,000 , got in a lot of trouble with the food / building inspector between April and May , and was pulled from the market in August …
A Tajikistani restaurant was operating at the location in 2004 , and had the same phone number .
[ The club ] had its “ grand opening ” on Feb 26 , 2010 .
This photo does not inspire confidence .
Since then , the club has played host to a small number of acts .
There are other tidbits indicating that it operates ( at least on occasion ) as a strip joint .
Reetz had previously called the Russian consulate , which proved worse than worthless , he says .
He then began calling all the numbers people had posted , trying to figure out who had jurisdiction .
It was the same from all of them :
Yes , the situation sounded suspicious , but the women would have to call for themselves .
He got better assistance from Pollomacho — a MetaFilter member in a position to pull strings , who posted :
For future reference in situations exactly like this please contact the US State Department at jvisas at state dot gov .
We ( and by that I mean my coworkers and I ) will get this situatuation rectified immediately upon learning of such situations .
We can not take action to ensure that women like fake ’s friend here are not exploited unless we know about these situations !
The next morning , armed with myriad goodwill offers from the MetaFilter community , Reetz again tried to convince his friends not to go through with the meeting .
But the women were running out of money , and they did n’t know or trust these people who were offering them things online .
What they needed was a longer - term job .
They would meet George at the club .
Reetz finally badgered them into calling a national trafficking hotline , where the staffers , through an interpreter , questioned them exhaustively , but ultimately offered no assistance .
“ I found out later they were working behind the scenes , ” Reetz told me .
“ But it was very frustrating .
I had already lost credibility with the girls .
I ’m like , ‘ Oh , these guys will help you , ’ and here they just ask a bunch of questions and wear them out . ”
All along , the women ’s visa sponsor — which had no connection with Aloha — had thought the women were in Virginia Beach .
They “ kind of panicked , ” Reetz says , when he informed them what was going on .
The sponsor then called the women directly and urged them not to meet with the man at the club .
“ This is where things got really horrifying , ” Reetz told me .
“ They wrote back and said , ‘ You must have talked to Dan [ Reetz ] .
Do n’t worry about him and the problems he ’s causing .
We ’re fine .
Everything ’s fine and we ’re going . ’
And then they wrote me and said , ‘ Do n’t contact me anymore . ' ”
This story has a happy ending because someone — and not even Reetz is quite sure who ; he thinks there were more than one — managed to get to the women during their bus ride .
He suspects maybe Pollomacho ’s friends , but several agencies had the women ’s phone numbers .
( So did some of the Metafilterers , as you shall see . )
All the authorities Reetz had spoken with had been deliberately vague about what , if anything , they planned to do about the situation , and Reetz feared the worst .
“ We kept running into this wall over and over again : They ’re over 18 .
If they want to do this , they can do it . ”
Yet there in the background , the wheels he and his online friends had set in motion were turning .
The MetaFilter crowd rejoiced Thursday afternoon , when Reetz posted the following text exchange :
D , please , stop calling somebody , please , do n’t call to xxxx .
All is ok .
There is no problem !!!
11:25 AM .
OK 11:26AM
D! Listen .
I do n’t know how thanks you .
[ The meeting place ] is a strip bar , if we will go there , i do n’t know what would be …
Thank you so much .!
You saved our lifes .
3:33 PM
No thanks necessary .
It was n’t only me .
3:35 PM
Also , there may be people to escort you at the station .
They are good people .
3:35 PM
Yeh , i know .
I ’ve sms with ( mefi member ) i think she is cool ) miss you .
& see you soon .
3:35 PM
…..
Fake ’s next post read as follows :
I just stopped and puked my stress out on the side of the road .
Not out of the woods yet , but omfg , omfg
Even without the authorities , the MF crowd was on it .
When the bus arrived , Kathrine Gutierrez ( screen name : internet fraud detective squad , station number 9 ) was there to meet the women with the offer of a crash pad and a personal tour guide .
Gutierrez , first contacted by Newsweek , told how she had texted the women :
“ It ’s Kathrine , come visit me .
I do n’t really care what you do , let ’s just enjoy ourselves in New York . ”
She offered to show them around the city and let them store their suitcases in her apartment .
They agreed to meet her at the bus station .
“ I was hoping I ’d get the chance to talk to them and get them to reconsider before they went to meet him , ” Hines says .
“ You ca n’t control someone — they ’re adults , they can make their own decisions — but I was hoping I could keep them from doing it with their consent . ”
She was n’t the only one there to meet them .
Reetz got her in touch with New York City ’s finest , who showed up undercover .
West told me the police did n’t know what make of Gutierrez , thinking at first that she might be in cahoots with the traffickers .
Gutierrez , in turn , told Newsweek she thought she was being followed by Russian mobsters .
Lucky her it was just the fuzz .
The police detained everyone for a couple of hours to get it all sorted out .
But Reetz told me K and her friend are now safe and sound and staying at Gutierrez ’s apartment .
( She ’s “ great , ” he adds . )
Matthew Haughey , MetaFilter ’s founder , caught onto the thread Wednesday afternoon and stayed up till midnight monitoring it .
It ’s a “ shocking story , ” he says .
“ I was pretty happy with the outcome . ”
But the grand effort by his membership does n’t surprise the 37 - year - old Haughey — who describes MetaFilter as a smart and “ highly collaborative ” bunch with 12,000 - 15,000 “ active ” users — out of 45,000 total .
In 2001 , he recalls , the MetaFilter hive mind spent three intense days exposing a middle - aged Kansas woman who , for the previous two years , had posed online as an 18 - year - old cancer victim .
“ Maybe once a year something weird comes up and everyone goes nuts doing research for that person , ” he says .
Reetz is just trying to process it all — and catch up on lost sleep .
He ’s now headed for Las Vegas , where another MetaFilter user will put him up .
As for the Russian women , he says , they have received a few thousand dollars from the community to take care of expenses and get them to where they might be able to find work .
“ I ’ve been a member for a long time and I ’ve seen ’em do stuff like this on a really small scale , ” he says .
“ But this is definitely the most unbelievable , ridiculous and amazing example of people pitching in . ”
Follow Michael Mechanic on Twitter .
R2D2 Be Mixin ' Dem Phat Beatz
Robots are built to beep , but who knew they could be remixed into one heck of a dance song ?
Thanks to the mixing Jedi known as Eclectic Method , we ’ll never look at R2 - D2 again without wishing he ’d DJ our next party .
( Via facebook.com/swtorstrategies )
French farmers have turned the Champs - Elysees avenue in Paris into a huge garden to highlight their financial plight .
Thousands of trees , plants and flowers were brought in , transforming one of the most famous avenues in the world into a green haven .
The green strip stretches over 1.2 km ( 0.8 miles ) from the Arc de Triomphe half - way down to the Place de la Concorde .
French farmers want to focus attention on the country 's crisis - hit agriculture and the cost of producing food .
The event also serves as a showcase for French farming produce from vineyards to famous breeds .
Preparations for the monumental display started late on Saturday .
I woke up this morning to the sound of some ducks quacking up a storm .
I admit , I was a little bit annoyed at first ( “ Shut up !
Shut up !
Shut up ! ” ) , but when I drew the curtains I immediately felt a pang of guilt .
I was greeted by over a dozen wee ducklings and their parents ( I assume ) waddling around my back door .
I squealed with delight and ran for my camera .
Why is it that everything small is cute ?
And fluffy ?
In April , there had been some rumors that AutoCAD may finally be returning to the Macintosh platform .
The Apple Lounge has posted some screenshots from the private beta that were found on Italiamac 's forums .
AutoCAD is a 2D and 3D design and drafting application that was first released in the 1980s .
AutoCAD for the Mac was discontinued in the early 90s .
According to the tester that posted the images , this beta runs pretty poorly , but , obviously , there is much time for improvement as this is the first seeding .
The Beta is 64 - bit only and support for multi- touch gestures ( see above screenshot ) .
No word on when the final is expected .
Update : Video added , from Italiamac.it :
Thank you to everyone who sang in the Glee Karaoke app — it was an amazing and wonderful ride .
While the app is not longer in service , you can still listen to some of the most memorable performances right here .
Enjoy !
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
The recent scandal over the handling of child abuse in the Catholic church has again focused attention on celibacy .
But away from the arguments , what is it actually like to lead a life without having sex ?
This is , we are told , a highly sexualised society .
HISTORY OF CELIBACY
" The roots of celibacy are in all major religions except Judaism and Islam , and even these religions insist on pre-marital virginity , at least for women , " says Elizabeth Abbott For the Catholic Church , celibacy grew up for three reasons
In interpretations of the Scriptures , celibacy was more perfect and desirable in God 's eyes Celibacy allowed priests / nuns and other devotees to consecrate their lives and thoughts to God Celibate priests were not a financial drain on the church
There have been notable examples of Catholic clergy who did not abstain from sex , eg Pope Alexander VI Source : Elizabeth Abbott , A History of Celibacy In the 21st Century UK , indeed in almost all of the West , sexual imagery can be found in many places , and many young people expect to have a number of sexual partners before eventually settling down .
This perhaps may explain why the idea of a celibate lifestyle , as practised by the clergy of the Catholic Church , as well as adherents of other religions , causes a great deal of puzzlement among non-believers .
" In our sex - dominated society , people tend to view celibacy as a form of sexual anorexia - a sad and lonely state at best , unnatural at worst , " says Elizabeth Abbott , author of A History of Celibacy .
Jimmy O'Brien was a priest for the best part of a decade before deciding he had to leave his vocation .
He has now been married for 20 years to a woman he met while still a priest , and he has two children .
Born in Tipperary , Ireland , he started his training at 18 .
From a Catholic background , he completely accepted the idea of celibacy .
But after several years as a priest in the south of England he began to change his mind .
Entering a life of celibacy - ordination of new priests at St Peter 's Basilica , Vatican " Accepting it was one thing and living it was another .
Four or five years into it , it 's only then the implications of the decision you made were questioned .
" It is n't so much the celibacy aspect , it is the loneliness .
At 28 or 29 a lot of my friends were settling down and having children , my older brothers and sisters were having children .
There was no significant other there for you . "
By the time he was 34 , Mr O'Brien felt he had to leave to preserve his " own personal sanity " .
Although he says he did not break his vows while a priest , he had already met his future wife by the time he left .
" By this stage I had kind of got myself into a relationship with a woman and was having to make that decision .
It was a friendship that developed .
When I did leave , the relationship I was in went onto a different level . "
MEANING OF CELIBACY
Derived from Latin , meaning unmarried , so a life without marriage
As sex outside marriage is discouraged in traditional Christianity , this also means a life without sex Hence the modern secular usage of a long - term , self - imposed abstention from sex Even in slightly more conservative times , there have always been many for whom celibacy was not easily understood .
Former nun Mel Baird encountered many baffled people in the late 1960s and 1970s .
" People thought I was completely mad , " she notes , and there were some who made wild allegations - that she was just odd , a lesbian , or even not celibate at all .
" Some people could n't understand it was possible to be fulfilled and to enjoy what you were doing without being sexually active .
It did n't mean I was n't a sexual being . "
But the times were certainly different when Mrs Baird began training to be a nun in 1965 .
No imposition " We are actually looking at quite a different climate .
I had been brought up in a Catholic home in a Catholic school , educated by nuns .
" I never saw celibacy as a deprivation .
I never denied my femininity .
I was still a woman with the same feelings .
It does n't mean I was n't interested in men or interested in having children .
" I saw my choice to become a nun as part of what I needed to do to achieve the whole .
I did n't see it as an imposition . "
There are practical aspects to celibacy - you can get up at three in the morning to visit someone in hospital without worrying about how this will affect your marriage
Fr Stephen Wang Read Fr Wang 's article on why he chose a celibate life
And while the non-believer might be preoccupied with the idea of a constant battle against multifarious temptation , Mrs Baird had support .
" You had the whole back - up of a [ convent ] community , unlike priests . "
When the nuns were tempted they were encouraged to " pray or to go and do something positive - it is about channelling that energy " .
But Mrs Baird decided before taking her final vows that she was not destined to be a nun for life .
" I was beginning to wonder whether I was in the right place .
At 26 I was n't the same person I was at 18 .
I had experienced life .
I had grown up .
I no longer found it fulfilling .
" I would have become miserable .
There is such a thing as a temporary vocation . "
Human intimacy Serving priest Fr Stephen Wang - who has written on the subject - does not see celibacy as a privation .
" There are struggles .
Times of loneliness ; sexual desires ; dreams about what marriage and fatherhood would be like .
I do n't think most of this is about celibacy - it 's about being human . "
Fr Wang sees practical arguments for celibacy , but is more moved by the idea that as a single person , Jesus and the parishioners have a central place in his life .
And , most importantly , he is happy .
I do n't think you would want to commit someone to living their life in a fish bowl
Jimmy O'Brien
Former priest " You need affection and human intimacy .
I 've got some wonderful friends .
I get home to see my family every couple of weeks .
I escape to the cinema now and then .
And I pray .
Not to fill the gaps , because some of them can never be filled , but because the love of Christ is something very real and very consoling .
" I 'm aware that it gives me a freedom of heart that is a unique gift .
It helps me stay close to Christ , and draws me closer to the people I meet each day . "
Neither Mrs Baird nor Mr O'Brien left their vocation to pursue a hedonistic lifestyle .
Both married and had children .
Both are in professions that represent a continuity from the caring side of their previous calling - Mrs Baird has pursued a career in psychiatric nursing , while Mr O'Brien has worked with vulnerable children and now runs children 's homes .
Both are still active and dedicated Catholics .
Neither were condemned by fellow Catholics for the decision they made .
Mrs Baird does believe that those in a religious community , monks and nuns , should have to accept celibacy , or leave as she did .
But she says priests should have a choice about whether to be celibate , at least in part to stop the church losing otherwise devoted clergymen .
For Mr O'Brien there is an argument for married priests as there is an argument for women priests , but from a personal point of view he would not necessarily have stayed as a priest were he allowed to marry .
" From a personal choice I do n't think you would want to commit someone to living their life in a fish bowl . "
Additional reporting by Clare Spencer Send us your comments using the form below .
We in the UK live in a society where instancy is almost mandatory .
The most pernicious advertising slogan ever was the first strapline of Access cards ( now part of Mastercard ) :
" It takes the waiting out of wanting . "
Does n't that sum -up , in a phrase , what 's wrong with the majority of human behaviour ?
Jeffrey , Sheffield I totally agree with Michael 's view .
Our society made it hard on everyone to stick to values we once believed in maybe .
I believe also that relationships breakdown , rise in STDs , dysfunctional families and even criminal behaviour have been influenced in the way we conduct ourselves when it come to sex matters .
Why ?
because sex is such a unique expereince , such a fusion betwen 2 people , can create such a bond that it can not be taken lighlty .
The very notion of sex has been distorted by our society through media , shift of mindsets etc .
My onw belief is not only based on my christian living and relationship with God : having had sex before - before marriage - and knowing the consequences that has had on me and on so many other people that I know , I know now that sex before marriage makes sense .
Saves a lot of heartache .
Helps keep your sanity in check .
Can litteraly save lives .
OyeO , Southampton
You know , like all articles about lives " without " sex , this one makes me wonder if I live in the same world as the one in which the news reports .
I live surrounded by single , atheist 20 - somethings and the idea that in " our society " the majority live lives of rampant promiscuity is as much a myth as the sweating , madly repressed Christian .
For a great many people , " life without sex " just sort of happens , even if they used to have relationships which then ended , and while they 've never ruled it out , they 're not actively prowling for partners .
Just as , historically , there was never a period when " everyone " was married , for all of their lives .
Call it Darwinian selection if it makes you feel better - but " selfish sexual hedonism " , even for people our age , is the preserve of a very noisy minority ( and I 'm guessing not really a new one either , just one that modern media makes more visible than they used to be , and who are no longer confined to one social class ) .
There may be a lot of single people around , but Sex and the City is as much of a myth as Pride and Prejudice .
Lindsay , Sheffield Mel Baird 's argument that celibacy should be retained in religious communities like convents and monasteries and be a matter of choice for priest in parishes is already part of the Greek and Russian Orthodox traditions .
It could be a meaningful compromise solution if this matter was raised in any future general council of the Church .
Sarah , Lyon " I do n't think most of this is about celibacy - it 's about being human . "
Indeed , the reverend has hit the nail on the head .
Humans have desires , and a strong selective urge to do things that allow them to procreate .
Denying those urges is inhuman , and expecting that they can be successfully denied is as silly as thinking that the urge to breathe can be successfully denied .
Celibacy goes against biology , and biology wins most of the time .
Dave , Manhattan , KS - USA
Whilst I may not be particularly religious I respect anyone who sacrifices and devotes themselves to their passion .
We live in a world of instant gratification and to see an example of such dedication to principles can only be a positive thing .
To meditate you need to cut out all distractions so if you live a life of meditation and contemplation then I can see why sex could get in the way .
James , Tunbridge Wells Having an active , intimate relationship with Christ is wonderful .
It is so powerful that it makes the decision not to be sexually active ( unless you are married to the person with whom you are being sexually active ) so much easier to make and enact .
It does n't make it a trivial burden , but it does convert it into something that is a relatively minor imposition .
This is something the World cannot understand , but it is the truth .
And in it 's lack of understanding , the World brandishes this celibacy as unnatural - borderline - to - actually deviant .
A nice , big , tarry brush to slop around without care or discrimination .
The problems lie with the World 's view on the place of sexual activity and the place of celibacy and not with the decision of the individual as to which model to follow .
Simon Wellicome , Woking , Surrey
No matter whether you believe in creation or evolution , nobody can deny that sex is an intrinsic part of a human being 's functionality .
Nature intended humans to be sexual and to reproduce .
Celibacy is a perversion , pure and simple .
Andy , London , UK I think a more relevant category for many non-clergy / lay people in this day and age , is chastity .
Often this has been identified with celibacy , but as Abbot Christopher Jamison says ( in his ' Finding Happiness ' ) it should be thought of as faithfulness to one 's sexual status .
Sustaining long - term , deep and meaningful relationships in the twenty - first century western countries has become deeply challenging , especially for so - called generations X and Y .
We are exposed to sexually provocative images on a daily basis - on buses , in magazines , newspapers ( all types of advertising ) , and we are often at a loss when it comes to being faithful to our partners .
Just like the TV show , we are the Friends generation - a group characterised by the experience of great difficulty in making life - choices , especially in the area of relationships .
The concept of chastity - and the wider narrative offered by authors such as Abbot Christopher Jamison can give guidance to the millions of people struggling to live with integrity , peace of mind , and depth and stability in relationships .
Aaron , Camberwell , London I am 31 and have only recently come out of celibacy despite being somewhat agnostic .
There are many reasons outside of religion why people choose to be celibate which you have not listed in your article .
For me , I was waiting until I have found the right person .
Describing your feelings for someone is certainly more convincing when you chose to come out of celibacy .
Dean Shaw , South Coast
The rules on pre-marital sex are the same for men and women in Islam .
Mamoon Razaq , Keighley , England
This is no different to smoking , drinking or gambling !
If people are told not to do something , or told something is bad for them , then they will always be curious of it .
It is better to let people explore and make their own decisions as to whether they want sex in their life .
Graham Davies , Aldershot Perhaps we 're in danger of equating sexual activity with being human , or abstinence with abnormality .
This was the fallacy in Dan Brown 's book The Da Vinci Code - that Jesus could only have been human if he'd had sex with someone else .
Nick , London , UK
The idea of sexual self control is entirely foreign to our society , as is the sanctity of sex itself .
In age where prostitution , pornography and promiscuity are rife , people have simply lost what is special about sex .
Celibacy is not just for nuns , monks and priests .
Every Christian agrees that sex is something for marriage - an incredible gift to share with one person and explore it together .
As we lose that uniqueness , we separate sex from love , and society travels further down the road it is on - selfish sexual hedonism .
And I say that as a 21 - year - old red blooded unmarried Christian man .
I 'm am getting married this year .
I used to be desperate to have sex - but now , I am just desperate to be with my wife .
Love , not lust .
Michael , Glasgow As an Anglican , I 've always found the Catholic practice of confession to a male celibate priest a rather bizarre idea , and one that would make me feel most uncomfortable .
Someone once described it to me as confessing your darkest deeds and secrets to a man who 's never experienced what it is you did or felt .
A married priest on the other hand , whether male or female , is surely more likely to be able to identify with you , and thus be more reassuring , than a man who 's probably never experienced what you 're talking about ?
Anna , Bangor , Wales
I 've often thought that the whole celibacy thing was more a punishment for being in God 's service than a reward .
Our own family priest , High Anglican , would have been Catholic had it not been for that very issue .
In the interest of safety and sanity I believe the Catholic Church , especially in light of todays news , should allow those who lead it 's flocks that wish to engage in normal sexual relationiships to do so , it might save a lot of innocent people a life time of grief .
Or better still , do not let people into this service until they are older and have actually experienced that which they are to forever live without and see if this is truely what they want .
I could have no more been a nun at 20 than President of the United States .
Now , at 50 and five years of being a " born again virgin " had I the inclination , it could happen .
Lvit2Bieber , Shingletown , CA , USA Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TONY ABBOTT is under pressure to justify telling students it was considerably warmer when Jesus was alive after leading scientists said his claim was wrong .
He urged year 5 and 6 pupils at an Adelaide school to be sceptical about the human contribution to climate change , saying it was an open question .
Have your say
In a question - and - answer session on Friday , the Opposition Leader said it was warmer " at the time of Julius Caesar and Jesus of Nazareth " than now .
Leading scientists said there was no evidence to suggest it was hotter 2000 years ago .
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
It has been confirmed that the CEO and president of Activision Publishing Mike Griffith resigned from both of his roles on April 23rd .
The exec , however , will continue to serve as vice chairman of Activision Blizzard .
This role sees him take an active part in board and internal strategy meetings .
His original contract was set to run until June 30th and will now be automatically renewed on an annual basis .
Activision ’s official statement on the move also confirms that Griffith ’s annual salary will be $ 250,000 plus discretionary bonuses and that he is freed from previous minimum stock hold requirements .
The move comes amidst the backdrop of worsening relations with owned studio Infinity Ward .
A total of 23 people have left the studio since the headline - hitting sacking of former bosses Jason West and Vince Zampella , and overnight it emerged that many of those who remain are now suing Activision over unpaid bonuses .
As euphemisms go , it 's not as powerful as " circumcision " but its potential to legitimize the mutilation of young girls ' genitals seems horrifying to me .
PZ Myers brings to light the fact that the American Academy Of Pediatrics - yes , the American Academy of Pediatrics - is endorsing a kinder , gentler version of female genital mutilation for cultural reasons in America :
Most forms of FGC are decidedly harmful , and pediatricians should decline to perform them , even in the absence of any legal constraints .
However , the ritual nick suggested by some pediatricians is not physically harmful and is much less extensive than routine newborn male genital cutting .
There is reason to believe that offering such a compromise may build trust between hospitals and immigrant communities , save some girls from undergoing disfiguring and life - threatening procedures in their native countries , and play a role in the eventual eradication of FGC .
It might be more effective if federal and state laws enabled pediatricians to reach out to families by offering a ritual nick as a possible compromise to avoid greater harm .
PZ notes this particularly loathesome passage from the AAP 's statement :
" Mutilation " is an inflammatory term that tends to foreclose communication and that fails to respect the experience of the many women who have had their genitals altered and who do not perceive themselves as " mutilated . "
It is paradoxical to recommend " culturally sensitive counseling " while using culturally insensitive language .
" Female genital cutting " is a neutral , descriptive term .
I heartily second PZ 's endorsement of Equality Now , a group I 've donated to and supported in the past , and which is a vanguard in defending core human rights , with respect to women .
Equality Now is horrified by this concession to political correctness - check out their alert page here .
Spekulationssteuer SPD plant erstes EU - weites Volksbegehren
Die SPD will bei der Finanzmarkt - Regulierung neue
Wege gehen .
Gemeinsam mit anderen sozialdemokratischen Parteien Europas plant sie ein EU - weites Referendum - etwas Ähnliches hat es bisher noch nie gegeben .
Das Ziel : Spekulanten sollen zur Kasse gebeten werden .
A British couple held hostage by Somali pirates have urged UK Prime Minister David Cameron to clarify whether his government will seek their release .
Paul Chandler , 60 , and Rachel Chandler , 56 , from Tunbridge Wells , Kent , were kidnapped while sailing in the Indian Ocean in October .
In an interview broadcast on ITV News , Mr Chandler said they " desperately needed " the PM to make a statement .
The Foreign Office said it had a policy of not negotiating with kidnappers .
The pair spoke to a Somali journalist at the weekend , ITV News reported , adding that the kidnappers had not benefited financially from the interview .
Mr Chandler offered his congratulations to the new prime minister , but urged him to act .
Raised hopes
" As new prime minister , we desperately need him to make a definitive public statement of the government 's attitude to us , " Mr Chandler said .
" If the government is not prepared to help , then they must say so , because the gangsters ' expectations and hopes have been raised at the thought of a new government and there might be a different approach . "
The Foreign Office said the British government 's policy of " not making or facilitating substantive concessions to hostage - takers , including the payment of ransoms , is long - standing and clear " .
A spokesman said : " This has been the policy of successive governments and has not changed .
Our thoughts are with their families on the release of this video , and our consular officials are in close touch with them .
" We again urge those holding Paul and Rachel to release them safely , immediately and unconditionally . "
' Naive ' captors
BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner said the captors were " rather naively thinking " that a new government in the UK would mean a new policy towards paying the ransom .
He also said that the captors " cannot get it into their heads " that the Chandlers are not wealthy , nor was a big company likely to pay the ransom as sometimes happened for merchant shipping vessels and crews .
The couple said they had been kept apart for almost 100 days of their captivity .
Previously the couple , married for 30 years , have spoken of the " torture " and " torment " of not being held together .
In an interview in March , they said they had been whipped , and Mrs Chandler had been hit with a rifle butt .
Then Prime Minister Gordon Brown raised their case when he met Somali President Sharif Ahmed in the UK in March .
Talking to us over the summer about his then - forthcoming album , Steven Ellison said he felt like he was progressing as a producer .
" I 'm finally getting to the point where I can make the kind of records ... that I wanted to make when I was younger , things that I dreamed about making , " he told us .
That sounds modest -- he 's been persistently pursuing a singular vision for years now -- but his first two albums did share common traits with his forebears .
Even the excellent Los Angeles from 2008 took some of its cues from J Dilla , one of Ellison 's idols .
But with Cosmogramma , it 's not enough anymore to talk about Ellison 's sound as " post - Dilla " or even " post hip - hop . "
It 's his sound now .
Indeed , Cosmogramma is an intricate , challenging record that fuses his loves -- jazz , hip - hop , videogame sounds , IDM -- into something unique .
It 's an album in the truest sense .
Even on Los Angeles , which hung together well as a full - length , there were moments you could pick out as singles or highlights -- the distorted pop of " Camel " or the maniacal electro - house of " Parisian Goldfish " .
But Cosmogramma is conceived as a movement -- bits of one song spill into the next , and its individual tracks make the most sense in the context of what surrounds them .
In this sense , it feels almost like an avant - garde jazz piece , and so it takes more than a few listens to sink in -- one or two spins and you 're still at the tip of the iceberg .
Jazz is a big influence on the record , and it's a good place to start talking about the individual sections that make up the whole .
Ellison is , of course , the nephew of jazz great Alice Coltrane and has said in interviews that his albums are in part dedicated to her .
That 's clear on Cosmogramma , as there are distinct passages that pursue an elaborate kind of digital jazz and the album is constructed to move through different sections , as one of Coltrane 's might .
There are roughly three of these passages -- the first is an aggressive three - song suite based loosely on videogame sounds .
On " Nose Art " , FlyLo puts raygun squiggles alongside woozy synths , grinding mechanical noises , and about 10 other sonic elements .
Like much of the album , it sounds almost frustratingly unstable until you hear it a few times and the pieces begin to interlock and congeal .
True to its title , Cosmogramma then moves through a heady astral stretch and finally a more downtempo jazz - heavy period .
The latter partly serves as a necessary breather from the complicated sounds earlier on .
FlyLo shows ridiculous talent in each section -- the things he can do with and to beats just are n't common .
In " Zodiac Shit " , he makes a heavy , loping bass thump sputter out on cue , creating a physical rumbling quality .
The beat of " Computer Face // Pure Being " trips over itself again and again like clothes tumbling in a dryer .
These are n't just tricks -- in each case they push the song toward a groove .
And it 's not just beats : " Satelllliiiiiiite " is as dreamy as anything FlyLo 's done to date , its distorted vocal samples and steam - building arrangement not unlike something out of Burial 's repertoire and frankly just as good .
The song that will likely get the most attention here is " ... And the World Laughs With You " , a collaboration with Thom Yorke .
Obviously an electronic - music fan , Yorke has done these guest spots before ( for Modeselektor and others ) and with such a high - profile contributor it 's easy to make the song all about him .
But FlyLo does n't pay Yorke any undue deference , just treats his vocals like another element to manipulate and weave into the mix .
It 's so subtle , in fact , that if you 're not paying close attention you might miss his appearance altogether .
It 's this level of confidence and commitment to his vision that ultimately makes Cosmogramma so fascinating .
FlyLo is working at the height of his creative powers right now , and the scary thing is it 's reasonable to think he could get better .
The Bullet 580 , the world 's largest inflatable airship , stands in Garrett Coliseum in Montgomery , Alabama , Wednesday , May 19 , 2010 , following an inflation test and fit check .
The airship will be flight tested later in the summer and will carry a joint NASA and Old Dominion University payload that will measure moisture content in soil .
In addition to government research work , the airship can also be used for military , homeland security and disaster relief missions .
It is designed to carry payloads of up to 2,000 pounds to 20,000 feet .
( AP Photo / Montgomery Advertiser , David Bundy ) #
RAW Video : Cops beating an innocent Mexican - May 7 , 2010 - A
Seattle police officer offered a tearful apology after being caught on camera kicking an innocent man and using a racial epithet .
The video shows a group of officers standing around three men who are lying on the ground .
Seattle Police Detective Shandy Cobane shouts , " I 'm going to beat the [ expletive ] Mexican [ expletive ] out of you homey !
You feel me ?
" Cobane later kicks the man in the head and another cop kicks him in the hand .
The detective sobbed as he gave a news conference on Friday to apologize to the Latino community , his colleagues and the city of Seattle .
" I know my words cut deep and were very hurtful , " Cobane said .
" Please know that I am truly , truly sorry .
" The video was shot by a freelance videographer at around 2 a.m. on April 17 .
The incident in question took place as officers were investigating an armed robbery in Seattle 's Westlake neighborhood .
The 911 call reporting the crime had described the suspects as Hispanic .
The man attacked was not involved in the robbery .
After officers let him go , the freelance videographer asked the unidentified man why he had been beaten .
" I do n't know .
They knocked me down and kicked me in the head , " he responded .
Cobane and another officer have been placed on administrative leave .
The city 's police department is carrying out an internal investigation , according to the Times .
Seattle police learned of the event a few days after the incident , and launched the investigation soon after , according to the AP .
Cobane , a 15 - year veteran of the police force , said he never imagined he would " do anything to bring such notoriety to my department .
Sadly , I did . "
MMS reports the Development Driller III , which will drill the first relief well , has finished running blowout preventer ( BOP ) stack and riser and is currently latching the BOP to the wellhead for the first relief well .
The Development Driller II , which will drill the second relief well , is on location and is making preparations for initiating the drilling process and performing BOP maintenance .
Secretary Salazar and Secretary Napolitano issued a joint statement on these efforts : “ Today , BP attempted another test to contain some of the oil leaking from the riser .
This technique is not a solution to the problem , and it is not yet clear how successful it may be .
We are closely monitoring BP ’s test with the hope that it will contain some of the oil , but at the same time , federal scientists are continuing to provide oversight and expertise to BP as they move forward with other strategies to contain the spill and stop the flow of oil .
We will not rest until BP permanently seals the wellhead , the spill is cleaned up , and the communities and natural resources of the Gulf Coast are restored and made whole . ”
The initial success that BP has obtained in inserting a 4 - inch pipe into the broken riser that leads from the leaking well in the Gulf , is not yet clearly evident .
Although the pipe has been inserted , and oil and natural gas are being carried to the surface , the full capacity of the system has not yet been tested .
The intent is to slowly increase the volume of fluids carried to the surface , so as to define the limits of what is achievable .
The official statement for the day ( Sunday ) notes that :
The hope is that the pipe that has been inserted in the riser 600 ft from the BOP will be able to capture all the oil and gas that was leaking from that particular part of the riser .
This had earlier been estimated to be up to 85 % of the total spill .
The remainder is coming from a smaller leak closer to the BOP , and which will likely only be sealed when the well is killed using the injection of heavy mud later in the week .
It is a little difficult to tell , as yet , whether the pipe will be able to carry all this fluid .
In order to control the flow to the surface there is a choke in the line , and this provides a variable resistance to the flow of fluid out of the riser .
This additional resistance gives an additional driving pressure to the contained fluid that will increase the flow from the remaining leak , and can also provide some pressure for the fluid to ease past the rubber seals that surround the relief pipe in the riser .
Engineers will thus have to strike a careful balance in controlling the pressure , and thus the flow up the pipe , relative to capturing all the possible oil and gas that leaves the riser .
The size of the operation to kill the well is also now becoming apparent .
The mud pumps that will drive the mud into the BOP , with the intent of stopping the flow by weighting up the column above the reservoir , and then allowing a concrete plug to be inserted .
The mud would be pumped at more than 30,000 horsepower through three - inch hoses and through " choke " valves at the bottom of the blowout preventer near the seafloor .
Wells said the valves could shoot as much as 40 barrels of mud a minute into the well .
" We 'll be able to pump much faster than the well can flow , " he said .
" It 's about us outrunning the well . "
Wells said the company had brought 50,000 barrels of the mud , a mixture of clay and other substances , for the effort , which he said should be far more than needed .
He said that the much - ridiculed " junk shot , " in which golf balls and shredded tires would be fired into the blowout preventer , would be used only if the drilling mud were being forced upward and needed to be blocked .
The problem in introducing a fluid into a rapidly moving stream , is that the stream will tend to carry the newly injected fluid along with it .
There is some resistance to the fluid flow within the BOP itself , given that the cylinders at least partially functioned .
They began by closing off the well , but the collapse of the riser , and the possible erosion induced by sand in the fluid flow has eaten out the initial pathway through the BOP to allow the current flow volume escape .
If the leak is at 5,000 bd , then the current flow out through the BOP is roughly 3.5 barrels a minute .
That is as much as can get through the orifice in the BOP at the driving pressure coming from the bottom of the well .
When the pumps kick the additional 40 barrels a minute into that flow passage , the resistance to the higher flow will be much greater through the BOP than down the well , and so the mud should reverse the flow in the well and start to flow down the well .
This is , of course , where it now gets very tricky since too much pressure in the well can cause the cement and rock at the bottom of the well to fracture , allowing the potential for a much higher flow into the well at that point .
Given that the next step , however , if the well flow can be stopped by the weight and pressure of the mud injected into the well , will be to pump a significant concrete plug into the well to totally and permanently block the well , there is likely little concern at this point as to what will occur down at the shoe of the casing .
In passing I see that the makeup of the “ dream team ” that the Government has put together to help with the crisis has now been revealed .
In recent days , the Obama administration has assembled a " dream team " of scientists to deal with the leak , including experts in robotics , physics , X - ray technology and the hydrogen bomb .
Energy Secretary Steven Chu , a physicist who won the Nobel Prize , met with BP engineers in Houston last week and promised that the " intellectual horsepower of the country is engaged in solving this problem . "
But unlike many science and engineering problems that can be worked out in a lab or on a blackboard , this one is unfolding far from the reach of a human hand , in real time , with a potentially high penalty for failure .
" It 's not just theory .
It 's reality that has to be dealt with , " said Henry Petroski , a Duke University professor of civil engineers and history .
" This is a really tough problem . "
It ’s that hydrogen bomb expertise that has me worried .
I thought that Joel Achenbach had his tongue in his cheek when he wrote about the possibility of using a nuclear bomb on the well in the WP but he quoted the success of the Russians in doing this , and as I have noted in an earlier post , so maybe all that brainpower is focusing on a more immediate answer .
The President , after all , is getting impatient .
Two questions I am often asked :
How far in advance do you work ?
How quickly can you publish a comic on a current event ?
Today I will indirectly answer both questions by talking about something else entirely .
I assume you ’ve all been following the story of the Apple engineer who left a prototype 4G iPhone at a beer garden .
I found this story too delicious to resist , but I worried that the story would become stale before my comics would work through the pipeline .
I think the soonest I can get something published is in about a month , perhaps a bit sooner , but I ’ve never tested it .
I drew two comics while considering my options .
In the end , I thought it was n’t worth the extra friction to push them to the front of the line .
And it would be June 18th before they ran in their normal position , which seemed too far in the future .
So here now , exclusively for you blog readers , the totally unfinished first drafts of those comics .
You will never see these in newspapers .
Take a moment to marvel at the fact that I did n’t need to add anything to the story as it has been told in the media .
All it really needed was Wally .
I do n’t think any of us will ever know what really happened .
I based the comic on the media ’s speculation of events .
Remember that I ’m in the parody business and not the truth business .
DURING my wedding my best friend ’s house burned down .
Dylan and her boyfriend , Clay , had anticipated their home ’s combustion ; wildfires had been raging for days in the mountains east of Tucson where they lived .
As my wedding drew near , they packed their VW bus with Dylan ’s bridesmaid dress , their dog , laptops and photographs , and drove cross-country to East Hampton , N.Y. , where , during the festivities , they monitored events back home by phone .
Soon they learned the neighbor ’s house was gone and theirs was likely next .
By the time I walked down the aisle , their house was on its way to becoming swirling plumes of smoke .
Afterward , they returned to find their home reduced to six inches of black ash .
All that remained were some shards of mugs .
I , meanwhile , had been stockpiling crystal bowls and candlesticks .
I teetered into my marriage under the weight of 100 Tiffany boxes , robin ’s egg blue , and ready to hatch my new life with this man I loved .
For each cereal bowl my friends lost , we received four .
Eventually Dylan and Clay took the Ziploc bag of toothbrushes and hotel soap that the Red Cross had given them and , on a whim , moved to Los Angeles .
Although I admired their ability to drive off into a new life without possessions or a home , I no longer shared Dylan ’s embrace of an unfettered and unmoored life .
After all , I had a new 10 - piece Williams - Sonoma all - clad stainless steel cookware set anchoring me to where I belonged in the world .
That is sooo beautiful .
Omg .
And that movie was amazing .
Reply
Thread
Link
ia
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
WOW .
Fantastic photos !!!
Amazing .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ia , but it is sad at the same time , they never get to have a baby , and the old lady dies , i cried watching it .. idk how it is a kids movie :(
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I cried too .
I am surprised it was that deep for a kid 's movie .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Those are the best wedding photos I 've ever seen .
WIN .
Reply
Thread
Link
That is adorable .
Reply
Thread
Link
This is fucking awesome .
UP was such a great movie
Reply
Thread
Link
I was expecting something stupid like a starwars wedding ..
but this pulled at my heartstrings
Reply
Thread
Link
omg the above comment had me lol .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i heard that in the darth voice .
i rofled
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
hdu I 've already commissioned my jedi costume for my future wedding
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
OMG that is so frickin ' adorable ! < 3 it !
Reply
Thread
Link
Imagining in Nathan 's voice .
It 's cute
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
this is amazing , i love it :')
Reply
Thread
Link
ADAM GREEEEEEN !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Know what I 'm not even going to mock this , cause awwwwww it actually is cute .
Reply
Thread
Link
Ya I lied I mocked it on twitter .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
omg thats so cute .
i once saw an engagement photo in the paper of the bride laying on top of the groom in front of a white backdrop and then there was a random fake bird on the bride 's shoulder lolll
Reply
Thread
Link
lol !
THE FAKE BIRD .
I have seen that in the birthdays / births / engagements / anniversari es / weddings section of the newspaper so many times that me and my friends keep track of them now .
It 's just ridiculous !
The fact that there are some photographers out there that think that 's a good thing to do in those photos ( or any photos , outside of a child 's pirate themed birthday ) , and people who think that 's a great idea and agree to do it ... makes me a little sad .
But the lols definitely outweight the WTF haha
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
omg i did n't realize the fake bird was such a epidemic ... what is wrong with people
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
omg I love it , they are cute
and the colouring etc it 's amazing .
Reply
Thread
Link
WOW .
That 's so adorable .
Reply
Thread
Link
ONLY PAVELLLLLLLLLL <3
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
That is really effing cute
awww
Reply
Thread
Link
aww , so cute !
good luck to them .
Reply
Thread
Link
Spades and Shovels :
There 's hell of a lot of digging - work in the groundworks trade , and so a good spade is possibly the most important tool of all .
We rely of different types of spades and shovels to perform different jobs - these are the main ones ....
Tapermouth spade
If I could have only one digging tool , this would be it .
The tapermouth is , for me , the best digging spade available .
It gets its name because the blade tapers slightly , so it 's narrower at the cutting edge than it is at the shoulder .
A great , all - round tool .
Widemouth shovel
Also known as a " Squaremouth " , this is a handy tool for shovelling and levelling , with its wide business end .
However , it 's not as good as a tapermouth for digging , especially in hard or clayey ground .
Popular with brickies and other ' above ground ' trades .
Grafter spade
This is a handy tool for digging - out fence posts , or working in tough , boulder clay .
It 's is very narrow , only 100 mm or so wide at the cutting edge , with a tapering blade .
Not many uses at ground level , as the extremely narrow blade make it all but useless for shifting material , but a god - send when trying to work around roots or cables .
Trenching Spade
A hybrid between a tapermouth and a grafter , this is a narrow spade that we find useful for working in trenches .
Its narrow profile makes it good for cutting through tough soils , but being a bit wider than a grafter , it can carry a reasonable amount of excavated material out of the way .
Roundmouth shovel
Some folk swear by this type of tool , but I find them awkward .
They are fine for shovelling sands and gravels into a mixer when making concrete , but are no use at all for preparing a bed for flags or levelling out sub - base material .
Sometimes seen with a longer , plain handle , and claimed to be brilliant for digging tasks , but that is n't my experience !
Irish shovel Widely used throughout Ireland , this is one of those yokes that you have to grow up using to really understand how best to use it .
In the hands of a novice , or even when used by someone more familiar with a D - or T - handled spade , they can be awkward and unwieldy , but in the hands of a regular user , they are a tool of superb finesse .
I 'm less impressed with them as a digging tool , but for shifting and levelling loose aggregates , they have no equal .
Handles
There are two main types of handle , and they are illustrated opposite .
On the left is the D - handle , also known as a Y - handle , because of the way it forks , and on the right , the T - handle .
Anatomy of a Spade
There 's little to choose between the two , although my personal preference is for the D - handle , which I have found to be more comfortable , stronger and less likely to break than the T - handle .
On some spades , the T - piece has worked loose when wrenched with a twisting force , whereas the D - handle seems better able to cope with such stress .
Shovel or Spade ?
So ?
Is it a shovel or is it a spade ?
What 's the difference , and does it matter ?
Well , quite frankly , does it 'eck !
You might call a spade a spade , but lots of folk call a spade a shovel , and vice versa .
My dictionary reveals that a Spade , from the Old English spadu or Latin spatha , is a " long - handled digging tool with a flat blade that is pressed with the foot " , while a Shovel , from the Old English scofl , is a " long - handled tool with a broad scoop or blade used in lifting and moving loose material " .
So that 's that - you dig with a spade : you shift stuff with a shovel .
Clear as mud , eh ?
Other digging tools
A pick axe is another essential tool in the groundworker 's armoury .
Ideal for breaking up tough ground , ripping up old flags , smashing up concrete , levering and other grubbing jobs .
Picks are one of the oldest known human tools - the earliest examples were formed from deer antlers and used to grub out edible roots from the ground .
The modern pick consist of a hardwood shaft , usually hickory , with a tough , forged steel head .
Pick
Axe with broad chisel at one end and point at other
The typical format is " Point and Chisel " - one end of the head is tapered to a dull point and the other is broadened out to a chisel , although there are many variations - some chisel - ends may be vertical , more like an axe , and some pick - heads may consist of two chisels , one vertical and one horizontal ( sometimes referred to as " English Pattern " ) .
One variation on the pick - axe is the Mattock , from the Old English ' mattuc '.
This tool tend to be slightly smaller than typical pick - axe with at least one end of the head considerably broadened out .
This is a great tool for breaking - up soils and clay or for levering out awkward roots , tree stumps or fence posts .
Again , an " English Mattock " has one horizontal end and one vertical , axe - like end .
Mattock - very useful tool !
Mauls and Mallets
Mauls are the big hammers used to knock down pavings .
Sometimes written as ' Mall ' , which seems to be a shortened form of ' Mallet ' , they are definitely pronounced " Maul " ( rhymes with Paul ) rather than " Mal " ( to rhyme with ' Pal ' ) and the term apparently derives from the Latin ' malleus ' - a hammer .
For many , many years , right up until , as a young boy in the 1960s , I started accompanying my Dad onto the sites , mauls were always made from wood .
They usually had two hoops of iron that would be heat - shrunk around the wooden head to help prevent it splitting during use .
However , rubber composite mauls started to become popular about that time , as they were generally kinder to the flags and kerbs .
There seems to be two common types of composite mauls : fibre - reinforced rubber that is quite dense and surprisingly hard - wearing , and solid - rubber mauls .
We find that the solid - rubber type has a tendency to split when giving a particularly awkward flagstone an almighty wallop , and they occasionally leaves marks on concrete flags and kerbs .
The rubber 'n ' fibre mauls seem tougher , more resilient and give years of trouble free service .
Indeed , I still have the rubber 'n' fibre maul I started working with when I left school in 1977 .
That 's it on the left ; it 's worn a bit , and has a few scars from the blades of errant Power Saws , but it 's still perfectly serviceable and has laid in excess of 70,000 m² of flags and 400 Km of kerbs in its time !
Modern modifed - rubber maul Lighter ' block hammer ' type
The traditional wooden mauls , sometimes referred to as " betels " , are still available today , and are actually preferred by some tradesmen , but not this one !
They seem to more popular in London and South - East England than they are up here in t'north .
Having the craic with flaggers in the Capital reveals that the wooden mauls are still as prone to splitting as ever , except nowadays , the iron bands are much harder to replace - most tool stockists will only supply complete mauls , and will not or cannot supply spare bands .
That 's why the wooden maul on the right , belonging to a London based cable and paving gang , is held together with two lengths of chain !
While full - sized mauls are ideal for persuading 100 mm thick Yorkstone Flags into place , they can be a bit cumbersome for more delicate work , such as block paving , where the lighter ' block hammer ' shown above is a more versatile tool .
We also have mini-mauls , or " rubber mallets " - we call them " Clonkers " on site , as they are used to " clonk " bricks into place .
500g , 250g and white non-marking mallets
They come in various sizes and two main types - those with a shaft that passes right through the head , and those that have a head that sits atop the shaft .
We find the through - shaft types have a longer life than the other type .
There is one type that features a small nail fastening the head to the shaft , as shown on the right .
These have the knack , without fail , of splitting in two the first time they have been used with any force , and are best avoided .
A handy tool to have , and not just for paving !
It 's one of those yokes for which you 'll soon find a hundred other uses .
Hammers
Hammers are another vital piece of kit in the paving trade .
There used to be a vast range of hammers available , but the specialist masons ' hammers are quite rare nowadays , and I spent over 3 years looking for a replacement Goat 's Head Hammer a few years back .
So , most tradesmen now rely on two or three basic types of hammer , most important of which is the Lump Hammer , aka the Club Hammer .
It 's cheap , it 's ubiquitous , it 's reliable and it does the job .
The lump hammer comes in a few basic sizes , or , more accurately , weights - ranging between 2lb ( 0.9kg ) and 4lb ( 1.8kg ) .
A 2lb or 2½lb ( 1.1kg ) is the most comfortable to work with , but the 4lb beast is handy when working with heavier materials , such as natural stone .
Replacement shafts and heads are available , resulting in the legend of " Murphy 's Hammer " which he claimed to have had for over 30 years .
It had had 12 new heads and 16 new shafts , but he'd had the same hammer for over 30 years !
However , these hammers are now so cheap , often under a tenner , that most tradesmen will replace the entire unit rather than fit a new shaft to the head or vice - versa .
Two other handy hammers often found in the tool buckets of many a Pavior , are the Brick Hammer and a Scutching Hammer .
Both are also commonly used in the bricklaying trades .
The brick hammer features one chisel end that is useful for snapping or trimming bricks , while a scutching hammer holds removable ' combs ' or ' blades ' and is used to ' scutch - off ' old mortar or pitch from pavings ( and bricks ! )
Brick Hammer Scutching Hammer
The final hammer in a good tool kit is the Sledge Hammer , a heavy hammer that is also known as ' The Persuader ' .
They come in a variety of sizes , all based on head weights - 7lb ( 3.2kg ) is the lightest of the sledge hammer family and then there 's a 10 lb ( 4.5kg ) , a 14lb ( 6.3kg ) and a 20 lb ( 9kg ) monster that you really do n't want to use all that often !
Invaluable for breaking up old concrete , or any solid mass that needs reducing in size , sledge hammers are also handy for snapping road kerbs once they 've been scored , demolishing old walls , driving stakes into the ground and 101 other tasks around the site .
Chisels
There are 3 basic chisels used in the paving trade - Bolster Chisels , Pitching Chisels and Cold Chisels .
You can read more about their uses in the Cutting with Hand Tools section of this site .
Bolsters :
Bolsters are used to clean off stone and other pavings .
They have a wide cutting edge , ranging from 30 mm up to 100 mm , and the blade is relatively thin - see sketch .
They are sometimes used to cut pavings , but they are n't as reliable as a Pitching Chisel for this task .
The wide cutting edge is useful for smoothing off a rough - cut face , and for cutting out channels in a concrete floor or wall .
Pitchers :
These are becoming increasingly rare as more and more Paviors come to rely on Power Saws rather than hand tools for their cutting tasks .
They are primarily used to split flags or kerbs , both concrete and natural stone , and to ' pitch ' the face when dressing stone .
I know of only 3 outlets in Northern England that still supply these tools - if you know of anywhere else , I 'd be delighted to hear about them .
Cold Chisels :
These are the work - horses of the chisel family .
They are used for cutting , trimming , shaping , forming , smoothing , carving , breaking out , and almost any other job that involves using brute force to affect stone or concrete .
The standard cold chisel has a simple chisel end , usually the same width as the shaft .
They come in a range of widths , from tiny 6 mm fine detail chisels to 50 - 60 mm wide " drifts " as used at the business end of a jack - hammer .
There are also chisels that come to a point - these are known as " Punches " , and special chisels that hold combs and other stone - dressing ' bits ' , but , as with the Pitchers mentioned above , these too are becoming increasingly rare .
Trowels and Floats
Trowels are an essential tool for any half - decent contractor .
Although there 's less mortar pointing work done since the rise to dominance of block paving , trowels still have their uses , and should be included in every basic tool kit .
Two essential trowels are a decent Brick Trowel and a good Pointing Trowel .
The Brick Trowel has a large blade , up to 300 mm in length and is used to butter mortar onto flags , as well as for general bed levelling , and , of course , bricklaying .
Without doubt , the best Brick trowels in the world are Marshalltown .
They ain't cheap , but , if they 're properly looked after , they 'll last a lifetime .
Pointing trowels are much smaller , with a blade around 75 - 150 mm .
They are used , as the name suggests , primarily for pointing , but they are also handy for cleaning out tight corners , such as in manholes .
There 's nothing more certain to knacker the wrists and make the arms ache than an uncomfortable trowel .
If there 's a lot of mortar work to be done , it 's worth checking out a few different trowels and finding one which suits your hand .
A good trowel has a chunky , curved handle that fits snugly into the palm , and the trowel as a whole should have a good sense of balance .
The blade should be bright steel , at least 1.5 m m thick and have a high - pitched ring when struck .
Look out for shoddy welding of the blade to the neck , or a loose ferrule .
Remember , the way a trowel feels in the Tool Shop is not the same as it will feel when it 's laden with mortar .
Floats are used mostly with concrete work , but they can have other uses .
Bull floats are normally used to smooth and finish wet concrete , after it 's been levelled and tamped .
Large bull floats may be attached to extendible handles known as booms for use when floating larger areas of concrete , but the example shown opposite is a typical hand model .
We also find them very useful for smoothing out screeded bedding layers , especially when preparing complex areas , infilling channels where the screeder rail / trammel bars were positioned , or small spots where a screeder bar would n't be able to fit .
Arris Trowels are only used with concrete work .
They are used to form the rounded edges that help minimise spalling and fracturing of the concrete bays .
They can also be used to form grooves for control joints .
Levels
Setting levels is one of the fundamental tasks for any paving or drainage project .
When establishing levels over a site , we would use an Automatic Level or a Laser Level , but for small - scale works , and when checking verticality ( plumb ) , a spirit level is the tool to use .
Their name comes from the fact that the vial ( aka " Bubble Tube " ) contains a coloured " spirit " and a bubble of air .
The body of the tool is adjusted until the bubble within the vial is aligned between the two guide lines , and then the spirit level is said to be flat ( or plumb ) .
A good tool kit would have a couple of spirit levels - full length " Long Level " and a shorter " Boat Level " .
All spirit levels rely on the accuracy of the vial set within the body , and the longer the body , the less error there will be .
All spirit levels should have at least two vials - one for horizontal readings and one for verticals ( plumb ) .
The Long Level best suited to groundworks is a 1200 mm long model .
Long enough to be reasonably accurate ( we expect an accuracy of at least 0.5 mm per metre ) yet not so long that it is cumbersome .
It is also a handy rule for marking straight lines when cutting , and can also be used as a short screeder bar .
The Boat Level ( so named because of the shape ) is used to check horizontality of kerb tops and other short checks where the Long Level might be too large or clumsy .
Boat Levels , being shorter , tend not to be as accurate as Long Levels - 1 mm per metre is a good standard .
Barrows
When it comes to moving muck , sand , stone or blocks , there 's nowt handier than a barrow , but , there are barrows and there are barrows .
A builder 's barrow is a good all - round piece of kit , made from steel with a pneumatic wheel , whereas the flaky , shaky solid wheel pathetic excuses often touted as ' Garden Barrows ' are a waste of good tin , and will not last more than a couple of days on site .
There are single - wheeled builder 's barrows , and there are twin - wheeled barrows , sometime called Road Barrows or Navvies '
Barrows due to their being popular on streetworks .
While the twin - wheeled barrows are very stable and a good tool for shifting materials around on a level site , the single - wheeled type is probably more versatile on open ground or for everyday use .
While the capacity of the twin - wheeler is often admired by the gangerman , the labourers are not always as pleased , as it's them that has to push and tip the damned thing !
The skip of a barrow is manufactured by one of two manufacturing methods : it will either be pressed or it will be cut 'n ' folded .
The pressed skips are manufactured by pressing a sheet of thinnish steel over a former , so the finished skip is a single ' pan ' with no joints .
Cut and Folded skips are manufactured from a sheet of steel that is cut to a precise shape and then ' wrapped ' or folded to form the classic skip shape .
In our experience , cut 'n ' folded barrows tend to be made from a thicker gauge steel , and are tougher but heavier than pressed skips .
The chassis is normally formed from tubular steel .
There are dozens of configurations but most are a single tube , bent to shape , to which the skip is attached either by welding or by bolting .
Welds can snap , while bolts can wear away at the fastening hole , until the head of the bolt pops through , which means the skip is no longer properly attached to the chassis .
Also , having the bolt head protruding from the base of the skip means they can catch on a shovel that is being used to mix mortar in the barrow .
Overall , we prefer welded skips .
Finally , wheels .
Only a pneumatic wheel is suitable .
Solid wheels may seem a good idea as there 's no chance of picking up a puncture , but , boy , can they be bloody hard work to push , especially over rough ground !
Most contractors will carry a spare barrow wheel with them so that when a barrow gets the inevitable puncture , work is n't delayed while a labourer is despatched to get a repair done at the local Tyre Depot .
Ever get that burning curiosity ?
You must see what that often - passed place looks like on the inside – or in a new light .
Doors Open Toronto provides that free Â opportunity again this mid Spring , the weekend of Â Saturday May 29th and Sunday May 30th .
There are 150 venues across Toronto from Black Creek Village through the Downtown ’s Heritage building and churches to the UofT ’s Scarborough Campus Â in the East end .
Nearly 150 buildings will open their doors to visitors from 10 AM to 5:00 PM [ last admission is at 4:30 PM for many ] .
Think of Doors Open as Jane ’s Walk Right
In for many architecturally and historically fascinating buildings throughout Toronto .
And what is nice is that some venues emulate Jane ’s Walk and have information and even guides to tell some of the architectural , construction and renovation story associated with a building .
And most impressive of all you are allowed to take pictures in almost all of the buildings .
Here is a Zackman Sampler of images taken on previous years Doors Open Days :
Allan Gardens has become my new favorite place to sit , read Â and contemplate the year around .
And of course the amenities with floral fragrances and delicate hues are nothing to sniff at .
Neither is the price , $ 0.0 from 9 AM to 5 PM Â for 7 days a week .
St Luke ’s United Church is right next to Allan Gardens and its beautiful stained glass Â windows , ample balcony , and inspiring altar make it a worship - full stop in the city .
Design Exchange is in the old Toronto Stock Exchange Building right in TD Centre and across Bay from the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce – CIBC [ quite a mouthful ] .
There are some wonderful Art Deco designs and murals that have managed to survive the many changes and renovations in the building .
If you missed Janes Walk – DO / TO is a second and good opportunity to poke around in the lanes and byways of Toronto and find some of the great community places and architecture around town .
Â
And of course its an opportunity to walk , talk with Â and / or meet fellow Toronto spirits .
New Zealand has the fourth lowest rate of software piracy in the world after the United States , Japan and Luxembourg , according to the Business Software Alliance ( BSA ) , but is not being rewarded with correspondingly lower prices for popular software .
The BSA is an anti-piracy group funded by Microsoft and other large software makers .
The study , by research firm IDC , estimated that 43 per cent of software used on the world 's personal computers last year was pirated , up from 41 per cent in 2008 , costing the global software industry US $ 51.4 billion ( NZ $ 65.1 b ) .
Thirty - five per cent to 45 per cent was " legitimately paid for " and the rest was free or open source .
IDC estimated that in New Zealand 22 per cent of software was pirated , unchanged over each of the previous three years .
Despite the low piracy rate , customers are being charged 40 per cent more for some popular Microsoft software .
Office productivity suite mainstay Microsoft Office Professional 2007 was selling for $ 1149 at Noel Leeming and Bond and Bond last week .
The same software was on sale at Amazon.com for US $ 406 ( NZ$ 568 ) and at British electronic goods chain Dixons for 321 ( NZ$ 669 ) .
Office 2007 Home and Student edition was last week priced at $ 249 by Noel Leeming , US$ 99 ( NZ $ 139 ) at Amazon and 69.99 ( NZ $ 146 ) at Dixons .
Microsoft spokeswoman Lucy Powell denied it was overcharging .
" You will probably find throughout the year there are deals available .
We have to look at everything , like market conditions , freighting , GST and margins for the retailer . "
Prices for many items , not just software , are higher because of New Zealand 's geographical remoteness and small population , she says .
" There are many forces at play . "
Microsoft meanwhile said it had successfully sued a person who had been selling counterfeit Microsoft Office 2007 software on Trade Me .
Trade
Me welcomed the outcome of the case at Manukau District Court .
Given the global recession and that more than half of new PCs were sold to consumers rather than businesses , 2009 was a surprisingly good year in the fight against software piracy , IDC said .
It said it was possible the rate of piracy had peaked .
The BSA said piracy could have taken a " dramatic turn for the worse " because of the downturn .
2009 Piracy Rates
China 79
pc
Brazil 56pc
Italy 49
pc
Spain 42pc
South Africa 35
pc
Britain 27
pc
Australia 25
pc
New Zealand 22pc
United States 20
pc
Meet the Press executive producer Betsy Fischer tweets :
Sounds like Rand is trying to go rogue , just like Sarah Palin in 2008 .
It actually might make sense for him to go into hiding .
Ever since his crazy victory speech Tuesday night , every time he opens his mouth he seems to step in it .
Whether he 's supporting the right for public businesses to discriminate based on race , calling President Obama " un- American " for criticizing BP , attributing his opposition to the American with Disabilities
Act to a government mandate that does not exist , or refusing to declare whether or not he supports having a minimum wage , Rand Paul has become the best argument against his own candidacy .
So maybe it 's smart for him to head for the mattresses and avoid public scrutiny and stop answering questions altogether .
After all , the next policy he might get asked about is whether or not he supports guaranteed overtime pay -- and we all know if he answers that one honestly , his aspirations for the U.S. Senate will be toast , if they are n't already .
Update ( 2:04 PM ) : And it 's official .
He 's canceled , citing " exhaustion . "
He 's only the third major guest in the show 's 62 - year history to do so .
( Note : I 've changed the headline to reflect this , from " tries to squirm out of " to " squirms out of . " )
Update ( 2:09 PM ) : I wonder when he 's going to blame Rachel Maddow .
You gotta ' figure that excuse will be coming soon , that he just can't stand the " heat " at MSNBC or NBC .
You know , tough questions like : " Do you support the civil rights act ? " or " Do you support guaranteed overtime pay ? "
Update ( 2:26 PM ) : As several commenters have suggested , NBC should put on Jack Conway instead .
Update ( 2:30 PM ) : Paul spokesman : " Rand did Good Morning America today , set the record straight , and now we are done talking about it ... no more national interviews on the topic . "
Okay , fine , but are n't there other questions ?
Like where he stands on the Fair Labor Standards
Act which guarantees overtime pay ?
Why hide from them ?
# # #
Please support Rand Paul's Democratic opponent , Jack Conway : he 's a good guy , he needs our help , and he can win .
California Sen. Barbara
Boxer has a message for marijuana law reform activists : Just say no .
The liberal senator ’s position might come as a surprise , but it ’s no surprise to those who follow California politics :
Boxer is facing perhaps the toughest reelection race of her career in 2010 .
She ’s neck - and - neck with former GOP Rep .
Tom Campbell and slightly ahead of former Hewlett Packard chief Carly Fiorina .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a statement issued late Friday to liberal blog Talking Points Memo , Boxer ’s campaign manager Rose Kapolczynski said the senator opposes a California ballot measure that seeks to legalize and tax marijuana .
“ Senator Boxer does not support this initiative because she shares the concerns of police chiefs , sheriffs and other law enforcement officials that this measure could lead to an increase in crime , vehicle accidents and higher costs for local law enforcement agencies , ” Kapolczynski said .
“ She supports current law in California , which allows for the use of medicinal marijuana with a doctor ’s prescription . ”
Boxer ’s six - year Senate term comes to a close this year .
She ’ll stand for election Nov. 2 against a yet - to - be- determined Republican challenger .
The marijuana legalization measure will be on the Nov. 2 ballot as well .
If California voters approve , it will be the most comprehensive reform of marijuana laws ever undertaken in the United States .
While some states , such as Oregon , have relatively lax penalties for possession , no state has attempted to regulate and tax the herb before .
ADVERTISEMENT
The measure ’s chances are good : A poll taken last April found that 56 percent of Californians want to see the herb legalized and taxed .
According to the L.A.
Times , the measure would make it legal for anyone over 21 to own an ounce or less of pot , and to grow pot for personal use in a space no larger than 25 square feet .
It would also give cities the right to license marijuana growers and sellers , and to collect taxes on the crop .
Editor ’s note :
This is the conclusion of the series that provides an essential basis for the understanding of energy transitions and use .
The previous posts in this series can be seen at :
Part I – Definitions
Part II – Coal - and Wood - Fired Electricity Generation
Part III – Natural Gas- Fired Electricity Generation
Part IV – New Renewables Electricity Generation
America ’s dominant mode of electricity generation is via combustion of bituminous and sub- bituminous coal in large thermal stations .
All such plants have boilers and steam turbogenerators and electrostatic precipitators to capture fly ash , but they burn different qualities of coal that may come from surface as well as underground mines , have different arrangements for cooling ( once - through using river water or various cooling towers ) and many have flue gas desulfurization to reduce SO 2 emissions .
Consequently , these conversions of chemical energy in coal to electricity feature widely differing power densities : for the power plants alone they are commonly in excess of 2 kW / m2 and can be as high as 5 kW / m2 .
When all other requirements ( coal mining , storage , environmental controls , settling ponds ) are included , the densities inevitably decline and range over an order of magnitude : from as low as 100 W /m2 to as much as 1,000 W ( 1 kW ) / m2 .
In contrast , compact gas turbines plants ( the smallest ones on trailers and larger facilities that can be rapidly assembled from prefabricated units ) , which can be connected to existing gas supply , can generate electricity with power density as high as 15 kW / m2 .
Larger stations ( > 100 MW ) using the most efficient combined - cycle arrangements ( with a gas turbine ’s exhaust used to generate steam for an attached steam turbine ) will operate with lower power densities , and if new natural gas extraction capacities have to be developed for their operation then the overall power density of gas and electricity production would decline to a range similar to that of coal - fired thermal generation or slightly higher , that is in most cases to a range of 200- 2000 W /m2 .
Photosynthesis is an inherently inefficient energy conversion process , and production of biomass has large space requirements .
Even with an intensively cultivated plantation of fast - growing trees , a wood - burning electricity generation plant would not have power densities higher than 0.6 W/m2 , and for most operations the rate would be below 0.5 W/m2 .
Space demand for such facilities , then , would be two to three orders of magnitude ( 100 to 1,000 times ) greater than for coal - or gas - fired electricity generation .
Photovoltaic plants can generate electricity with much higher power densities than wood - burning station — converting solar radiation to new biomass has overall efficiency no better than 1 % while even relatively inefficient PV cells have efficiencies around 5 % and today ’s best commercial facilities go above 10 % .
Taking only the PV cell area into consideration , this translates to power densities of mostly between 10 - 20 W / m2 .
But when all ancillary space requirements are included , the typical density range declines to 4 - 9 W / m2 , an order of magnitude higher than for wood - powered generation but one to three orders of magnitude lower ( that is demanding 10 to 1,000 times more space ) than the common modes of fossil fueled electricity production .
Power densities for central solar power are slightly higher , with rates as high as 45 - 55 W / m2 , when only the area of heliostats is considered , but with overall power densities ( including spacing , access roads and the tower facilities ) on the order of 10 W / m2 .
Finally , wind - driven electricity generation has power densities similar to , or slightly higher than , wood - burning stations , with most new installations using powerful ( 1 - 6 MW ) turbines fitting into a range between 0.5 - 1.5 W/m2 .
Power Source Power Density ( W/m2 ) Low High Natural Gas 200 2000 Coal 100 1000 Solar ( PV ) 4 9 Solar ( CSP ) 4 10 Wind 0.5 1.5 Biomass 0.5 0.6
Implications of these differences are manifold .
Changing the power density - determined infrastructure of energy systems that were created over more than a century for electricity generation from fossil fuel combustion will not be easy .
A fossil - fuelled civilization has been securing the supply of its most flexible form of energy by “ shifting downward , ” that is by generating electricity with power densities 1 - 3 orders of magnitude higher than the common power densities with which electricity is used in buildings , factories and cities .
In a civilization that would rely only on renewable energy flows , but that would inherit today ’s urban and industrial systems , we would produce electricity at best with the same power densities with which they would be used –- but more often we would have to concentrate diffuse flows of solar radiation , wind , and biomass in order to bridge power density gaps of 2 - 3 orders of magnitude .
This new energy infrastructure would increase fixed land requirements and preempt any other form of land use in areas devoted to PV cells , heliostats or fast - growing wood plantations .
Most of the area occupied by large wind farms could be used for crops or grazing but other land uses would be excluded , and large areas dotted with wind turbines would require construction and maintenance of access roads as well as the creation of buffer zones not suitable for permanent human habitation .
And in all cases of renewable energy conversion , much more land would be needed for more extensive transmission rights - of - way in order to export electricity from sunny and windy regions , or from areas suited for mass - scale biomass production , to major urban and industrial areas .
As a result , these new energy infrastructures would have to be spread over areas ten to a thousand times larger than today ’s infrastructure of fossil fuel extraction , combustion and electricity generation : this is not an impossible feat , but one posing many regulatory ( environmental assessments of affected areas , rights - of - way permission and inevitable lawsuits ) , technical and logistic challenges .
Higher reliance on renewable energies may be desirable ( mainly because of perceived environmental and strategic reasons ) and technical advances would also make it an increasingly appealing economic choice –- but inherently low power densities of these conversions will require a new system of fuel and electricity supply that will be able to substitute for today ’s dominant practices only after decades of gradual development .
Power densities of fossil fuel extraction , thermal electricity generation and renewable modes of electricity production .
Reproduced from : V.Smil Energy Transitions : History , Requirements , Prospects ( Praeger : 2010 ) .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : South Side
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
However , you can make my loss your gain !
Seriously , despite my crippling emotional detachment from this paddle and my tendency to replace intimacy with alcohol , I can tell you this is one heck of a paddle .
It is made out of genuine 100 % leather , and features beginner ( smooth ) and intermediate ( studded ) sides .
It fits nicely in your hand , has a nice swing to it , and makes a wonderful sound in either beginner or intermediate modes .
Looking for anything fun , funny , or random .
I 'm thinking I 'll drop this thing off somewhere pre-determined , you can pick it up , and leave whatever we decide to bother for .
Quite frankly this whole thing is a little creepy and weird .
And awesome .
Please , no dildos , butt plugs , or vibrators - that 's just freaky .
Variety recently talked to Jeffrey Katzenberg , CEO of DreamWorks Animation , about the state of 3D film making .
Katzenberg promptly released the Kraken on Clash of the Titans .
Here 's why he thinks it could spell the end of 3D .
Advertisement
As Katzenberg reminds us , " all 3D is not created equal . "
The post - production 3D in Clash of the Titans , he explains , is the worst of the worst , and he thinks it wo n't be long before audiences get hip to the scam and start pushing back .
Katzenberg :
We 've seen the highest end of ( 3D ) in " Avatar " and you have now witnessed the lowest end of it ( in " Titans " )
You cannot do anything that is of a lower grade and a lower quality [ 3D ] than what has just been done on " Clash of the Titans . "
It literally is " OK , congratulations !
You just snookered the movie audience . "
The act of doing it was disingenuous .
We may get away with it a few times but in the long run , ( moviegoers ) will wake up .
And the day they wake up is the day they walk away from us and we blew it .
... There are dozens of decisions literally that are about to be made or have just been made in the last 30 or 60 days and in the next 30 or 60 days , the sum of which will determine what happens to 3 D ... if we as an industry choose this 2D to 3D post - production conversion , it 's the end .
As quickly as it got here , that 's how fast it will go away .
Advertisement
Geez Jeff .
Tell us how you really feel .
We 've previously looked at how 2D movies are converted to 3D , and as Katzenberg makes clear , the quality of post - production 3D work varies greatly .
Jesus thought 3D was unnecessary in Alice in Wonderland , but Katzenberg explains that as far as post - production 3D goes , it was a noble effort :
[ Burton ] said " Look , I 'm not gonna shoot it in 3 D but I will very specifically design shots and sequences in this film " which then in the post production process can be amplified and , through special effects , actually deliver a pretty high - end 3D experience .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But to Katzenberg , at least , it 's clear that when it comes to 3D , not every director is a Tim Burton ( and certainly not a James Cameron ) .
And I think most moviegoers would agree : if the 3D theater experience is sufficiently diluted in this early , tentative stage , audiences will just start giving up on the format altogether .
You can read the entirety of Katzenberg 's highly quotable interview at Variety .
Django 1.2 release schedule - Update 5
There has been a lot of activity on Django 's trunk this week , but this is n't reflected in the ticket count .
The overall open ticket count has increased to 49 ; this count contains an extra 3 documentation / translation tickets , for a total of 35 .
This means there are 14 substantive tickets blocking a release candidate -- which is the same as last week .
Although the number of substantive tickets is the same as last week , there has been progress .
Several tickets were closed during the week , but an equal number were opened or re-opened as a result of additional testing .
The new issues that have been reported are mostly edge cases that were missed by earlier fixes , such as the special handling required to allow for loading code from eggs .
On a positive note , the serious performance regression reported last week has been fixed .
The { % url %} template tag has been modified to avoid backtracking problems during template parsing .
As a result of the new tickets , it 's unlikely that we will fix all the RC - blocking bugs by April 19 .
Therefore , we 're going to push back the RC date by another week .
This means we are now targeting a release candidate around April 26 , with a final release around May 3 .
As always -- any and all assistance is most welcome ; the more assistance we get , the faster 1.2 will land .
France 's Controversial Immigration Minister The Man Who Launched the Burqa Debate
For months the French have been embroiled in a public debate centered on their national identity and a possible ban on the burqa .
Immigration Minister Éric Besson , a former Socialist , is the man behind the aggressive debate , making him one of France 's most controversial politicians .
A shortage of high - quality paper for recycling could mean scratchy toilet tissue .
To keep consumers happy and avoid any chafed rear ends , companies are now on a quest to find new paper supplies , according to an article in the current issue of Chemical & Engineering News ( C&EN ) .
The problem : Consumers once could fill up large bins with their recycled newspapers , magazines and print paper .
But as electronic communication surges , these sources of recycled paper are becoming scarce .
The shortage could impact those who choose toilet paper with a bulky amount of recycled material , but most household tissue products contain very little recycled paper , according to WWF , an international environmental organization .
For those who prefer the eco-brands , high - end choices are more than about status .
High - quality paper contains long cellulose fibers with intact cell walls , so it can be used to make high - end products , including toilet paper .
The gold standard is virgin pulp from newly harvested trees , whose fibers are long and strong .
Each time that paper gets recycled , the fibers become shorter and weaker , with lower - quality brown paper producing recycled material with the shortest , weakest fibers .
One green - products company , Seventh Generation , is already feeling the heat .
The Vermont - based company has had to extend beyond its normal paper mills to find the best recycled paper .
" We want a recycled paper that has certain quality , " Martin Wolf , director of product and environmental technology at the company , told C&EN .
" We look for the longest fiber possible for strength and absorbency , and as flexible a fiber as possible so toilet tissue is soft . "
In addition to the paper chase , chemical companies are developing new coatings and other additives that can improve the softness , strength and performance of recycled paper .
Copyright © 2010 LiveScience.com .
All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Voters and politicians in Ohio used to slap down attempts to expand gambling in their state .
But last week , many cheered as demolition crews razed an old auto - parts plant in Columbus to make way for a new casino .
Facing high unemployment and the aftermath of a $ 3.2 billion state - budget shortfall , Ohioans voted to allow casinos in November .
Gov.
Ted Strickland dropped his longtime opposition to video lottery machines , proposing to add them to racetracks to generate new tax revenue .
" If I had not been confronted with these difficult circumstances , I would have obviously opposed expanding gambling in Ohio , " says Mr. Strickland .
Nationwide , the public - funding crisis has led many state and local leaders to similarly reverse course .
Hampered by withering funds for law enforcement , health care and other public services , a growing number of officials are condoning activities and businesses they'd be apt to restrict in better economic times .
For fiscal 2011 , 38 states project combined budget shortfalls of $ 89 billion , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures , a bipartisan policy research group .
Thirty - one states expect budget gaps totaling $ 73.5 billion in 2012 .
As a result , says Todd Haggerty , an analyst at the group , lawmakers are " trying anything and everything in order to bring their budgets into balance . "
Magic and fairy - tale ’s is what the UK government is focusing on … . yea they think religion is education … when religion is in fact the opposite of education …
Perhaps in a few years .. the UK will be like Israel / Palestine / Iran / Irak … the country split into war zones .. who has the best magic book .
— — — —-8<—— ——
The Conservatives and Liberal Democrats said the new administration would allow religious organisations to run a new wave of primary and secondary schools funded at taxpayers ’ expense .
England already has 7,000 faith schools , the vast majority of which are Anglican and Roman Catholic .
Any expansion would be likely to lead to a growth in Jewish , Muslim , Hindu and Sikh schools as religious leaders push for other faiths to be more fairly represented in the state system .
David Cameron , who sends his daughter to a sought - after Church of England primary in west London , said he was a “ strong supporter personally and politically ” of faith schools .
But in a move seen as a concession to the Lib Dems , the coalition ’s new policy blueprint says that these new schools would be expected to run “ inclusive ” admissions policies .
It is likely to lead to a tightening up of rules allowing schools to select pupils along religious lines , although the details are yet to be finalised .
The Lib Dems have previously called for faith schools to admit more pupils from families that refuse to support their religious ethos , as well as an end to rules that allow them to opt out of equalities legislation .
In an interview this year , Mr Cameron said : “ I think that faith schools are a really important part of our education system and they often have a culture and ethos which helps to drive up standards .
If anything , I would like to see faith schools grow . ”
Read more
— — ——->8 — — ——
–
Bonus
Send to
Delicious – Twitter – Digg – reddit – StumbleUpon – buzz – Facebook – More
Memorial Day : Remembering the Dead
The government holiday now known as Memorial Day has become largely , in practice , “ Barbeque day ” here in the USSA .
The purpose for which it was established is much more nefarious .
It is meant to be a memorial of the soldiers who died fighting for the government ( specifically for Union soldiers after the Civil War , it was expanded after WWI ) .
But from an anti-state point of view , there is a good purpose in remembering our dead soldiers .
That would be the same as remembering the victims of any atrocity .
So that instead of saying “ thanks for propping up our government ” we can say “ never again ” .
The United States , like most nation - states I suspect , is chock full of war memorials .
Every city has a few .
The US has been a very warlike nation in its short history .
These memorials , in addition to a token pacification of the pain of losing family members in war , act as an incentive to potential new soldiers .
“ If you should die fighting , we will remember your sacrifice . ”
But what have they sacrificed for ?
Despite what the propaganda saying says , they did not , in most cases , die for our freedom .
There are only two cases of US government war ( post - revolution ) where any sort of case could be made that the government was fighting for its citizens ’ freedom : The Civil War , and WWII .
Despite the fact that there is a growing faction of people who argue otherwise , I think the Civil War has a decent case to be made .
Once the southern states seceded , there was no longer any sort of legislative possibility of freeing the slaves in those areas .
If the US had opened its border to fleeing slaves and gone as far as to extract them from the south , there likely would have been war anyway .
And the southern states seceded , at least in part , over fears that slavery would be abolished .
However , even in this case , there is a lot of moral ambiguity .
Did the northern states emancipate their slaves in 1860 ?
Even the emancipation proclamation only claimed to free the slaves in the confederate territories .
And the war itself was conducted using tactics that amounted sometimes to crimes against humanity .
The Civil War was not explicitly fought in order to free the slaves , but to reclaim the territory of the southern states .
Does anyone believe that if the CSA had emancipated its slaves in 1861 that the US government would have called off the war ?
Lincoln could have said something to this effect .
He could have said “ we accept your right to secede , but we cannot accept your enslavement of millions . ”
But of course he did n’t , and so the war was at best a dark grey affair .
It is this war which produced much of the war memorials and Memorial Day itself , as the government tried to pacify its people from the anguish and horror of what had just transpired .
As for WWII , the possibility of the Axis successfully taking North America may have been unlikely , but it was a real threat .
Hitler was working ( somewhat unsuccessfully ) on cruise missiles , long range bombers and nuclear weapons to use against us , and Japan had struck our shore .
So in this instance , there was a self - defense motivation to fight and win this war .
It has been argued that FDR intentionally manipulated the US into the war , which is entirely possible , yet it is also possible that Japan would have attacked us sooner or later anyway .
Our conduct in the war however amounted to mass murder of civilians through bombing , both nuclear and otherwise .
And let ’s not forget the internment camps , where 100000 +
US citizens were imprisoned simply for having Japanese ancestry .
WWII was also a direct result of the effects of WWI and the terrible , punitive conditions imposed on Germany by the Treaty Of Versailles .
And WWI was one war that the US entered simply for reasons of world domination , economic and otherwise .
Had we not entered , it is likely that the allies would not have been able to press for “ unconditional surrender ” .
As for the Jews , they were turned away from our shores during Hitler ’s reign before , and even after we entered the war .
Not one bomb was dropped on the train tracks leading to the camps , though bombing raids were taking place nearby .
Why did n’t the US government say “ Send us your huddled masses , even Jews , Gypsies and homosexuals ” ?
Again , this one is at best , a dark grey area .
Outside of these two conflicts , the US was involved militarily over and over simply for reasons of economic and political domination .
We still are today .
The extensive war in Afghanistan no longer has much if anything to do with Al Qaeda , if it ever did .
And Iraq is simply a case of US power politics taken to the level of mass murder .
You do n’t have to poke very deeply to see the economic corruption behind the scenes of these wars , just as with Vietnam and Korea , Panama and Grenada , Cuba and the Phillipines .
General Smedley Butler gave a rather famous speech called “ War is a Racket “ , which he later expanded , and it ’s still relevant today .
To quote one of the more well - known passages :
“ I spent 33 years and four months in active military service and during that period I spent most of my time as a high class muscle man for Big Business , for Wall Street and the bankers .
In short , I was a racketeer , a gangster for capitalism .
I helped make Mexico and especially Tampico safe for American oil interests in 1914 .
I helped make Haiti and Cuba a decent place for the National City Bank boys to collect revenues in .
I helped in the raping of half a dozen Central American republics for the benefit of Wall Street .
I helped purify Nicaragua for the International Banking House of Brown Brothers in 1902 - 1912 .
I brought light to the Dominican Republic for the American sugar interests in 1916 .
I helped make Honduras right for the American fruit companies in 1903 .
In China in 1927 I helped see to it that Standard Oil went on its way unmolested .
Looking back on it , I might have given Al Capone a few hints .
The best he could do was to operate his racket in three districts .
I operated on three continents . ”
Governments will always create pretexts , however thin , for their activities , especially war .
But in most cases , it is the same sort of business - government corruption that occurs throughout our economy , only writ large and more deadly .
So when you go about your memorializing this Memorial Day , please , remember those who died ( unwittingly , for no soldier would openly fight for something as crass as gangsterism , unless he was getting a cut of the action , which in most cases , they do n’t ) both soldier and civilian , to fatten the pockets of the power elite .
And remember that as long as we have a power elite who historically have been willing to kill off entire cities to make a few extra bucks , we will always have war .
Remember that .
And if you do , perhaps one day we can honestly say “ never again ” .
Hapless gun robber picks on the wrong man mountain : Betting shop raider loses out to 18 - stone angry punter
[ caption ]
Confronted by a desperate robber carrying a handgun , most of us would simply get out of the way .
But not 48 - year - old Martin Richardson .
He ’s 18 - stone , powerfully built and a judo brown - belt .
What ’s more , at the time of this dramatic standoff , he was in a bad mood .
As these extraordinary CCTV pictures show , raider Azar Sulman quite simply picked on the wrong guy .
Father - of - six Mr Richardson stood his ground with his hands in his pockets before attacking Sulman , 20 , with a chair .
After flooring the raider , Mr Richardson used a judo move to pin him to the ground and kept him there for seven minutes until police arrived .
Judge Scott Wolstenholme praised the have - a- go hero ’s ‘ tremendous courage ’ and awarded him £ 250 during Sulman ’s trial at Leeds Crown Court .
The robber was sent to a young offenders ’ institution for six years .
Mr Richardson , in hospital yesterday after breaking his arm in a rugby match , is being recommended for a bravery award .
He admitted he had probably been a ‘ bit stupid ’ in tackling the robber , but did so because he was in a ‘ bad mood ’ after failing to win anything in the bookmakers .
He was in his local branch of William Hill in Leeds on January 28 when Sulman rushed in .
CCTV images show him threatening the cashier with his gun .
Unknown to anyone at the time , it was a replica and he was handed some cash .
Mr Richardson realised what was happening and went to the door to check if there were accomplices waiting .
He then stood in the way , staring down the barrel of a gun .
Mr Richardson said : ' I was stood back near the door .
He was near a table and it looked like he was cocking the gun .
' He wanted me to open the door and kept shouting he would shoot me if I did not open it .
' I was scared , I could n't be certain whether the gun was real or not , I thought the male might shoot me anyway for getting in his way .
[ caption ]
Cash in one hand , gun in the other , he starts to back out of the bookies ... but finds his way out is blocked by Mr Richardson , right
' I looked him in the eyes , he was just a few feet from me .
I thought , " I am not opening the door , if he shoots me he shoots me , but I am not opening the door " .
' Then I picked up the chair and smashed him twice with it .
He went down and I managed to kick the gun out of his hand .
' I managed to get my legs around his body and held him there ( for seven minutes ) until the police came .
I used to do judo and he could not move .
I have to admit I was shaking when I was on the floor . '
[ caption ]
[ caption ] [ caption ]
The court heard it was Sulman ’s fourth raid on the chain and the third on the same premises .
He was trying to fund a £ 200 - a - week cannabis habit .
He admitted three robbery charges and one attempted robbery .
Trevor Wilkinson of William Hill , said Mr Richardson had done ‘ fantastically well ’ but pointed out to other would - be heroes ‘ not everyone is built like Martin ’ .
Because of our broad focus , we have the knowledge and resources to consider the implications of our clients ’ choices from a variety of angles .
The result is an optimal solution to meet each client ’s legal needs .
Contact us to discuss what we can do to help you pursue your goals .
It ’s no surprise that recruited athletes have been at the center of recent scandals , including a linebacker who was convicted of indecent assault on a female midshipman in 2007 and a quarterback who was accused of rape and dismissed from the academy for sexual misconduct in 2006 .
Sports stars are flattered on campus , avoid many of the onerous duties other midshipmen must perform , and know they ’re not going to be thrown out .
Instead of zero tolerance , we now push for zero attrition : we “ remediate ” honor code offenses .
Another program that is placing strain on the academies is an unofficial affirmative - action preference in admissions .
While we can debate the merits of universities making diversity a priority in deciding which students to admit , how can one defend the use of race as a factor at taxpayer - financed academies — especially those whose purpose is to defend the Constitution ?
Yet , as I can confirm from the years I spent on the admissions board in 2002 and ’03 and from my conversations with more recent board members , if an applicant identifies himself or herself as non-white , the bar for qualification immediately drops .
Some in the administration have justified the admissions policies on the ground that it “ takes all kinds ” to be officers .
But that ’s not really what the academies recruit .
They do n’t give preference to accomplished cellists or people from religious minorities or cerebral Zen types .
We ’ve even given less - qualified students a backdoor into Annapolis — the Naval Academy Preparatory School , our remedial institution in Newport , R.I. , for admitted students who are not prepared to enter the academy itself .
And if students struggle academically when they get to the academy , our goal is to get them to graduate at whatever cost .
Thus we now offer plenty of low - track and remedial courses , and students who fail can often just retake classes until they pass : we have control over their summers and their schedules , and can simply drag them through with tutoring .
I ’ve taught low - track English classes ; the pace is slower and the papers shorter than in my usual seminars , but the students who complete them get the same credit .
When I ’ve complained about this , some administrators and midshipmen have argued that academics are irrelevant to being an officer , anyway .
Really ?
Thinking and articulating are irrelevant to being an officer ?
The picture I have drawn of the academy is not what most Americans imagine when they come to a parade and see all those clean - cut young men and women standing in nice rows with their chests out ( as they will at next week ’s graduation ceremony ) .
Some may argue that our abandonment of merit as a criterion for officer status is simply the direction the military overall has taken — the stress of fighting two wars has lowered the bar for enlistment , and R.O.T.C. standards have also declined .
But I ’d like to think we could do better .
One thing is definite about this year 's federal play - acting exercise to assess national emergency preparedness :
A faux radioactive nuke , or " dirty bomb , " will not be blowing up the Las Vegas Strip in May .
Reminiscent of Stephen King 's " The Stand " featuring a similar cataclysmic showdown in Vegas , the preparedness exercise proved too much for many Nevadans , already battered by a poor economy and worried about a PR nightmare .
Sen. Harry Reid ( D ) of Nevada , in the midst of battling for the White House 's healthcare reforms , wrote late last year that to " simulate a nuclear detonation in the heart of the city would unacceptably harm the Southern Nevadan economy . "
More recently , President Obama had rankled Nevadans when he suggested that gambling on the Vegas Strip was n’t the wisest move “ when you ’re trying to save for college . "
When Senator Reid complained about the comment , Mr. Obama was quick to apologize .
Will there be an exercise somewhere else ?
Against that practical and political backdrop , the Obama administration scratched Vegas as the National Level Exercise host city late last year .
That leaves the NLE 2010 , which involves 10,000 responders , still on the calendar but without a practice field : DHS has yet to publicly announce the city – or even the scenario – it plans to use in mid-May .
( It usually takes upward of a year to plan an NLE exercise . )
“ NLE 2010 is currently in the final stages of planning for this spring , " writes FEMA spokesman Brad Carroll in an e-mail .
" We will continue to reach out to key stakeholders , including state and local officials , to receive their input as we prepare for and continue to develop this important event . ”
The possibility that politics may have affected a national preparedness event rankles some Republicans on Capitol Hill , especially after Obama in July halted a Bush - era " scenario planning " program to review its effectiveness .
Canceling the Vegas exercise " just plays into the narrative ... that the public cannot handle any discussion of serious potential terror threats , " writes John Solomon , a blogger who says he 's writing a book about emergency preparedness .
" As a result , it prevents our leaders from having an open dialogue which might actually improve our ability to respond . "
But the president 's supporters , including those deep inside the nation 's emergency preparedness ranks , say the Obama White House may be shifting away from large - scale " open book " tests , practiced during President Bush 's tenure , and toward " no - notice , " or secretly planned , tests that thrust emergency managers into unexpected , sink - or - swim scenarios .
Surprise exercises may be a better test
" The administration is reasonably asking questions about how the NLE program is constructed , what are the outcomes , how are the lessons learned used , which is all fair game , " says Craig Vanderwagen , who served as assistant secretary for preparedness and response in the Department of Health and Human Services until his retirement last fall .
" There is a school of thought that says , ' Let 's do some no - notice testing and see what we 've got . '
And if you judge by the intensity by which the president and the White House have directed reviews on a lot of these activities , [ no - notice ] tests are within the realm of possibility . "
That would represent a major shift for a national emergency preparedness plan that spans local , county , state , regional , and federal agencies .
Cooperation under that plan is often marred by inadequate funding at various levels of government , as well as issues that limit the ability of Washington to fully control response scenarios .
Changing the NLE would test Obama 's ability to maneuver a maze of congressional oversight that has often failed to close basic gaps in national preparedness , including first responders ' ability to use a common radio system to communicate with one another .
Meanwhile , the clock is ticking on NLE 2010 .
" The tendency right now is to be more focused on biological events [ such as a pandemic ] as opposed to manmade disasters , but we can't ignore the fact that there are still bad guys with evil intent doing bad things that could involve radiation and nuclear , " says Mr. Vanderwagen .
" The impact on our society of such an event would be huge – the idea of not being able to use New York City for a generation if we had that kind of exposure . "
Last year I toured with the Black Eyed Peas on their Japan / Australia run .
It was dubbed The E.N.D. – World Tour , which was appropriate .
The production is a dazzling metaphor for the end of civilization .
As I get older , I frequently find myself forced to compromise my principles — - whether ethical or aesthetic — - for a higher standard of living .
My job is to fly lights , sound , and video — - not to judge the artists .
My crew chief said this a dozen times .
After all , I was paid well , enjoyed fine meals and plush hotel rooms , had fantastic adventures on the streets of Tokyo , Nagoya , Osaka , Melbourne , and Auckland , and I only had to wear a BEP t- shirt one time — - when my laundry was dirty .
Still , the damage is evident .
I began to absorb the insidious beats and lobotomizing lyrics through constant exposure .
To make matters worse , I was born with a hyperactive cerebral sequencer that will sample and loop any catchy tune within a 100 ’ radius .
You hear about nuclear lab technicians who glow green when the lights go out .
Well , for months after I came home you could hear “ Boom Boom Pow ” playing from my head in a quiet room .
Just another occupational hazard .
“ It must be said that every personal interaction I had with the Peas was pleasant — - so far as pop stars go .
They even welcomed me into their dance circle at a Tokyo club one night , cheering me on when I broke into my Chex Mix boogie — - a charitable gesture indeed . ”
The other roadies exhibited similar symptoms of BEP Syndrome .
We made a psychological game of it .
( Example : A laser tech walks by , and I croon : “ I gotta feeling … ” For the next hour , he will be plagued by the song .
The only known cure is cranial bludgeoning . )
Of course , the crew had mixed reactions to The E.N.D. of civilization , ranging from head - bobbing compliance to blank - faced indifference .
Plenty of them detested the sound , coping in the same fashion that a grease - saturated McDonald ’s worker does : with a stoic smile and a puff of smoke .
Unfortunately , I never developed the perceptual filters necessary to block out the soundtrack — - and I may never recover .
The show opens with “ Let ’s Get Retarded In Here . ” Seriously .
That ’s the hook .
It was like Idiocracy : the Musical , with the crowd as extras .
But hey , at least these guys are honest about their agenda .
Having seen the children of the world transformed into a tone - deaf choir of space monkeys dancing for a Spring Break webcam — - I can assure you that the plan is working .
So what do you do once you have subdued the youth ’s brain activity ?
You stoke their hormones with humps and lady lumps .
Maintaining a professional suspension of judgement was difficult as rows of preteen girls joined Fergie for the refrain :
Whatchoo gon ’ do with all that junk ,
All that junk inside that trunk ?
Imma get , get , get , get , you drunk ,
Get you love drunk off my hump [ … ]
My hump , my hump , my lovely lady lumps , Check it out …
It was a weird scene — these tarted - up Australian girls on fire with precocious puberty , singing about their “ lovely lady lumps ” while parents stared ahead with TV eyes .
Perhaps my horror is an indication of archaic attitudes toward sexual artifice .
After all , I come from the last Western generation for whom pornography was a mysterious and coveted commodity .
Maybe I ’m just not hip to the future .
This generation is growing up fast — - one casual click away from hardcore butt - pumping .
Perhaps for them , Fergie ’s high - priced humps are just innocuous objects of fascination .
Still , it does n’t take a total square to interpret “ I wonder if I take you home / Would you still be in love , baby … in love , baby … ” as a foreboding sing - a- long for single mothers .
The consequences of a free - lovin ’ frenzy have never been a concern for the hype machine .
It ’s a new age of the child , and Slut - tastic Pop is a haphazard expression of the Sexual Revolution .
The Peas are all about revolution .
Take “ Now Generation ” for instance .
As it happened , I had a show cue during this song — - every night .
Try to imagine Veruca Salt inciting a cyborg insurrection from her strip pole with Liber Legis tucked into her thong .
“ Now Generation ” would be her manifesto .
It opens with a clip from Obama ’s speech after the New Hampshire Primaries — -“ Yes we can ! ” — - and features the Peas on podiums dressed in cyber- politician garb , proclaiming :
MySpace in your space ,
Facebook is a new place .
Dipdivin ’ , socializin’ ,
I be out in cyberspace .
Google is my professor ,
Wikipedia checker ,
Checkin ’ my account ,
Loggin ’ in and loggin ’ out , I want it now [ … ]
We are the Now Generation !
We are the Generation Now !
Footage of Civil Rights marches and war protests play on the massive video walls .
This segues into a flashing sequence of lyric - specific logos — - Apple , MySpace , Google , Wikipedia — - like Reese ’s Pieces falling one - by - one into ET ’s slimy little hand .
will .i.am counsels us to “ Ask Barack who brought the hope . ”
But perhaps we should ask him for another stimulus package to pay for more bling bling , iDooDad crazes , and BEP merch .
And while he ’s at it , we could use help on the bar tabs as well .
The show finishes with a mash - up of “ Party All The Time / Outta My Head / I Gotta Feeling . ”
The band saunters around the confetti-strewn stage with massive champagne props in hand , musing :
If we could party all night
And sleep all day
And throw all of my problems away ,
My life would be eaaasy … so Tonight ’s the night ,
Let ’s live it up ,
I got my money ,
Let ’s spend it up …
If you put on your Rowdy Roddy sunglasses , you ’ll see their skull - like faces croaking : Obey – Reproduce – Log - on – Consume – Remix .
It must be said that every personal interaction I had with the Peas was pleasant — - so far as pop stars go .
They were always courteous and professional — - all smiles and warm handshakes - that - feed .
They even welcomed me into their dance circle at a Tokyo club one night , cheering me on when I broke into my Chex Mix boogie — - a charitable gesture indeed .
On the other chip - implanted hand , they nearly destroyed my hope for humanity .
At times , I fear that The E.N.D. is a vision of the future .
Imagine a human face licking the sole of a True Religion Brand boot — - forever .
I chose to leave the Peas in Las Vegas , as they kicked off their recent U.S. leg of the tour .
I felt like a lumberjack in the Redwood Forests — - great money , but you ’re getting paid to decimate an irreplaceable resource .
In my case , it was the higher cortical functioning of every youthful brain behind the barricade .
Where the lumberjack gazes out over fields of enormous tree - stumps , I saw arenas packed to the nosebleeds with dancing brain stems .
So I retreated as a conscientious objector .
This has provided a modicum of inner peace .
Still , there is one riddle that I just ca n’t unravel .
Why would will .i.am gloat over “ beats so large , I be steppin ’ on Leprechauns ” while he ’s “ shittin ’ on y’all with the BOOM BOOM ” ?
I mean , would n’t medium , or even small , beats be sufficient to crush these micro-anthropic creatures ?
Staat vor dem Bankrott Griechenland braucht noch mehr Geld
Es könnte alles noch schlimmer kommen : Griechenland wird mehr Geld benötigen , als das Milliarden - Euro - Paket der Euroländer und des IWF .
Und selbst das ist noch nicht gesichert - Finanzminister Schäuble hat Bedenken angemeldet .
Hawaii is saying ‘ Aloha ’ to the " birthers . "
The state government can legally ignore repeated requests for President Obama ’s birth certificate – a blow ( or perhaps a publicity boost ) to the birther movement , which claims that Mr. Obama was not born the US , and is therefore not eligible to be president .
The birthers are instead turning to another claim against Obama ’s legitimacy : an Internet rumor that questions the Obama social security number .
Two private investigators claim that the digits indicate that it was issued in Connecticut , not Hawaii .
( The digits in a social security number are allocated based on state of residence when issued . )
They also say his social security number belongs to someone born in 1890 .
In Hawaii , the Republican Gov. Linda Lingle signed the birth certificate bill into law Wednesday .
The Hawaii Department of Health , apparently , has had enough .
It receives about 50 requests for Obama ’s birth certificate every month , according to the agency ’s director , Dr. Chiyome Fukino .
And those requests come mostly from the same four to five people , she said in a testimony before the state legislature in February .
“ The time and state resources it takes to respond to these often convoluted inquiries are considerable , ” she said in the testimony .
Sure , but was n’t Obama the guy who proclaimed , “ Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency , ” in welcoming remarks to his cabinet and senior staff just one day after he took the oath of office ?
The law , known as Act 100 , takes a detour around the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) by allowing state agencies a limited exemption from FOIA requirements when repeated requests for information are made by the same person .
The law covers all agencies but it specifically targets people who repeatedly request a copy of Obama ’s Hawaii birth certificate , the Honolulu Advertiser reported Thursday .
In an interview with WABC Radio in New York , Governor Lingle said the state ’s health director personally viewed Obama ’s birth record .
“ The president was , in fact , born at Kapi’olani Hospital in Honolulu , Hawaii , ” she said on air .
“ And that ’s just a fact . ”
According to the certification of live birth ( which is considered the same as a birth certificate , legally ) , he was born in Hawaii on August 4 , 1961 .
That ’s been confirmed by factcheck.org .
And thanks to Act 100 , that ’s all the fact - checking anyone can do , for now .
Related :
Blogosphere goes bonkers over ' birthers '
Birther leader Orly Taitz implodes on MSNBC
Hey it 's the president 's birthday ( wherever he was born )
By Yasha Levine , AlterNet
This article was originally posted by AlterNet .
The Tea Party movement ’s dirty little secret is that its chief financial backers owe their family fortune to the granddaddy of all their hatred : Stalin ’s godless empire of the USSR .
The secretive oil billionaires of the Koch family , the main supporters of the right - wing groups that orchestrated the Tea Party movement , would not have the means to bankroll their favorite causes had it not been for the pile of money the family made working for the Bolsheviks in the late 1920s and early 1930s , building refineries , training Communist engineers and laying down the foundation of Soviet oil infrastructure .
The comrades were good to the Kochs .
Today Koch Industries has grown into the second - largest private company in America .
With an annual revenue of $ 100 billion , the company was just $ 6.3 billion shy of first place in 2008 .
Ownership is kept strictly in the family , with the company being split roughly between brothers Charles and David Koch , who are worth about $ 20 billion apiece and are infamous as the largest sponsors of right - wing causes .
They bankroll scores of free - market and libertarian think tanks , institutes and advocacy groups .
Greenpeace estimates that the Koch family shelled out $ 25 million from 2005 to 2008 funding the “ climate denial machine , ” which means they outspent Exxon Mobile three to one .
I first learned about the Kochs in February 2009 , when my colleague Mark Ames and I were looking into the strange origins of the then - nascent Tea Party movement .
Our investigation led us again and again to a handful of right - wing advocacy groups directly tied to the Kochs .
We were the first to connect the dots and debunk the Tea Party movement ’s “ grassroots ” front , exposing it as billionaire - backed astroturf campaign run by free - market advocacy groups FreedomWorks and Americans For Prosperity , both of which are closely linked to the Koch brothers .
But the Tea Party movement — and the Koch family ’s obscene wealth — go back more than half a century , all the way to grandpa Fredrick C. Koch , one of the founding members of the far - right John Birch Society which was convinced that socialism was taking over America through unions , colored people , Jews , homosexuals , the Kennedys and even Dwight D. Eisenhower .
These days , the Kochs paint themselves as true - believer Libertarians of the Austrian School .
Charles Koch , the elder brother who runs the family business in Wichita , Kansas , quotes the wisdom of proto- libertarian “ economist ” Ludwig von Mises , but also sees himself as an economist in his own right .
In 2007 , Charles made his contribution to the body of free - market thought with an economic theory he calls “ Market - Based Management ” ( a term he trademarked ) .
David Koch is the highbrow brother who lives in New York .
He ran as the Libertarian party candidate for president in 1980 and says his dream is to “ minimize the role of government , to maximize the role of private economy and to maximize personal freedoms . ”
Apparently everyone ’s a free - market enthusiast at Koch Industries , including its spokeswoman , who recently wrote a letter to the New York Times stating that “ it ’s a historical fact that economic freedom best fosters innovation , environmental protection and improved quality of life in a society . ”
It might be true somewhere for someone , but not for the Kochs — they owe it all to socialism and totalitarianism .
Here is a better historical fact , one that the Kochs do n’t like to repeat in public : the family ’s initial wealth was not created by the harsh , creative forces of unfettered capitalism , but by the grace of the centrally planned economy of the Soviet Union .
The Koch family , America ’s biggest pushers of the free - market Tea Party revolution , would not be the billionaires they are today were it not for the whim of one of Stalin ’s comrades .
The story of how the Koch family amassed its socialist wealth starts at the turn of the 20th century with the birth of Fredrick C. Koch .
Fred was born in a tiny north Texas town to a Dutch immigrant and newspaper publisher .
The historical record is not clear about the family ’s wealth , but it appears that great - granddaddy Koch was not hurting for cash , because Fred Koch turned out to be a smart kid and was able to study in MIT and graduate with a degree in chemical engineering .
A few years later , in 1925 , Fred started up the Winkler - Koch Engineering Company with a former classmate , quickly developing and patenting a novel process to refine gasoline from crude oil that had a higher yield than anything on the market .
It was shaping up to be an American success story , where anything was possible with a bit of elbow grease and good ol ’ ingenuity .
The sky was the limit — until the free market rained on Fred ’s parade .
See , Fred was living through the Roaring Twenties , a time of big business , heavy speculation and zero government regulation .
Much like today , cartels were free to form and free to fix — and so they did .
Sensing a threat to their royalty - revenue stream from Winkler - Koch ’s superior refining technology , the reigning oil cartel moved in to teach the young Koch how the laissez - faire business model worked in the real world .
“ [ W ] hen he tried to market his invention , the major oil companies sued him for patent infringement .
Koch eventually won the lawsuits ( after 15 years in court ) , but the controversy made it tough to attract many U.S. customers , ” according to Hoover ’s Company Records service .
Just like that , Winkler - Koch Engineering found itself squeezed out of the American market .
They had a superior product at a cheaper price , but no one to sell it to .
Luckily , there was one market where opportunity beckoned and innovation was rewarded : the Soviet Union .
Stalin ’s first Five - Year Plan was just kicking into action a nation - wide industrialization effort , and Soviet planners needed smart , industrious college grads like Fred Koch .
The Soviet Union was desperately trying to increase its oil refining capacity , so oil engineers were especially in high demand — and well paid , too .
“ We are the world ’s greatest market , and we are prepared to order a large amount of goods and pay for them , ” Joseph Stalin told an American journalist in 1932 .
Stalin was n’t kidding .
From 1926 to 1929 , the Soviet oil industry bought $ 20 million worth of equipment .
And Koch was about to get in on the action .
In 1929 , after hosting a delegation of Soviet planners in Wichita , Kansas , Winkler and Koch signed a $ 5 million contract to build 15 refineries in the Soviet Union .
According to Oil of Russia , a Russian oil industry trade magazine , the deal made Winkler - Koch into Comrade Stalin ’s number - one refinery builder .
It provided equipment and oversaw construction :
The first Winkler - Koch plants were set up in Tuapse in 1930 .
The cracking unit operated commendably , and would in the future be the type preferred by the heads of the Soviet Union ’s petroleum industry when purchasing new cracking equipment .
In 1931 , two Winkler - Koch cracking units were launched in Baku , another two in Batumi , and six at once in Grozny ; the last had a combined refining capacity of 900,000 tons per year .
In 1932 , a Winkler - Koch unit commenced operations in Yaroslavl .
At the time , the Soviet Union ’s oil industry was a total mess .
Equipment built by Western engineering firms was always breaking down or did n’t work at all .
Western engineers were constantly being accused of espionage or sabotage , real or imagined , and booted out of the country .
Soviet workers suspected of colluding with the foreigners were simply taken out back and shot .
Winkler - Koch made sure it was running a tight , efficient operation .
Unlike his Western competitors , Koch pleased his Soviet clients by ensuring top quality and helping the cause of socialism .
The Soviet oil planners were delighted with Koch ’s refineries .
The communists were so impressed they kept giving Winkler - Koch business and regularly sent Soviet engineers to train in Wichita .
It was a sign of growing mutual trust .
By the time he got out in 1933 , Koch earned $ 500,000 , which was a ton of money for a kid fresh out of college .
This nut of money served as the foundation for the family ’s future assets , which Koch no doubt started acquiring at rock - bottom prices .
After all , 1933 was one of the two worst years of the Great Depression — all assets were priced to go at 90 percent off .
In the end , the capitalist - hating socialists ended up treating Koch fairly , way better than the monopolistic thrashing he got from his native land .
So you ’d think he ’d at least something good to say about the Soviet Union when he got home .
Nope , not at all .
He hated the commies , but for some reason he kept it to himself until the late 1950s ( possibly because he was still doing work for the Soviet Union ) .
Then , after coming back from a trip to the Soviet Union in 1956 , he flew off the handle .
According to a 1956 AP article , Fred Koch was among 11 prominent residents of Wichita , Kansas who traveled to Moscow “ in an effort to convince the Russian people that Soviet propaganda about capitalists is untrue . ”
Sounds like the perfect cover for a business trip .
It ’s not clear what he was actually doing there .
But whatever the outcome — maybe he did n’t get the contract he was expecting or maybe he got swindled out of some investment or maybe he plain hated the thaw of post - Stalin Russia — Fred Koch came back a pissed - off anti-communist and joined up with the right - wing Birchers .
He bankrolled a John Birch Society chapter in Wichita and attempted to open a Bircher bookstore , which was n’t too popular and had to close .
He warned of a massive communist conspiracy to take control of America , saying that the Reds were eroding American universities , churches , political parties , the media and every branch of government .
“ Maybe you do n’t want to be controversial by getting mixed up in this anti-communist battle , ” Koch said in said in a speech to a Women ’s Republican Club in 1961 .
“ But you wo n’t be very controversial lying in a ditch with a bullet in your brain . ”
In 1961 , Koch published a pamphlet titled “ A Businessman Looks At Communism , ” in which he recounted his travels with a “ hardcore Communist ” named Jerome Livshitz .
It was from Livshitz that Fred Koch first learned about the commie conspiracy to take over America :
The government detailed a little man by the name of Jerome Livshltz to go around to our various installations with me .
Livshitz had taken part in the revolution of 1905 , and had spent twelve years in the U.S.A. as a revolutionary , most of the time in jails … .
In the months I traveled with him he gave me a liberal education in Communist techniques and methods .
He told me how the Communists were going to infiltrate the U.S.A. in the schools , universities , armed forces and to use his words , “ Make you rotten to the core . ”
I believe that due to his American experience he was one of the original architects of the Communist plan of subversion of the U.S.A .
My associate and I pulled him from under an overturned car in Tiflis , and he was amazed .
“ Why did you save my life ? ” he said .
“ We are enemies .
I would not have saved yours .
Perhaps when the turn there , I will spare your lives . ”
He told me that if his own mother stood in the way of the revolution he would strangle her with his bare hands .
This is the mark of a hard - core Communist .
They will do anything — anything .
Fred Koch ’s paranoia continued to spiral out of control until his ticker quit in 1967 .
But by that time his son , Charles G. Koch , had already taken over control of the family business .
He appropriated his father ’s communist paranoia and made it the basis of the family ’s free - market business philosophy .
“ Once , my father ran a business in the ex-Soviet Union , and all engineers who worked with my father were imprisoned by Stalin later .
My father , who had experienced this , became an anti-communist and thought the value of economical freedom and prosperity was more important than ever before , ” Charles said during an interview with a Korean newspaper in 2008 , leaving out the part how evil socialist cash was the foundation of the Koch family ’s wealth .
Once he took over , it was clear that Charles had big plans for Koch Industries .
He was going to push the limits of corporate growth by plowing 90 percent of the company ’s profits back into the till and diversifying to the max .
It worked .
The company expanded at an unreal rate : its revenues increased from $ 100 million in 1966 to $ 100 billion in 2008 — that ’s 1,000 - fold growth .
Today , it operates thousands of miles of pipelines in the United States , refines 800,000 barrels of crude oil daily , buys and sells the most asphalt in the nation , is among the top 10 cattle producers , and is among the 50 largest landowners .
Koch Industries also poured hundreds of millions of dollars into right - wing organizations like Institute for Humane Studies , the Cato Institute , the Mercatus Center at George Mason University , the Bill of Rights Institute , the Reason Foundation , Citizens for a Sound Economy and the Federalist Society — all of them promoting the usual billionaire - friendly ideas of the free market , deregulation and smaller government .
If that expansion looks too fast to be legit , that ’s because it was .
William Koch , the third brother who had a falling - out with Charles and David back in the ’ 80s over Charles ’ sociopathic management style , appeared on “ 60 Minutes ” in November 2000 to tell the world that Koch Industries was a criminal enterprise : “ It was – was my family company .
I was out of it , ” he says .
“ But that ’s what appalled me so much …
I did not want my family , my legacy , my father ’s legacy to be based upon organized crime . ”
Charles Koch ’s racket was very simple , explained William .
With its extensive oil pipe network , Koch Industries ’ role as an oil middleman–it buys crude from someone ’s well and sells it to a refinery –makes it easy to steal millions of dollars worth of oil by skimming just a little off the top of each transaction , or what they call “ cheating measurements ” in the oil trade .
According to William , wells located on federal and Native American lands were the prime targets of the Koch scam .
“ What Koch was doing was taking all these measurements and then falsifying them on the run sheets , ” said Bill Koch .
“ If the dipstick measured five feet 10 inches and one half inch , they would write down five feet nine and one half inches . ”
That may not sound like much , but Bill Koch said it added up .
“ Well , that was the beauty of the scheme .
Because if they ’re buying oil from 50,000 different people , and they ’re stealing two barrels from each person .
What does that add up to ?
One year , their data showed they stole a million and a half barrels of oil . ”
In 1999 , William decided to take his brothers down .
He sued Koch Industries in civil court under the False Claims Act , which allows whistleblowers to file suit on behalf of the federal government .
William Koch accused the company of stealing hundreds of millions of dollars in oil from federal lands .
The band of brothers settled the case two years later , with Charles agreeing to pay $ 25 million in penalties to the federal government to have the suit dismissed .
It turned out to be a great deal for Charles and David , considering that in the 1980s their “ adjustments ” allowed Koch Industries to siphon off 300 million gallons of oil without paying .
It was pure profit–free money –to the tune of $ 230 million .
At the trial , 50 former Koch gaugers testified against the company , some in video depositions .
They said employees even had a term for cheating on the measurements .
“ We in the company referred to it as the Koch Method because it was a system for cheating the producer out of oil , ” said one of the gaugers , Mark Wilson .
Ah , finally !
Have we stumbled onto the secret to the family ’s success ?
At the bottom of it all , is the Koch Method that funds all the libertarians nothing but old - fashioned theft ?
Or , as Koch hero Ludwig von Mises might ask , “ Is the Koch Method just an unceasing sequence of single thefts ? ”
The rate of men dying from the deadliest form of skin cancer has doubled over the past three decades .
Figures from Cancer Research UK show a steep increase in deaths from malignant melanoma , especially in elderly men .
In the late 1970s fewer than 400 ( 1.5 per 100,000 ) men died from melanoma but that figure has now risen to over 1,100 ( 3.1 per 100,000 ) .
Yet the cancer is preventable if people avoid sunburn and deal with ' worrying ' moles early , the charity said .
The death rates for women have also risen , from 1.5 to 2.2 per 100,000 .
Image caption Rates have soared since the 1970s
The figures also reveal that although more women are diagnosed in the first place , more men die from the disease .
In men aged over 65 deaths have risen from 4.5 per 100,000 to 15.2 per 100,000 over the past 30 years .
Caroline Cerny , from Cancer Research UK , said men needed to learn to look after their skin .
" Too often men leave it up to their partners or mothers to remind them to use sunscreen or cover up with a shirt and hat , and even to visit the doctor about a worrying mole , " she said .
Be vigilant
The figures suggest men are either not aware of skin cancer symptoms or are ignoring them and putting off going to see their GP , she added .
If you are worried about a mole , go to a GP Dr Jonathan Bowling
" It 's crucial that people go to their doctor as soon as they notice any unusual changes to their skin or moles - the earlier the cancer is diagnosed the easier it will be to treat . "
Care services minister Paul Burstow said that the figures were worrying and everyone needed to be vigilant .
" Seeing many people with sunburn from the recent sunny weather is a reminder of how easy it is to damage your skin , " he said .
Dermatologist Dr Jonathan Bowling , from the Radcliffe Hospitals Trust and the private Cadogan clinic , said it was vital that anyone with any concerns about their moles seek help from a qualified dermatologist .
" If you are worried about a mole , go to a GP , " he said .
" Either he can refer you , or if you are still worried you can ask to see a dermatologist . "
Obama has created an exquisite problem by hiring so many senior executives from Google - some of the Oompa Loompas do n't seem to realise they no longer work for the company .
Now a Congressman has called for an enquiry .
The issue was made apparent when a trail of correspondence by administration official Andrew McLaughlin was exposed recently .
McLaughlin is Obama 's deputy CTO - a freshly minted post , with CTO meaning either Citizens Twitter Overlord , or Chief Technology Officer - we believe it 's the latter .
He was previously Google 's chief lobbyist , or ' Head of Global Public Policy and Government Affairs ' .
McLaughlin 's contacts were also exposed .
In an irony to savour , the exposure was by Google itself , as it introduced its privacy - busting Buzz feature in February .
As our Cade pointed out , it would be hard to imagine a better Google story .
Now GOP Congressman Darrell Issa , a ranking member of the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , has asked why the Deputy CTO is prattling away on Google 's email service .
Issa wants to know whether private , non-governmental emails are archived , as they should be .
He also wants to know what the retention policy is for information posted on Twitter and Facebook , who decides these things ( pdf ) .
Issa wants answers by 22 April .
As I noted last June , there are interesting parallels with the influence of think tank RAND on US policy in the 1960s - and some interesting differences .
RAND 's most famous contribution was developing a nuclear policy based on game theory , developed by Robert McNamara , who went on to apply RAND analysis ( disastrously ) first to escalate , then to prolong the Vietnam war .
Google is merely a corporation , I noted .
Then , the following month , Obama tapped the Berkman Centre , a pretty New Age techno- utopian think tank attached to Harvard Law School , to conduct an " independent " review of broadband deployment and usage .
Like Obama , McLaughlin is himself a graduate of Harvard Law - the class of 94 .
McLaughlin had two senior stints at Berkman , from 1998 to 1999 , and once again before joining Google .
Google is a Berkman sponsor .
There 's a broader issue than archiving emails here , and it 's eloquently illustrated by Andrew McLaughlin 's Gmail Buzz contact list .
It 's that the range of ideas that Obama can draw upon , via his Googlers , is extremely narrow and ideologically rigid .
The boundaries of what he 's permitted to think are defined by Google .
And that 's is n't really in the best interest of either the President , or the US public . ®
Enter your URL below ( e.g. www.example.com) by entering your URL you agree to these Terms & Conditions
Summary of the features - Checks your websites and blogs for dead links - Can scan an unlimited number of web - pages * - Validates both internal and external URLs - Shows the location of problematic links in your HTML - Reports HTTP error codes ( 404 etc. ) for all bad URLs - Runs on Windows , Mac OS , Linux , Android , and iOS * The free version has a 3000 - page limit , however there are no limits on number of hyperlinks within those webpages !
Would - be Pirate Bay buyer Hans Pandeya says complications could force him to walk away from his long - shot bid to take over the world 's largest file sharing site and turn it legit , barely a week after making a surprise sweetened offer for the company .
In an interview with Wired.com , Pandeya said his overall objective remains unchanged – namely , to morph a file - sharing site into a legitimate royalty - paying business .
But he said he might have to pursue another torrent site instead , in the wake of blistering accusations from The Pirate Bay 's founders , who firmly state the site is not up for sale .
" The insider [ trading allegations ] , fraud … and pump - and - dump [ accusations ] … is well above the overkill level now , " Pandeya said .
" The company is dead , the stock is dead and I am dead even before getting started . "
The Pirate Bay has long been a scourge to the copyright industry and a treasure trove to downloaders as the central meeting ground for peer - to - peer sharing of music , movies , software and other files .
Although it does not host any content itself , The Pirate Bay makes it easy for people to find files and quickly copy them over the internet .
Having thumbed its nose at copyright holders for years , the site finally got its comeuppance when a Swedish court last year found it guilty of copyright infringement .
Shortly after the court ruling , Pandeya negotiated an agreement to buy the site for about $ 8 million , with a promise to transform it into a legal licensed content distributor .
The deal ran into trouble when the Swedish stock exchange AktieTorget delisted his company , Global Gaming Factory X , and he failed to raise the necessary cash in time .
The Pirate Bay founders subsequently took the company off the block , and the deal appeared to be all but dead , although an arbitration hearing related to the collapsed transaction is pending in Sweden .
None of these setbacks apparently deflected Pandeya .
After a flurry of initial notoriety over the deal , he fell out of the spotlight .
But quietly he was putting together the pieces for a second run at The Pirate Bay .
In January , he purchased a tiny , public American company called BMSV that sells racy promotional calendars featuring lingerie models , with the plan of raising $ 10 million to purchase ThePirateBay.com on June 30 through the sale of stock .
In addition , he recently retained the services of TAG Strategic 's Ted Cohen , a music and digital music veteran who attempted similar strategies with both Napster and Limewire in years past .
For their part , the co-founders of the Pirate Bay claim Pandeya has lost his grip on reality , and one person who was formerly involved with the site but no longer wishes to be associated with it told us on background Pandeya would be better off seeking psychological counseling than talking to the press .
However the drama ultimately plays out , Pandeya raises an interesting question :
How crazy , really , is the idea of converting The Pirate Bay or something like it into a legitimate service ?
Many users of The Pirate Bay already pay a $ 6 monthly fee to hide their IP addresses so as to escape legal scrutiny .
Pandeya 's idea , which makes sense at least in theory , is to charge users a similar fee to access the site and disburse the money to copyright holders , who would in turn license that behavior .
After all , these users are already paying monthly fees , just not to copyright holders .
Cohen , Pandeya 's veteran advisor , remains optimistic that a deal could be worked out because record labels ' and movie studios ' attitudes towards online distribution have changed over the past decade .
" Ten years ago , I went through this [ with Napster ] – there should be a way to pull this off , " Cohen told Wired.com on Friday .
" If the industry was n't ready ten years ago , I think they are possibly ready for it now .
" If you can convert 30 percent of [ The Pirate Bay users to a paid subscription ] , everybody sees the wisdom in that now , more - so than they did two or three years ago , " Cohen said .
" I do n't think it 's a fool 's quest . "
The biggest challenge may not be building a convincing business model .
Rather , it is likely to be resistance form content owners unwilling to license their content to a company whose mission has been to overtly promote piracy by challenging the legal framework of copyright protections through the blunt application of technology .
" I think there 's going to be significant brand challenges for people with tier - one entertainment brands to be positioned anywhere near a brand like The Pirate Bay , " said Ashwin Navid , co-founder of Bit Torrent , Inc. , who with bit torrent creator Bram Cohen , pursued ( then abandoned ) a similar strategy , beginning in 2004 .
" It was a serious challenge for Bit Torrent when we did the license agreements , and it 's proving difficult for a lot of other companies in a similar space .
For example Boxee has a hard time , DIVX has a hard time – these companies that have pushed the envelope on copyright tend to get categorized as renegades , and the lawyers have a hard time – and the [ entertainment ] brand managers have a hard time – embracing those brands . "
See Also :
Photo : Flickr / Fores
Newsnight have turned to cult cutting - edge animators , Apple Daily , to capture some of the key moments of the UK general election campaign in cartoon form .
With the results in , the team in Taiwan turned their attention to the final week of campaigning and the fallout from the poll .
Watch a special edition of Newsnight on Saturday 8 May 2010 at 6.20 pm on BBC Two , then afterwards on the BBC iPlayer .
This was the second attempt to drill a well in about the same spot .
The first well had to be abandoned because the well had been drilled too fast ( under pressure from BP to bring the well in quickly ) .
Result : the rock fractured , causing loss of control of pressure in the well .
Twenty - five million bucks down the drain , said BP to the crew .
So they had to try again , in a rock formation known to be problematic .
Early on while drilling the second well ( the one that eventually blew up ) an accident damaged part of the blowout preventer ( BOP ) .
According to Williams , they were conducting a routine test of the annular , a ring of rubber that closes around the well at the top of the BOP stack .
While the annular was closed , thus closing off the well , a driller accidentally pushed a joystick , which pulled the pipe casing up through the rubber seal at very high pressure .
A short time later , after drilling had resumed , pieces of rubber began coming up from the bottom of the well .
A drilling supervisor told Williams that the rubber debris was " no big deal " .
The BOP has two redundant electronics boxes , called pods , which communicate with the surface .
These are critical devices which trigger the BOP to close the well in emergency .
One of the two pods was problematic and occasionally inoperable .
The batteries on the BOP were also weak .
The well was in the process of being closed with cement plugs when the blowout occurred .
The day of the blowout , there was a disagreement between the Transocean supervisor and the BP supervisor over how that should be accomplished .
The Transocean guy wanted to keep mud in the well ( i.e. , keep pressure in the well ) during the cementing .
The BP guy wanted the mud pulled from the well for cementing , because it was faster and they were already behind schedule .
The BP guy won the argument .
If pressure had been maintained in the well during the cementing operation , the blowout would not have occurred .
The bottom line : the blowout was caused by gross negligence on the part of BP .
There is no other way to spin it .
Here are embedded vids from the CBS site ; they contain some stuff not aired , but leave out critical details that were aired , specifically an interview with an engineering professor Robert Bea from UC Berkeley .
It was Bea who said that the blowout would not have occurred if mud had been maintained during the cementing process .
UPDATE 2 :
See bottom two embeds for entire aired 60 minutes segment !
h/t to Grannyhelen in the comments for noting this .
UPDATE :
As OLinda noted in the comments , Bea also said that one of the other problems was that once the rubber annular was damaged , the pressure readings they were getting from the bottom of the well would be inaccurate .
UPDATE 3 :
Per dharmafarmer 's fine suggestion in the comments , here 's CBS 's feedback page if you 'd like to give them props .
Oil Rig part 1
Oil Rig part 2
Oil Rig part 3
Oil Rig part 4
Oil Rig part 5
Oil Rig part 6
Update 2 : Entire segment on blowout
Entire segment , part 1
Sleepless , dog-tired and under immense pressure , David Cameron is being forced to compress a series of life - defining decisions into 48 hours .
They will determine not only his political future , but the future of the Conservative party and of Britain .
And the key decision is how much ground he must concede to Nick Clegg 's Liberal Democrats on electoral reform in order to gain their support .
On the one hand , Cameron can please the traditional wing of the Tory party , which regards electoral reform as a move towards Tory oblivion .
On the other , he can take a giant step in the dark – and promise Clegg a referendum .
With his superb , statesmanlike speech in Westminster yesterday , Cameron threw open this extraordinary prospect .
True , his proposals for a commission to examine electoral reform did not go far enough .
But he made it very clear that there is scope for negotiation .
Cameron 's generosity of spirit and grandeur of vision on Friday opened up the possibility of a Lib - Tory alliance comparable to the Lib - Lab pact which supporters of Tony Blair dreamed of , and Blair himself betrayed , after 1997 .
Indeed the prime minister and his supporters are wrong to argue today that the Liberal Democrats and Labour have far more in common than Lib Dems and Conservatives .
Ideologically , the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats share one massive idea .
They are both doctrinally suspicious of central government .
They favour localism , decentralisation , individual freedom and accountability .
The want to destroy the big state and all of its paraphernalia : bureaucracy , secrecy and central control .
Gordon Brown and Peter Mandelson , in sharp contrast , have been the joint architects of the surveillance state and all its sinister apparatus of ID cards and arrest without charge – the emergence of which has been so carefully chronicled by Henry Porter in the Observer over the past few years .
At Porter and Anthony Barnett 's Convention for Modern Liberty , Chris Huhne , the Lib Dem home affairs spokesman , proposed a revolutionary notion : a Great Repeal Bill to roll back state intrusion .
This has since become Conservative party policy and can provide a basis for common ground between the parties in the coming Queen 's Speech .
It must be acknowledged that Cameron has failed to properly explain the fact that Tories and Liberal Democrats have a common agenda on freedom .
This is mainly because of the deeply regrettable Conservative party alliance with Rupert Murdoch 's Sun newspaper last autumn .
Since then , Cameron has been on the retreat over human rights and individual liberty .
One wretched example : his failure to speak out seriously against the squalor of British collaboration in torture and the extraordinary rendition of terror suspects .
Under pressure from the Sun , he submissively sacked Dominic Grieve , his shadow home secretary , and replaced him with the more ideologically reliable Chris Grayling .
But these are all areas where the Lib Dems can rescue the Tories from the moral blindness forced on them by the Murdoch empire .
Between them , the two parties can shape a new progressive alliance that can stand up for individual freedom and decency against the in - built conservatism and narrow statism of Gordon Brown and Ed Balls 's Labour party .
It is true that this policy would affront some
Tory die - hards , and there were signs yesterday that Liam Fox , the shadow defence secretary , was emerging as their spokesman .
But contrary to reports , many so - called rightwingers would be comfortable with a Lib Dem alliance .
It is deeply significant that yesterday Douglas Carswell and Daniel Hannan – joint authors of the brilliant Conservative polemic , The Plan , which contained the original proposal for a Great Repeal Bill – welcomed the idea of a Lib Dem pact and political reform .
So did David Davis .
I believe that Cameron 's mission has long been comparable to that of Benjamin Disraeli , who led the Conservative party out of two decades of electoral oblivion in the middle of the 19th century .
Disraeli achieved this through one act of unbelievable political audacity .
In 1867 , he trumped the timid proposals of Gladstone 's Liberal party by unveiling his much more radical proposals for voter enfranchisement through the Second Reform Act .
Disraeli's manoeuvre horrified the obscurantists , who feared that allowing the vote to the great unwashed would put the Conservatives out of power for ever .
They could not have been more wrong .
Disraeli went on to built on the achievement of 1867 , widened the basis of Conservative support and created the basis for Tory electoral dominance throughout the 20th century .
With brilliant opportunism , Disraeli had seen the future and grabbed it .
Compare and contrast Conservative party opposition to Scottish devolution in 1997 .
The objections to Labour 's proposals were intellectually coherent , but dogmatic Conservative opposition to Scottish devolution has wrecked the party north of the border , so much so that it may never recover .
The deadly example of Scottish devolution suggests that the bigger long - term threat to the Conservatives would come from a refusal to offer the Liberal Democrats a referendum on proportional representation .
Cameron has a chance to change Britain , to reshape the political landscape and to turn the Conservatives into the progressive party that New Labour never became .
We will know over the next few hours whether he has the nerve .
Washington ( CNN ) -- A BP official says a gusher of oil pouring from its damaged Gulf of Mexico well could be shut off as early as next week .
BP Managing Director
Bo Dudley said Thursday night the company will pump fluids into the well this weekend in the beginning of a process that -- if successful -- could lead to the leak finally being closed off in a matter of days .
" If that option does n't work , we 've got a second and a third option we 'll do after that , " Dudley said on CNN 's Larry King on Thursday .
" We 're hopeful that next week we 'll be able to shut it off . "
Earlier in the day , BP acknowledged that the underwater gusher is bigger than estimated to date , as new video showed a cloud of crude billowing around its undersea siphon .
Company spokesman Mark Proegler said Thursday that the siphon is now drawing about 5,000 barrels ( 210,000 gallons ) per day up to a ship on the surface of the Gulf -- as much as government and company officials had estimated the spill was pouring into the Gulf every day for a month .
Proegler declined to estimate how much more oil was escaping .
BP America Chairman Lamar McKay said Wednesday that the figure used by the oil spill response team had a degree of " uncertainty " built into it .
But figures by independent researchers have run up to many times higher : Steve Wereley , a professor of mechanical engineering at Purdue University , told CNN's " American Morning " that the spill could be as big as 20,000 to 100,000 barrels a day .
And members of Congress released video from the company that showed much more oil pouring out of the damaged well than the siphon was capturing .
Rep. Ed Markey , who leads a House subcommittee investigating the disaster , told reporters , " I think now we are beginning to understand that we cannot trust BP . "
" People do not trust the experts any longer , " said Markey , D - Massachusetts .
" BP has lost all credibility .
Now the decisions will have to be made by others , because it is clear that they have been hiding the actual consequences of this spill . "
Meanwhile , the Coast Guard announced the creation of a federal Flow Rate Technical Group to assess the actual flow rate from the well .
Coast Guard Capt .
Ron LaBrec said that Adm .
Thad Allen would oversee the team , which will include members from the Coast Guard , the Minerals Management Service , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the Department of Energy , the U.S. Geological Society and others from the science community and academia .
The peer - reviewed team , which has already begun its work , is to determine the flow rate from the beginning of the incident to the present , LaBrec said .
The Obama administration announced Thursday that it has ordered BP to release all data related to the massive spill , including environmental sampling analyses , internal investigation reports and details of the cleanup effort .
In a letter to BP Group CEO Tony Hayward , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson told BP to post that information on a website and update it daily .
" The public and the United States government are entitled to nothing less than complete transparency in this matter , " they concluded .
The spill began with an April 20 explosion and fire that sank the drill rig Deepwater Horizon two days later .
Eleven workers were lost with the rig , which was owned by drilling contractor Transocean and hired by BP .
The resulting slick now threatens the coastal marshes of southeastern Louisiana , where brown , syrupy oil made it past protective booms and into the wetlands near the mouth of the Mississippi River on Wednesday .
Over the weekend , BP inserted a piece of pipe into the larger of the two leak points and began drawing oil from the undersea gusher , located about a mile underwater , up to a ship on the surface .
It also has been laying booms out along barrier islands and spraying hundreds of thousands of gallons of chemical dispersants on the surface and near the sources of the leak .
But that element of the response came under new fire as well on Thursday , as the EPA ordered BP to find a less toxic chemical to use to break up the oil .
The EPA gave the company a day to pick a new substance and three days to start using it instead of the current dispersant , known as Corexit 9500 .
The chemical has been rated more toxic and less effective than many others on the list of 18 EPA - approved dispersants , according to testimony at a congressional hearing Wednesday .
" Because of its use in unprecedented volumes and because much is unknown about the underwater use of dispersants , EPA wants to ensure BP is using the least toxic product authorized for use , " the agency said in a statement announcing the order .
" We reserve the right to discontinue the use of this dispersant method if any negative impacts on the environment outweigh the benefits . "
Corexit 9500 includes petroleum distillates , propylene glycol and a proprietary organic sulfonic salt , and prolonged contact with it can cause eye or skin irritation , according to the manufacturer 's material data safety sheet .
The document warns that " repeated or prolonged exposure may irritate the respiratory tract . "
But BP says Corexit is biodegradable , has been approved by the EPA and the Coast Guard and is " readily available in the quantities required " by a response plan approved by the government before the spill .
i Report : Track the spill ;
Share stories
" It has been very effective in causing the oil to form into small , isolated droplets that remain suspended until they 're either eaten by naturally occurring microbes , evaporate , are picked up or dissolve , " the company said .
But it added , " At the same time , we are conducting ongoing assessment of alternative or supplemental dispersant products . "
Meanwhile , BP is readying a new attempt to plug the leak for Sunday by injecting a large amount of heavy " mud " -- a fluid used as a lubricant and counterweight in drilling operations -- into the well bore .
If that succeeds , the well will be cemented shut , officials have said .
" Everything is being done to make sure that happens , " Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , whose department oversees offshore oil drilling , told CNN's " American Morning " Thursday .
" We have the best scientists in the world who are overseeing what is going on .
So , we are hopeful that it will happen soon . "
Salazar said BP , which leased the rig from Transocean , has tried many techniques to stop the leaking and the government will do all in its power to hold them accountable .
" They 're putting a lot of hope on that Sunday , " he said .
" We 'll see if it happens . "
Salazar announced Wednesday that he was dividing the Interior Department 's Minerals Management Service , which regulates oil exploration , into three divisions .
The agency has come under fire since long before the spill , and Salzar said it would be reorganized to separate what he called the conflicting duties of regulating oil companies and collecting royalties from them .
" We inherited here what was a legacy of an agency that essentially was rubber - stamping whatever it was that the oil and gas industry wanted , " Salazar said .
" We have been on a reform agenda from Day One . "
CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Marylynn Ryan and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - BP
Plc will compensate all those affected by an oil spill from one of its wells in the Gulf of Mexico , its Chief Executive said , accepting the disaster could hit plans to open new areas off the U.S. coast to drilling .
Birds fly over oil on the water near Breton Sound Island , on the southern most tip of the Chandeleur Islands in the Gulf of Mexico , south of Louisiana , April 29 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Sean Gardner / Greenpeace / Handout
“ We are taking full responsibility for the spill and we will clean it up and where people can present legitimate claims for damages we will honour them .
We are going to be very , very aggressive in all of that , ” Tony Hayward told Reuters in an interview on Friday .
The massive spill , which started when an oil rig caught fire and sank last week , washed up to wildlife refuges and seafood grounds on the Louisiana coast on Friday .
The cost to the fishing industry in Louisiana could be $ 2.5 billion while the impact on tourism along Florida ’s Paradise coast could be $ 3 billion , Neil McMahon , analyst at investment firm Bernstein , said in a research note on Friday .
The spill could also hit President Barack Obama ’s plans to open some offshore areas of the U.S. where oil exploration is currently barred , to drilling , Hayward said .
“ There may be an industry issue around what may or may not be opened , ” he said .
However the CEO hopes an effective response to the spill , including a flotilla of around 80 vessels and several aircraft , would reassure people about the risks from drilling .
“ It would be bizarre to say it should n’t influence the debate .
How the debate will come out , I think ultimately will be judged by the success we have in dealing with this incident ” .
Regulations on drilling safety will also come under scrutiny , Hayward predicted .
“ Rightly , there will be a reaction .
Whenever you have something of this significance , it ’s right that regulators should look very hard at what they can do to further ensure that something like this never happens again , ” he said .
He said possible changes could relate to testing of equipment like the blow - out preventer on the ocean floor which failed to operate correctly and shut off the flow of oil , although he added it would be impossible to say how testing could be improved until the cause of the accident was known .
Failures of blow - out preventers are extremely rare and the equipment is regularly tested .
The scale of the disaster could also lead to changes in the rules on who is allowed to operate licences in the deeper waters of the Gulf of Mexico , analysts said .
The government could limit operating licences to larger companies , like BP , which have the deep pockets and operational capability to mount large cleanup operations .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In 1988 , shortly after winning his first term in Congress , Dana Rohrabacher dabbled briefly in another vocation — freedom fighter .
With Afghanistan ’s anti-Soviet insurgency a cause célèbre for conservatives , he traveled to the front lines .
Sporting a thick beard and traditional Afghan attire , the congressman - elect joined up with a rebel infantry unit whose mission included laying siege to a Soviet position .
When I met Rohrabacher recently at his Capitol Hill office — adorned with mementos of his Afghan adventures , including a tapestry of the legendary mujahideen commander Ahmad Shah Massoud — I asked if he ’d joined the battle .
“ Let ’s put it this way , ” he said , a glimmer in his eye .
“ I did n’t carry a gun — most of the time . ”
It ’s the kind of adventure that has earned the Orange County Republican , who ’s 62 , a reputation as “ colorful , ” or , as some put it , “ bat - shit crazy . ”
He ’s a banjo - playing , folk - singing , arch - conservative surfer , who — at a time when other politicians insisted they ’d never inhaled — publicly proclaimed he ’d done “ everything but drink the bong water . ”
An outspoken climate change skeptic , Rohrabacher once joked that “ dinosaur flatulence ” may have caused a prehistoric episode of global warming .
For almost two years , he ran a quixotic congressional investigation ( pdf ) into the Oklahoma City bombing , dispatching staff as far as the Philippines to prove that Terry Nichols had ties to Ramzi Yousef , one of the planners of the first World Trade Center bombing .
At a cringe - worthy hearing last fall , he lambasted an Iraqi politician over the “ type of bloodlust ” that “ exists in your society . ”
But though Rohrabacher often comes across as God ’s gift to liberal bloggers , on Afghanistan he is recognized as a genuine congressional expert — and he ’s staked out a position closer to the Hill ’s most liberal Democrats than to his fellow Republicans .
He opposes Obama ’s surge , warns that the troop escalation will only strengthen the Taliban ’s hand , and worries about history repeating itself : “ The American Army is playing the role of the Russian army , ” he laments .
Rohrabacher ’s Afghanistan history dates back to his days as a speechwriter and presidential adviser in the Reagan White House , where he helped shape the Reagan Doctrine — the policy of arming resistance movements to undermine Soviet influence , with the mujahideen serving as Exhibit A . “ I ’d be there with guys in full Afghan garb in the executive dining room of the White House , ” he recalls .
Michael Scheuer , the former chief of the CIA ’s bin Laden unit , says Rohrabacher was one of the few lawmakers who were “ interested in Afghanistan to an extent that surpassed how many dead Soviets there were . ”
In the years after the Soviets fled Afghanistan in 1989 , Rohrabacher says , his “ passion ” was to bring back the country ’s exiled king , Muhammad Zahir Shah , the only figure he believed could unite Afghans .
Instead , by 1996 , the Taliban had captured Kabul , and Rohrabacher began actively working to undermine them .
At one point he hitched a ride in a UN supply plane to the northern city of Mazar - i- Sharif with the aim of organizing a coalition of anti-Taliban warlords such as Massoud and the Uzbek militia commander Abdul Rashid Dostum .
“ I was flying all over the world , ” he says .
“ And I was on my own .
You know , I was a real freelancer on that one . ”
Indeed , the congressman “ was seen as having his own foreign policy , ” says Marvin Weinbaum , a former Afghanistan and Pakistan analyst at the State Department and now a scholar at the Middle East Institute .
“ He saw all sorts of nefarious plots that we were hatching with the Taliban .
He was certainly out to discredit the [ Clinton ] State Department . ”
Following a 2001 meeting with the Taliban ’s foreign minister in Qatar , US critics accused Rohrabacher of breaching the Logan Act , which prohibits American citizens from making unofficial diplomatic overtures .
In the fall of 2001 , Rohrabacher ’s friend Massoud was assassinated by a pair of Al Qaeda operatives .
Upon hearing the news , Rohrabacher wept in his office .
Then he phoned the Bush White House in a frenzy :
He believed Massoud ’s murder was the prelude to a major terrorist attack and requested an immediate audience with then - national security adviser Condoleezza Rice .
He got an appointment for the next day — September 11 .
In the aftermath of the attacks , Rohrabacher was in demand .
In meetings with Rice , as well as Pentagon and CIA officials , he says , he argued that the Northern Alliance and a small US team should oust the Taliban — the more heavy - handed operation favored by some military leaders would n’t work .
Rohrabacher ’s aides , meanwhile , worked the phones with their Afghan contacts , gathering intelligence on the Taliban ’s movements .
“ I had everybody ’s sat - phone number , ” says Al Santoli , a former foreign policy aide to Rohrabacher .
“ I spent as much time at the Pentagon as I did in the congressional office . ”
Even now , Rohrabacher grins when recalling the overthrow of the Taliban .
“ Everything was ours , ” he says .
“ We had the total faith of the vast majority of Afghans . ”
But , he adds , it all went sour when the administration decided to shift gears .
“ The turning point was when George W. Bush through his hubris decided he was going to — I can just see him saying , ‘ We ’re on a roll , let ’s go into Iraq . ’
We did n’t have the ability to sustain large - scale military operations in Iraq and still rebuild Afghanistan . ”
Still , Rohrabacher was a steadfast backer of the war during the Bush years , a stance he now considers “ a mistake . ”
Today , Rohrabacher vows to vote against any funding for Obama ’s surge in Afghanistan .
Instead he favors , perhaps unsurprisingly , a revival of the Reagan Doctrine .
He regards the Karzai government as hopelessly corrupt and sees a decentralized power structure as the only solution .
Rather than putting more American troops in harm ’s way , he ’d prefer that the US reinvigorate and perhaps arm Afghanistan ’s militias ( including those associated with his ex-Northern Alliance friends ) — the same forces the US and international forces initially tried to dismantle .
And instead of spending some $ 33 billion on the surge , Rohrabacher wants to allocate $ 5 billion for “ buying the good will of local village leaders ” while also embedding small US units in villages .
“ We have to have our people become part of the Afghan family , ” he says .
Rohrabacher has distributed a blueprint — authored by a Special Forces major whose unit developed a close rapport with an eastern tribe — for doing just that to all of his colleagues .
As the Obama administration formulated its war strategy last fall , Rohrabacher made his case to top officials , even the president himself — to little avail .
( Only Ambassador Karl Eikenberry , who in diplomatic cables expressed doubts about the surge , concurred with him over glasses of Uzbek brandy during a dinner party at his house , Rohrabacher says . )
Still , some of DC ’s top Afghanistan experts think Rohrabacher ’s ideas have merit :
His argument for a decentralized approach “ deserves serious consideration , ” Paul Pillar , former national intelligence officer for the Near East and South Asia , told me .
“ I would underscore that it is a totally different approach from what the administration has adopted . ”
As our interview drew to a close , an aide came in to announce Rohrabacher ’s next appointment .
The visitor was a young Afghan expat , who ’d been referred to him by a retired US general who figured the congressman might appreciate his insights .
“ Here ’s an Afghan for you , ” Rohrabacher said , striding out with a boisterous laugh .
“ This is typical . ”
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Wire services are reporting that Israeli commandos killed as many as 16 peace activists and wounded over 50 others as they boarded and commandeered the six ships of the Gaza aid flotilla .
Among the ships boarded , on which Israeli troops killed aid activists , was a Turkish vessel , the Marmara , on which there were casualties .
Early on Monday , some 300 Turkish protesters attempted to storm the Israeli consulate but were turned back by security forces .
Through Monday , larger and larger crowds gathered to protest the attack on the flotilla .
Some news sources were speaking of tens of thousands at rallies in Istanbul , with smaller numbers demonstrating before the Israeli embassy in the capital , Ankara , and in front of the US consulate in Adana .
The Turkish Foreign Ministry angrily condemned Israeli “ inhumane practices ” and warned that the attack on the Marmara may well have “ irreparable consequences ” on Turkish - Israeli relations .
Turkey had long been one of Israel ’s few friends in the Middle East , but since 2002 the ruling Justice and Development ( AK ) Party has been critical of Israeli policies in the Occupied Territories of the Gaza Strip and the Palestinian West Bank .
It is being alleged by members of Free Gaza that the aid ships were boarded in international waters and that Israel contravened the UN international convention on freedom of navigation on the high seas .
Although the Israeli press refers to the waters off Gaza as “ Israeli territorial waters , ” in fact Israel has no legal claim to the Gaza coast .
It is the Occupying power in Gaza since 1967 , but is in severe contravention of the 1949 Geneva Convention on the treatment of occupied populations .
There are two possible reasons for the violence .
One is that the Israeli troops boarding the vessels met some sort of resistance and over - reacted .
Aid volunteers are unlikely , however , to have posed much real challenge to trained special forces operatives .
The other possible reason is that the far rightwing government of Binyamin Netanyahu and his foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman gave a green light to the commandos to respond with excessive force .
That is , the deaths and woundings may have been a brutally frank warning to any future Gaza aid activists that they are taking their lives in their hands if they plan any more flotillas to help the Palestinians .
The Israeli far right may have felt that there was otherwise a danger that in a few months there would be an even bigger flotilla and that eventually the blockade of Gaza would be broken .
Although we outsiders would welcome this development because we are concerned about the health and well - being of Palestinian children under blockade , the Israeli Right views all Gazans as terrorists and sees besieging them as the only way to safeguard Israelis from attack .
The Israeli Right is being paranoid and inhumane in this belief .
There is no reason to think that denying Palestinians enough food or medical supplies or concrete will actually deter the small number directly involved in violence .
It is worth noting on Memorial Day that the Israeli attack deeply complicates the task of the US military in the region .
It is a propaganda boon for Sunni extremists and Shiite activists such as Muqtada al - Sadr in Iraq , and for the Taliban in Afghanistan .
It undermines the authority of the Egyptian and Jordanian governments , which have US - brokered peace treaties with Israel , treaties that are deeply unpopular with ordinary people in both countries .
That some demonstrations are being held in front of US consulates and not just Israeli ones tells us who will get the blame for Netanyahu ’s machismo .
The vessels were bringing over 600 protesters of Israel ’s blockade of Gaza and its collective punishment of its people in contravention of international law , along with 10,000 tons of aid .
Aljazeera English has video :
As I noted early last week , the World Health Organization vigorously contests Israeli officials ’ protestations that their siege of Gaza lets through enough food and materiel .
In fact , there is widespread unemployment , poverty , lack of medicine and medical equipment , and hunger in Gaza , and 10 percent of residents ( a majority of them children ) are physically stunted from malnutrition .
The deposed prime minister of the Palestine Authority , elected in 2006 but overthrown in the West Bank by a joint US / Israeli / PLO coup in 2007 , is Ismail Haniyeh .
He is now a leader of the Hamas Party that controls Gaza .
He gave a speech carried by Aljazeera in which he ridiculed the idea of good faith peace negotiations with Israel under the shadow of what he called such ongoing atrocities and condemned Palestine Authority Mahmoud Abbas for agreeing to participate in proximity talks with Israel .
He also called on the UN Security Council to meet on the crisis .
An organization of Palestinian - Israelis within Israel called for a general strike , according to Aljazeera Arabic .
I received the following account of the beginnings of the confrontation by email :
The Plus teacher packages are designed to give teachers ( and students ) easy access to Plus content on a particular subject area .
Most Plus articles go far beyond the explicit maths taught at school , while still being accessible to someone doing A level maths .
They put classroom maths in context by explaining the bigger picture — they explore applications in the real world , find maths in unusual places , and delve into mathematical history and philosophy .
We therefore hope that our teacher packages provide an ideal resource for students working on projects and teachers wanting to offer their students a deeper insight into the world of maths .
Maths and art
Maths is all about patterns and rhythms , so it 's no surprise that there 's plenty of maths in art .
Whether it's the visual arts or the performing arts , maths can be a tool , an inspiration , or simply something that 's naturally contained within the structures and patterns .
This teacher package brings together all Plus content on maths and art , grouped into the following categories .
Maths and the visual arts
String Theory , Duality and Art : how the Higgs boson and Turner Prize collide —
On the face of it , an artist and a theoretical physicist might seem an unlikely pairing .
But Turner Prize - winning sculptor Grenville Davey and string theorist David Berman 's collaboration is producing beautiful , thought - provoking work inspired by the fundamental structure of the Universe .
Julia
Hawkins interviewed them to find out more about how the Higgs boson and T - duality are giving rise to art .
( Physics , string theory )
Understanding uncertainty : Pure randomness in art —
This article is based on a talk the author gave at the recent John Cage exhibition in the Kettles Yard gallery in Cambridge .
Cage is perhaps best known for his avant - garde music , particularly his silent 1952 composition 4′33 ″ but also for his use of randomness in aleatory music .
But Cage also used randomness in his art .
( Randomness , Sudoku )
Maths and art : the whistlestop tour —
Our brains have evolved to take pleasure in rhythm , structure and pattern .
Since these topics are fundamentally mathematical , it should be no surprise that mathematical methods can illuminate our aesthetic sense .
( Geometry , the Golden Ratio , tessellation , polyhedra )
Getting into the picture —
Imagine stepping inside your favourite painting , walking around the light - filled music room of Vermeer 's The Music Lesson or exploring the chapel in the Trinity painted by Masaccio in the 15th century .
Using the mathematics of perspective , researchers are now able to produce three - dimensional reconstructions of the scenes depicted in these works .
( Linear algebra , matrices , perspective )
Universal pictures —
At first glance , differential equations do n't have much to do with beauty or art .
But a careful look at nature reveals that the patterns they describe are everywhere , from branching rivers to the behaviour of crowds .
This article is also accompanied by a podcast .
( Partial differential equations , diffusion )
Extracting beauty from chaos —
Fractal images based on the mathematics of chaos are very striking .
This article explains what the much misunderstood phenomenon of chaos really is , and how you can iterate functions to produce marvellous images of chaos from simple mathematics .
( Fractals , iterated functions , parabola )
Restoring profanity —
In 1979 decorating work in a house in Vienna revealed a set of medieval frescoes depicting a cycle of songs by a 13th century poet , who was particularly fond of satirising the erotic relationships between knights and peasant maidens .
The frescoes are of great historical significance , but they are badly damaged .
This article explores how mathematicians use the heat equation to fill in the gaps .
( Partial differential equations , diffusion , the heat equation )
Fractal expressionism —
In the late 1940s , American painter Jackson Pollock dripped paint from a can onto vast canvases rolled out across the floor of his barn .
This article explains that Pollock 's patterns are really fractals — the fingerprint of nature .
( Fractals , logarithms )
The artist 's fractal fingerprint —
A news story exploring how the fractal structures in Pollock 's paintings can be used to identify the artist , both to prevent forgery and to understand why we feel drawn to certain works of art .
Rollicking pollock debate —
A further news item revealing new research into the fractal structures in Pollock 's paintings .
Digital art — Computer - generated art is on the rise , and with it comes a further blurring of the boundaries between maths and art .
This article looks at some examples .
The power of origami —
We 've all heard of origami .
It 's all about making paper birds and pretty boxes , and is really just a game invented by Japanese kids , right ?
Prepare to be surprised with this journey through origami , maths and science .
( Euclidean geometry , trigonometry )
Imaging maths : unfolding polyhedra —
Not only are paper models of geometric shapes beautiful and intriguing , but they also allow us to visualise and understand some important geometric constructions .
Find out more about the gentle art of paper folding .
( Geometry , Platonic solids , Archimedean solids )
Imaging maths : Inside the Klein bottle —
This article takes you on an illustrated tour of an extraordinary geometric construction : the Klein bottle .
( Topology , Klein bottle , Möbius strip )
Still life —
Sometimes the best way to express a scientific idea is through an image that grabs the eye and invites viewers to wonder what they 're seeing .
This news story explores the mathematical winning entries of the 2006 Science and Engineering Visualisation Challenge .
( Geometry , topology , Klein bottle , Euclidean and non-Euclidean geometry )
Secrets from a bathroom floor —
Tilings have adorned buildings from ancient Rome to the Islamic world , from Victorian England to colonial Mexico .
But while it sometimes seems free from worldly limitations , tiling is a very precise art , where not much can be left to chance .
We can push and turn and wiggle , but if the maths is not right , it is n't going to tile .
( Geometry , tiling , tessellation , polygons )
The trouble with five — Squares do it , triangles do it , even hexagons do it — but pentagons do n't .
They just wo n't fit together to tile a flat surface .
So are there any tilings based on fiveness ?
This article takes us through the five - fold tiling problem and uncovers some interesting designs in the process .
( Geometry , tiling , symmetry , aperiodic tilings )
Career interview : Exhibition curator —
Exhibition design is not a career that the mathematically inclined tend to think about , let alone pursue .
Barry Phipps is the first interdisciplinary fellow with the Kettle 's Yard gallery in Cambridge .
His remit is to develop projects of an interdisciplinary nature — " to find the common ground between things . "
This interview is accompanied by a podcast .
Plus podcast : Cosmic imagery —
From the complexity of the snowflake , to the London tube map and the spiralling Andromeda galaxy , imagery has always been a vitally important ingredient of science .
In this podcast , Plus talks to John Barrow , professor of mathematics at Cambridge University and author of the new book Cosmic Imagery , about the images that have changed science , and how we have viewed science , over the centuries .
( Geometry , fractals , complex numbers , graphs , statistics , normal distribution , probability and chance , maps )
This podcast is also available in an enhanced version , which shows all the images mentioned in this podcast as you listen .
You can view the enhanced podcast in your browser , or download the MP4 file to watch on your computer or for playing on your MP4 player ( for example iPod ) .
Maths and design
Perfect buildings : the maths of modern architecture —
This article explores the maths behind some of the London 's landmark buildings .
( Mathematical modelling , geometry , parametric equations )
Bridges , string art and Bézier curves —
The Jerusalem Chords Bridge , Israel , was built to make way for the city 's light rail train system .
Its design took into consideration more than just utility — it is a work of art , designed as a monument .
Its beauty rests not only in the visual appearance of its criss - cross cables , but also in the mathematics that lies behind it .
( Geometry , coordinate geometry )
Career interview : furniture design —
Two designers tell us how they took the long way round to design , and how the maths and science they took in on the way helps them with their work today .
( Physics , engineering , geometry )
Career interview : fashion design — Sandy Black , Professor of Fashion and Textile Design , has combined her love of art and design with her love of mathematics in her career as a knitwear designer .
Sandy talks to Plus about the mathematics in fashion , knitting , and how science and fashion could make the world a better place .
( Ratios , dimensions , tiling , numeracy , topology )
Maths and music
Fractal music —
Fractals are a treat for your eyes , but what about your ears ?
Dmitry Kormann , a composer / keyboardist from São Paulo , Brazil , explains how he integrates fractal - like patterns in the very structure of his music , to obtain beautiful results .
( Fractals )
What makes an object into a musical instrument ? —
Many things make a noise when you hit them , but not many are commonly used to play music — why is that ?
Jim Woodhouse looks at harmonic and not so harmonic frequencies and at how percussion instruments are tuned .
( ratios , waves , harmonics )
The magical mathematics of music — According to Shakespeare , music is the food of love .
But this article follows Galileo 's observation that the entire universe is written in the language of mathematics — and that includes music .
( Waves , frequency , ratios )
Why is the violin so hard to play ? —
As anyone starting out knows , the violin is a difficult instrument .
It takes time before the novice player can expect to produce a musical note at the desired pitch , instead of a whistle , screech or graunch .
This article explains why .
( Waveforms , frequency )
Music and Euclid 's algorithm —
What does a mathematician from the 3rd century BC have to do with tuning musical instruments in 17th century Europe ?
This article tells us about one of the more unusual places you might find Euclid 's algorithm being used .
( Highest common factor , Euclid 's algorithm , frequency , ratios )
Sine language —
As an electronic musician Oli Freke has always been fascinated by sine waves , so much so that he 's created a song based on them .
In this article he explores his song , touching on ancient Greek mythology , strange piano tunings and Johann Sebastian Bach .
( Sine waves , waveforms , frequency , ratios )
Self - similar syncopations —
This article investigates the links between music and mathematics , throwing in limericks , Fibonacci and Scott Joplin along the way .
( Fibonacci series , symmetry , pattern )
Lost in music —
These are great times if you 're a music lover .
The World Wide Web opens the door to a near infinite volume of music , and new technology allows you to store a sizeable chunk of it on your hard drive or carry it around with you in a little box .
The problem is that choice is time - consuming .
This article explores the maths that allows you to interact with your music collection .
Career interview : Audio software engineer —
Skot McDonald talks to Plus about how he uses mathematics to understand music , and how he managed to combine his passions for music and computing to create a successful career .
( Sine wave , frequency , waveforms )
Career interview : computer music researcher —
Teaching a machine to understand music is an incredibly difficult task , but teaching a machine to compose music is quite another matter , and the wonderful world of mathematical patterns proves to be a gold mine .
Nick Collins talks to Plus about his artificial musician .
( Waves , frequency , sinusoidal waves , phase , algorithmic composition )
Maths and film
Maths goes to the movies —
Computer generated movies and electronic games : find out about the mathematics and engineering behind them .
( Geometry , linear algebra , vectors , complex numbers )
It 's all in the detail —
The computer animation used in movies and games is now so lifelike , it is very hard to believe that you are actually watching a surface built from simple shapes of triangles .
Find out how mathematics is used to help bring these models to life .
( Geometry , linear algebra , vector , dot product )
Career interview : Visual effects director —
Alexis Wajsbrot is a visual effects specialist who has worked on a number of high - profile films including Harry Potter and the Half - blood Prince , Harry Potter and the Order of Phoenix , Tim Burton 's Sweeney Todd , and also on some of those visually stunning commercials you see while waiting for your film to start .
( 3D coordinates , diffusion , mathematical models , physics )
Maths , madness and movies —
In the movies mathematicians are mostly mad .
Since here at Plus we firmly believe in our sanity , we 're puzzled as to why .
So we charged one of our authors with the unenviable task of sifting through five well - known maths movies and speculate towards an answer .
This article is accompanied by a podcast .
( Pi , mathematical proof , game theory )
Did a philosopher kill WALL-E? —
Artificial intelligence works fine in the movies , but can it ever become reality ?
( Logic )
Maths and theatre
A disappearing number — Mathematics took to the stage with A disappearing number , a work by Complicite , inspired by the mathematical collaboration of Hardy and Ramanujan .
This article explains some of the maths .
This article is accompanied by a podcast .
( Infinite series , convergence , partitions , patterns )
Career interview : Actor and mathematician — Victoria Gould has always known she would be an actor , and went straight from studying arts at school to running her own theatre company .
But she eventually had to come clean about her guilty secret — she loves maths — and has since managed to combine a career as a research mathematician and teacher with a successful acting career on television and in theatre .
She tells Plus why she needs to use both sides of her brain .
This interview is accompanied by a podcast .
( Physics , partitions , geometry , linear algebra )
Maths and writing
Career interview : Maths editor and fiction writer —
Plus bumped into an old friend at the International Congress of Mathematicians this year : Keith Mansfield is the author of the Johnny Mackintosh series and commissioning editor for mathematics at Oxford University Press at the same time .
In this interview he tells us how his he 's built a career around his two talents , writing and maths .
Try it yourself with NRICH
Our sister site NRICH published a collection of maths and art resources for all Key Stages from 1 to 5 in June 2010 .
Also , there is a collection of archived project work resources on maths and art & design created to accompany past video - conferences run by the Motivate project ( now ended ) .
Whilst tourists jump on a plane and cross continents in a matter of hours , great travellers have always identified the journey as the adventure .
Planning a route via rail is a great way to appreciate the landscape , and many offer hop on / off options that navigate a number of countries – simply check you have visas where needed , that travel insurance covers all locations and you cash appropriate currency to cover multi-country trips .
Here we showcase some of the best railway journeys around the world featuring videos of the stunning scenery that these train journeys pass through along the way .
The news is hot .
According to Bloomberg Sony will announce an Android based television in May .
I assume that this action will open up another front for Android Application Development .
The Android platform looks pretty bright from development point of view .
Within a short time the one phone ( G1 ) OS has grown into a significant player in the operating system market .
Statistics clearly show that Android is heavily gaining market share in the smartphone market .
That is already a stable trend beyond discussion .
In the last couple of months we keep hearing more and more news on android based tablets by big players for example the planned 7 and 10 inch devices by Dell .
( Credit : Engadget )
Netbooks are coming by Acer , Dell and HP ( although I am not sure HP will continue to pursue Android after the Palm aquisition ) and now we have an announcement on a television .
We are an Android Software Development company , so we are happy to see the platform developing in such pace and diversity .
This will open up a whole new era of software development on Android .
We are also sure that the future will be even brighter and we will see surprising and furhter mass consumer devices running Android .
If you do your development work in Linux , there are certain commands that you owe it to yourself to master fully .
There are a number of these with the main ones being grep , find and sort .
Just about everyone has at least a passing familiarity with these commands , but with most people the knowledge is superficial , they do n’t even realise how powerful those commands can be .
So , if you really put in the effort to master them , not only will you make your own life much easier , but you will also be able to impress all you friends with your elite Linux skills when you pair with them :) .
I will cover grep and find ( as well as other valuable commands ) in subsequent posts – here we will concentrate on sort .
Note : I am using bash , so your mileage might vary if you ’re using a different shell .
Sorting is a fundamental task when it comes to programming , if you have a decent knowledge of various sorting algorithms , their advantages and disadvantages , you will be a better software developer for it .
However , often enough you just do n’t need to draw on this deeper knowledge .
Whether you ’re answering an interview question about sorting or simply need to quickly sort some data in you day to day work – the Linux sort command is your friend .
The extent of most people ’s knowledge ends with :
sort some_file.txt
Which is fair enough , you rarely need to dig deeper , the default behaviour will usually do what you need and when it does n’t – we have Ruby or Perl , we can hack something together .
Well I hope that we ’re somewhat more curious than your average developer :) .
As much is we like hacking things together , if a tool can already do all the work for us , we want to know about it .
We can look at the man page for sort and discover all sorts of interesting bits , but even the man page is not really clear on the more advanced aspects of sort usage .
It helps to have examples to truly grok the kinds of stuff you can do with sort , so let ’s have a look .
Sorting Basics
To start with we have the following file :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/ sort $ cat letters.
txt b D c A C B d a
We ’ll do the most basic sort first :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp / sort $ sort letters .
txt a A b B c C d D
Looks good , how about doing it in reverse :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp / sort $ sort -r letters .
txt D d C c B b A a
Also easy , but what if we want to be case insensitive ?
Hang on a sec , according to the output it ’s already case insensitive .
But the man page has an option for this :
-f , -- ignore - case fold lower case to upper case characters
If sort is case insensitive by default , what is this option for .
We ’ll that one is a bit of a gotcha , it looks like GNU sort is case insensitive by default , but the man page also contains the following :
*** WARNING ***
The locale specified by the environment affects sort order .
Set LC_ALL=C to get the traditional sort order that uses native byte values .
What this means that we need to set the LC_ALL environment variable to get the behaviour that we would expect from sort ( i.e. capital letters before non-capitals ) .
Let ’s try that :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/ sort$ export LC_ALL=C [ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort$ sort letters .
txt A B C D a b c d
That ’s better , and now our -f option is actually useful :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/ sort $ sort -f letters .
txt A a B b C c D d
That looks ok , but something still seems a little funny , all the capitals appear before all the non-capitals every time .
That ’s because the sort is not stable , but we can make it stable :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp / sort $ sort -f -s letters .
txt A a b B c C D d
Now that ’s exactly what we wanted , it ’s case insensitive and stable , i.e. if the small letter appeared before the capital when unsorted ( and the letters are the same ) , this order will be the same in the sorted list .
Ok , but what if we have numbers :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort $ cat numbers.txt 5 4 12 1 3 56
A normal sort is not what we want :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort $ sort numbers.
txt 1 12 3 4 5 56
But we can fix that :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort $ sort -n numbers.
txt 1 3 4 5 12 56
And , if our lines happen to have some leading blanks :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort $ cat blank_letters.txt b D c A C B d a
We can easily ignore those and still sort correctly ( using the - b flag ) :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort $ sort -f -s - b blank_letters.txt
A a b B c C D d
Of course none of this actually writes the sorted output back to the file , we only get it on standard output .
If we want to write it back to the file , we have to redirect the output to a new file and then replace the old file with the new file :
As an alternative to redirection , sort also has the -o option :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort $ sort -f -s - b blank_letters2.txt -o blank_letters2.sorted [ email protected ]:~/tmp/sort$ cat blank_letters2.sorted
A a b B c C D d
Alright , this is all pretty standard stuff , let ’s see how we can do something a little bit more fancy .
Advanced Sort Usage
One of the most common use cases when it comes to sort is to pipe its output to uniq , in order to remove any duplicate lines , but this is often not necessary as sort has a uniq - type option built right in ( - u ) :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort $ cat blank_letters.txt b D c A C B d a [ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort $ sort -f -s -u blank_letters.txt A b c D
It even took into account the fact that we wanted to be case insensitive .
Compare that to a case - sensitive sort with a uniq option set :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort $ sort -s -u blank_letters.
txt A B C D a b c d
Nothing is removed as there are no duplicate lines .
But what if my lines are a little bit more complicated than just a single letter , what if there are multiple columns and I want to sort by one of those columns ( not the first one ) .
This is also possible :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/ sort $ ls -al | sort - k5 total 36 - rw -r--r-- 1 alan alan 14 May 9 00:12 numbers.txt -rw-r--r-- 1 alan alan 16 May 9 00:00 letters.txt -rw-r--r-- 1 alan alan 16 May 9 00:40 blank_letters.txt -rw-r--r-- 1 alan alan 20 May 9 00:33 blank_letters2.sorted -rw-r--r-- 1 alan alan 20 May 9 00:33 blank_letters2.txt -rw-r--r-- 1 alan alan 20 May 9 00:37 blank_letters3.txt -rw-r--r-- 1 alan alan 84 May 8 23:15 file1.txt drwxr-xr-x 3 alan alan 4096 May 8 23:13 .. drwxr-xr-x 2 alan alan 4096 May 9 00:40 .
As you can see we sorted the output of ls by the size ( the 5th column ) .
This is what the -k option is for .
Basically -k tells sort to start sorting at a particular column given a particular column separator .
The column separator is , by default , any blank character .
So in the above example , we told sort to sort by the 5th column given the fact that the column separator is blanks .
But we do n’t have to be restricted by the default separator , we can specify our own using the -t option .
Let ’s sort the first 10 lines of my /etc / passwd file ( promise you wo n’t hack my machine since I am giving it away like that :) ) by the 4th column – the group id .
As you know the /etc / passwd file uses the : ( colon ) character as the separator ( _for more info on the format see here_ ) .
Here is the output unsorted :
There is a group id of 65534 in there which should appear last .
Let ’s sort it :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp / sort$ cat /etc / passwd | head | sort -t : - k4 -n root ❌0:0: root :/ root:/bin/bash daemon❌1:1: daemon:/usr/sbin:/bin/sh bin❌2:2:bin:/bin:/bin/sh sys❌3:3:sys:/dev:/bin/sh
lp❌7:7:lp:/var/spool/lpd:/bin/sh mail❌8:8:mail:/var/mail:/bin/sh news❌9:9:news:/var/spool/news:/bin/sh man❌6:12👨/var/cache/man:/bin/sh games ❌5:60:games:/usr/games:/bin/sh sync❌4:65534:sync:/bin:/bin/sync
We had to do a numeric sort since we ’re dealing with numbers , and we specified : ( colon ) as the column separator .
The output is sorted correctly with 65534 being on the last line .
Pretty cool !
But the fun does n’t stop there , we can sort by multiple columns , one after the other .
Consider this list of IP addresses :
Let ’s sort it by the first column , so that all the addresses starting with 127 go together , and then sort it by the 4th column , to make sure that the IPs are sorted by the last column within each range .
We specified the dot as the separator .
The -k 2,2n syntax has the following meaning .
Do a sort by column ( - k ) , start at the beginning of column 2 and go to the end of column 2 ( 2,2 ) .
The n on the end is to indicate that we want to do a numeric sort since we are dealing with numbers .
That is some powerful stuff , would n’t you agree ?
Cool / Useful Stuff
There is still more we can do with the sort command .
Have you ever wanted to randomize the lines in a file ?
It is not a common use case , but does come in handy once in a while ( if only for testing purposes , sometimes ) .
Well , the sort command has you covered here also with the - R option ( that ’s capital R ) :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort $ cat numbers.txt 5 4 12 1 3 56 [ email protected ]:~/tmp/sort$ cat numbers.
txt | sort -R 5 4 1 3 12 56 [ email protected ]:~/tmp/sort$ cat numbers.
txt | sort -R 3 4 1 56 5 12
We get a different order every time , which is what we would expect from randomizing the lines .
If you give sort multiple files on the command line , it will combine the contents of all the files and sort it as a whole :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort $ sort -n numbers.
txt numbers2.txt 1 1 3 4 4 5 7 8 10 12 22 23 26 56 56 68
This is really handy , but sometimes , the files you have are already sorted , you just want to merge them .
Sort provides the ** - m** options just for this purpose .
The output of using sort on two files will be exactly the same whether you use -m or not , but merging should be faster :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp/sort $ sort -n -m numbers1.sorted numbers2.sorted 1 1 3 4 4 5 7 8 10 12 22 23 26 56 56 68
Lastly , if you just want to check if a file is sorted or not , without actually performing the sort , you have the -c option :
There you go , the total awesomeness of the sort command laid bare .
If you know any other handy things you can do with sort , do leave a comment .
And remember – only use your new - found sort powers for good instead of evil :) .
Image by SewPixie ( so far behind ! )
( CNN ) --
The Vatican will embark on a sweeping new legal strategy Monday in responding to allegations of sex abuse in the United States , CNN has learned .
Responding to a Louisville , Kentucky , lawsuit that seeks to depose top Vatican officials -- including Pope Benedict XVI -- the Holy See plans to file a motion Monday denying that the church issued a document mandating secrecy in the face of abuse allegations , as many victims allege , according to a Vatican attorney .
The Vatican 's motion also will argue that bishops are not employees of the Holy See , exempting the Vatican from legal culpability in cases of alleged abuse in the U.S. , said Jeffrey Lena , the Vatican 's U.S. - based attorney .
Whether or not the Vatican succeeds in getting the Louisville case dismissed based on those arguments will likely have implications for church abuse lawsuits across the country -- including two other suits that target the Vatican -- at a time when allegations of abuse and cover - up are dogging the church worldwide .
Much of the litigation against the church has argued that a 1962 document -- called crimen sollicitationis in Latin , which means " crimes of solicitation " -- barred church officials from contacting civil authorities with allegations of sex abuse against the church .
Abuse victims and their attorneys have said the document is evidence of a broader church culture of secrecy and cover - up in responding to abuse allegations .
For the first time , the Vatican on Monday will challenge those charges .
" Contrary to what some plaintiffs ' attorneys have contended , crimen did not mandate bishops to keep silent about sexual abuse in their dioceses , " Lena said .
" That is important , because many Catholics , in particular , have been saddened by the idea that the laws of their church would prevent compliance with the law , and it simply is not true . "
The 1962 document primarily refers to cases involving confession .
If a priest tries to solicit sex from someone who is trying to give their confession , it says , the allegation against the priest should be " pursued in a most secretive way ... under penalty of excommunication . "
Church leaders argue the document had no bearing on civil or criminal law and was superseded by the 1983 Code of Canon Law , which " treats the sexual abuse of a minor ( and solicitation of a penitent by confessor ) as criminal behavior , which may be punished by dismissal from the clerical state . "
The Vatican also plans to argue Monday for the first time that bishops are not employees of the Vatican , as a handful of U.S. lawsuits against the Holy See allege .
" We will respectfully submit that this is a fallacious theory , " Lena said .
" The Holy See , or the Pope , does not ' employ ' bishops in the United States . "
The church argues that bishops act with local autonomy in their respective dioceses .
The Louisville case was filed in 2004 by three men who allege that they were victims of priest abuse as children and who are seeking damages from the Vatican .
The men's attorney , William McMurry , did not return a call to his office on Sunday night .
He is seeking to interview top Vatican officials , including the pope , in the case .
If you ’re going to jailbreak your iPhone or iPad , before you get started , we highly recommend you backup your device ’s SHSH blobs .
With the release of iPhone 3GS and iPod Touch G3 , Apple added an extra layer of security to prevent hacking , jailbreaking and unlocking .
Apple is constantly closing the exploits used by jailbreak hackers by updating the firmware of its iPhone / iPt and iPad .
If you accidentally upgrade your jailbroken device to Apple ’s latest firmware , you ca n’t re-jailbreak it until hackers release new jailbreak software .
You can , however , downgrade your device to the previous firmware version which can be jailbroken — if you have your SHSH blobs on file .
You can extract these SHSH records and save them with the help of a utility called Umbrella .
Here ’s how :
Keep in mind that these records are firmware specific and each time you update , you should repeat this process to save the records for the particular firmware version .
What you ’ll need :
Mac
i Phone 3GS / iPod Touch G3 / iPad ( no need to do this if you have any older device ) .
Firmware Umbrella for Mac by Semaphore ( version 2.2.2 or later )
Please backup your device in iTunes before following the below procedure .
Note also that your SHSH blobs are firmware specific and each time you update , you should repeat this process to save the records for each particular firmware version .
1. Download Firmware Umbrella and extract the ZIP file .
Double - click to open the folder and then extract the ‘ Umbrella ’ app from the ‘ Umbrella.dmg ’ file inside .
2. Open Terminal from ‘/ Applications / Utilities / ’ then enter the following command and press return .
sudo / Applications / TextEdit.app/Contents/MacOS/TextEdit /etc/hosts
When prompted for password , type your Mac admin password and press return .
A text edit window should appear .
3 . Look for a line containing ‘ gs.apple.com ’ , erase the line and save and close the file .
( NOTE : There ’s a chance this line might not be there .
In that case , just close the file ) .
4. Open Umbrella and put your ECID in ( if you do n’t already know it , grab the device ’s ECID using this guide ) .
Choose your device and firmware version from the ‘ Device Version ’ dropdown list .
Now , choose an ‘ SHSH Repository ’ from the dropdown menu .
‘ Apple ’ checks if the SHSH is stored on their servers and saves a copy locally .
‘ Saurik – Cydia ’ checks if the SHSH is stored with Cydia , if not it will be stored there and locally .
5 . Press the ‘ Submit ’ button .
When the status returns positive in the bottom left corner , the SHSH file should be downloaded to the same folder as the Umbrella application .
( NOTE :
The application may freeze briefly but it usually comes back with an OK message . )
pap campaigns
This page is currently only available in English .
Questions ?
Get in touch with us at info@rainbowhealthontario.ca
The Check it Out and Check it Out Guys campaigns were launched in 2009 and 2010 respectively by Rainbow Health Ontario and various community partners to raise awareness about the importance of Pap screenings for specific populations .
The Check it Out campaign focused on reminding women who have sex with women that Paps matter for them , and Check it Out Guys on the importance of Paps for trans men .
While both websites are no longer active , their full content ( last updated in 2009 / 2010 ) still remains accessible via the WayBack Machine Internet Archive .
Visit the archived Check it Out or Check it Out Guys sites today .
Materials for both campaigns remain available for order in the RHO online store .
The URLs on the campaign materials are still active and will bring visitors to this page .
A poster from the Check it Out campaign .
Wave energy hydropower developer Aquamarine Power has unveiled the design of its Oyster 2 wave energy converter , which will be built in Scotland this summer .
The 800 - kW device will measure 26 meters by 16 meters and will deliver 250 percent more power than the original Oyster 1 , which was successfully deployed at the European Marine Energy Centre ( EMEC ) in Orkney last summer , Aquamarine reported .
The new Oyster device incorporates design improvements on Oyster 1 , enabling it to produce more energy , be simpler to install and easier to maintain .
The company will begin deployment of three Oyster 2 devices at EMEC in summer 2011 .
All three devices will be linked to a single onshore 2.4 - MW hydroelectric turbine .
A farm of 20 Oyster 2 devices would provide enough energy for more than 12,000 homes .
The European Marine Energy Centre , a test center for commercial - scale wave and tidal energy hydropower devices , is expanding to attract international businesses with smaller prototypes at earlier development stages , EMEC reported .
Recently declassified new color footage of D - day .
For more visit my profile !
Thailand took a tough stand against thousands of anti-government protesters today , rejecting demands for UN - supervised talks and calling on their leaders to surrender after deadly clashes with troops .
The hardline comments from the Thai government doused hopes of a compromise to end three days of fighting that has killed at least 29 people , all civilians , and wounded 221 , trapping residents in homes and raising the risk of a broader conflict .
Nattawut Saikai , a protest leader , called for a ceasefire and UN - moderated talks .
" We have no other condition .
We do not want any more losses , " he told supporters .
But the government swiftly dismissed the offer .
" If they really want to talk , they should not set conditions like asking us to withdraw troops , " said Korbsak Sabhavasu , the prime minister 's secretary - general .
Authorities declared a state of emergency in five more provinces as fighting showed signs of spreading to the north and north - east .
A political scientist at Chulalongkorn University , Vienrat Nethito , said rejection of any ceasefire talk was ominous .
" This pretty much guarantees fighting will continue and the city will be even closer to the brink of civil war . "
In Bangkok , many residents stayed indoors today or stocked up on food and other supplies as fighting raged .
The heaviest fighting took place in the Bon Kai area of Rama IV , a main artery to the business district .
Troops and snipers fired machine guns as protesters hurled petrol bombs and burned walls of kerosene - soaked tyres .
One protester was shot in the head by a sniper , a witness said .
By afternoon , as clashes intensified , a grenade was tossed at troops , who responded with gunfire that scattered the demonstrators into nearby alleys .
Some wounded protesters were taken to hospital on the back of motorcycles , witnesses said , as medical rescue workers were either blocked by the military or too scared to enter the scene of clashes after two medical workers were killed in the clashes .
The protesters had been demanding the resignation of the British - born , Oxford - educated prime minister , Abhisit Vejjajiva , whom they accuse of colluding with Thailand 's royalist elite and meddling with the judiciary to bring down previous elected governments .
" I will stay here .
We will not flee , " Jatuporn Prompan , a protest leader , told supporters in their 1.2 square mile encampment where at least 5,000 people , including women and children , are barricaded behind walls of tyres , poles and concrete .
Some women , children and the elderly are trickling into a nearby Buddhist temple for safety .
The government is seeking co-operation with protest leaders to dispatch Red Cross workers and other human rights volunteers to persuade people to leave .
Analysts and diplomats said the military appeared to have underestimated the resolve of the protesters who have been barricaded in a district of luxury hotels and shopping malls for six weeks .
The mostly rural and urban poor protesters , supporters of the ousted premier Thaksin Shinawatra , accuse the military - backed government of colluding with the royalist elite and meddling with the judiciary to bring down previous Thaksin - allied governments .
No soldiers have been identified in the official death toll .
Two rescue medical workers have been killed and five journalists shot , though one was not wounded because the bullet deflected off his flak jacket .
A witness said that a young man walking in the street near Victory Monument , where clashes took place on Saturday , was shot in the head by a sniper 's bullet .
He did not appear to be a protester .
Many protest leaders face terrorism charges that carry a maximum penalty of death , raising the stakes in a two - month crisis that has paralysed parts of Bangkok , stifled south - east Asia 's second - biggest economy and decimated tourism .
The US embassy has offered to evacuate families and partners of US government staff based in Bangkok on a voluntary basis , and urged its citizens against travel to Bangkok .
The government 's strategy of starving protesters out of their encampment was shows signs of having an effect .
Supplies of food , water and fuel were starting to run short as the redshirt delivery trucks were blocked .
But protesters said they still had enough to hold out for days .
CAUTION !
Do not touch the blades on your neck propeller while they are active .
Tiny ad : 2021 RMH Jamboree planning thread !
https://permies.com/wiki/148835/permaculture-projects/RMH-Jamboree-planning-thread
After foreclosure :
How long until you can buy again ?
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Walking away from a mortgage you can still afford to pay has consequences ; everyone knows that .
Your credit score is shot and it can be impossible to get credit .
Some homeowners , no doubt , believe that the credit score hit is worth getting out from a deeply underwater mortgage .
They may owe , say , $ 500,000 when their house value is only valued at $ 350,000 .
And , they figure , there 's no way it will ever be worth what they owe so it 's better to get out from underneath the burden .
After default , they reason , they can raise their FICO scores by paying all their bills on time and eventually finance another home purchase .
Do n't count on it .
While homeowners who default due to economic hardship , such as a job loss or divorce , normally must wait two to five years before buying a home again , walkaways may face double that time .
" It could be well over seven or eight years before [ walkaways ] are able to obtain a mortgage to buy a home again , " said Jay Brinkmann , chief economist for the Mortgage Bankers Association .
" Credit scores are only one component of a complete credit decision , " Brinkmann said .
" [ In these cases ] credit scores are not a good indicator of their willingness to continue to pay their mortgage . "
But future underwriters will scrutinize their records very closely , and if they find no precipitating factors leading to the defaults -- no job loss , no health issues -- the repaired credit score wo n't overshadow the black mark of a walkaway .
" If you made a strategic decision to default on paying your mortgage , it will work against you , " said Bill Merrell of the National Association of Review Appraisers and Mortgage Underwriters .
Merrell , who teaches underwriting , said banks are looking at several factors in determining whether to grant mortgages : the amount of money borrowers have in the bank ; employment histories ; payment history .
However , banks may be far more lenient if the default resulted from factors somewhat beyond the borrower 's control , such as from local economic problems .
" They 'll give you more consideration if it 's job related , " he said .
But , he added , banks look at strategic defaults " very negatively . "
That said , it 's not impossible to get a loan .
Banks still want to make interest payments , so they might be willing to gamble with a walkaway .
" It might be a little more difficult for them to borrow , but [ banks ' ] drive for market share -- to profit from making loans -- will trump that caution , " said Keith Gumbinger , of the mortgage information publisher HSH Associates .
" I do n't think we 'll see a full denial . "
It 's hard to foresee the state of mortgage lending six or seven months from now , let alone seven or eight years into the future .
So lenders may look at applications from one - time strategic defaulters and say , " Yes , they walked away but it 's a whole different market now , " according to Gumbinger .
Even so , lenders may require more from borrowers who walked away than those who did n't .
" To the extent they could get a mortgage , " said Brinkmann , " they can count on needing a heavy down payment . "
The lenders may ask for 30 % down or more .
That would provide enough collateral cushion that the bank could get all or most of its money back in a foreclosure .
Strategic defaulters might also be charged higher interest rates , even above the levels other borrowers with similar credit scores would receive .
CANBERRA is expected to announce a banking levy on Friday which will help raise funds towards a bank bailout in the event of a financial crisis .
The Australian Financial Review ( AFR ) has reported that the government will announce the deposit insurance levy as part of their economic statement this week .
According to the AFR one of the big banks spoke out against the plans , highlighting that the levy would be passed on to customers in the form of reduced interest payments on deposits .
The insurance levy is expected to be between 0.05 per cent and 0.1 per cent .
Share prices of the major banks were down following the AFR report on the proposed levy .
The Council of Financial Regulators recommended the insurance levy in February to ensure Australia ’s banking system is robust enough to weather a financial crisis .
The Australian government currently guarantees deposits of up to $ 250,000 without any levies on the banks .
The equivalent deposit guarantee in the UK is $ 167,000 .
Money raised from the levy will build up over time and will also appear in the budget bottom line , helping the government return the budget to surplus in 2016 - 17 .
“ The fundamental point is we will respond to the government ’s economic statement when we see the economic statement .
We are not going to respond piecemeal to rumoured or individual items that may or may not be in it , ” Tony Abbott told reporters in Melbourne .
“ This is a government that cannot control its spending and because it can’t control its spending whenever it gets into trouble , it hits you the Australian people with more taxes and all of it , whether it ’s a bank deposit tax , an increase in cigarette tax , it ’s a tax on you the people , ” he said .
Blaine Long Arizona Songwriter Speaks On Surviving ‘ The Voice ’ And Releasing New Music
Blaine Long Arizona singer talks about surviving The Voice and releasing new music Blaine Long , a former contestant on the Voice , recalled what it was like being on the show .
His run on the show did not go quite as well as he had planned but he did not let that bring him down .
He [… ]
Country Chick
Have you ever made love on a hayrick when birds are singing outside and a sound naturally smelling country chick that just have milked her cow is showing her virgin holes to you , playing with her clit and putting her soft fingers between rose petals of her pussy ?
If no you have lost a lot and now you ’ve got a chance to enjoy all pleasures of villages sex with black haired Hungarian porn star Zafira Klass at a hayloft .
Ecological sex tourism to the fresh pussy of a shepherdess is only here !
One of the best kinds of uniform fetish here !
Hungarian pornstar Zafira Klass as country chick spripping at PixAndVideo.com
Just in time for the world cup – what an enormous coincidence – EA have flung open the doors to their browser - based , semi-casual rethink of FIFA .
I yammered about that here , and you can sign up for it here .
Or just stare at the site ’s mildly frightening digitisation of Wayne ‘ the kid from Bully ’ Rooney .
Roleplaying Tips Weekly E- Zine Issue # 482 Instilling Common Sense Into Players , Part 1 Contents : This Week's Tips Summarized
A Brief Word From Johnn
Instilling Common Sense Into Players , Part 1
Game Master Tips & Tricks
This Week 's Tips Summarized Instilling Common Sense Into Players , Part 1 Instilling Common Sense Into Players , Part 1 Game Master Tips & Tricks Inconspicuous Numbering Of Miniatures Virtual Gaming Experience Monster Name Generator Art Resources Johnn Four 's GM Guide Books
The Keep Campaign Manager Finally , there 's a personal information manager designed specifically for gamers ...
The Keep from NBOS Software .
Use The Keep to organize and track all your gaming information .
Use it for notes , logs , maps , handouts ... all the information you need to track for a successful campaign !
Download the trial version !
Special coupon codes for Roleplaying Tips readers Return to Contents A Brief Word From Johnn There Is No One True Way
This week 's feature article is composed of reader responses and advice to a GM experiencing character invulnerability problems .
His players think their characters can handle any situation the GM throws at them .
The problem is the GM wants to use opponents the PCs are n't ready to combat yet , but he does not want to kill PCs when they try , either .
One take away I got from reading and editing all the responses : there is no absolute solution to this situation .
We all have different GMing styles and expectations .
Our players are unique , as are our group dynamics .
I encourage you to think a bit about what kind of group you have , who you are as a GM , what everyone 's expectations and play preferences are , and what players want to get out of your games .
Then , as you read all the advice below , consider it a menu of options .
In there , hopefully , is a combination of information that 's right for you and your group .
Not every answer will apply .
Some answers will be more suitable than others .
Those answers might be perfect for your neighbours , though .
That 's what makes RPG so great - we can play the game just how we like it .
Contest Ends Soon :
What is your biggest GMing roadblock ?
Erik @ Paizo sent me some goodies and I thought they 'd make excellent prizes .
Plus , they kind of celebrate the start of my new Pathfinder RPG campaign .
=
How to Enter = Email me what you feel is your biggest GMing roadblock right now .
What 's stopping you from GMing ?
If you have a regular game , what is stopping you from becoming an even better GM ? =
How to Win =
I 'll randomly draw on April 6 the winners for these prizes : The Pathfinder Chronicles Campaign Setting hardcover
A deck of GameMastery Wondrous Treasure cards
A GameMastery Cathedral Flip - Mat
So just email me your biggest game mastering hurdle , stumbling block , or problem to enter by April 6 .
Strange Aweber Links
Last week I made a mistake when sending out the ezine .
I accidently left my listhost 's link system turned on .
That replaced all the nice links with brutally long ones .
Sorry about that .
The links are harmless , and you do eventually get to the final destination .
When using Aweber 's link system , I get a report on how many of us click on the links ( but not who - the report is anonymous ) .
Last issue , the click rate was 25 % .
That 's pretty high !
Thought this trivia might be interesting to you .
I 'll be on guard against this when sending out this issue , but if human error happened once , it 'll happen again .
So if you see those crazy long aweber.com links , do n't panic , curse my name , and feel free to click .
Have a game - full week .
Cheers , Johnn Four ,
johnn@roleplayingtips.com
Twitter
StumbleUpon
Campaign Mastery Return to Contents Check out the Role Playing Games at Troll and Toad Troll and Toad.com is the authority on RPGs , Board Games , Miniatures , Magic The Gathering , CCGs ( collectible card games ) and Video Games .
With decades in the gaming scene you can rest assured we are reliable , knowledgeable and we provide top tier customer service .
Troll and Toad is a name you can trust !
We have been in business since 1991 and we 're a member of the Better Business Bureau in good standing .
Love games ?
Take a look at our massive inventory at Troll And Toad.com www.trollandtoad.com
Return to Contents Instilling Common Sense Into Players , Part 1
Recently , I posted a request from a GM who needed help putting the fear of death and consequences into his players .
Thanks to everyone who responded with tips and advice !
Below is the original request .
Following that are all the responses sent in .
The original request from mrmike65 I 'd like to pose a problem I suspect is not unique among DMs : invulnerable players .
My players walk through my world with the preconception there is nothing they need to run from .
Scenario :
Three characters are on a long , narrow bridge that extends to a nearby island .
They are halfway across when two large mounted warriors leading a team of eight spellcasters appear at the opposite end , heading toward them .
As the opposition nears , the characters see that the mounted warriors are actually trolls in spiked plate mail , with lances , riding oversized howlers .
They can also see that the hooded spellcasters are all over 7 feet tall , not human , and actively preparing spells ( waving of clawed hands and chanting loudly , with a dark purple haze beginning to swirl above their heads ) .
I did my best to make this group of enemies seem strong and dangerous .
The howlers are rearing and lunging to tear flesh ; they even use their howl special ability a couple of times even though they are out of range .
The trolls are slamming their lances on their shields .
Lightning plays throughout the growing haze above the spellcasters .
What do the characters do ?
They run like good little munchkins .
It 's a good move - except they 're not running for their lives , they 're running to trap the enemy in the narrow corridors of the complex behind them .
So , as the enemy approaches the PCs ' trap , I have a couple of stray ogres appear on the scene between the enemy and the characters , just to have them instantly mangled by the enemy .
This was my last attempt to impart the message of lethal danger .
Only , I do n't think the message was received because the characters turn to face the enemy and " teach them a lesson " ( actual quote ! ) .
Twelve rounds later , two characters are dead and one is running for his life in dark , tiny passages .
It 's been a while since I actually played a character , but if I had been playing I would have kept running from the first .
Then found a way to neutralize the enemy or bypass them all together .
After much thought , here are two reasons I can come up with for this debacle :
It may be I am too fair or too easy a DM , but I am proud to say I view roleplaying as a cooperative effort between DM and players - not a competition .
I like to challenge my players and not abuse them .
My players know I would much rather mangle and handicap a character , forcing them to be more creative in their efforts , than outright kill them .
Instead of that two stone block turning a character into a pancake , I 'll make them lose the front half of their right foot and deal with the penalties .
Video games reinforce the idea that there is an unlimited supply of characters .
It is true .
I 'm not going to tell a player they can't play any more because their character died .
Players are not that easy to come by .
If a character dies , the player either resurrects it ( with all the standard penalties and due process ) or makes a new one ( and waits until the moment is right to jump back into the adventure , albeit in a different capacity ) .
By the way , this whole encounter was crafted as an attempt to put the fear of the gods back into the characters , because I had come to realize my group of players had become complacent and bored .
Every encounter and trap had become mundane and ultimately non-threatening to the characters and their quest .
So , the question is , how can I instill common sense back into my players without compromising my cooperative roleplaying ethics ?
RPT readers respond Players Do Not Flee Faster Opponents From Jeff Groves Johnn , I 've encountered Mike 's problem before .
I do n't think his players ' reaction to his encounter reveals a lack of common sense on their part ; rather , a different reading of the situation based on what they expected and certain traits .
Most players expect any challenge they face is to be overcome , not avoided ; it 's a reasonable assumption if they 're going off standard heroic fantasy stories .
Heroes confront challenges , only cowards turn and run .
He also mentioned that two of the enemies were mounted .
That is a bad clue to insert into an encounter the PCs are supposed to flee from .
If the PCs are on foot , mounted enemies will be more mobile than them .
You do not flee from an enemy faster than you , else you get cut down from behind .
Given those circumstances , I think the PCs thought they were doing exactly what Mike wanted them to : retreat from the powerful enemy to better terrain , then turn around to confront them .
Here are my suggestions for making it easier for PCs to read a retreat situation : Reveal The Numbers To Them Vague displays of power do n't faze PCs ; they live in a world where humans confront dragons and win , and villains puff themselves up with threats and displays before an epic battle .
Try this sometime : give your players some random enemy descriptions , then ask them to guess what level the enemies are .
How close to their actual level were they ?
Would acting on that guess be fatal ?
The important difference between when to retreat and when to fight is the stats hidden from the PCs , not how the GM describes it .
Give PCs a way to guess their enemies ' strength at a glance .
For example , D&D 3.5 lets you estimate an enemy 's level compared to yours if you succeed on a Sense Motive check .
This also puts the responsibility in the PCs ' hands ; if they assume they can beat a threatening fight without checking the level estimates , it 's their fault .
However , this may be too metagame for some GMs .
Superior numbers often work .
PCs that 'd charge three trolls would think twice about attacking 50 kobolds , even if both encounters are the same difficulty .
Using the example above , including a dozen mounted trolls instead of just 2 might 've given the PCs the right idea .
Superior range works even better .
If the PCs are getting hammered and can barely return fire , it 's an obvious sign they 're out matched for this fight .
What if the cloaked mages had started casting lightning at the PCs from the other side of the bridge , while the trolls stood guard and prevented the PCs from getting close to them ?
Nullify The Disadvantages Of Retreating
In D&D 3rd & 4th , for example , retreating from an enemy with the same speed as you is suicide ; he will always be able to match your speed and end up adjacent to you .
Then when you move , he breaks out the opportunity attacks .
You 're cut down from the back without laying a finger on him ; you should 've just stood your ground and fought .
Retreating from such a situation would require a PC to stay behind to cover your retreat .
How many players would ask another player to give up his PC to save them ?
They 'd rather take their chances and fight to the death .
The slower an enemy , the more viable retreat is .
Superior numbers and superior range also make retreat tempting : large groups are more likely to be slowed down by their sheer mass ( especially if they 're trying to squeeze through a choke point ) , while superior range dissuades PCs from dancing circles around the slower enemy and picking them off from afar .
If you want them to retreat , toss them a powerful , but slow , enemy .
Wear Them Out First Players expect to take on anything if they 're fully rested and prepared .
If they 're already low on spells or health , they get much more cautious .
Tossing a dangerous enemy at them when they 're looking for a place to sleep , or sending in reinforcements before they 've recovered from the last battle , is a great way to make PCs retreat until they 're in better shape .
Let Them Notice The Enemy First Retreat is one of many ways to avoid an enemy .
It 's easier to avoid an enemy that does n't know you 're there .
Let your players see dangerous enemies first and they 're more likely to avoid them .
Give Them Another Way Around
If a deadly enemy blocks the only path ( or only bridge ) to their destination , a fight with them is inevitable .
Give them an alternate path ; they 'll think twice about attacking an enemy if they have an obvious alternative .
Be The DM You'd Want To Game Under From Brandon Echols ( AKA Beef Supreme ) I 've faced this problem as well , but to solve a problem we first must identify it .
I do n't think the players suffer from a lack of vulnerability or common sense .
An example of either of those problems would be a third - level party taking on an ancient dragon , or jumping off a bridge because they did n't think the laws of gravity would apply to them ( and with no feather fall spells enacted , either ) .
Rather than a lack of vulnerability or common sense , what I think is happening here is a threefold problem of in - game knowledge , DMing style , and DM perception .
This is easy to fix when you approach it systematically and slowly , but when a DM gets concerned and goes from forgiving to brutal , PCs often die quickly and little is solved .
Here 's my own take on it .
Surprise With Custom Creations
First , it is clear there are no serious threats to the characters as perceived by the players .
They 're metagaming .
The players know their characters are going to live , they know all the traps and monsters , and they know they can roll up a new character if their current one is killed .
Thus , out - of - game is knowledge brought into the game .
Easy solution : prompt them to question their own knowledge .
If they think they know how to fight trolls and ogres , then make the next group of trolls and ogres different .
You are the DM .
You are the final arbiter .
Challenge what they assume .
Craft a new monster , invent a new trap , blast them with a custom spell .
If the world is non-threatening , then make it a lot more hostile .
If you think you are too soft , then gradually get tougher with them , and remember that you have to fracture the sense of security of the player , not the character .
Sometimes You Need To Lead , Other Times , Respond Second , you 're attempting to anticipate specific responses .
When you say " crafted as an attempt to put the fear of the gods back into the characters " I have to state that a better example of the " players never do what you want them to do " cliche is rarely found .
This is going to happen time and time again , so you 'd better get used to it .
The most masterful , deviant , ingenious DMs I have known have occasionally thrown up their hands in despair at the antics of a party that just wo n't go along with the plan , so to speak .
It would n't be a cliche if it was n't true , and the trick is to get the players to do what you want without them knowing .
There 's a lot of information on roleplayingtips.com on this very topic .
Read through the GM Archives .
Learn to run the game on the fly when need be , and do n't trap yourself by over - planning for a specific end .
Sometimes , you need to DM the game in response to their actions , and sometimes you need to lead it .
It 's up to you to determine the right time for each .
Be The DM You'd Want To Game Under Third , and perhaps most importantly , you said : " if I had been playing I would have ... "
Well , not to put it harshly , but your players are not you , and although they are in your game , their actions and decisions are their own .
Neither side is inherently right in any way , shape or form , and you have to get used to this as well .
You can't base your game on what you think a player should do - a game of that nature is doomed to failure .
You have to set a scenario and react to their actions , and not let your biases or preferences creep into things .
Be impartial , fair , fun and engaging : if you can handle those four things , even the most jaded players will come back to life .
When you are playing instead of DMing , then play as you like ... and let your players do the same .
Be the DM that you 'd want to game under , yourself .
Remember that when they say things like " let 's teach them a lesson ! " you are reaching them , and they are roleplaying .
That 's a good thing even if it 's not what you planned out .
You can use that force instead of opposing it .
If they were bored and complacent , then I 'd suggest changing game systems for awhile , or something similar ... but I do n't think that 's the case .
I think they 're just a bit too secure in their knowledge of the game world and the specific game you are running ... and perhaps of you , as well .
I suggest you challenge their security in - game , that you get more dynamic in your DMing style , and that you break away from a preconceived notion of the right course of action on their part .
Get creative , get unpredictable , and have fun !
Give Them A Recoverable Warning Shot From Ryan Mangling your PCs is always an option , but I prefer an initial thrashing that temporarily cripples players ' chances of winning the battle while still giving them a chance to run .
This allows them to trust you are n't going to alter the baddies just to make them lose , and not permanently cripple or kill them .
The GM Needs To Create An Illusion Of Risk From Tim W. Brown
So , the question is , how can I instill common sense back into my players without compromising my cooperative roleplaying ethics ?
It 's an interesting problem .
Being a fairly soft GM myself , I sometimes wonder about this also - the balance between maintaining tension and keeping players in play .
It 's not just video games which create an expectation of unlimited characters , but almost all popular entertainment .
Model TV Shows
In movies , TV , even novels , it is rare for the hero to die , especially before the great climax .
TV series are especially notable for this - you absolutely know , as each episode begins , that Captain Kirk is going to survive , and almost certainly emerge victorious over the threat of the week .
That does n't mean the show is boring .
What we look for in stories is not for the heroes to suffer death or other evil , final fates ; it 's the heroes facing the risk of death and suffering , and coming through it with some kind of victory ( noting that " victory " has some widely varying definitions ) .
What we want is not for our RPG characters to die , but to struggle and face the risk of ruin , failure , or death .
The phrase " illusion of control " comes to mind .
Typically , the GM is really in control of the flow of the game , but it is important to allow players to think they are influencing events .
Similarly , the GM needs to create an illusion of risk : the feeling among the players that they could fail this time , that this could be the TPK , that they went one step too far .
In our heart of hearts , we 're not looking to kill off PCs just because .
If that was our goal , it would happen every session - just add more monsters , roll extra damage , throw a purple worm at the newly - minted first - levels .
That 's not even amusing when you really do it , and you probably wo n't be GMing anyone for long .
How do you instill common sense into players to give them a sense of risk and vulnerability ?
Do TV and movie serials do : arrange for interesting things happen to the PCs and enjoy how they get out of it .
The Journey And Its Struggle Is Key Like that old saw " life is not a destination , it 's a journey , " the fun is not so much in the ending as it is in the process of getting there .
That 's where the GM gets to be inventive , manipulative , and even cruel .
If the players take on a group too powerful for them , let them lose .
Many game systems distinguish between knocking out a character and killing her .
Most will have a margin between the time a character is out of action and actually dead .
The GM can use this to turn a TPK into a TPC - total party capture .
The PCs lose the fight , but their story does not end there - hardly !
Capture and escape is a standard trope of heroic fiction , and is rarely explored in RPGs ( getting a group of PCs to surrender is one of the most difficult things to accomplish for a GM , far harder than arranging a TPK ) .
Putting the PCs into a situation where they have little control over their movements , none of their precious gear , and perhaps are separated from each other makes them work in very different ways than they are accustomed .
Examples Via NPCs
Another way to instill common sense is to provide examples via NPCs .
Have NPCs surrender when it is clear they are losing ; have them offer a deal - some kind of ransom or promise of future assistance .
And - this is key - have them keep their word !
It 's too tempting to have the prisoner attack the guards , or the villain break his promise .
While that might feel good at the moment , it confirms the expectation that bad guys are just bad guys , and there 's no reason to do anything but kill them ( and double - tap 'em , Zombieland style , just to make sure ) .
At a potential TPK , have the villain offer the PCs a deal .
Make sure it's a worthwhile deal , not just " if you give me all your stuff , I wo n't kill you . "
Players are almost as bad about giving up stuff as they are about getting captured .
Again , have the opponents keep their word .
The idea is to open up alternate endings for the encounters than total slaughter .
This allows for more creativity for ending the encounter , but also gives room for recurring NPCs , with favors owed back and forth , and potential temporary alliances between enemies .
This also give more room for role - playing and plot - hooking , and potential resources for PCs to call on in the future .
( To be sure , villains who keep this sort of promise do not turn into good guys , and they can certainly work against the PCs later on - but not until they 've kept to the deal to at least some extent . )
Be Ready To Continue When The PCs Fail Finally , I quote one of my GM friends .
" Do n't make them roll dice if you can't handle their failure . "
The GM should be prepared to carry on the game if the PCs fail at any point .
It 's easy to fall into ( or stay stuck in ) the idea that each encounter is do - or - die .
The adventure ( let alone the campaign ) should not come to a screeching halt just because players made bad choices ( let alone flubbed a few die rolls ) .
In a campaign , the GM should be ready to continue when the PCs fail , whether in combat or in skill checks .
If the only options are the PCs win or we quit playing , the tension becomes merely tension , rather than creative tension .
If the only consequence of failure is destruction , players lose incentive to take risks and try new things .
The game is pushed toward a contest of min-maxing and engineering rather than storytelling and character expression .
While some people may prefer one extreme over the other , I have found my own preferences ( and those of most people ) lie somewhere between the two .
Thanks for listening .
Players Rarely Want To Play A Coward From Mark of the Pixie " My players walk through my world with the preconception there is nothing they need to run from . "
It 's a common problem .
However , the scenario bridge fight described does n't have all the necessary detail .
If it is in a game of Exalted , then the PCs should have charged .
If the PCs where 20th level D&D 4E , then they could probably have stood their ground without fear .
If they where AD&D level 1 , they should have started running much earlier .
Players base their actions on their characters ' personalities , the tropes of the genre and past experience .
Each of these often tells them not to worry about death .
Characters ' personalities - it is rare to see players who want to play a coward .
Most PCs are powerful and fearless .
Part of this is wish fulfilment , part is because it's what is supported by the game .
Tropes of the genre - most games are based on heroic stories , whether books , movies or whatever else .
Losing is just not done .
Frodo was n't killed by Gollum on a lucky roll .
The trash compactor did n't kill everyone in Star Wars .
Past experience - PCs often win against terrible odds .
Why should this fight be any different ?
Note , none of this applies to the old Call of Cthulhu games .
In those games , PCs expect to be scared , and often expect to lose , so running away is sensible ( if futile ) .
If you want to put some fear of the GM into your players , a good place to start may be to look at the tone and atmosphere of horror games .
" So , the question is , how can I instill common sense back into my players without compromising my cooperative roleplaying ethics ? "
Unfortunately , you already have .
By fudging and keeping PCs alive , you have taught them their characters will always survive , even when it 's not sensible .
Therefore , common sense for those characters , in that world , has been redefined as behaving with reckless abandon .
I suggest you do not suddenly raise the lethality level .
If you normally run a light game where the PCs can leap into danger without fear of death , then suddenly springing a high lethality encounter on them will be as shocking as a razor blade in your donut .
Try raising your concerns at the start of the game and saying you will not be fudging for them any more .
Reiterate that many situations and all combat and traps are potentially lethal .
Just say : " Are you sure ? " " You realise this may kill your character ? "
" Do I have your permission to kill your character if you botch this ? "
" Your character realises they are likely to die if they do this . "
" That could kill you outright . "
Such verbal reminders can slowly and gently steer PCs back to more sensible behaviours .
You could also try leading by example .
Have a trusted and respected NPC act in a sensible fashion .
If the great warrior Lord Tanos yells , " Run you fools ! " and hoofs it , then the PCs are likely to see it as a good plan .
The risk is the PCs dismiss your NPC as a coward and ignore him from now on .
Another idea I have seen work is to actually keep the PCs invincible , but add a cost per use .
I had a PC who I made invincible , but each time he should have died , one of his family or friends did instead .
He was far more careful with their lives than he had ever been with his own .
This allows you to keep fudging rolls for the PCs and the story , but by putting a cost on it you keep it in the game and the PCs will try to avoid it .
Do Not Make Your Game A Casino Or A Courtroom From BertráM mrmike65 , I might be seeing the issue here .
As you later correctly remark , video games have given players in general an unlucky view on the gaming .
They are used to being strong , and the enemy either weak or just strong enough to be challenging .
I 'd check though whether you have not made the same mistake .
I 've met a few GMs who did the very same thing , with the small difference that their groups were used to that and actively expected and wanted that sort of gameplay .
Just have a moment of self - reflection before self - improvement .
You obviously have something against your players feeling like gods and that 's a completely valid point , but first double - check it was n't you that made them so .
Players Get Used To Things
The problem lies in players getting used to things .
A scary monster followed by 10 progressively stronger , slightly scarier monsters will make the players feel right at home meeting the 11th scary monster , slightly stronger than the 10th .
If you suddenly make the 11th monster too strong , the players will not expect it .
This is not a good thing for a lot of groups .
Striking fear into your players should not be done with crunch alone .
The thing with dangers in fantasy RPGs is , there is very little hint as to how dangerous they are .
Ninety percent of everything is always horrible and scary , and the rest is split somewhere between pretty and eldritch , which actually makes players more suspicious .
This is all very much up to GM discretion .
One might describe a flower as calming and serene , but it turns out to be a plant that has already drugged them and intends on eating them .
The issue here is that players tend to lose track of things they 're permanently surrounded by .
You mentioned you liked to not straight kill off players with things that would normally do so .
This begs the question , what sort of old - school trap setup have you combined with what new - school gameplay ?
It seems like a stark contrast .
Consider that , if being squished between two slabs of solid rock does n't turn them into paste , they will always be able to say " well , we 've faced worse . "
At the point where you presented the ogres , I think the players were not caring anymore .
You 've just presented them with a foe you described as scary .
They did n't take your word for it ; why would the slaughter of the ogres be any different ?
You just confirmed these monsters are at a level above ogres .
No surprises here , certainly no fear .
( I 'm just assuming the PCs were more dangerous than ogres . )
Look For Patterns
My suggestion : look for patterns and attempt to avoid them .
Do not simply look at the sequence of numbers ( monsters ) and change the last one .
Try doing something that the sequence has no authority over .
" Out of the box , " to quote marketing people .
In league with the latest tips , my personal preference for this would be disease .
Think about it .
Their weapons are utterly useless against it .
Classes with low Constitution , possibly the otherwise stronger magic - users , are suddenly met with something they can't deal with .
It does n't fight the players , per se , yet it can hamstring them into being little more than delusional weaklings , walking into their doom , incapable of anything .
Maybe use the feared cockatrice , or less creatively , a thief taking their weapons .
Shake the pillars of their strength in a way other than heads - on assault , the way they are so accustomed to using .
Avoid Crunch vs. Crunch
Most of all , do not use crunch against crunch .
Simply put , you 'd win , mechanically , but morally the players would win .
As a GM , you have all the ropes in your hand .
You can say " one million hit points " just like that .
You are wielding this power and with great power comes great responsibility .
This is not just a comic reference , I mean this literally .
You are responsible for the fun of your players .
True , you are not completely responsible .
Players carry some responsibility too , they even carry some for YOUR fun .
If I were to say " your game " , I 'd really mean , " the game that you , but also your players are playing . "
I can't repeat this often enough : in an RPG session , everyone is responsible for everyone 's fun .
Crunch , really is only numbers .
Crunch is just something you put on fluff to make the game a non - free - form game .
At the basis , nothing should ever be a meaningless stat block .
If you decide to go down the road of answering stat block with stat block , you 'll actually be playing a combat simulator , not an RPG .
Some people might like this , some might not .
I have considered myself in love with war games and cold hard rules for a long time , but I came across my FattyDM , who really put the " videogames " in " tabletop RPGs are not videogames . "
I now consider a modicum of fluff to be always appropriate .
It 's an uncreative way of playing to only throw stronger enemies on the railroad in front of the players .
This way if they lose , all losses are to nothing but dice .
There is no interesting middle ground for crunch versus crunch fight .
If the enemies are weak , the players defeat them and might take a bit of pleasure from that .
If they 're too strong , they lose and they do n't have fun .
In the middle , it 's a random dice - fest , a casino you own and have completely rigged .
What you say goes .
Add Non-Rules Details
If fluff gets into conflict with crunch , there is interesting stuff to it .
Fluff , literally the " thing " that there are no rules to , can not be calculated .
The players should not be able to use any mechanic to handle it but their own fluff .
When you have a conflict of two fluffy components , then , and only then , you should give them a cover of crunch .
Notice the word " conflict . "
If your players are not having problems with doing something , they just succeed .
Say yes , as it were .
Why do players roll all those silly numbers for their character sheet ?
Only to be prepared if the need for them would arise , so that you do n't have to check the rules and calculate them when you 're in the middle of a game that should be fast - paced .
The things you never use ?
You probably did n't need to ever roll them , and if all players of a game agree that something is completely useless , it should be taken out of the rules and the character sheets in the next printing .
Your characters , and anything with any kind of stat block , are , at their core , always something other than that collection of numbers .
The numbers only come into play on a need - to - know basis , as opposed to fluff which is in - game all the time .
The Monster Manual only has numbers and stats to give you quick access if you need them -- never to give you a picture of what a monster is like .
That 's what the fluff is for .
For example , the unicorn is not " STR 8 . "
He 's strong and could pull incredible weights .
The block of concrete is n't " Weight : 10 , " it 's just very heavy .
If the unicorn happens to want to pull the block of concrete , it can't ; there 's no way it could tie a rope around itself and then around the concrete .
It 's got no hands .
This is n't a case of " Disability : no hands , see pg. 219 . "
It 's a case of being born with hooves .
If someone were to tie the rope in the fashion the unicorn wants it , then it might pull the block .
Probably doing so without rolling , because right now we are just picturing a unicorn tied to a slab of concrete , and a helpful fellow standing somewhere out of the way .
If he were to be pulling the slab of concrete to open a gate leading to a cave in which the fellow and him were to hide from an impeding sandstorm , that might require a roll .
There was some little roleplaying when it came to the " no hands " issue , so I 'm pretty content with what 's going on .
If the dice were screwing around with the unicorn , and the sandstorm would be starting to be a serious threat to our heroes ' health , I might fudge the rolls .
Even better though , I 'd love for the players to start getting creative .
" I 'll look around , maybe there 's another way in , " might the fellow say .
Maybe there 's a bit of wood around , so the character might try to lever the concrete away .
The characters got inside , not by their stats or rolls , but by acting outside of what rules govern .
I think it was much more enjoyable than rolling the solution out , or even going as far as to say " I roll Int to make a clever plan . "
Returning to the matter at hand , the gentleman with the overpowered characters - particularly if your players are too strong for mechanics to handle - do something that is beyond mechanics .
I 'm saying " beyond " because just making something that is mechanically superior is like saying " I am the GM , I wield the power , I declare you all dead , " and much worse .
Players might decide to loophole their way out , making the game a courtroom .
Again , the courtroom is a casino you own .
It 's silly to have a court there .
This is a bad situation and you should n't be in it .
If you use fluff , if you use something to which no rules are to be applied , you are putting the players , at first glance , in front of the " declare all dead " situation .
A closer look might suggest you are now engaging them to do something beyond crunch .
No - one ever has " optimal " fluff .
No one can ever min-max his fluff to be a " build . "
It 's simple things .
A letter ; " Your character 's mother has died due to an illness . "
How does the character cope ?
If the player says " I roll a Will save , " he 's a sad case .
Make him give you an impression of what is going on in the mind of the character .
If he can , ask him to roleplay what his character does .
( I 'm saying " if he can " out of experience with video - game groups . )
Do n't let him roll .
Be clear on this .
There are no rules in the book for handling your PC 's mother 's death , i.e. , " No , this rule is not applicable , what do you do ? "
" What do you do ? " Back to basics .
Do n't fight crunch with crunch ; in that battle , no one wins .
On a final note , as to what you wanted them to do , I probably missed something , because running away to lure them into a trap seemed like what you had wanted them to do and what they actually did .
I 'm picking up a lot of duality from you .
Self - reflection ; it is your word of the moment .
Keep The Party Guessing From Darren Blair
In my experience , the situation often comes down to a matter of complacency .
As players gain experience and campaigns progress , all too often , players will adopt a " been there ; done that " mentality ; if they 've never lost a battle before , they 'll start to assume they never will lose one .
This is especially true in cases where the GM has put them up against the same opponent or type of opponent one too many times .
For example , imagine a D&D campaign wherein the players fight wave after wave of kobolds .
Players start to get lazy and let their guard down , especially if they 've fought against something often enough to where they have a vague idea of what to expect on each and every occasion .
The best solution ?
Keep the party guessing .
Every so often , throw them a curve ball , one in which they might not expect but is still plausible given the campaign setting .
Do n't make them something so earth - shattering or unbalanced that the party has no hope of winning .
Rather , make it so that if the players are n't careful they 'll get stung rather badly .
Is the party a tank crew during WWII ?
Let them encounter a squad of infantry that boasts a bazooka .
Is the party a group of D&D adventurers clearing out a goblin cave ?
Turns out that the " king " of the tribe is an ogre mage who is n't exactly thrilled about having his followers wiped out .
Do n't do this every session , though .
Make it random , or else the party will expect this as well .
Chose Rules That Match Your Needs From Marc Gacy
To play devil 's advocate , I would argue that most game systems are set up specifically to punish characters who try the " discretion is the better part of valor " approach .
Attacks on withdrawing , tactical movement rules that favor re-engaging enemies , the lost rounds by trying to run rather than fight , there is n't much incentive to do anything but stay toe - to - toe .
Players are n't stupid .
Just like sending out a lone scout is a good way to lose a scout in most games , players learn that trying to run away is a good way to get their character killed AND be labeled a coward .
Not much fun to either of those outcomes .
Return to Contents GM Mastery : NPC Essentials Critically acclaimed and multiple award - winning guide to crafting , roleplaying , and GMing three - dimensional NPCs for any game system and genre .
This book will make a difference to your GMing .
PDF
Print
Amazon
Free preview Return to Contents Game Master Tips & Tricks
Have some GM advice you 'd like to share ?
E-mail it to johnn@roleplayingtips.com - thanks !
1 . Inconspicuous Numbering Of Miniatures From Derek Carmichael
I love miniatures .
Collecting ( and sometimes even painting them ) for use in any RPG in which I remotely have an interest .
Back in the dark ages of gaming , I was prone to using various dice to number the miniatures on the battle mat .
But that had a whole host of problems .
You have to remember to move the die with the mini .
Sometimes the dice get mixed up .
Players bump the die and change the number .
This often left me scratching my head , trying to remember if that was Orc # 3 with the medium shield and battle axe , or Orc # 4 , the shaman .
Several years ago , I came up with a very useful cheat to allow me to number minis without even the players being able to figure out how I keep them straight .
I devised a simple numbering system for scenic elements included on the base of the mini .
I have over a dozen identical giant rat minis which I 've attached to 1/ 2 " round bases .
Even though I planned to paint them various colors , I still wanted a way to be able to exactly identify each one .
I created a simple system using easily visible scale ( as in relative size ) rocks on the bases .
There are two types of rocks : small and large .
Small rocks represent ' ones ' and large represent ' fives ' .
Therefore , a giant rat mini with one large rock and two small rocks on its base is giant rat No. 7 . The ' basing ' materials I use are just two different sizes of model railroad talus .
Once you 've started this system , it 's easy to add minis to the horde !
You could even add a ' tens ' marker if you needed .
( Okay , a bit lengthy for a summary ... )
The markers are limitless and not limited to rocks .
Just think of the standard environment for the creature and use that to inspire the ' base ' elements used for numbering .
For example , swamp creatures , could use plants or puddles or lily pads or twigs / logs ; underground creatures , mushrooms ; forest creatures , bushes ; plains creatures , clumps of grass ; and so on .
But do n't limit the basing material merely to its size or a specific material .
Two ' base ' elements of the same size but different colors work just as well .
So what are your waiting for ?
Get painting those mini's and unleashing them on your players !
Now , where did giant rat No. 14 run off to ?
Return to Contents 2 . Virtual Gaming Experience From Brent Newhall brentnewhall.com
Can a table full of chatty RPGers , deep in a session , integrate one player who 's playing virtually through a laptop and a webcam ?
I found out .
First off , I love technology , but let 's be honest : tech has its limitations .
And not just in the sense of " features not yet implemented ; " tech and gadgets just are n't appropriate for every situation .
So , when a member of my RPG group left for a few months but volunteered to be available via Skype video chat , warning bells went off in my head .
I went through my checklist - was this person technologically competent ?
Yes .
Was this person responsible enough to stay focused during a session ?
Yes .
Okay .
I figured it was worth a try .
We used Skype video , the player on a PC laptop and me on a Mac laptop .
The Mac has an integrated webcam , so I had no configuration to do on my end , thankfully .
On the day , about ten minutes before the session started , I connected to the house wireless network , and called the player on Skype .
Once we were connected , I full - screened the video chat window , and put the laptop up on a set of books so it was about head - high .
I then tilted the screen down a bit , enabling the player to see the playing surface and the rest of the group .
How'd it go ?
Very , very well .
The player was able to see the battlemat - though vaguely - and what other folks were doing , and kept up with the game the whole time .
I did learn a few things : " Friend " the player on Skype beforehand .
In fact , do a test run on Skype beforehand , to ensure everything 's working technically .
You really do n't want to be diving into your computer 's settings 5 minutes before your game 's supposed to start .
I did n't have that problem , but I can see it happening .
Know your player .
I first attempted this with a great player , one who is always focused at the table .
We later tried this with a player who was easily distracted and doing other things at the time , and he was n't available half the time .
Have power .
I forgot to bring my laptop 's power cord , and the battery 's been acting up , so the laptop ran out of power halfway through the session .
We had to use another player 's laptop , which had a very soft mike .
That brings up another point :
Check your microphone quality .
Many cheap mikes are okay when each person is a foot or two from the computer , but at a table players are yards distant .
When we had to switch to another laptop , we discovered the microphone quality on it was so poor we had to spend much of the rest of the session shouting into the mike and repeating ourselves .
Not fun .
You need a good ' net connection on both ends , and properly configured computers .
Do n't assume your laptop will work on someone else 's home network ; check first .
Be patient .
The virtual player had to remind us to move her character 's token , and it was a bit difficult tracking conditions applied to that character .
It was no major hassle , but it did slow down play in ways we did n't expect .
Overall , though , it worked .
Return to Contents 3 . Monster Name Generator From Loz Newman Stuck for a gloriously kitcsh name and title for your Ultimate Chaos Lord Boss Monster ?
makememighty.ca
( In small doses . ) Return to Contents 4 . Art Resources From Kate Manchester www.deviantart.com
Membership is free , and the images are simply awesome .
You can also try www.webshots.com
Though these are photos and not artwork .
Some are professional , some are done by members .
From John Gallagher www.imagenetion.com
This is a terrific site for lots of fantasy and sci - fi art .
Return to Contents Tavern Tables Tavern Tables is a short , free ebook full of dice tables for rolling up taverns .
Lists of adjectives and nouns give you names like " The Greedy Zombie Inn , " and further tables provide food and drink price and quality , the bartender 's disposition , and interesting patrons .
There are also tables for brawling and drunken shenanigans - does that PC who had a little too much wake up missing a few silver , with the mayor 's daughter , chained in a dungeon , or all of the above ?
Tavern Tables Return to Contents Johnn Four's GM Guide Books
In addition to writing and publishing this e-zine , I have written several GM tips and advice books to inspire your games and to make GMing easier and fun : Inns , Taverns , and Restaurants - new How to design , map , and GM fresh encounters for RPG 's most popular locales .
Includes campaign and NPC advice as well , plus several generators and tables Adventure Essentials : Holidays Advice and tips for designing compelling holidays that not only expand your game world but provide endless natural encounter , adventure , and campaign hooks .
GM Mastery : NPC Essentials Critically acclaimed and multiple award - winning guide to crafting , roleplaying , and GMing three dimensional NPCs for any game system and genre .
This book will make a difference to your GMing .
Return to Contents
The world may be basking in the warm glow of economic recovery , but some observers are warning of an unseen spectre , lurking in the background .
Just as the global economy has strengthened in recent months , so has the price of oil .
The warning bells are sounding .
It 's easy to forget the first global crisis of 2008 , which took place just months before the October stock market crash .
In July 2008 , it was oil prices - and subsequently the cost of petrol at the pump - which was front - page news .
At its worst , it reached about $ US147 a barrel .
In some countries , governments wore the blame and in turn pointed the finger at producers and refiners .
In others ( like India ) , government subsidies were increased at great cost to the budget bottom line .
Isolated island communities feared they'd not be able to afford to run their generators , and the worldwide poor suffered shocking food price inflation .
So in one sense , we were saved by the effects by the global financial crisis , which pushed oil demand lower and resulted in a drastic easing of prices .
Within months it plummeted to just over $ US30 a barrel .
Problem , apparently , solved .
But in recent months the oil price has been slowly trending upwards again , and is now hovering at around $ US85 a barrel .
A couple of weeks ago , oil futures got closer to $ US90 .
According to a member of the Infrastructure Australia Council , Curtin University 's Professor Peter Newman , a further oil price rise is inevitable as increasing demand impacts upon dwindling supply .
" It dropped down very quickly after the global financial crash led to very little demand but its gone back to [ more than $ US80 ] because there just is n't the supply around , " he said in an interview from Perth .
" The fact that now only 14 countries are exporting oil - Australia is depleting very rapidly at about 11 per cent a year - we are going down and so the major oil sources are running out apart from a few in the Middle East , we 've got this major crunch that has been predicted for a long time beginning to unfold .
" We are seeing the reality of peak oil and the impact on the economy . "
So - called peak oil theory emerged in the 1990s when a group of scientists predicted a massive price rise in the first decade of this century , simply because too many consumers would compete to buy a dwindling energy resource .
Professor Newman says that peak oil was reached in 2008 , and that prices have been artificially suppressed since then .
He says the 2008 crunch contributed to the global financial crisis .
" Peak oil did happen , I believe , in 2008 , " he said , " 140 dollars a barrel was a massive increase and it did n't happen because some oil exporting country had a revolution or something - it just happened because we could n't produce enough to meet demand , and that 's what peak oil is about .
" Subprime mortgages were largely out on the urban fringes miles away from work , and people had to drive and when the price of fuel tripled in American cities they could n't pay their mortgages so that 's what caused the damage to the economy and it just rippled around the world , " he said .
" As the demand increases again the supply crunch will happen and the price will go up .
" The recovery would very quickly unravel , we'd go into the " W " [ shaped recovery ] rather than the " V " and that " W " would have a very shaky last part of the letter as well and coming out of it would be not as easy to predict as all of the old formulae would be unravelling . "
Professor Kjell Aleklett is president of the Association for the Study of Peak Oil and Gas , which is also known as ASPO .
In an interview from Sweden , he said he agreed the world has reached its peak in oil production .
" The fact is we are producing less oil now than we did in 2008 , so just now we have 2008 as the peak year for peak oil . "
Professor Aleklett said .
" Because oil is so related to the global economy and the global economy is just weak now and that is why the price of oil is not jumping high . "
But Professor Aleklett is n't entirely pessimistic .
He says he has confidence that the market , and in the world 's governments , will ensure that an oil - price - driven catastrophe will be avoided .
" I'm one of those people that believe that it's not very possible to have a high price of oil because that would mean the end of globalisation " he said .
" The fact is that [ if the price hit ] $ 200 a barrel then there an airline industry [ would not exist ] any longer . "
The University of South Australia 's Dr Vlado Vivoda also says a crunch can be avoided .
" What peak oil theorists miss out on is the fact that with improvements in our technologies and improvements in a drop in oil production costs what it is considered oil is changing , " he said .
" I see the definition changing of what is exploitable oil [ and ] changes in levels in technological efficiency and with the changes in the exploration or the production of oil . "
Dr Vivoda says that innovations like hybrid cars will also help suppress demand .
" [ They are ] right to point out that demand growth will return with the start of the economic recovery and I do not deny that , " he said .
" What I see however happening is that the demand growth will actually flatten a bit . "
" Before the recession we had demand growth of something like 1.5 to 2 per cent a year , and what I believe will happen following the recovery is demand growth in the area of 1 and 1.5 per cent a year , primarily because following each and every oil price spike - and this is in the last 60 years - the oil demand growth has slowed down following the recovery . "
Whatever the truth , some governments - big and small - have started to prepare for the possibility of an oil crunch .
In the interests of energy security , US president Barack Obama recently opened up a large stretch of his country 's coastline to oil drilling , angering his environmental support - base in the process .
In announcing his decision , president Obama justified his decision in the interests of his country 's long - term security .
" We need to move beyond the debates of the left and the right , between business leaders and environmentalists , between those who claim drilling was a cure - all and those who claim it has no place , " he said .
You can read more about that decision here .
Several municipal councils in Australia have also drawn up oil security strategies .
The mayor of Maribyrnong City Council in metropolitan Melbourne , Councillor Sel Sanli , says his local government is now prepared for an oil crunch thanks to a " Peak Oil Policy and Action Plan " .
" This policy showed how dependent we are on oil , " Mr Sanli said .
" It is pretty much scary to learn how much we are dependent on oil to provide your normal services ... just like we are dependent on water .
" Every day businesses , organisations go through and assess their risks out there and peak oil is one of these risks ... so if peak oil happens and that oil supply is cut out how can the organisation continue to deliver these services without being disrupted , " he said .
Professor Peter Newman says it 's cities in western countries - like Australia and the US - which have most to worry about if a new oil crunch happens .
He welcomes recent Australian government funding for rail infrastructure , but says a national plan of action needs to be drafted and implemented .
" We really do need a national peak oil strategy that can take us through the next two decades of change in our infrastructure requirements , " he said .
" I think that 's something Infrastructure Australia can do [ but ] it will need political assistance and so it needs the public to get behind it .
" Every city will have to adapt but the Asian cities will be a lot easier to adapt ... they are already going to electric cars and they are building metros in 89 cities in China ; 14 cities in India are putting in new electric rail metros ... they are recognising the need as did Japan many years ago that they have to get off oil .
" They really are far less vulnerable to facing peak oil than are the American and Australian cities , but I do believe the American cities are highly vulnerable and will struggle to survive in many parts ... in this next decade . "
Welcome to the web pages of the Real - Time Systems Research Group at York .
The Group was established in 1990 and since then has undertaken research into all aspects of the design , implementation and analysis of real - time systems .
These web pages will give you more details of our current research .
We hope that you find them interesting and useful .
The group is structured around the interests of the permanent academic staff :
An introduction to the group 's work can be found here .
Guitar World ranks the 50 greatest solos in rock and roll history .
50 ) " Shock Me " ( Ace Frehley ) - Kiss Alive II , 1977
“ I basically did the same solo every night on that tour , with minor alterations , so I had it kind of planned out when I did it the night we recorded it for Alive II album , ” says Ace Frehley .
“ But if you listen carefully to the ‘ Shock Me ’ solo you can hear me make a mistake about two thirds of the way through .
Instead of tapping a B at the 19th fret of the high E string , I accidentally hit the A# note at the 18th fret — that ’s definitely a wrong note for the scale I ’m using .
We could have fixed it in the mix , but I said to Eddie [ Kramer , Alive II producer ] , ‘ Screw it !
Leave it in .
The run sounds cool , so who cares — it ’s rock and roll ! ’ ”
49 ) " Europa " ( Carlos Santana ) - Carlos Santana Amigos , 1976
“ I started writing this song in 1966 or ’ 67 , but did n’t finish it until ’ 75 when we were on tour with Earth , Wind and Fire , in Manchester , England , ” says Carlos Santana .
“ We were backstage while they were on stage playing .
And we were just warming up , tuning up .
I started playing it and [ keyboardist ]
Tom Coster and I completed it right there on the spot .
It immediately became a crowd favorite ; it is one of those songs that , whether it ’s played in Japan or in Jerusalem or in South America , it just fits right in with everything . ”
48 ) " Sympathy for the Devil " ( Keith Richards ) - Rolling Stones Beggars Banquet , 1968
Writer Stanley Booth once suggested to Keith Richards that “ Sympathy for the Devil ” was cut from the same cloth as bluesman Robert Johnson ’s haunting “ Me and the Devil Blues . ”
“ Yeah , ” Richards replied .
“ All of us pursued by the same demon . ”
But while “ Sympathy ’s ” lyrics reflect the Stones ’ attraction to the dark side and allegiance to Johnson , the music is a prime example of how in a real band , composition is a group effort .
“ It started as sort of a folk song with acoustics and ended up as kind of a mad samba , with me playing bass and overdubbing the guitar later , ” says Richards .
“ That ’s why I do n’t like to go into the studio with all the songs worked out and planned beforehand .
Because you can write the songs , but you ’ve got to give the band something to use its imagination on as well .
That can make a very ordinary song come alive into something totally different .
You can write down the notes being played , but you ca n’t put down the X Factor — so important in rock and roll — which is the feel . ”
47 ) " Jessica " ( Dickey Betts ) - Allman Brothers Band Brothers and Sisters , 1974
Dickey Betts ’ instrumental “ Jessica ” is as uplifting a piece of music as can be found in all rock .
And that , says Betts , is no coincidence : the music actually began with his desire to express pure jubilation .
“ My instrumentals try to create some of the basic feelings of human interaction , like anger and joy and love , ” says Betts .
“ With ‘ Jessica , ’ I knew what I wanted to do , but I could n’t quite find it .
Then my little daughter , Jessica , crawled into the room , and I just started playing to her , trying to capture the feeling of her crawling and smiling .
That ’s why I named it after her . ”
Betts wrote the song ’s melodic theme while emulating one of his heroes — the gypsy guitarist Django Rheinhardt , who had the use of only two fingers on his left hand .
“ I came up with that melody using just two fingers as a sort of tribute to Django , ” says Betts .
“ That the song turned out so well is very satisfying .
In general , writing a good instrumental is very fulfilling , because you ’ve transcended language and spoken to someone with a melody . ”
46 ) " Hot for Teacher " ( Edward Van Halen ) - Van Halen 1984 , 1984
“ I winged that one , ” says Eddie Van Halen .
“ If you listen to it , the timing changes in the middle of nowhere .
We were in a room playing together and I kind of winked at the guys and said , ‘ Okay , we ’re changing now ! ’
Because I do n’t count , I just follow my feelings .
I tend to do a lot of things in threes and fives , instead of fours .
“ My weird sense of time just drives my brother Alex nuts because he ’s a drummer , so he has to count .
But generally he ’ll say , ‘ Well , Ed , you did it in five again .
If that ’s the way you want it …’
But that ’s not the way I want it , that ’s just what feels right to me . ”
45 ) " Light My Fire " ( Robby Krieger ) - The Doors The Doors , 1967
“ Light My Fire ” was one of the first songs ever written by Robby Krieger , and his extended solo on the album version was also one of his shining moments as a guitarist .
Ironically , however , in order for “ Light My Fire ” to become a hit for the Doors and Krieger the songwriter , Krieger the guitarist had to swallow his pride and allow his masterly two - and - a - half - minute solo to be trimmed down to its essential opening and closing themes for use on the single .
“ That always bothered me , ” Krieger readily admits .
“ We never wanted to cut it , but our first single , ‘ Break On Through , ’ flopped and radio stations told us that ‘ Light My Fire ’ would be a hit if we cut it down .
We did n’t have much choice because AM radio ruled everything , and if you wanted to get on AM you had to have a short song . ”
The longer solo now regularly broadcast on the radio in its entirety , is a perfect distillation of Krieger ’s style .
A flamenco - trained guitarist who played with his fingers and often evoked sitar - like Eastern sounds , with his Gibson SG , Krieger pulled out all the stops on “ Light My Fire . ”
Still , the guitarist says that the complete version on the album is far from his finest effort .
“ It was the kind of solo that I usually did , but it was different every night .
To be honest , the one on the album is not one of my better takes .
I only had two tries at it .
But it ’s not bad ; I ’m glad that it was as good as it was . ”
44 ) " Alive " ( Mike McCready ) - Pearl Jam Ten , 1991
“ Basically , I copied Ace Frehley ’s solo from ‘ She , ’ ” says Pearl Jam guitarist Mike McCready .
“ Which , of course , was copied from Robby Krieger ’s solo in the Doors ’ ‘ Five to One . ’ ”
43 ) " Sharp Dressed Man " ( Billy Gibbons ) - ZZ Top Eliminator , 1983
In 1983 , a smart gambling man would have bet the house on ZZ Top ’s imminent doom .
After all , it was n’t the best of times for good and greasy Texas blues and boogie music .
Then the Little Old Band from Texas surprised everyone with Eliminator , a brilliant merger of roadhouse blues and synthesizer swells and looped beats .
The album quickly became their biggest hit ever , spurred in large part by the irresistible “ Sharp Dressed Man . ”
“ That song and the whole album really embrace the simplicity of blues and techno music with the complex challenge of how to blend them together , ” says guitarist Billy Gibbons .
“ If you zero in on the middle solo , you will find a slide guitar part played in open E tuning on a Fender Esquire and a sudden shift halfway through the solo to standard Spanish electric tuning played on my good ol ’
Les Paul , Pearly Gates .
Both were played through a Marshall plexi 100 - watt head with two angled cabinets with Celestion 25 - watt greenbacks .
It was a compound track , two parts blended to one .
" To this day , the song certainly stands among one of the band ’s favorites and we ’re particularly delighted to share spotlight on a solo that enjoys such favoritism .
There are , of course , the more intricate and demanding solos , but we will gladly finger through the solo of sharp dressed man at any requested moment !
The track just has a really raucous delivery , which is a good ignition point on stage , sitting on the tailgate out in the middle of nowhere , sipping a cold one , or wherever you may be .
It just does something to you . ”
42 ) " While My Guitar Gently Weeps " ( Eric Clapton ) - The Beatles The Beatles ( White Album ) , 1968
“ When we actually started recording this , it was just me playing the acoustic guitar and singing it , and nobody was interested , ” recalls the song ’s author , George Harrison .
“ Well , Ringo probably was , but John and Paul were n’t .
When I went home that night , I was really disappointed because I thought , ‘ Well , this is really quite a good song ; it ’s not as if it ’s crap ! ’
And the next day I happened to drive back into London with Eric [ Clapton ] , and I suddenly said , ‘ Why do n’t you come play on this track ? ’
" And he said , ‘ Oh , I could n’t do that ; the others would n’t like it …’
But I finally said , ‘ Well , damn , it ’s my song , and I ’d like you to come down . ’
So he did , and everybody was good as gold because he was there .
I sang it with the acoustic guitar with Paul on piano , and Eric and Ringo .
Later , Paul overdubbed bass .
Then we listened back to it and Eric said , ‘ Ah , there ’s a problem , though ; it ’s not Beatlesy enough . ’
So we put the song through the ADT [ automatic double tracker ] to wobble it a bit . ”
41 ) " Brighton Rock " ( Brian May ) - Queen Sheer Heart Attack , 1974
Universally venerated for his lavish guitar orchestrations and tasteful British restraint , Brian May kicked over the traces on this high energy rocker that leads off Queen ’s third album , Sheer Heart Attack .
One of May ’s most blues - based excursions ever , the song ’s extended solo section grew out of the guitarist ’s experiments with an Echoplex tape delay unit .
His original goal was to reproduce his multi-part guitar harmonies live on stage with Queen , back in the days before harmonizers were invented .
“ I started messing around with the Echoplex , the delay that was available at the time , ” May recalls .
“ I turned up the regeneration until it was giving me multiple repeats .
I discovered you could do a lot with this — you could set up rhythms and play against them , or you could play a line and then play a harmony to it .
But I decided that the delay [ times ]
I wanted were n’t available on the Echoplex .
So I modified it and made a new rail , which meant I could slide the head along and make the delay any length I wanted , because the physical distance between the two heads is what gave you the delay .
Eventually , I had two home - adapted Echoplexes .
And I discovered that if you put each echo through its own amp , you would n’t have any nasty interference between the two signals .
Each amp would be like a full - blown , sustaining , overdriven guitar which did n’t have anything to do with the other one .
“ So , ‘ Brighton Rock ’ was the first time that got onto a record .
I ’d already been trying it live on stage in the middle of ‘ Son and Daughter ’ [ from Queen ’s self - titled ’ 73 debut album ] , when Queen first toured with Mott the Hoople .
It was rather crude at first .
But I certainly had a lot of fun with it . ”
40 ) " Reelin ' in the Years " ( Elliot Randall ) - Steely Dan Can't Buy a Thrill , 1972
While recording Steely Dan ’s 1972 debut , Walter Becker and Donald Fagen knew they had a great track for “ Reelin ’ in the Years ” — if they could only come up with the appropriate guitar solo to jumpstart the tune .
So they put in a call to Elliott Randall , with whom they had worked in the backing band for Jay and the Americans , and who ’d had played on many of the duo ’s early , pre-Steely Dan demos .
“ They were having trouble finding the right ‘ flavor ’ solo for ‘ Reelin , ’ and asked me to give it a go , ” recalls Randall .
“ Most of the song was already complete , so I had the good fortune of having a very clear picture of what the solo was laying on top of .
They played it for me without much dialogue about what I should play .
It just was n’t necessary because we did it in one take and nothing was written .
Jeff Baxter played the harmony parts , but my entire lead — intro / answers / solo / end solo — was one continuous take played through a very simple setup : my old Strat , the same one I ’ve been using since 1965 , plugged directly into an Ampeg SVT amp , and miked with a single AKG 414 .
The whole solo just came to me , and I feel very fortunate to have been given the opportunity to play it . ”
39 ) " Cortez the Killer " ( Neil Young ) - Neil Young and Crazy Horse Zuma , 1975
“ Cortez the Killer ” hails from Zuma , one of Neil Young ’s most overlooked albums , often lost in the shuffle of its predecessor , the much - praised Tonight ’s the Night , which came out just five months prior .
But there ’s really a very simple explanation for the song ’s high rating .
Just take it from
Young himself , who once proclaimed that , “ ‘ Cortez ’ is some of my best guitar playing ever ! ”
Remarkably , the song ’s structure was largely shaped by an accident — a power failure which occurred in the midst of recording a perfect , transcendent take of the song .
Rather than recut the tune , Young just plowed forward and later he and producer David Briggs went back and did some creative editing , which required the lopping off of several verses .
“ They missed a whole verse , a whole section ! ” Young says .
“ You can hear the splice on the recording where we stop and start again .
It ’s a messy edit …incredible !
It was a total accident .
But that ’s how I see my best art , as one magical accident after another .
That ’s what is so incredible . ”
“ Cortez the Killer , ” about the Spanish explorer who conquered Mexico with bloody success , is also a prime example of Young ’s physical style of lead playing .
“ I am a naturally very destructive person , ” he says .
“ And that really comes out in my guitar playing .
Man , if you think of guitar playing in terms of boxing … well let ’s just say I ’m not the kind of guitarist you ’d want to play against .
I ’m just scarred by life .
Nothing in particular .
No more scarred than anyone else .
Only other people often do n’t let themselves know how damaged they are , like I do and deal with it . "
38 ) " Whole Lotta Love " ( Jimmy Page ) - Led Zeppelin Led Zeppelin II , 1967
“ I used distant miking to get that rhythm guitar tone , ” says Jimmy Page .
“ Miking used to be a science , and I ’d heard that distance makes depth , which in turn gives you a fatter guitar sound .
The amp was turned up very high .
It was distorting , just controlled to the point where it had some balls to it .
I also used a depressed wah - wah pedal on the solo , as I did on ‘ Communication Breakdown . ’
It gets you a really raucous sound .
The descending riff that answers the line ‘ whole lotta love ’ was created using slide and backwards echo .
Backwards echo has been used a lot now , but I think I was the first to use it . ”
37 ) " Sweet Child O' Mine " ( Slash ) - Guns N' Roses Appetite for Destruction , 1987
“ When ‘ Sweet Child O’ Mine ’ was written , it was a joke as far as I was concerned , ” says Slash .
“ I was just fuckin ’ around when I came up with that riff .
To me it was a nightmare because , for some strange reason , everyone picked up on it and , the next thing you knew , it had turned into a song .
I hated it forever !
The guitar solo itself is a one - take , spontaneous kind of thing .
Having played the song at rehearsals enough times , when it came to recording it I knew exactly where the melody was and it came real easy . ”
36 ) " Black Star " ( Yngwie Malmsteen ) - Yngwie Malmsteen Rising Force , 1984
“ I ’ve been playing that song , or variations of it , since I was a teenager in Sweden , ” Yngwie Malmsteen recently told his fan club .
“ I used to play really long , uninterrupted improvisations when I played local shows in Stockholm back then , and it developed from that .
I did n’t sit down and actually write out the notes for it ; when I ’m feeling inspired , the music just flows out of me .
It ’s in my head and my ears and flows out of my fingers . ”
“ Black Star ” flew through Malmsteen ’s fingers on his solo debut album , recorded in 1984 at Rocshire Studios in Anaheim , California , with the guitarist producing as well as playing bass and , of course , all guitar parts .
“ We recorded all the basic tracks and then Yngwie had to go on the road with Alcatrazz , ” recalls keyboardist Jens Johansson .
“ He flew in here and there to do overdubs .
There are probably three guitar tracks on ‘ Black Star , ’ and I remember watching Yngwie doing them and being blown away at how he could effortlessly synchronize the vibrato if he was overdubbing a harmony .
It all happened pretty fast and on ‘ Black Star , ’ especially , he knew what he wanted it to sound like it .
And he got it . ”
35 ) " Cemetery Gates " ( Dimebag Darrell ) - Pantera Cowboys from Hell , 1990
“ I got home with a pretty good buzz on , picked up my axe , turned on the 4 - track , cranked it loud as hell with the loose buzz theory that anything and everything goes , and just played it , ” Dimebag recalls .
“ I played three solos back - to - back , did n’t bother listening to ’em and crashed out not so happy .
The next morning I woke up thinking I had a lot of work to do … I almost started from scratch but then decided to slow down and listen .
So I fired up my 4 - track , put my ears on and bam !
Lo and behold , there it was !
The first lead I played the night before was it for sure .
Hey man , the second and third were n’t bad , but the first had that first - take magic !
I did n’t touch it . ”
34 ) " Paranoid Android " ( Johnny Greenwood ) - Radiohead OK Computer , 1997
Radiohead consciously patterned their sprawling , epic song , “ Paranoid Android , ” after the Beatles ’ “ Happiness Is a Warm Gun . ”
“ It really started out as three separate songs and we did n’t know what to do with them , ” explains singer / rhythm guitarist Thom Yorke .
“ Then we thought of ‘ Happiness ’ — which was obviously three different bits that John Lennon put together — and said , ‘ Why do n’t we try that ? ’ “ Still , the song was n’t really complete until lead player Jonny Greenwood added a fourth section as a fade out — a lengthy , intense solo , which alternates between being backwards and forwards .
“ It was something I had floating around for a while and the song needed a certain burn , ” recalls Greenwood .
“ I do n’t usually have stockpiles of riffs lying around , but this happened to be the right key and the right speed and it fit right in . ”
33 ) " The Thrill Is Gone " ( B.B. King ) - B.B. King Completely Well , 1969
“ I carried this song around in my head for seven or eight years , ” B.B. King recalls about “ The Thrill Is Gone , ” which had been an r&b hit for its author , pianist Roy Hawkins , in 1950 .
“ It was a different kind of blues ballad .
I ’d been arranging it in my head and had even tried a couple of different versions that did n’t work .
But when I walked in to record on this night at the Hit Factory in New York , all the ideas came together .
I changed the tune around to fit my style , and [ producer ]
Bill Szymczyk set up the sound nice and mellow .
We got through around 3 a.m. I was thrilled , but Bill was n’t , so I just went home .
Two hours later , Bill called and woke me up and said , ‘ I think “ The Thrill Is Gone ” is a smash hit , and it would be even more of a hit if I added on strings .
What do you think ? ’
I said , ‘ Let ’s do it . ’ ”
Strings in place , the song rose to Number 15 on the Billboard chart , becoming King ’s first and only pop hit and earning him his first Grammy Award .
“ I felt especially proud because the song was true to me , and because Lucille is as much a part of it as me , ” King says .
“ She starts off singing and stays with me all the way until she takes the final bow .
People ask why I do n’t sing and play at the same time , I ’ve answered that I can’t , but the deeper answer is that Lucille is one voice and I ’m another .
I hear those voices as distinct .
One voice is coming through my throat , while the other is coming through my fingers .
When one is singing , the other wants to listen . ”
32 ) " Machine Gun " ( Jimi Hendrix ) - Jimi Hendrix Band of Gypsys , 1970
Contrary to popular belief , Hendrix was not in any kind of artistic decline during the last year of his life .
In fact , it was quite the opposite .
This apocalyptic performance of “ Machine Gun , ” featuring Billy Cox on bass and Buddy Miles on drums , demonstrates that Jimi was still growing in leaps and bounds near the end .
But while Band of Gypsys captures some of the guitarist ’s greatest improvisations to date , he was still dissatisfied with its outcome .
“ I distinctly remember that Jimi was n’t particularly thrilled with Band of Gypsys , ” says engineer Eddie Kramer who recorded the album and co-mixed and edited it with Hendrix .
“ He felt that Buddy Miles was trying to steal his thunder throughout the performance with his excessive scat singing .
I can still see Jimi with his head buried in his arms , laying on the mixing console during playback saying , ‘ Buddy , would you please just shut up !’
So , I would chop out huge passages of Buddy singing .
And then I ’d chop some more . ”
31 ) " Stranglehold " ( Ted Nugent ) - Ted Nugent Ted Nugent , 1975
“ ‘ Stranglehold ’ is a masterpice of jammology , ” proclaims Ted Nugent .
“ We were in the Sound Pit in Atlanta , Georgia , and I was showing my rhythm section of Cliff Davies [ drums ] and Rob DeLaGrange [ bass ] the right groove for the song .
I was playing my all - stock 1964 blonde Byrdland through four Fender Twin Reverbs and four Dual Showman bottoms on my rhythm settings — we were going to leave a hole there so that I could overdub a solo later .
Then I started playing lead work , just kind of filling in and though I had never played those licks before in my life , they all just came to me .
And because I got so inspired and because they followed me so perfectly , that demo is exactly what you hear on the record today .
Take one , rhythm track is the song — it made such organic sense with the flow of music that I said , ‘ I ’m not gonna fuck with that !
That ’s it , baby . ’
And that is the essence of why people love it — because it is so spontaneous and uninhibited .
The only thing we went back and overdubbed was Derek St. Holmes ’ vocals and my two tracks of harmonized feedback , which come in and out of the entire song .
All the engineers and everyone kept saying , ‘ You ca n’t do that , Ted . ’
And I said , ‘ Shut the fuck up !’
Because I had the vision ; I saw what the song could be , and I realized it . ”
30 ) " Surfing with the Alien " ( Joe Satriani ) - Joe Satriani Surfing with the Alien , 1987
“ We did n’t know where that song was going until one afternoon when we went to record the melody and I plugged a wah - wah pedal and a Tubedriver into my 100 - watt Marshall , ” says Joe Satriani .
“ Then , just on a whim , I said , ‘ Let ’s try this harmonizer . ’
It was one of those Eventide 949s .
The sound that came out of the speakers blew us away so much that we recorded the melody and the solo in about a half - hour and sat back and went , ‘ Whoa !
This is a song , man ! ’
“ And then , of course , the Eventide broke down and we could n’t fix it .
We could n’t do anything .
We lost our tone .
When we finally got it working again , we were n’t able to recreate the original effect .
It just sounded different .
So rather than screw up a wonderful - sounding performance that may have had a couple of glitches , we decided to just leave it , because it was just swinging .
That was n’t the title track of the album for quite a while .
It was going to be called The Lord of Karma .
It was n’t until we finished that track and added the jet noises that we realized that ‘ Surfing ’ was the song that summed up the feeling of the whole album .
“ The whole thing with the Silver Surfer was purely by accident .
It came about because the product manager at the record label , Jim Kozlowski , used to be called the Silver Surfer when he was a DJ in Boston .
When I delivered the album , he said , “ This is a great title .
We should put the Silver Surfer on the cover . ”
I had no idea what he was talking about .
I literally did not know anything about the comic book character . ”
29 ) " For the Love of God " ( Steve Vai ) - Steve Vai Passion and Warfare , 1991
“ The song is about how far people will go for the love of their god , ” says Steve Vai .
“ When you discipline yourself to quit smoking , to run faster or to play better , you have to reach deep down into a part of you .
That is a profoundly spiritual event .
That ’s when you come into contact with that little piece of God within you .
That ’s what I was trying to achieve with ‘ For the Love of God ’ — I was trying to find that spot . ”
28 ) " Mr. Crowley " ( Randy Rhoads ) - Ozzy Osbourne Blizzard of Ozz , 1981
“ I ’d have to say that ‘ Mr. Crowley ’ is my most memorable solo , ” said Randy Rhoads .
“ I had spent hours trying to figure out a solo for the song , but was n’t getting anywhere .
I finally put something down .
Then Ozzy came in and said , ‘ It ’s crap — everything you ’re playing is crap . ’
He told me to get in there and just play how I felt .
He made me really nervous , so I just played anything .
When I came back to listen to it , he said it was great , and I had to agree . ”
27 ) " Pride and Joy " ( Stevie Ray Vaughan ) - Stevie Ray Vaughan Texas Flood , 1983
“ Pride and Joy ” was recorded during the same 48 - hour period as “ Texas Flood ” ; both had been Vaughan live standbys for many years .
“ Stevie wrote ‘ Pride and Joy ’ for this new girlfriend he had when he was inspired by their relationship , ” says drummer Chris Layton .
“ Then they had a fight and he turned around and wrote ‘ I ’m Cryin ’ , ’ which is really the same song , just the flip side , lyrically . ”
When “ Pride and Joy ” was released as Texas Flood ’s first single , it quickly put the then unknown Texas guitar slinger on the national blues - rock map .
More cosmically , it also signaled that from - the - gut guitar music was not dead as a commercial and artistic force , no matter how many hits Culture Club and Flock of Seagulls had on Solid Gold .
“ When I heard that on the radio , I just said ‘ Hallelujah , ’ “ recalls Dickey Betts , whose Allman Brothers Band were prominent casualties of the age ’s anti-guitar disease .
“ He was just so good and strong and he would not be denied .
He single handedly brought guitar and blues - oriented music back to the marketplace . ”
26 ) " Smells Like Teen Spirit " ( Kurt Cobain ) - Nirvana Nevermind , 1991
“ I was trying to write the ultimate pop song , ” explained the late Kurt Cobain .
“ It ’s such a clichéd riff — it ’s so close to Boston ’s ‘ More Than a Feeling ’ riff or ‘ Louie Louie . ’
When I came up with the guitar part , Krist [ Novoselic , bass ] looked at me and said , ‘ That ’s so ridiculous . ’
So I made the band play it for an hour and a half . ”
25 ) " Aqualung " ( Martin Barre ) - Jethro Tull Aqualung , 1979
“ Aqualung was a difficult and very tense album to record , but at the end of the day it was important , ” says Jethro Tull guitarist Martin Barre .
“ Ian wrote the riff and verses to the song ‘ Aqualung , ’ but he felt it needed a new section for the guitar break .
I said , ‘ Why do n’t we just play the verse chords in half - time for the first part of the solo , then pick it back up for the rest of the solo ? ’
It was a simple solution that really worked . ”
“ While I was playing the solo , which was really going well , Jimmy Page walked into the control room and started waving .
I thought , ‘ Should I wave back and mess up the solo or should I just grin and carry on ? ’
Being a professional to the end , I just grinned . ”
24 ) " Fade to Black " ( Kirk Hammett ) - Metallica Ride the Lightning , 1984
“ I was still using my black Flying V on Ride the Lightning , but ‘ Fade to Black ’ sounds different — it has a warmer sound — because I used the neck pickup and played through a wah - wah pedal all the way in the ‘ up ’ position , ” says Kirk Hammett .
“ We wanted to double the first two solos and I did the first one no problem .
But I had a much harder time doubling the second solo because it was slow and had a lot of space in it .
Later , I realized that I actually harmonized it in a weird way — in minor thirds , major thirds and fifths .
After cutting those two , I really was n’t sure what to play for the extended solo at the end .
I was really bummed out because we had been in Denmark for five or six months , and I was very homesick ; we were also having problems with our management .
Because of that , and since it was a somber song anyway , I thought of very depressing things while I did the solo — and it really helped .
We did n’t double - track that solo , although I did play some arpeggios over the G - A - B progression .
After that , I went back and did the clean guitar parts behind the verse , and James [ Hetfield ] played an arpeggiated figure while I arpeggiated three - note chords .
The result was what I always have considered a very Dire Straits - type sound . ”
23 ) " Bulls on Parade " ( Tom Morello ) - Rage Against the Machine Evil Empire , 1996
" That 's me playing a solo by flicking the toggle switch band and forth , " says Rage Against the Machine 's innovative guitarist , Tom Morello .
" The story behind that sound starts with me going over to Ibanez one day .
They were making a guitar for a guy in another band , and it had a special feature on it that they wanted me to try out .
So I tried it , and it did n't really seem to do much that was anything different from a normal guitar .
But I noticed that when you set the toggle between the two pickup settings , there was a really peculiar , high - pitched noise , and you could manipulate the tone of it dramatically when you turned the tone knob .
I asked them what the noise was , and they said it was just incidental , that the guitar had an internal pickup and it was picking up this weird noise that they were trying to get rid of .
I said , ' Oh no , no - come here with that one . ' [ laughs ]
I gave them an idea of what I thought was possible with that noise , and they were kind enough to custom build a guitar for me with that feature in it . "
22 ) " Sultans of Swing " ( Mark Knopfler ) - Dire Straits Dire Straits , 1978
“ ‘ Sultans of Swing ’ was originally written on a National Steel guitar in an open tuning , though I never performed it that way , ” recalls Mark Knopfler .
“ I thought it was dull , but as soon as I bought my first Strat in 1977 , the whole thing changed , though the lyrics remained the same .
It just came alive as soon as I played it on that ’ 61 Strat — which remained my main guitar for many years and was basically the only thing I played on the first album — and the new chord changes just presented themselves and fell into place .
It ’s really a good example of how the music you make is shaped by what you play it on , and is a lesson for young players .
If you feel that you ’re not getting enough out of a song , change the instrument — go from an acoustic to an electric or vice versa , or try an open tuning .
Do something to shake it up .
As for the actual solo , it was just more or less what I played every night .
It ’s just a Fender Twin and the Strat , with its three - way selector switch jammed into a middle position .
That gives the song its sound , and I think there were quite a few five - way switches installed as a result of that song . ”
21 ) " Time " ( David Gilmour ) - Pink Floyd Dark Side of the Moon , 1973
“ Working with Pink Floyd is an engineer ’s dream , so I tried to take advantage of the situation , ” says studio wizard Alan Parsons .
“ Dark Side of the Moon came at a crucial stage in my career , so I was highly motivated . ”
Parsons ’ attention to detail obviously paid off :
He won a Grammy award for the best engineered album of 1973 , and DSOTM went on to ride the charts for a record - breaking 14 years .
But while Parsons takes credit for many of Moon ’s sonic innovations , he says the massive guitar sound on the album can be attributed to only one man : David Gilmour .
“ David was very much in control of his sound system , ” says Parsons .
“ We rarely added effects to his guitar in the control room .
Generally speaking , the sound on the album is pretty much what came out of his amp .
As I recall , he used a Hiwatt stack , a Fuzz Face and an Italian - made delay unit called a Binson Echorec . ”
Gilmour confirms : “ For most of my solos , I usually use a fuzz box , a delay and a bright eq setting .
But to get that kind of singing sustain , you really need to play loud — at or near the feedback threshold . ”
20 ) " Bohemian Rhapsody " ( Brian May ) - Queen Night at the Opera , 1975
“ Freddie [ Mercury ] had the whole piece pretty well mapped out , as I remember , but he did n’t have a guitar solo planned .
So I guess I steamed in and said , ‘ This is the point where you need your solo , and these are the chords I ’d like to use . ’
The chord progression for the solo is based on the verse , but with a slight foray into some different chords at the end , to make a transition into the next part of the song .
I ’d heard the track so many times while we were working on it that I knew in my head what I wanted to play for a solo .
I wanted the guitar melody to be something extra , not just an echo of the vocal melody .
I had a little tune in my head to play .
It did n’t take very long to record .
“ The next section of the song , the heavy bit , was really part of Freddie ’s plan .
I did n’t change what he had very much .
Those guitar riffs that everybody bangs their heads to are really more Freddie ’s than mine .
And at the end of that section , I sort of took over .
I wanted to do some guitar orchestrations — little violin lines — coming out of that .
And it blended in very well with what Freddie was doing with the outro .
“ We were stretching the limits of technology in those days .
Since ‘ Bohemian Rhapsody ’ was entirely done on 16 - track , we had to do a lot of bouncing as we went along ; the tape got very thin .
This ‘ legendary ’ story , which people think we made up , is true : we held the tape up to the light one day — we ’d been wondering where all the top end was going — and what we discovered was virtually a transparent piece of tape .
All the oxide had been rubbed off .
It was time to hurriedly make a copy and get on with it . ”
19 ) " Floods " ( Dimebag Darrell ) - Pantera The Great Southern Trendkill , 1996
“ That particular solo was thought - out in a more orchestrated fashion than some of the others I play where I just start ripping right off the bat , ” says Dimebag Darrell .
“ The thing that really makes the ‘ Floods ’ solo come across like it does is [ bassist ]
Rex ’s playing behind it .
He ’s using his fingers and he plays a whole bunch of cool licks and shit in there .
He definitely adds to the vibe and feel of my lead because I ’m playing off his part a lot — it was a great foundation for me to build on , man . ”
To fatten up the sound of the catchy arpeggiated theme that fills the first eight bars of his lead , Darrell doubled the part .
“ I picked up the idea of doubling from Randy Rhoads .
It seemed appropriate to start off in a slow , melodic fashion and then build and build and build to the climax with the big harmonic squeals at the end .
For that last big note I think there ’s four guitars going on .
There ’s a squeal at the 2nd fret of the G string , a squeal at the 5th fret of the G and then I used a Digitech Whammy pedal on two - string squeals at the harmonics at the 4th and 12th frets of the G and B strings , I believe .
That was one of those deals where I did n’t plan it out .
I just sat there and fucked with it until it sounded right . ”
18 ) " Little Wing " ( Jimi Hendrix ) - The Jimi Hendrix Experience Axis : Bold as Love , 1968
Covered by artists like Eric Clapton , Stevie Ray Vaughan and Sting , “ Little Wing ” is one of Jimi Hendrix ’s most beautiful and enduring compositions .
It ’s easy to see why .
The original is seductively warm , poignant and light as a feather .
Engineer Eddie Kramer explains how Jimi achieved the song ’s ethereal glow in the studio .
“ One of my favorite touches on that track is the glockenspiel part , which was played by Jimi , ” says Kramer .
“ Part of the beauty of recording at Olympic Studios in London was using instruments that had been left from previous sessions .
The glockenspiel was just laying around , so Jimi used it . ”
Hendrix ’s rich and watery guitar solo was , says Kramer , in part the product of a secret weapon .
“ One of the engineers had built this miniature Leslie , ” continues Kramer .
“ It was like it was built out of an Erector set and had a small 8 - inch speaker that rotated .
Believe it or not , the guitar solo was fed through this tiny thing , and that ’s the lovely effect you hear on the lead . ”
But for the true meaning of “ Little Wing , ” it ’s best to go straight to the horse ’s mouth .
“ ‘ Little Wing ’ is like one of these beautiful girls that come around sometimes , ” explained Jimi .
“ You ride into town for the drinks and parties and so forth .
You play your gig ; it ’s the same thing as the olden days .
And these beautiful girls come around and really entertain you .
You do actually fall in love with them because that ’s the only love you can have .
It ’s not always the physical thing of ‘ Oh , there ’s one over there … ’
It ’s not one of those scenes .
They actually tell you something .
They release different things inside themselves , and then you feel to yourself , ‘ Damn , there ’s really a responsibility to some of these girls , you know , because they ’re the ones that are gonna get screwed . ’
“ ‘ Little Wing ’ was a very sweet girl that came around that gave me her whole life and more if I wanted it .
And me with my crazy ass could n’t get it together , so I ’m off here and there and off over there . ”
17 ) " Cliffs of Dover " ( Eric Johnson ) - Eric Johnson Ah Via Musicom , 1990
“ I do n’t even know if I can take credit for writing ‘ Cliffs of Dover , ’ ” says Eric Johnson of his best - known composition .
“ It was just there for me one day .
There are songs I have spent months writing , and I literally wrote this one in five minutes .
The melody was there in one minute and the other parts came together in another four .
I think a lot of the stuff just comes through us like that .
It ’s kind of a gift from a higher place that all of us are eligible for .
We just have to listen for it and be available to receive it . ”
While it is true that he wrote the song in a blessed instant , the fact is that Johnson , a notoriously slow worker , took his time polishing it up to form .
“ It took me a while to achieve the facility to play it right , ” he says .
“ I was trying to work out the fingerings and how I wanted particular notes to hang over other notes . ”
Even allowing for Johnson ’s perfectionism , it took an extraordinarily long time for him to record a song that “ came to him ” in five minutes .
That epiphany occurred in 1982 , and within two years “ Cliffs of Dover ” was a popular staple of his live shows .
He planned to include the song on his solo debut , Tones ( Capitol , 1986 ) , but , ironically , it did n’t make the cut .
“ It was ousted by the people who were doing the record with me , ” Johnson explains .
“ I think they thought the melody was too straight or something . ”
Luckily , wiser heads prevailed on Ah Via Musicom .
Though he had been playing “ Cliffs of Dover ” live for four or five years by then , it still took Johnson multiple takes to nail the song to his satisfaction — and he was never pleased with any version .
“ The whole solo is actually a composite of many guitar parts , ” Johnson says .
“ I knew exactly how I wanted it to sound — almost regal — and though I had versions that were close , none quite nailed it , so I kept playing around with different permutations of the many versions I had recorded until I got it just right .
“ As a result , I actually ended up using two different - sounding guitars .
Almost all of the song is a Gibson 335 through a Marshall , with an Echoplex and a tube driver .
But in the middle of the solo there ’s 20 or 30 seconds played on a Strat .
It really does sound different if you listen closely and at first I did n’t think it could work , but I really liked this string of licks so we just decided to keep it .
It basically just sounds like I ’m hitting a preamp box or switching amps .
“ The difficulty on that song was to make the sound as clear as the melody is .
It ’s just a simple little repeating melody , and for the song to work it had be very upfront and crisp .
Unfortunately , the G third on the guitar has a real tendency to waver and not be a smooth , clear note .
As a result , I had to finger it just right — like a classical guitarist , using only the very tips of my fingers to achieve the best efficiency of my tonality
That ’s what took me so long : to be able to play all the fast licks with just the tip of my fingers , with just the right touch and tonality .
Without a doubt , the most important thing is the song and melody , which in this case came very easily .
But I like to do the best job I can of delivering it to the listener by the best possible way I can play it — and that came hard . ”
16 ) " Heartbreaker " ( Jimmy Page ) - Led Zeppelin Led Zeppelin II , 1967
Performing a convincing solo in a group context is difficult for any musician , but it takes a real man to stand unaccompanied and deliver .
On “ Heartbreaker , ” Jimmy Page did just that .
For an electrifying 45 seconds , Pagey let loose sans rhythm section , and , needless to say , the guitar world has never been quite the same .
“ I just fancied doing it , ” laughs Page .
“ I was always trying to do something different , or something no one else had thought of .
But the interesting thing about that solo is that it was recorded after we had already finished “ Heartbreaker ” — it was an afterthought .
That whole section was recorded in a different studio and was sort of slotted in the middle .
If you notice , the whole sound of the guitar is different .
“ The solo itself was made up on the spot .
I think that was one of the first things I ever played through a Marshall .
I was always having trouble with amps , and Marshalls were state - of - the - art reliability .
By that time I was using a Les Paul , anyway , and that was just a classic setup . ”
“ We definitely recorded the solo section separately , ” confirms engineer Eddie Kramer .
“ Jimmy walked in and set up and the whole session was over in about 20 minutes .
He did two or three takes and we picked the best one , which was edited in later .
However , to this day , I have a hard time listening to it , because I think we did a shitty edit — the difference in noise levels is pretty outrageous .
But I do n’t think Jimmy cared , he was more interested in capturing an idea , and on that level , he succeeded . ”
15 ) " Highway Star " ( Ritchie Blackmore ) - Deep Purple Machine Head , 1972
“ Highway Star ” is but one highlight of Machine Head , Deep Purple ’s greatest triumph .
Ironically , it almost never came to be .
In early 1972 , shortly after retreating to Montreaux , Switzerland , to record , the British band was beset by a wealth of problems .
First , the place they were staying , which overlooked Lake Geneva , burned down — inspiring them to write “ Smoke on the Water . ”
Then , in response to a complaint about excessive noise , the police kicked the band out of the ballroom where they were recording .
“ We were stuck in Switzerland with nowhere to go , and a friend of ours who was the mayor of the town said that there was an empty hotel we could use , ” recalls Ritchie Blackmore .
“ We gladly accepted and retreated to this lonely hotel in the mountains .
We set up all the equipment in the corridor , with the drums and some amps tucked into alcoves .
“ We had the Rolling Stones ’ mobile recording unit sitting outside in the snow , but to get there we had to run cable through two doors in the corridor into a room , through a bathroom and into another room , from which it went across a bed and out the veranda window , then ran along the balcony for about 100 feet and came back in through another bedroom window .
It then went through that room ’s bathroom and into another corridor , then all the way down a marble staircase to the foyer reception area of the hotel , out the front door , across the courtyard and up the steps into the back of the mobile unit .
I think that setup led to capturing some spontaneity , because once we got to the truck for a playback , even if we did n’t think it was a perfect take , we ’d go , ‘ Yeah , that ’s good enough . ’
Because we just could n’t stand going back again . ”
But while the vibe may have been loose , Blackmore ’s solo on ‘ Highway Star ’ was well planned .
“ I wrote that out note for note about a week before we recorded it , ” says the guitarist .
“ And that is one of the only times I have ever done that .
I wanted it to sound like someone driving in a fast car , for it to be one of those songs you would listen to while speeding .
And I wanted a very definite Bach sound , which is why I wrote it out — and why I played those very rigid arpeggios across that very familiar Bach progression —
Dm , Gm , Cmaj , Amaj .
I believe that I was the first person to do that so obviously on the guitar , and I believe that that ’s why it stood out and why people have enjoyed it so much .
“ [ Keyboardist ] Jon Lord worked his part out to mine .
Initially , I was going to play my solo over the chords he had planned out .
But I could n’t get off on them , so I made up my own chords and we left the spot for him to write a melody .
The keyboard solo is quite a bit more difficult than mine because of all those 16th notes .
Over the years , I ’ve always played that solo note for note — again , one of the few where I ’ve done that — but it just got faster and faster onstage because we would drink more and more whiskey .
Jon would have to play his already difficult part faster and faster and he would get very annoyed about it . ”
14 ) " Layla " ( Eric Clapton , Duane Allman ) - Derek and the Dominos Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs , 1970
Seven minutes of pure , quivering passion , “ Layla ” was Eric Clapton ’s magnificent scream of unrequited love for Patti Boyd , wife of his best friend — George Harrison .
“ He grabbed one of my chicks , ” said Clapton of Harrison , “ and so I thought I ’d get even with him one day , on a petty level , and it grew from that .
She was trying to attract his attention and so she used me , and I fell madly in love with her .
[ Just ] listen to the words of ‘ Layla ’ : ‘ I tried to give you consolation / When your old man had let you down / Like a fool , I fell in love with you / You turned my whole world upside down . ”
Clapton poured all of himself into the intense , majestic “ Layla , ” which he named after the classical Persian love poem , “ The Story of Layla and the Majnun . ”
The song began as a ballad , but quickly became a rocker , with Duane Allman reportedly coming up with the opening riff which would alter the tune .
With Allman ’s majestic slide guitar prodding him on , Clapton unleashed some of his most focused , emotive playing .
“ The song and the whole album is definitely equal parts Eric and Duane , ” says producer Tom Dowd , who introduced the two guitar titans , then sat back and watched them soar together .
“ There had to be some sort of telepathy going on because I ’ve never seen spontaneous inspiration happen at that rate and level .
One of them would play something , and the other reacted instantaneously .
Never once did either of them have to say , ‘ Could you play that again , please ? ’
It was like two hands in a glove .
And they got tremendously off on playing with each other . ”
Nowhere was the interplay between Clapton and Allman more sublime than on “ Layla , ” which , says Dowd , features six tracks of overlapping guitar : “ There ’s an Eric rhythm part ; three tracks of Eric playing harmony with himself on the main riff ; one of Duane playing that beautiful bottleneck ; and one of Duane and Eric locked up , playing countermelodies . ”
The tension of the main song finds release in a surging , majestic coda , which was recorded three weeks after the first part and masterfully spliced together by Dowd .
The section begins with drummer Jim Gordon ’s piano part , echoed at various times by Clapton on the acoustic .
Allman takes over with a celestial slide solo , beneath which Clapton plays a subtle countermelody .
As the song fades out after a blissful climax , Allman has the last word , playing his signature “ bird call ” lick .
13 ) " Texas Flood " ( Stevie Ray Vaughan ) - Stevie Ray Vaughan Texas Flood , 1983
When Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble walked into Los Angeles ’ Down Town Studio in November 1982 to take advantage of 72 free hours of time offered by studio owner Jackson Browne , they had no idea they were about to start recording their debut album .
“ We were just making tape , ” recalls drummer Chris Layton .
“ We hoped that maybe we were making a demo that would actually be listened to by a real record company . ”
The first 24 hours were spent getting settled in L.A. , and in the second and third days the band cut 10 songs — which became Texas Flood , in its entirety .
“ It really was just a big warehouse with concrete floors and some rugs thrown down , ” says bassist Tommy Shannon .
“ We just found a little corner , set up in a circle looking at and listening to each other and played like a live band . ”
The trio recorded two songs the second day and eight the third — including “ Texas Flood , ” a slow blues , written and recorded by the late Larry Davis in 1958 , which had been a live staple of Vaughan ’s for years .
It was the final tune recorded , cut in one take just before the free time ran out .
“ That song and the whole first album captures the pure essence of what Stevie was all about , ” says Layton .
“ Countless people would tell Stevie how much they loved his guitar tone on Texas Flood .
There was literally nothing between the guitar and the amp .
It was just his number - one Strat plugged into a Dumble amp called Mother Dumble , which was owned by Jackson Browne and was just sitting in the studio .
The real tone just came from Stevie , and that whole recording was just so pure ; the whole experience could n’t have been more innocent or naive .
We were just playing .
If we ’d had known what was going to happen with it all , we might have screwed up .
The magic was there and it came through on the tape .
You can get most of what the band was ever about right there on that song and that album . ”
12 ) " Johnny B. Goode " ( Chuck Berry ) - Chuck Berry His Best , Volume One , 1997
Chuck Berry helped shape rock and roll by mixing elements of blues and country , adding some boogie woogie piano , and kicking it all together with his own slashing shuffle rhythms .
Berry also was instrumental in making the electric guitar rock and roll ’s primary instrument .
In fact , for many years rock guitar was practically defined by Berry ’s distinct , T - Bone Walker - inspired doublestops and frequent , dramatic use of slides , slurs and bends .
A renaissance man rocker , Berry was not only a brilliant guitarist and performer , but was unparalleled as a songwriter as well .
And his most enduring song , appropriately , celebrated himself ; “ Johnny B. Goode ” was a thinly disguised account of Berry ’s rise to international stardom .
“ The song had its birth when a [ 1955 ] tour first brought me to New Orleans , a place I ’d longed to visit ever since hearing Muddy Waters ’ lyrics , ‘ Going down to Louisiana way behind the sun , ’ ” writes Berry in his autobiography .
“ That inspiration , combined with little bits of dad ’s stories and the thrill of seeing my black name posted all over town in one of the cities they brought the slaves through , turned into ‘ Johnny B. Goode . ’ ”
After naming the song ’s protagonist Johnny after his keyboardist Johnnie Johnson , Berry wrote the lyrics in two weeks of “ periodic application . ”
The repeated chorus calls of “ Go Johnny Go ” are a tribute to Berry ’s mother ’s constant encouragement , while other imagery was also inspired by his family .
“ I ’d been told my great grandfather lived ‘ way back up among the evergreens ’ in a log cabin , ’ ” Berry writes .
“ I revived that era with a story about a ‘ colored boy name Johnny B. Goode ’ … but I thought that would seem biased to white fans ... and changed it to ‘ country boy . ’ ”
The single was recorded at Chess Studios in Chicago , on December 29 or 30 , 1957 , with Berry backed by a lean , swinging blues trio of Willie Dixon ( bass ) , Lafayette Leake ( piano ) and Fed Below ( drums ) .
The same session also yielded “ Reelin ’ and Rockin ’ ” and “ Sweet Little Sixteen . ”
While those tunes also became standards , their impact pales in comparison to that of “ Johnny B. Goode . ”
As Billy Altman notes in his liner notes to The Chuck Berry Box ( MCA , 1988 ) , the song has become so ingrained in American culture that it ’s hard to imagine a time when it did n’t exist .
And , thanks to the late astronomer Carl Sagan , the whole universe may know the tune by now ; it was hauled off on the Voyager 1 space probe , hurtling past Jupiter and Saturn and towards Neptune , some four - billion miles away .
11 ) " Voodoo Child ( Slight Return ) " ( Jimi Hendrix ) - Jimi Hendrix Experience Electric Ladyland , 1968
Jimi Hendrix ’s publicist , Michael Goldstein , had successfully arranged for ABC - TV to produce a short news feature based primarily on the Experience ’s triumphant success in America .
Filming began on May 3 , 1968 , with 16 mm cameras capturing the recording of “ Voodoo Child ( Slight Return ) , ” which , like many Hendrix songs , borrowed both musical and lyrical themes from Muddy Waters and other Delta bluesmen .
“ ‘ Voodoo Child ’ was something Jimi brought in , and we learned that song right on the spot in front of the cameras , ” recalls bassist Noel Redding .
“ We ran through it about three times , and that was it . ”
It is not known whether ABC ever used any of the footage .
And , unfortunately , all the camera originals were stolen from ABC ’s archives sometime after Jimi ’s death .
The reel also included footage of the group performing at the Fillmore East and the Miami Pop Festival .
Engineer Eddie Kramer recalls : “ ‘ Voodoo Child ( Slight Return ) ’ was recorded the day after Jimi tracked “ Voodoo Chile , ” the extended jam on Electric Ladyland featuring Traffic ’s Stevie Winwood on organ and Jefferson Airplane bassist Jack Casady .
Basically , Jimi used the same setup — his Strat through a nice , warm Fender Bassman amp .
Jimi ’s sound on both tracks is remarkably consistent , leading some to think they were recorded at the same session . ”
10 ) " Crossroads " ( Eric Clapton ) - Cream Wheels of Fire , 1968
For over three decades , Eric Clapton has been bemused by his fans ’ adulation of his solo on Cream ’s radical reworking of bluesman Robert Johnson ’s signature tune , “ Crossroads . ”
“ It ’s so funny , this , ” Clapton says .
“ I ’ve always had that held up as like , ‘ This is one of the great landmarks of guitar playing . ’
But most of that solo is on the wrong beat .
Instead of playing on the two and the four , I ’m playing on the one and the three and thinking , ‘ That ’s the off beat . ’
No wonder people think it ’s so good — because it ’s fucking wrong . ” [ laughs ]
Perhaps one reason for Clapton ’s difficulty finding the downbeat was that the concert at which the song was recorded , at San Francisco ’s Winterland Ballroom , got a late start due to drummer Ginger Baker ’s tardy , and rather dramatic , appearance .
Recalls Tom Dowd , who engineered the recording and ran the mobile recording unit that night : “ The group was supposed to go on and we did n’t have Ginger and could n’t figure out where the heck he was .
We were worried , and Bill Graham and others said , ‘ God , I hope he ’s okay .
Maybe we should call the police . ’
Then I look out from our vantage point upstairs and see a Corvette speeding towards us , with a couple of police cars a block behind it .
That was Ginger arriving .
I have no idea what happened , but he pulled up to the stage entrance , abandoned the car , ran up on stage and the band started playing . ”
And what they played is what you hear ; contrary to a persistent , widely held rumor , the solo on “ Crossroads ” was not edited down .
“ It ’s not edited and I ’ve got an audience tape from the same show which verifies that , ” says Bill Levenson , who produced the Cream box set , Those Were the Days ( Polydor ) .
“ That was a typical performance of the song .
I ’ve listened to a lot of tapes and all of the ‘ Crossroads ’ that I ’ve heard come in at four minutes and change .
They never seemed to expand it beyond that . ”
9 ) " Crazy Train " ( Randy Rhoads ) - Ozzy Osbourne Blizzard of Ozz , 1981
Guitarist Randy Rhoads employeed a two - part process when recording his solos for Blizzard of Ozz , Ozzy Osbourne ’s first album following his ouster from Black Sabbath .
First , the classically trained young shredder would take his customized Jackson guitars to a stone room downstairs at England ’s Ridge Farm Studios where he would work out each of his solos , among them “ Crazy Train . ”
“ This was after we did the backing tracks , ” says Blizzard of Ozz engineer Max Norman .
“ Randy had a Marshall and a couple of 4x12s , and we had him set up in this room with the cabinets facing up out into the main studio .
They were miked at various points : close , at three feet , and again at about 12 feet .
I would make Randy a loop of the solo section and we ’d just let that play into these big monitors downstairs , where he would just sit and jam away for hours and hours until he had composed his completed solo . ”
With the solos arranged to his liking , Rhoads would then report upstairs to the control room to record them .
“ We ’d plug the guitar directly into the console , ” recalls Norman .
“ We ’d preamp it in the console and send it down to the amp from there .
That way we could control the amount of gain that hit the amp , which is always a problem when running a remote amplifier and trying to get a good enough signal to it .
“ Randy would put down his solos pretty quickly once he had them worked out .
We ’d do two or three takes to get the majority of the solo down , then maybe punch in a few little fix ups .
He ’d try to get the first take as good as possible , then he ’d double it and triple it .
Ozzy always wondered why Randy double tracked everything , and he really did n’t want him to .
I must admit , at the time I really did n’t think it was a very good idea , either — but when you double and triple track a solo , it actually adds to the accuracy because it ’s somewhat more forgiving as far as pitch and timing ; it blurs the edges .
“ Of the three tracks on each solo , the one that we liked the best would be pretty much down the center of the mix , and the other two would be ghosted back 3 or 4 db , swung out pretty wide on either side .
What happens then is that it does n’t become such an obvious double or triple track — it ’s more of an effect , really , because you tend to get the phasing between the different pitches .
In addition , with guitars two and three panned left and right , you get a fourth guitar — a phantom guitar — in the middle .
So what Randy ’s got on those solos is a double track of his main guitar , and the other two guitars attempting to create a ghost guitar .
It actually averages out pretty well — it works better than you might think . ”
8 ) " Hotel California " ( Don Felder , Joe Walsh ) - The Eagles Hotel California , 1976
Credit for the guitar majesty of “ Hotel California ” is often given to Joe Walsh , who toughened up the Eagles ’ laid - back California sound when he joined the band just prior to the Hotel California album ’s recording .
Actually , the primary guitar heard throughout the solo belongs to Don Felder , who wrote the music for the track and actually conceived and played the solo ’s intricate harmonies on his initial , instrumental demo .
“ Every once in a while it seems like the cosmos part and something great plops into your lap , ” says Felder .
“ That ’s how it was with ‘ Hotel California . ’
I had just leased this beach house in Malibu and was sitting in the living room with all the doors wide open on a spectacular July day , probably in ’ 75 .
I was soaking wet in a bathing suit , sitting on the couch , thinking the world is a wonderful place to be and tinkling around with this acoustic 12 - string when those ‘ Hotel California ’ chords just oozed out .
I had a TEAC four - track set up in a back bedroom , and I ran back there to put this idea down before I forgot it .
“ I set this old rhythm ace to play a cha-cha beat , set the right tempo and played the 12 - string on top of it .
A few days later , I went back and listened to it and it sounded pretty unique , so I came up with a bass line .
A few days after that , I added some electric guitars .
Everything was mixed down to mono , ping - ponging back and forth on this little four - track .
Finally , I wound up with a cassette that had virtually the entire arrangement that appeared on the record , verbatim , with the exception of a few Joe Walsh licks on the end .
All the harmony guitar stuff was there , as was my solo .
“ Then I gave it to Don Henley on a tape with eight or 10 ideas , and he came back and said , ‘ I really love the one that sounds like a Matador … like you ’re in Mexico . ’
We worked it all up and went into the studio and recorded it as I wrote it — in E minor , just regular , open chords in standard tuning — and made this killer track .
All the electric guitars were big and fat and the 12 - string was nice and full .
Then Henley came back and said , ‘ It ’s in the wrong key . ’
So I said , ‘ What do you need ?
D? F sharp ?’… hoping that we could varispeed the tape .
But he said no , that would n’t work , and we sat down and started trying to figure out the key — and it turned out to be B minor !
So out comes the capo , way up on the seventh fret .
We re-recorded the song in B minor and all of a sudden the guitar sounds really small and the whole track just shrinks !
It was horrible , so we went back and tried it again .
Luckily , we came up with a better version in B minor .
“ I kept the capo on and recorded the acoustic guitar through a Leslie .
They took a D.I. out of the console and a stereo Leslie , and this got this swirly effect .
Then I went back and did most of the guitars , except for the stuff where Joe and I set up on two stools and ran the harmony parts down .
I play the first solo , then it ’s Joe .
Then we trade lines and then we go into the lead harmonies .
“ Now that I ’ve heard it for 20 years , the 12 - string part sounds right to me , but it ’s still not as nice as the E minor version we did .
And even when we ’d finished the song and made it the title track , I was n’t convinced that it should be our single .
I thought it was way too long — twice the normal radio length — and sort of weird because it started out quiet and had this quiet breakdown section in the middle .
I was very skeptical , but I yielded to the wisdom of Henley . ”
7 ) " One " ( Kirk Hammett ) - Metallica ... And Justice for All , 1988
“ I had a very clear idea of where I wanted to go with my guitar playing on … And Justice for All , ” recalls Kirk Hammett .
“ Unfortunately we did n’t have enough time for me to fully execute my ideas .
“ We worked on basic tracks for six or seven months , and then I only had eight or nine days to record all my leads because we were heading out on the Monsters of Rock tour [ with Van Halen , Scorpions , Dokken and Kingdom Come ] .
To get that done , I had to do incredibly long , grueling days — like 20 hours at a pop — and it took so much out of me .
As soon as I finished one solo , I had to do the next one .
There was no time to breathe , as the whole vibe was to do it the best you could and keep moving .
It was a pretty frustrating experience , to be honest . ”
Despite these frustrations , Hammett was immediately pleased with most of his work on “ One , ” which featured three very different solos .
“ The first solo and the last solo were completely worked out in advance because I had been playing them for months , ” recalls Hammett .
“ So in those cases it was just a matter of fitting in tonewise .
I elected to use a clean sound in the intro solo , which was the first time we used that kind of sound .
I dialed it up on an ADA preamp and , once we found the right sound , it just flowed .
For the final solo , I used my conventional lead sound of the time .
That one flowed quickly , too — once I worked out the intro right - hand tapping technique , a process I really enjoyed .
I wanted a high energy intro that would be different from anything I had done in the past .
So I got those two solos done quickly and was pleased with them .
But the middle one just was n’t happening . ”
Ultimately , Hammett was so displeased with the results of his second solo that he returned to the studio in the midst of the Monsters of Rock tour — spending a day at New York ’s Hit Factory with producer Ed Stasium .
“ I redid the entire second half of the second solo and worked to make it all fit in , ” Hammett recalls .
“ It was better , though I was never totally satisfied with it .
I guess I did a good enough job , though . ”
Apparently so .
The song would soon become Metallica ’s first legitimate radio and MTV hit , its solos firmly established as Hammett signature licks .
6 ) " November Rain " ( Slash ) - Guns N' Roses Use Your Illusion I , 1991
Long before the world embraced Guns N’ Roses as the quintessential Eighties rock band , the L.A. - based outfit recorded in one day a demo tape that featured many of what would become the band ’s best - known songs , including “ Welcome to the Jungle , ” “ Paradise City ” and “ Mr. Browstone , ” all of which would wind up on the band ’s 1987 breakthrough album , Appetite For Destruction .
Also on the tape was a song called “ November Rain , ” a sprawling , grandiose piano - driven ballad that would lie dormant for the remainder of the decade , eventually resurfacing in 1991 on the band ’s two record set , Use Your Illusion .
“ I think that demo session was the first time we played ‘ November Rain ’ together as a band , ” says Guns guitarist Slash .
“ We actually did it on piano and acoustic guitar .
As far as the guitar solo , it was so natural from the first time I ever played it on the demo that I do n’t even know if I made any changes to it when we did the electric version on Use Your Illusion .
I never even went back and listened to the old tapes .
One of the best things about a melody for a guitar solo is when it comes to you the same way every time , and that was definitely the case with ‘ November Rain . ’
When it came time to do the record , I just went into the studio , played the solo through a Les Paul Standard and a Marshall [ 2555 , Jubilee head ] and said , ‘ I think that sounds right , ’ ” he laughs .
“ It was as simple as that . ”
5 ) " All Along the Watchtower " ( Jimi Hendrix ) - The Jimi Hendrix Experience Electric Ladyland , 1968
Joining the Experience for the initial “ Watchtower ” session was Traffic guitarist Dave Mason , who , it was decided , would contribute a 12 - string acoustic part .
“ Dave hung out a lot with Jimi and was a regular in the studio , ” says engineer Eddie Kramer .
“ Jimi was aware of his ability and felt that he could cover the part adequately . ”
Jimi , says Kramer , had a firm understanding of just how the song was to be arranged and performed , but the session proved to be anything but smooth .
Mason , whose job it was to double Jimi ’s six - string acoustic rhythm part , struggled mightily , causing Jimi to reprimand him several times .
Hendrix and Noel Redding also clashed , and the bassist , angered by what he saw as Jimi ’s obsessive quest for perfection , bolted from the studio midway through the session .
Mason took over the bass in Redding ’s absence , but Hendrix ultimately overdubbed the part himself , using a small , custom bass guitar that Bill Wyman had given to Andy Johns .
After the basic rhythm tracks were finally completed to Jimi ’s satisfaction , he turned his attention to the song ’s four distinct solo sections , each of which were recorded separately .
“ Once Jimi started working on his solos , the session moved very quickly , ” says Kramer .
“ The thing that occurs to me was how completely prepared he was .
One thing that people do n’t realize is that Jimi always did his homework .
He and producer Chas Chandler always got together to work out ideas well before he walked into the studio .
Jimi knew exactly what he wanted to play .
“ He used an different tone setting for each part .
I recall him using a cigarette lighter to play the slide section , and that the delay effect on each of the sections was applied later .
I used an EMT plate reverb — that was the only thing available to us at the time . ”
4 ) " Comfortably Numb " ( David Gilmour ) - Pink Floyd The Wall , 1979
How do you reason with two guys who once went to court over the artistic ownership of a big rubber pig ?
That was Bob Ezrin ’s mission when he agreed to co-produce Pink Floyd ’s The Wall with guitarist David Gilmour and bassist / vocalist Roger Waters .
The legendary tensions between the two feuding Floyds came to a head during sessions for The Wall in 1979 — which was why Ezrin was called in .
“ My job was to mediate between two dominant personalities , ” recalls Ezrin .
However , the producer turned out to be no mere referee , but contributed plenty ideas of his own .
“ I fought for the introduction of the orchestra on that record , ” says Ezrin .
“ This became a big issue on ‘ Comfortably Numb , ’ which Dave saw as a more bare - bones track .
Roger sided with me .
So the song became a true collaboration — it ’s David ’s music , Roger ’s lyric and my orchestral chart . ”
Gilmour ’s classic guitar solo was cut using a combination of the guitarist ’s Hiwatt amps and Yamaha rotating speaker cabinets , Ezrin recalls .
But with Gilmour , he adds , equipment is secondary to touch ; “ You can give him a ukulele and he ’ll make it sound like a Stradivarius . ”
Which does n’t mean Gilmour did n’t fiddle around in the studio when he laid down the song ’s unforgettable lead guitar part .
“ I banged out five or six solos , ” says Gilmour .
“ From there I just followed my usual procedure , which is to listen back to each solo and make a chart , noting which bits are good .
Then , by following the chart , I create one great composite solo by whipping one fader up , then another fader , jumping from phrase to phrase until everything flows together .
That ’s the way we did it on ‘ Comfortably Numb . ’ ”
3 ) " Free Bird " ( Allen Collins , Gary Rossington ) - Lynyrd Skynyrd pronounced ' lĕh - 'nérd ' skin - 'nérd , 1973
“ ‘ Free Bird ’ was actually one of the first songs we ever wrote , ” says guitarist Gary Rossington .
“ Allen [ Collins ] had the chords for the pretty part in the beginning , two full years , but Ronnie [ Van Zant ] kept saying that because there were too many chords so he could n’t find a melody for it .
We were just beginning to write and he thought that he had to change with every chord change .
“ Then one day we were at rehearsal and Allen started playing those chords , and Ronnie said , ‘ Those are pretty .
Play them again . ’
Allen played it again , and Ronnie said , ‘ Okay , I got it . ’
And he wrote the lyrics in three or four minutes — the whole damned thing !
He came up with a lot of stuff that way , and he never wrote anything down .
His motto was , ‘ If you ca n’t remember it , it ’s not worth remembering . ’
“ So we started playing it in clubs , but it was just the slow part .
[ A demo of this version of the song appears on the Lynyrd Skynyrd box set ( MCA , 1991 ) — GW Ed. ]
Then Ronnie said , ‘ Why do n’t you do something at the end of that so I can take a break for a few minutes ? ’
So I came up with those three chords at the end and Allen played over them , then I soloed and then he soloed … it all evolved out of a jam one night .
So , we started playing it that way , but Ronnie kept saying , ‘ It ’s not long enough .
Make it longer . ’
Because we were playing three or four sets a night , and he was looking to fill it up .
Then one of our roadies told us we should check out this piano part that another roadie , Billy Powell , had come up with as an intro for the song .
We did — and he went from being a roadie to a member right then . ”
On the studio version of the song , which appeared on Skynyrd ’s debut album , Collins played the entire solo himself on his Gibson Explorer , with Rossington playing rhythm on his Les Paul , “ Bernice , ” and adding the slide fills on his SG .
“ The whole long jam was Allen Collins , himself , ” Rossington says .
“ He was bad .
He was super bad !
He was bad - to - the - bone bad .
When we put the solo together , we liked the sound of the two guitars , and I could ’ve gone out and played it with him .
But the way he was doin ’ it , he was just so hot ! !
He just did it once and did it again and it was done . ”
The resulting track was nine minutes long , and no one ’s idea of a classic radio song .
“ Everybody told us that we were crazy to put the song on our first album , because it was too long , ” recalls Rossington .
“ Our record company begged us not to include it .
And when it first came out , they did all kinds of awful radio edits until it got big enough where it did n’t matter any more . ”
Shortly after the album was recorded , bassist Leon Wilkeson returned to the group after a brief hiatus and Ed King , his replacement , slid over to guitar , creating a three - guitar juggernaut that could reproduce the song ’s majestic attack on stage .
By the time Skynyrd cut the 1976 live album One More From the Road , Steve Gaines had replaced King and “ Free Bird ” had soared to over 13 minutes in length .
This version , with its famous shouted intro , “ What song is it that you want to hear ? , ” triggered air guitar frenzy from coast to coast and firmly sealed “ Free Bird ’s ” status as a national treasure .
2) " Eruption " ( Eddie Van Halen ) - Van Halen Van Halen , 1978
It is hard to imagine a more appropriately titled piece of music than Edward Van Halen ’s solo guitar showcase , “ Eruption . ”
When the wildly innovative instrumental was released in 1978 , hit the rock guitar community like a hydrogen bomb .
Two - handed tapping , gonzo whammy bar dips , artificial harmonics — with Van Halen ’s masterly application of these and other techniques , “ Eruption ” made every other six - stringer look like a third - stringer .
But the most remarkable thing , perhaps , about the unaccompanied solo is that it almost did n’t make it on the guitarist ’s debut album .
“ The story behind ‘ Eruption ’ is strange , ” says Van Halen .
“ It was n’t even supposed to be on Van Halen .
While we were recording the album , I showed up at the studio early one day and started to warm up because I had a gig on the weekend and I wanted to practice my solo - guitar spot .
Our producer , Ted Templeman , happened to walk by and he asked , ‘ What ’s that ?
Let ’s put it on tape !'
“ I played it two times for the record , and we kept the one that seemed to flow .
Ted liked it , and everyone else agreed that we should throw it on the album .
I did n’t even play it right — there ’s a mistake at the top end of it .
Whenever I hear it , I always think , ‘ Man , I could ’ve played it better . ’ ”
As for the distinctive echo effect on the track , Eddie recalls that he used a relatively obscure unit —a Univox echo chamber .
“ It had a miniature 8 - track cassette in it , and the way it would adjust the rate of repeat was by the speed of the motor , not by tape heads .
So , if you recorded something on tape , the faster you played the motor back , the faster it would repeat and vice versa .
I liked some of the noises I got out of it , but its motor would always burn out . ”
“ I like the way ‘ Eruption ’ sounds .
I ’d never heard a guitar sound like that before . ”
1 ) " Stairway to Heaven " ( Jimmy Page ) - Led Zeppelin Led Zeppelin IV , 1971
If Jimmy Page is the Steven Spielberg of guitarists , then “ Stairway ” is his Close Encounters .
Built around a solid , uplifting theme — man ’s quest for salvation — the epic slowly gains momentum and rushes headlong to a shattering conclusion .
The grand finale in this case is the song ’s thrill - a- second guitar solo .
Page remembers : “ I ’d been fooling around with the acoustic guitar and came up with several different sections which flowed together nicely .
I soon realized that it could be the perfect vehicle for something I ’d been wanting to do for a while : to compose something that would start quietly , have the drums come in the middle , and then build to a huge crescendo .
I also knew that I wanted the piece to speed up , which is something musicians are n’t supposed to do .
“ So I had all the structure of it , and ran it by [ bassist ] John Paul Jones so he could get the idea of it — [ drummer ] John Bonham and [ singer ]
Robert Plant had gone out for the night — and then on the following day we got into it with Bonham .
You have to realize that , at first , there was a hell of a lot for everyone to remember on this one .
But as we were sort of routining it , Robert started writing the lyrics , and much to his surprise , he wrote a huge percentage of it right there and then . ”
Plant recalls the experience : “ I was sitting next to Page in front of a fire at our studio in Headley Grange .
He had written this chord sequence and was playing it for me .
I was holding a pencil and paper , when , suddenly , my hand was writing out the words : ‘ There ’s a lady who ’s sure , all that glitters is gold , and she ’s buying a stairway to heaven . ’
I just sat there and looked at the words and almost leaped out of my seat .
Looking back , I suppose I sat down at the right moment . ”
While the spontaneous nature of Plant ’s anthemic lyrics came as a pleasant surprise , the best was yet to come .
The beautifully constructed guitar solo that Guitar World readers rated the “ best ever ” was , believe it or not , improvised .
“ I winged it , ” says Page with a touch of pride .
“ I had prepared the overall structure of the guitar parts , but not the actual notes .
When it came time to record the solo I warmed up and recorded three of them They were all quite different from each other .
All three are still on the master tape , but the one we used was the best solo , I can tell you that . ”
“ I thought ‘ Stairway ’ crystallized the essence of the band .
It had everything there , and showed the band at its best .
I ’m not talking about solos or anything ; it had everything there .
Every musician wants to do something that will hold up for a long time , and I guess we did that with ‘ Stairway . ’ "
Area 51 .
It ’s the most famous military institution in the world that does n’t officially exist .
If it did , it would be found about 100 miles outside Las Vegas in Nevada ’s high desert , tucked between an Air Force base and an abandoned nuclear testing ground .
Then again , maybe not -- the U.S. government refuses to say .
You ca n’t drive anywhere close to it , and until recently , the airspace overhead was restricted -- all the way to outer space .
Any mention of Area 51 gets redacted from official documents , even those that have been declassified for decades .
It has become the holy grail for conspiracy theorists , with UFOlogists positing that the Pentagon reverse engineers flying saucers and keeps extraterrestrial beings stored in freezers .
Urban legend has it that Area 51 is connected by underground tunnels and trains to other secret facilities around the country .
In 2001 , Katie Couric told Today Show audiences that 7 percent of Americans doubt the moon landing happened -- that it was staged in the Nevada desert .
Millions of X - Files fans believe the truth may be “ out there , ” but more likely it ’s concealed inside Area 51 ’s Strangelove - esque hangars -- buildings that , though confirmed by Google Earth , the government refuses to acknowledge .
The problem is the myths of Area 51 are hard to dispute if no one can speak on the record about what actually happened there .
Well , now , for the first time , someone is ready to talk -- in fact , five men are , and their stories rival the most outrageous of rumors .
Colonel Hugh “ Slip ” Slater , 87 , was commander of the Area 51 base in the 1960s .
Edward Lovick , 90 , featured in “ What Plane ? ” in LA ‘s March issue , spent three decades radar testing some of the world ’s most famous aircraft ( including the U - 2 , the A - 12 OXCART and the F - 117 ) .
Kenneth Collins , 80 , a CIA experimental test pilot , was given the silver star .
Thornton “ T.D. ” Barnes , 72 , was an Area 51 special - projects engineer .
And Harry Martin , 77 , was one of the men in charge of the base ’s half - million - gallon monthly supply of spy - plane fuels .
Here are a few of their best stories -- for the record :
On May 24 , 1963 , Collins flew out of Area 51 ’s restricted airspace in a top - secret spy plane code - named OXCART , built by Lockheed Aircraft Corporation .
He was flying over Utah when the aircraft pitched , flipped and headed toward a crash .
He ejected into a field of weeds .
Almost 46 years later , in late fall of 2008 , sitting in a coffee shop in the San Fernando Valley , Collins remembers that day with the kind of clarity the threat of a national security breach evokes : “ Three guys came driving toward me in a pickup .
I saw they had the aircraft canopy in the back .
They offered to take me to my plane . ”
Until that moment , no civilian without a top - secret security clearance had ever laid eyes on the airplane Collins was flying .
“ I told them not to go near the aircraft .
I said it had a nuclear weapon on - board . ”
The story fit right into the Cold War backdrop of the day , as many atomic tests took place in Nevada .
Spooked , the men drove Collins to the local highway patrol .
The CIA disguised the accident as involving a generic Air Force plane , the F - 105 , which is how the event is still listed in official records .
As for the guys who picked him up , they were tracked down and told to sign national security nondisclosures .
As part of Collins ’ own debriefing , the CIA asked the decorated pilot to take truth serum .
“ They wanted to see if there was anything I ’d for - gotten about the events leading up to the crash . ”
The Sodium Pento - thal experience went without a hitch -- except for the reaction of his wife , Jane .
“ Late Sunday , three CIA agents brought me home .
One drove my car ; the other two carried me inside and laid me down on the couch .
I was loopy from the drugs .
They handed Jane the car keys and left without saying a word . ”
The only conclusion she could draw was that her husband had gone out and gotten drunk .
“ Boy , was she mad , ” says Collins with a chuckle .
At the time of Collins ’ accident , CIA pilots had been flying spy planes in and out of Area 51 for eight years , with the express mission of providing the intelligence to prevent nuclear war .
Aerial reconnaissance was a major part of the CIA ’s preemptive efforts , while the rest of America built bomb shelters and hoped for the best .
“ It was n’t always called Area 51 , ” says Lovick , the physicist who developed stealth technology .
His boss , legendary aircraft designer Clarence L. “ Kelly ” Johnson , called the place Paradise Ranch to entice men to leave their families and “ rough it ” out in the Nevada desert in the name of science and the fight against the evil empire .
“ Test pilot Tony LeVier found the place by flying over it , ” says Lovick .
“ It was a lake bed called Groom Lake , selected for testing because it was flat and far from anything .
It was kept secret because the CIA tested U - 2s there . ”
When Frances Gary Powers was shot down over Sverdlovsk , Russia , in 1960 , the U - 2 program lost its cover .
But the CIA already had Lovick and some 200 scientists , engineers and pilots working at Area 51 on the A - 12 OXCART , which would outfox Soviet radar using height , stealth and speed .
Col .
Slater was in the outfit of six pilots who flew OXCART missions during the Vietnam War .
Over a Cuban meat and cheese sandwich at the Bahama Breeze restaurant off the Las Vegas Strip , he says , “ I was recruited for the Area after working with the CIA ’s classified Black Cat Squadron , which flew U - 2 missions over denied territory in Mainland China .
After that , I was told , ‘ You should come out to Nevada and work on something interesting we ’re doing out there . ’ ”
Even though Slater considers himself a fighter pilot at heart -- he flew 84 missions in World War II -- the opportunity to work at Area 51 was impossible to pass up .
“ When I learned about this Mach - 3 aircraft called OXCART , it was completely intriguing to me -- this idea of flying three times the speed of sound !
No one knew a thing about the program .
I asked my wife , Barbara , if she wanted to move to Las Vegas , and she said yes .
And I said , ‘ You wo n’t see me but on the weekends , ’ and she said , ‘ That ’s fine ! ’ ” At this recollection , Slater laughs heartily .
Barbara , dining with us , laughs as well .
The two , married for 63 years , are rarely apart today .
“ We could n’t have told you any of this a year ago , ” Slater says .
“ Now we ca n’t tell it to you fast enough . ”
That is because in 2007 , the CIA began declassifying the 50 - year - old OXCART program .
Today , there ’s a scramble for eyewitnesses to fill in the information gaps .
Only a few of the original players are left .
Two more of them join me and the Slaters for lunch : Barnes , formerly an Area 51 special - projects engineer , with his wife , Doris ; and Martin , one of those overseeing the OXCART ’s specially mixed jet fuel ( regular fuel explodes at extreme height , temperature and speed ) , with his wife , Mary .
Because the men were sworn to secrecy for so many decades , their wives still get a kick out of hearing the secret tales .
Barnes was married at 17 ( Doris was 16 ) .
To support his wife , he became an electronics wizard , buying broken television sets , fixing them up and reselling them for five times the original price .
He went from living in bitter poverty on a Texas Panhandle ranch with no electricity to buying his new bride a dream home before he was old enough to vote .
As a soldier in the Korean War , Barnes demonstrated an uncanny aptitude for radar and Nike missile systems , which made him a prime target for recruitment by the CIA - - which indeed happened when he was 22 .
By 30 , he was handling nuclear secrets .
“ The agency located each guy at the top of a certain field and put us together for the programs at Area 51 , ” says Barnes .
As a security precaution , he could n’t reveal his birth name -- he went by the moniker Thunder .
Coworkers traveled in separate cars , helicopters and airplanes .
Barnes and his group kept to themselves , even in the mess hall .
“ Our special - projects group was the most classified team since the Manhattan Project , ” he says .
Harry Martin ’s specialty was fuel .
Handpicked by the CIA from the Air Force , he underwent rigorous psychological and physical tests to see if he was up for the job .
When he passed , the CIA moved his family to Nevada .
Because OXCART had to refuel frequently , the CIA kept supplies at secret facilities around the globe .
Martin often traveled to these bases for quality - control checks .
He tells of preparing for a top - secret mission from Area 51 to Thule , Greenland .
“ My wife took one look at me in these arctic boots and this big hooded coat , and she knew not to ask where I was going . ”
So , what of those urban legends -- the UFOs studied in secret , the underground tunnels connecting clandestine facilities ?
For decades , the men at Area 51 thought they ’d take their secrets to the grave .
At the height of the Cold War , they cultivated anonymity while pursuing some of the country ’s most covert projects .
Conspiracy theories were left to popular imagination .
But in talking with Collins , Lovick , Slater , Barnes and Martin , it is clear that much of the folklore was spun from threads of fact .
As for the myths of reverse engineering of flying saucers , Barnes offers some insight : “ We did reverse engineer a lot of foreign technology , including the Soviet MiG fighter jet out at the Area " -- even though the MiG was n’t shaped like a flying saucer .
As for the underground - tunnel talk , that , too , was born of truth .
Barnes worked on a nuclear - rocket program called Project NERVA , inside underground chambers at Jackass Flats , in Area 51 ’s backyard .
“ Three test - cell facilities were connected by railroad , but everything else was underground , ” he says .
And the quintessential Area 51 conspiracy -- that the Pentagon keeps captured alien spacecraft there , which they fly around in restricted airspace ?
Turns out that one ’s pretty easy to debunk .
The shape of OXCART was unprece - dented , with its wide , disk - like fuselage designed to carry vast quantities of fuel .
Commercial pilots cruising over Nevada at dusk would look up and see the bottom of OXCART whiz by at 2,000 - plus mph .
The aircraft ’s tita - nium body , moving as fast as a bullet , would reflect the sun ’s rays in a way that could make anyone think , UFO .
In all , 2,850 OXCART test flights were flown out of Area 51 while Slater was in charge .
“ That ’s a lot of UFO sightings ! ” Slater adds .
Commercial pilots would report them to the FAA , and “ when they ’d land in California , they ’d be met by FBI agents who ’d make them sign nondisclosure forms . ”
But not everyone kept quiet , hence the birth of Area 51 ’s UFO lore .
The sightings incited uproar in Nevada and the surrounding areas and forced the Air Force to open Project BLUE BOOK to log each claim .
Since only a few Air Force officials were cleared for OXCART ( even though it was a joint CIA / USAF project ) , many UFO sightings raised internal military alarms .
Some generals believed the Russians might be sending stealth craft over American skies to incite paranoia and create widespread panic of alien invasion .
Today , BLUE BOOK findings are housed in 37 cubic feet of case files at the National Archives - - 74,000 pages of reports .
A keyword search brings up no mention of the top - secret OXCART or Area 51 .
Project BLUE BOOK was shut down in 1969 - - more than a year after OXCART was retired .
But what continues at America ’s most clandestine military facility could take another 40 years to disclose .
ANNIE JACOBSEN is an investigative reporter who sat for more than 500 interviews after she broke the story on terrorists probing commercial airliners .
When she is n’t digging into intelligence issues for the likes of the National Review , she ’s snapping together Legos with her two boys .
Clojure , Log4J , and clojure.tools .logging can play nicely together .
Here ’s a reasonable default configuration .
Update : Consider using clj - logging - config to configure your logs in a more Clojurey way , rather than screwing around with the ugly Java-ish log4j.
properties file described here .
If using Leiningen , add : dependencies [ [ log4j/log4 j " 1.2.16 " : exclusions [ javax.mail / mail javax.jms/jms com.sun.jdmk/jmxtools com.sun.jmx/jmxri ] ] [ org.clojure/tools.logging " 0.2.3 " ] ] to your project.clj file and rerun lein deps to auto - install the Log4J JAR .
If not using Leiningen , acquire a Log4J JAR and put it on your classpath .
Create a file called log4j.
properties on your classpath and put the following into it : # Based on the example properties given at http://logging.apache.org/log4j/1.2/manual.html
#
Set root logger level to DEBUG and its only appender to A1 .
log4j.rootLogger=DEBUG , A1 # A1 is set to be a ConsoleAppender .
log4j.appender.A1=org.apache.log4j.ConsoleAppender # A1 uses PatternLayout .
log4j.appender.A1.layout=org.apache.log4j.PatternLayout log4j.appender.A1.layout.ConversionPattern= %-5p %c - %m%n
That ’s the short version .
Read on for the gory details .
Logging philosophy
My logging requirements are simple at the moment .
I want to write messages to the console , each tagged with a log level ( “ INFO ” , “ WARN ” , “ ERROR ” , etc. )
I want to be able to set a log level , and only see log messages of that severity or higher .
That ’s it .
I take this to be the canonical base case of logging that covers 80 % of needs .
All other logging features ( e.g. logging to a file , differentiating by class or namespace ) are nice , but much less common , and ought to be handled via configurable deviations from this default case .
clojure.contrib.logging does not presently make it easy to do any of this common base case out of the box .
The Lispy façade quickly falls apart ; you ’re dumped into the deep end of the Java overengineering mire without a life vest when you simply want to change the log level temporarily .
What ’s wrong with clojure.contrib.logging ’s defaults ?
clojure.contrib.logging with no special configuration done prefaces each and every logged line on my system with :
[ null ]
May 16 , 2010 1:08:48 PM
clojure.contrib.logging$eval__2077$impl_write_BANG___2088 invoke
I have no idea why .
This makes it very hard to read the log when logging any nontrivial amount of information .
clojure.contrib.logging ’s documentation contains a rather cryptic offhanded remark , with no further explanation : Note : your log configuration should display the name that was passed to the logging implementation , and not perform stack - inspection , otherwise you ’ll see something like “ fn__72$impl_write_BANG__39__auto____81 ″ in your logs .
My log configuration ?
Stack inspection ?
Why do I need to have a log configuration to just dump strings to the console ?
Why is the default case to print a verbose and useless header for each line ?
Is n’t this Javaesque mess — obscure 50 line XML configuration files just to get basic logging functionality working — exactly what we ’re trying to avoid ?
Log4J with clojure.contrib.logging configuration
Ah , well , there ’s nothing for it , I suppose .
Better just get a serious logging library and figure out how to configure it .
The docs say that clojure .
contrib.logging delegates to the first supported logging implementation that it finds .
I am apparently using the builtin JDK logger by default , and Apache Commons ’ logger is just another wrapper , so I added Log4J to Leiningen ’s project.clj and it installed the jar for me .
Now , I get :
[ null ] log4 j : WARN
No appenders could be found for logger ( my- project - name ) . [ null ] log4 j : WARN
Please initialize the log4j system properly .
Followed by dead silence .
Hm .
I can only imagine that Log4j was never intended to be used without a custom configuration .
Odd .
Why people design software that comes without reasonable defaults pre-set to cover the common base case is beyond me .
I fully understand that strange setups will require customized configuration , but “ dumping strings to the console ” does not seem like a bizarre edge case for a logging package .
A default case of “ send all log messages to the black hole unless configured to do otherwise ” makes little sense .
So , how hard can it be to configure Log4J for this base case functionality ?
The “ short introduction to log4j ” is 19 pages long .
Sigh .
( The complete manual is proudly described as “ over 200 pages . ”
I sometimes wonder if they overengineer Java libraries on purpose just to drive book sales . )
I do not want to know what a Nested Diagnostic Context is , or the precise semantic distinction between “ Loggers , ” “ Appenders , ” and “ Layouts . ”
I do n’t care about “ Appender Additivity ” and “ Named Hierarchies , ” and I certainly do n’t want to write an XML configuration file .
I Just want to log tagged strings to the console , and have them print without a bizarre autogenerated header line .
That ’s it .
I fully appreciate that those things will be useful for some people — maybe even for me , when my project grows to become more complex .
I have nothing against their existence ; but for the base case , one should not need to know of it .
On page 9 of the “ short ” manual , after a boatload of irrelevant information , we have an answer : there is a class called BasicConfigurator with a static method that does reasonable initialization for logging to the console .
We can just do ( org.apache.log4j.BasicConfigurator/configure ) and get that .
However , we are still getting log messages like :
[ null ] 3702 [ 8633270@qtp-3149669-2 ]
INFO my.namespace - log message
We have to learn something about Layouts now .
The thread names generated by Clojure are apparently not very useful , so we ’re going to turn them off .
And while interesting when profiling , the number of milliseconds since program start is just going to be visual clutter 98 % of the time , so I ’m going to turn that off , too , until I actually need it .
The result is the log4j .
properties file listed above .
Just copy and paste it into your classpath .
If you want more or different information in your logs , take a look at the PatternLayout API documentation and alter the ConversionPattern line according to your preferences .
The result :
[ null ] INFO my .namespace - log message
I ’m still not sure where the [ null ] comes from , but overall , it ’s very readable .
Clojure posts you might also like :
Queen wants a pay rise as Palace goes £ 6 million over budget
The Queen is demanding her first pay rise in 20 years to plug a looming £ 6 million deficit in the royal household 's finances .
Palace officials have warned the Treasury they need a dramatic rise in the £ 7.9 million annual civil list to maintain spending on state duties .
The request is politically explosive at a time when the new coalition is imposing draconian £ 6 billion public sector cuts to bring down Britain 's record deficit .
Caught short :
The Queen has asked for a pay rise for the first time in 20 years to plug the £ 6 m funding gap
The £ 7.9 million grant covers the cost of the official royal household , from banquets and furnishings to housemaids and footmen .
The Queen 's treasurer Sir Alan Reid has told Government officials that the monarch 's expenditure is running at £ 6 million more than the annual allowance .
The shortfall is being met by an emergency reserve which is due to run out in 2012 - the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee year .
The civil list is negotiated every ten years and the Government has to report to Parliament on the grant by July 3 at the latest .
Courtiers say the Queen should , at least , expect an increase to her annual funding which takes account of inflation over the past two decades .
Prices have soared by 80 per cent in that time .
The current level of the civil list was agreed by former prime minister John Major when he was chancellor of the exchequer in 1990 , and frozen by Tony Blair in 2000 .
Palace officials have since been dipping into a surplus accumulated in the 1990s , which peaked with a cash reserve of £ 35 million .
However , this is down to £ 14 million and due to run out in 2012 .
One royal courtier said : ' The Queen has only been able to manage by very prudent financial management and by drawing on reserves . '
Civil List.jpg
The monarchy costs more than £ 41.5 million a year in public funds , equivalent to 69 p a year for each taxpayer - excluding the cost of security .
About 70 per cent of the £ 7.9 million civil list expenditure goes on staff salaries .
It also pays for official functions such as garden parties , receptions and entertainment .
Graham Smith , of Republic , which campaigns for an elected head of state , said the request was a ' national disgrace ' .
He said : ' The palace is demanding more money because it has been wasteful , secretive and incompetent . '
But Tory MP Edward Leigh , chairman of the Public Accounts Committee which monitors the royal finances , said : ' The Queen needs substantially more money to carry out her duties and responsibilities .
The Queen and the Royal Family do a fantastic job considering their very small resources . '
WASHINGTON — Oil leaking from a BP well in the Gulf of Mexico could increase as much as 12 times to 60,000 barrels a day if the company fails to stem the flow , Representative Edward J. Markey , Democrat of Malden , said yesterday after a briefing by industry executives .
“ The amount of oil per day could actually rise from 5,000 to 60,000 barrels , ’’ said Markey , who held a closed - door meeting with executives from BP and other oil companies and members of the House Energy and Environment subcommittee , which he chairs .
Representatives from Transocean Ltd. , owner of the well , and Halliburton Co. attended the meeting to discuss how the companies intend to cap and contain the oil leak .
“ They indicated to us that they do believe they have a possibility of being successful , but they are not guaranteed , ’’ said Markey .
“ It ’s pretty clear that there was not proper preparation for the worst - case scenario . ’’
A BP spokesman said he did n’t have any worst - case data and could n’t comment .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Cannot play media .
Sorry , this media is not available in your territory .
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner talks to Lee McKenzie about his frustration over the crash between his two drivers and seems to point the blame at Mark Webber .
Available to UK users only .
Iron workers doing what they do best - building large structures .
You have got to hand it to these guys .
' could you do this - everyday ?
' Obviously filmed using a helmetcam so has the attendant MJF features in places but stay with it ..
An ' Unknown Holocaust ' and the Hijacking of History
An address by Mark Weber , director of the Institute for Historical Review , delivered at an IHR meeting in Orange County , California , on July 25 , 2009 .
( A report on the meeting is posted here . )
We hear a lot about terrible crimes committed by Germans during World War II , but we hear very little about crimes committed against Germans .
Germany ’s defeat in May 1945 , and the end of World War II in Europe , did not bring an end to death and suffering for the vanquished German people .
Instead the victorious Allies ushered in a horrible new era of destruction , looting , starvation , rape , “ ethnic cleansing , ” and mass killing -- one that Time magazine called “ history ’s most terrifying peace . ” / 1
Even though this “ unknown holocaust ” is ignored in our motion pictures and classrooms , and by our political leaders , the facts are well established .
Historians are in basic agreement about the scale of the human catastrophe , which has been laid out in a number of detailed books .
For example , American historian and jurist Alfred de Zayas , along with other scholars , has established that in the years 1945 to 1950 , more than 14 million Germans were expelled or forced to flee from large regions of eastern and central Europe , of whom more than two million were killed or otherwise lost their lives .
/ 2
One recent and particularly useful overview is a 615 - page book , published in 2007 , entitled After the Reich : The Brutal History of the Allied Occupation .
/ 3
In it , British historian Giles MacDonogh details how the ruined and prostrate German Reich ( including Austria ) was systematically raped and robbed , and how many Germans who survived the war were either killed in cold blood or deliberately left to die of disease , cold , malnutrition or starvation .
He explains how some three million Germans died unnecessarily after the official end of hostilities -- about two million civilians , mostly women , children and elderly , and about one million prisoners of war .
Some people take the view that , given the wartime misdeeds of the Nazis , some degree of vengeful violence against the defeated Germans was inevitable and perhaps justified .
A common response to reports of Allied atrocities is to say that the Germans “ deserved what they got . ”
But however valid that argument might be , the appalling cruelties inflicted on the totally prostrate German people went far beyond any understandable retribution .
Although I ’m focusing here on the treatment of Germans , it ’s worth keeping in mind that they were not the only victims of postwar Allied brutality .
Across central and eastern Europe , the heavy hand of Soviet rule continued to take lives of Poles , Hungarians , Ukrainians , and people of other nationalities .
As Soviet troops advanced into central and eastern Europe during the war ’s final months , they imposed a reign of terror , pillage and killing without compare in modern history .
The horrors were summarized by George F. Kennan , the acclaimed historian who also served as US ambassador to the Soviet Union .
He wrote : / 4
“ The disaster that befell this area with the entry of the Soviet forces has no parallel in modern European experience .
There were considerable sections of it where , to judge by all existing evidence , scarcely a man , woman or child of the indigenous population was left alive after the initial passage of Soviet forces ; and one cannot believe that they all succeeded in fleeing to the West …
The Russians … swept the native population clean in a manner that had no parallel since the days of the Asiatic hordes . ”
During the last months of the war , the ancient German city of Königsberg in East Prussia held out as a strongly defended urban fortress .
After repeated attack and siege by the Red Army , it finally surrendered in early April 1945 .
Soviet troops then ravished the civilian population .
The people were beaten , robbed , killed and , if female , raped .
The rape victims included nuns .
Even hospital patients were robbed of their possessions .
Bunkers and shelters , packed with terrified people huddling inside , were torched with flame - throwers .
About 40,000 of the city ’s population were killed , or took their own lives to escape the horrors , and the remaining 73,000 Germans were brutally deported .
/ 5
In a report that appeared in August 1945 in the Washington DC Times - Herald , / 6 an American journalist wrote of what he described as “ the state of terror in which women in Russian - occupied eastern Germany were living .
All these women , Germans , Polish , Jewish and even Russian girls ' freed ’ from Nazi slave camps , were dominated by one desperate desire -- to escape from the Red zone “
“ In the district around our internment camp … Red soldiers during the first weeks of their occupation raped every women and girl between the ages of 12 and 60 .
That sounds exaggerated , but it is the simple truth .
The only exceptions were girls who managed to remain in hiding in the woods or who had the presence of mind to feign illness - typhoid , dyptheria or some other infectious disease …
Husbands and fathers who attempted to protect their women folk were shot down , and girls offering extreme resistance were murdered . ”
In accord with policy set by the “ Big Three ” Allied leaders of the US , Britain and the Soviet Union -- Roosevelt , Churchill and Stalin -- millions of Germans were expunged from their ancient homelands in central and eastern Europe .
In October 1945 , a New York Daily News report from occupied Berlin told readers : / 7
“ In the windswept courtyard of the Stettiner Bahnof [ rail station ] , a cohort of German refugees , part of 12 million to 19 million dispossessed in East Prussia and Silesia , sat in groups under a driving rain and told the story of their miserable pilgrimage , during which more than 25 percent died by the roadside , and the remainder were so starved they scarcely had strength to walk …
“ A nurse from Stettin , a young , good - looking blond , told how her father had been stabbed to death by Russian soldiers who , after raping her mother and sister , tried to break into her own room .
She escaped and hid in a haystack with four other women for four days …
“ On the train to Berlin she was pillaged once by Russian troops and twice by Poles .
Women who resisted were shot dead , she said , and on one occasion she saw a guard take an infant by the legs and crush its skull against a post because the child cried while the guard was raping its mother .
“ An old peasant from Silesia said ... victims were robbed of everything they had , even their shoes .
Infants were robbed of their swaddling clothes so that they froze to death .
All the healthy girls and women , even those 65 years of age , were raped in the train and then robbed , the peasant said . ”
In November 1945 an item in the Chicago Tribune told readers : / 8
“ Nine hundred and nine men , women and children dragged themselves and their luggage from a Russian railway train at Lehrter station [ in Berlin ] today , after eleven days travelling in boxcars from Poland .
Red Army soldiers lifted 91 corpses from the train , while relatives shrieked and sobbed as their bodies were piled in American lend - lease trucks and driven off for internment in a pit near a concentration camp .
“ The refugee train was like a macabre Noah ’s ark .
Every car was packed with Germans … the families carry all their earthly belongings in sacks , bags and tin trunks ...
Nursing infants suffer the most , as their mothers are unable to feed them , and frequently go insane as they watch offspring slowly die before their eyes .
Today four screaming , violently insane mothers were bound with rope to prevent them from clawing other passengers . "
Although most of the millions of German girls and women who were ravished by Allied soldiers were raped by Red Army troops , Soviet soldiers were not the only perpetrators .
During the French occupation of Stuttgart , a large city in southwest Germany , police records show that 1,198 women and eight men were raped , mostly by French troops from Morocco in north Africa , although the prelate of the Lutheran Evangelical church estimated the number at 5,000 . / 9
During World War II , the United States , Britain and Germany generally complied with the international regulations on the treatment of prisoners of war , as required by the Geneva accord of 1929 .
But at the end of the fighting in Europe , the US and British authorities scrapped the Geneva convention .
In violation of solemn international obligations and Red Cross rules , the American and British authorities stripped millions of captured German soldiers of their status , and their rights , as prisoners of war by reclassifying them as so - called “ Disarmed Enemy Forces ” or “ Surrendered Enemy Personnel . ” / 10
Accordingly , British and American authorities denied access by International Red Cross representatives to camps holding German prisoners of war .
Moreover , any attempt by German civilians to feed the prisoners was punishable by death .
/ 11 Many thousands of German PoWs died in American custody , most infamously in the so - called “ Rhine meadow camps , ” where prisoners were held under appalling conditions , with no shelter and very little food .
/ 12
In April 1946 , the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) protested that the United States , Britain and France , nearly a year after the end of fighting , were violating International Red Cross agreements they had solemnly pledged to uphold .
The Red Cross pointed out , for example , that the American transfer of German prisoners of war to French and British authorities for forced labor was contrary to International Red Cross statutes .
/ 13
Another report by the International Committee of the Red Cross in August 1946 stated that the US government , through its military branch in the US zone of occupation in Germany , was exacting forced labor from 284,000 captives , of whom 140,000 were in the US occupation zone , 100,000 in France , 30,000 in Italy , and 14,000 in Belgium .
Holdings of German prisoners or slave laborers by other countries , the Red Cross reported , included 80,000 in Yugoslavia , and 45,000 in Czechoslovakia . / 14
Both during and after the war , the Allies tortured German prisoners .
In one British center in England , called “ the London Cage , ” German prisoners were subjected to systematic ill - treatment , including starvation and beatings .
The brutality continued for several years after the end of the war .
Treatment of German prisoners by the British was even more harsh in the British occupation zone of Germany .
/ 15
At the US internment center at Schwäbisch Hall in southwest Germany , prisoners awaiting trial by American military courts were subjected to severe and systematic torture , including long stretches in solitary confinement , extremes of heat and cold , deprivation of sleep and food , and severe beatings , including kicks to the groin .
/ 16
Most of the German prisoners of war who died in Allied captivity were held by the Soviets , and a much higher portion of German POWs died in Soviet custody than perished in British and American captivity .
( For example , of the 90,000 Germans who surrendered at Stalingrad , only 5,000 ever returned to their homeland . )
More than five years after the end of the war , hundreds of thousands of German prisoners were still being held in the Soviet Union .
Other German prisoners perished after the end of the war in Yugoslavia , Poland and other countries .
In Yugoslavia alone , authorities of the Communist regime killed as many as 80,000 Germans .
German prisoners toiled as slave labor in other Allied countries , often for years .
At the Yalta conference in early 1945 , the “ Big Three ” Allied leaders agreed that the Soviets could take Germans as forced laborers , or “ slave labor . ”
It is estimated that 874,000 German civilians were abducted to the Soviet Union .
These were in addition to the millions of prisoners of war who were held by the Soviets as forced laborers .
Of these so - called reparations deportees , nearly half -- 45 percent -- perished .
/ 17
For two years after the end of the fighting , Germans were victims of a cruel and vindictive occupation policy , one that meant slow starvation of the defeated population .
To sustain life , a normal adult needs a minimum of about 2,000 calories per day .
But in March and February 1946 , the daily intake per person in the British and American occupation zones of Germany was between one thousand and fifteen hundred calories .
/ 18
In the winter of 1945 - 46 , the Allies forbid anyone outside the country to send food parcels to the starving Germans .
The Allied authorities also rejected requests by the International Red Cross to bring in provisions to alleviate the suffering .
/ 19
Very few persons in Britain or the United States spoke out against the Allied policy .
Victor Gollancz , an English - Jewish writer and publisher , toured the British occupation zone of northern Germany for six weeks in late 1946 .
He publicized the death and malnutrition he found there , which he said was a consequence of Allied policy .
He wrote : “ The plain fact is ... we are starving the Germans .
And we are starving them , not deliberately in the sense that we definitely want them to die , but willfully , in the sense that we prefer their death to our own inconvenience . ” / 20
Another person who protested was Bertrand Russell , the noted philosopher and Nobel Prize recipient .
In a letter published in a London newspaper in October 1945 , he wrote : “ In eastern Europe now mass deportations are being carried out by our allies on an unprecedented scale , and an apparently deliberate attempt is being made to exterminate many millions of Germans , not by gas , but by depriving them of their homes and of food , leaving them to die by slow and agonizing starvation .
This is not done as an act of war , but as a part of a deliberate policy of ' peace ’ . ” / 21
As the war was ending in what is now the Czech Republic , hysterical mobs brutally assaulted ethnic Germans , members of a minority group whose ancestors had lived there for centuries .
In Prague , German soldiers were rounded up , disarmed , tied to stakes , doused with gasoline , and set on fire as living torches .
/ 22
In some cities and towns in what is now the Czech Republic , every German over the age of six was forced to wear on his clothing , sewn on his left breast , a large white circle six inches in diameter with the black letter N , which is the first letter of the Czech word for German .
Germans were also banned from all parks , places of public entertainment , and public transportation , and not allowed to leave their homes after eight in the evening .
Later all these people were expelled , along with the entire ethnic German population of what is now the Czech Republic .
/ 23
In the territory of what is now the Czech Republic , a quarter of a million ethnic Germans were killed .
In Poland , the so - called “ Office of State Security , ” an agency of the country ’s new Soviet - controlled government , imposed its own brutal form of “ de- Nazification . ”
Its agents raided German homes , rounding up some 200,000 men , women , children and infants -- 99 percent of them non-combatant , innocent civilians .
They were incarcerated in cellars , pris­ons , and 1,255 concentration camps where typhus was rampant and torture was commonplace .
Between 60,000 and 80,000 Germans perished at the hands of the “ Office of State Security . ” / 24
We are ceaselessly reminded of the Third Reich ’s wartime concentration camps .
But few Americans are aware that such infamous camps as Dachau , Buchenwald , Sachsenhausen and Auschwitz were kept in operation after the end of the war , only now packed with German captives , many of whom perished miserably .
For many years we ’ve heard a lot about so - called Nazi art theft .
But however large the scale of confiscation of art by Germans in World War II , it was dwarfed by the massive theft of art works and other objects of cultural value by the Allies .
The Soviets alone looted some two and half million art objects , including 800,000 paintings .
In addition , many paintings , statues , and other priceless art works were destroyed by the Allies .
/ 25
In the war ’s aftermath , the victors put many German military and political leaders to death or sentenced them to lengthy prison terms after much - publicized trials in which the Allies were both prosecutor and judge .
The best - known of these trials was before the so - called “ International Military Tribunal ” at Nuremberg , where officials of the four Allied powers were both the prosecutors and the judges .
Justice -- as opposed to vengeance -- is a standard that is applied impartially .
But in the aftermath of World War II , the victorious powers imposed standards of " justice " that applied only to the vanquished .
The governments of the United States , the Soviet Union , and other member states of the so - called “ United Nations , ” held Germans to a standard that they categorically refused to respect themselves .
Robert Jackson , the chief US prosecutor at the Nuremberg Tribunal of 1945 - 46 , privately acknowledged in a letter to President Truman , that the Allies “ have done or are doing some of the very things we are prosecuting the Germans for .
The French are so violating the Geneva Convention in the treatment of [ German ] prisoners of war that our command is taking back prisoners sent to them [ for forced labor in France ] .
We are prosecuting plunder and our Allies are practicing it .
We say aggressive war is a crime and one of our allies asserts sovereignty over the Baltic States based on no title except conquest . ” / 26
Germans were executed or imprisoned for policies that the Allies themselves were carrying out , sometimes on a far greater scale .
German military and political leaders were put to death on the basis of a hypocritical double standard , which means that these executions were essentially acts of judicial murder dressed up with the trappings and forms of legality .
If the standards of the Nuremberg Tribunal had been applied impartially , many American , Soviet and other Allied military and political leaders would have been hanged .
An awareness of how the defeated Germans were treated by the victors helps in understanding why Germans continued to fight during the final months of the war with a determination , tenacity and willingness to sacrifice that has few parallels in history , even as their cities were being smashed into ruins under relentless bombing , and even as defeat against numerically superior enemy forces seemed inevitable .
Two years after the end of the war , American and British policy toward the defeated Germans changed .
The US and British governments began to treat the Germans as potential allies , rather than as vanquished subjects , and to appeal for their support .
This shift in policy was not prompted by an awakening of humanitarian spirit .
Instead , it was motivated by American and British fear of Soviet Russian expansion , and by the realization that the economic recovery of Europe as a whole required a prosperous and productive Germany .
Oswald Spenger , the great German historian and philosopher , once observed that how a people learns history is its form of political education .
In every society , including our own , how people learn and understand history is determined by those who control political and cultural life , including the educational system and the mass media .
How people understand the past -- and how they view the world and themselves as members of society -- is set by the agenda of those who hold power .
That ’s why , in our society , death and suffering during and after World War II of non-Jews -- Poles , Russians and others , and especially Germans -- is all but ignored , and why , instead , more than six decades after the end of the war , Jewish death and suffering -- above all , what is known as “ the Holocaust ” -- is given such prominent attention , year after year , in our classrooms and motion pictures , and by our political leaders .
What I ’m calling here an “ unknown holocaust ” of non-Jews is essentially ignored not because the facts are disputed or unknown , but rather because this reality does not fit well with the Judeo - centric view of history that is all but obligatory in our society , a view of the past that reflects the Jewish - Zionist hold on our cultural and educational life .
This means that it is not enough simply to “ establish the facts . ”
It is important to understand , identify , and counter the power that controls what we see , hear and read -- in our classrooms , our periodicals , and in our motion pictures -- and which determines how we view history , our world and ourselves -- not just the history of what is called “ the Holocaust , ” but the history and background of World War II , the Israel - Palestine conflict , the Middle East turmoil , and much , much more .
History , as the old saying goes , is written by the winners .
In our society , the “ winners , ” that is , the most important single group that sets our perspective on the past through its grip on the media , and on our cultural life , is the organized Jewish community .
This reality is hardly a secret .
Michael Medved , a well - known Jewish author and film critic , has acknowledged : “ It makes no sense at all to try to deny the reality of Jewish power and prominence in popular culture …
Any list of the most influential production executives at each of the major movie stu­dios will produce a heavy majority of recognizably Jewish names . ” / 27
One person who has carefully studied this subject is Jonathan J. Goldberg , editor of the influential Jewish community weekly Forward .
In his 1996 book , Jewish Power , Goldberg wrote : / 28
“ In a few key sectors of the media , notably among Hollywood stu­dio executives , Jews are so numerically dominant that calling these businesses Jewish - controlled is little more than a sta­tistical observation …
“ Hollywood at the end of the twentieth century is still an industry with a pronounced ethnic tinge .
Virtually all the senior executives at the major studios are Jews .
Writers , pro­ducers , and to a lesser degree directors are disproportionately Jewish -- one recent study showed the figure as high as 59 per­cent among top - grossing films .
“ The combined weight of so many Jews in one of America ’s most lucrative and important industries gives the Jews of Hollywood a great deal of political power .
They are a major source of money for Democratic candidates . ”
A writer for the Los Angeles Times , Joel Stein , boldly declared in December 2008 , in a column for the influential daily paper : “ As a proud Jew , I want America to know about our accomplishment .
Yes , we control Hollywood … I do n’t care if Americans think we ’re running the news media , Hollywood , Wall Street or the government .
I just care that we get to keep running them . ” / 29
Thirty seven years ago , two of the most powerful men in our country , indeed , in the world , frankly discussed this matter in a private conversation that should be much better known .
It was in 1972 , in the oval office of the White House .
President Richard Nixon and the Rev. Billy Graham -- the nation ’s best - known and most influential Christian evangelist -- were alone .
These were not just prominent and influential men .
They were shrewd and astute individuals who had accomplished much in their lives , and who had thought a lot about what they had observed and experienced over the years .
We know about this one - on - one conversation , and exactly what the two men said to each other , because Nixon had arranged for all conversations in his office to be secretly recorded .
He regarded these recordings as his personal property , but he was later forced by court order to give them up .
It was n’t until thirty years later -- in 2002 -- that this conversation was finally made public .
/ 30
Here ’s how their talk went .
Graham said : “ This stranglehold has got to be broken or the country ’s going down the drain . ”
The President responded by saying : “ You believe that ? , ” “ Yes , sir , ” said Graham .
“ Oh , boy , ” Nixon replied , “ So do I . I ca n’t ever say that , but I believe it . ”
Now consider for a moment what this means , for America and the world , and for us today .
Here ’s the most powerful political personality in the United States , indeed the most powerful man in the world , and the most influential religious figure in the US , in agreement about the Jewish hold on our media .
They did n’t talk about the Jewish role in the media , or even Jewish domination of the media .
They spoke about a Jewish “ stranglehold ” on our media .
For everyone who cares about our nation and the world , it ’s worth asking and answering two questions .
First , were Nixon and Graham right ?
Were they correct in what they said that day about what they called the Jewish “ stranglehold ” on the media ?
And , second , if they were right , what does that say about America and our society ?
Two of the most influential men in our country were so afraid of the intimidating power of the organized Jewish community that they felt unable even to mention publicly this “ stranglehold ” -- that ’s the term Graham used -- on our media , a “ stranglehold ” that they regarded as so harmful that unless it is broken , America , again , their words , is “ going down the drain . ”
What a telling commentary on the corruption and perversion of our national life !
If Nixon and Graham were right , is it not important , indeed , imperative , to clearly and forthrightly address the reality of this hold on our media ?
What has brought us together here this evening is , first and foremost , our interest in real history -- our passion for a clearer understanding of the past free of “ politically correct ” orthodoxy and stricture .
But an awareness of “ real history ” is not enough .
It is important to understand the how and why of the systematic distortion of history in our society , and the power behind that distortion .
Understanding and countering that power is a critically important task , not merely for the sake of historical truth in the abstract , but for the sake of our nation and humankind .
Notes
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
May 6th , 2010
Via : Josh Fulton :
Chris Dodd , everybody ’s favorite hairdo , has introduced a “ tough ” financial “ reform ” bill that he claims will “ limit the risk [ financial institutions ] can assume . ”
Of course , most people with a pulse realize that a 1565 page bill introduced by one of the top recipients of financial industry lobbyist money in Congress probably will do little to ‘ reform ’ the financial industry in the best interests of the American people .
That , however , does n’t fully capture the perniciousness of this bill .
When we look at it closely , we can see it is one of the most dangerous bills introduced in Congress in years .
One of the worst parts of Dodd ’s bill is that it institutionalizes “ too big to fail . ”
Bank holding companies with assets greater than $ 50 billion and nonbank financial companies supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve are required to pay into a $ 50 billion “ orderly liquidation fund . ”
( Dodd gave verbal assurance on May 4th that this provision would be eliminated , but Dodd ’s bill still needs to be reconciled with the House bill , which contains a $ 150 billion fund . )
Why should a fund be necessary to liquidate a business ?
Well , to pay off creditors , that ’s why .
That ’s the premise of “ too big to fail ” : if a large , interconnected firm fails , it could cause the collapse of its creditors , which could in turn cause the collapse of the entire economy .
( If you believe that one , I ’ve got some land in Florida to sell you . )
Economy , Elite | Posted in Dictatorship Top Of Page
The Oxburgh “ report ” on proxy reconstructions is about 1.5 pages long and does n’t take long to parse – which I ’ll begin below .
No one should construe the fact that I ’m commenting on these nine paragraphs as endorsing the idea that nine paragraphs – especially these none paragraphs – constitute a thorough review of CRU proxy reconstructions .
None of the issues raised in my submission to the Parliamentary Committee ( see here ) was considered .
1 . Tree growth is sensitive to very many factors including climate .
By piecing together growth records from different trees , living or dead , it is possible to determine the temporal variation of growth patterns going back many hundreds of years .
The dendroclimatological work at CRU seeks to go beyond this and to extract from the dated growth patterns the local and regional history of temperature variations .
The Unit does virtually no primary data acquisition but has used data from published archives and has collaborated with people who have collected data .
No particular objections to this paragraph .
The Climategate letters also show that CRU directly funded the collection of some data ( e.g. Yamal ) .
2 . The main effort of the dendroclimalogists at CRU is in developing ways to extract climate information from networks of tree ring data .
The data sets are large and are influenced by many factors of which temperature is only one .
This means that the effects of long term temperature variations are masked by other more dominant short term influences and have to be extracted by statistical techniques .
The Unit approaches this task with an independent mindset and awareness of the interplay of biological and physical processes underlying the signals that they are trying to detect .
Obviously I agree that the data sets are “ large ” , “ influenced by many factors of which temperature is only one ” and that the “ effects of long term temperature variations are masked by other more dominant short term influences ” .
These sound like Climate Audit points – I question whether these caveats have been as clearly disclosed in IPCC reports as they have been here .
They say that the “ effects of long term temperature variations … have to be extracted by statistical techniques ” – I ’d phrase this a little differently and more conditionally .
If the effects can be extracted , then they have to be extracted statistically .
Surely the efficacy of the statistical techniques needs to be demonstrated .
I ’m not saying that they were unaware of this nuance .
3 . Although inappropriate statistical tools with the potential for producing misleading results have been used by some other groups , presumably by accident rather than design , in the CRU papers that we examined we did not come across any inappropriate usage although the methods they used may not have been the best for the purpose .
It is not clear , however , that better methods would have produced significantly different results .
The published work also contains many cautions about the limitations of the data and their interpretation .
It ’s nice that they concede that “ inappropriate statistical tools with the potential for producing misleading results have been used . ”
Unfortunately , they do n’t provide a citation , merely attributing the error to “ some other groups ” .
Surely a panel of esteemed academics can provide citations rather than using Gavin - esque evasions like “ some other groups ” .
Hand ’s comments indicate that he ’s referring to Mann – who , as everyone except Oxburgh seems to know , is one of the most attested correspondents in the Climategate letters .
They say that they did n’t “ come across any inappropriate usage ” .
But then again they did n’t actually interview any CRU critics or targets .
Obvious examples of “ inappropriate ” statistical usage include the use of calibration - period residuals to estimate confidence intervals , the “ Briffa bodge ” in adjusting Tornetrask data and of course the trick to hide the decline – both in its IPCC form ( deletion of data past 1960 ) , its WMO form ( splicing instrumental and proxy data ) and its Rutherford 2005 - Mann 2008 form ( substituting “ infilled ” data for divergent data . )
They say that “ it is not clear that better methods would have produced significant ;y different results ” .
They took no evidence on this .
This has been contested in many blog posts and was specifically contested in my submissions to the Parliamentary Committee and Muir Russell Committee – a readily accessible submission that Oxburgh ignored .
4. Chronologies ( transposed composites of raw tree data ) are always work in progress .
They are subject to change when additional trees are added ; new ways of data cleaning may arise ( e.g. homogeneity adjustments ) , new measurement methods are used ( e.g. of measuring ring density ) , new statistical methods for treating the data may be developed ( e.g. new ways of allowing for biological growth trends ) .
These caveats are hardly ones that would offend a CA reader .
The question is whether these caveats are properly disclosed in IPCC reports .
5 . This is illustrated by the way CRU check chronologies against each other ; this has led to corrections in chronologies produced by others .
CRU is to be commended for continuously updating and reinterpreting their earlier chronologies .
One of the most serious criticisms of CRU – made both at CA and in my two UK submissions – has been CRU ’s failure to update the Polar Urals chronology of Briffa et al 1995 ( not on the short review list . )
The Polar Urals Update resulted in a ring width chronology with an elevated MWP .
This was never reported in the literature and this failure sticks in my craw .
CRU deserves no “ commendation ” for their non-reporting of the impact of additional Polar Urals data on the chronology .
That Oxburgh would “ commend ” them on this shows ignorance .
But of course , they did n’t take any evidence from critics .
6 . With very noisy data sets a great deal of judgement has to be used .
Decisions have to be made on whether to omit pieces of data that appear to be aberrant .
These are all matters of experience and judgement .
The potential for misleading results arising from selection bias is very great in this area .
It is regrettable that so few professional statisticians have been involved in this work because it is fundamentally statistical .
Under such circumstances there must be an obligation on researchers to document the judgemental decisions they have made so that the work can in principle be replicated by others .
Much of this paragraph reads like Climate Audit .
“ The potential for misleading results arising from selection bias is very great in this area ” .
Could n’t agree more .
The work is “ fundamentally statistical ” – something that I ’ve said for several years .
“ There must be an obligation on researchers to document the judgemental decisions they have made ” – yup .
7. CRU accepts with hindsight that they should have devoted more attention in the past to archiving data and algorithms and recording exactly what they did .
At the time the work was done , they had no idea that these data would assume the importance they have today and that the Unit would have to answer detailed inquiries on earlier work .
CRU and , we are told , the tree ring community generally , are now adopting a much more rigorous approach to the archiving of chronologies and computer code .
The difficulty in releasing program code is that to be understood by anyone else it needs time - consuming work on documentation , and this has not been a top priority .
Surely Oxburgh is straying into Muir Russell territory here .
Were n’t they asked to assess the science rather than the conduct ?
Most of this paragraph is an excuse for not doing things .
What does this have to do with assessing bodging , cherry picking and their like ?
8 . After reading publications and interviewing the senior staff of CRU in depth , we are satisfied that the CRU tree - ring work has been carried out with integrity , and that allegations of deliberate misrepresentation and unjustified selection of data are not valid .
In the event CRU scientists were able to give convincing answers to our detailed questions about data choice , data handling and statistical methodology .
The Unit freely admits that many data analyses they made in the past are superseded and they would not do things that way today .
At CA , I ’ve criticized CRU for “ unjustified selection of data ” while refraining from speculating on their motives .
Blog policies require readers not to speculate on motives .
“ Unjustified selection of data ” is a different issue than “ deliberate misrepresentation ” .
CA readers and myself have generally been concerned about confirmation bias and unintentional or negligent misrepresentation than “ deliberate misrepresentation ” .
Oxburgh says that CRU gave “ convincing answers to our detailed questions about data choice , data handling and statistical methodology . ”
Unfortunately , Oxburgh did not follow the advice of the Parliamentary Committee to do things in the light of day .
As a result , none of us knows what the “ detailed questions ” were or what the CRU answers were .
“ The Unit freely admits that many data analyses they made in the past are superseded and they would not do things that way today . ”
I am unaware of any such admissions on the public record .
I , for one , would be interested in knowing which data analyses are involved and precisely which methods the Unit have abandoned .
9 . We have not exhaustively reviewed the external criticism of the dendroclimatological work , but it seems that some of these criticisms show a rather selective and uncharitable approach to information made available by CRU .
They seem also to reflect a lack of awareness of the ongoing and dynamic nature of chronologies , and of the difficult circumstances under which university research is sometimes conducted .
Funding and labour pressures and the need to publish have meant that pressing ahead with new work has been at the expense of what was regarded as non-essential record keeping .
From our perspective it seems that the CRU sins were of omission rather than commission .
Although we deplore the tone of much of the criticism that has been directed at CRU , we believe that this questioning of the methods and data used in dendroclimatology will ultimately have a beneficial effect and improve working practices
Again Gavin-esque evasiveness – “ some of these criticisms ” .
OK , cite two or three .
Are they throwing spitballs at Climate Audit here ?
Or are they criticizing someone else ?
If they are criticizing Climate Audit , I ’d like to know what they regard as “ selective and uncharitable ” criticism .
If they are n’t criticizing Climate Audit , who are they criticizing ?
As to a supposed “ unawareness of the difficult circumstances under which university research is sometimes conducted ” , of their “ funding and labour pressures ” and the “ need to publish ” , well , boo hoo .
These studies have been cited in documents being presented to the public to justify major public expenditures and policies .
They “ deplore the tone of much of the criticism that has been directed at CRU ” – again without providing any examples .
Hypocritically , they ignore the “ tone ” of remarks within the Climategate letters , the language that has appalled the public .
If they are going to complain about the mote in their brother ’s eye , they should first remove the beam in their own .
[ A water tank stands in Brooklyn , festooned with cellular antennas , photographed by flickr user Dreamer7112 . ]
From the Franklin Stove , and the Stetson Hat , through the Evinrude outboard to the walkie - talkie , the spray can , and the cordless shaver , the most typical American way of improving the human situation has been by means of crafty and usually compact little packages , either papered with patent numbers , or bearing their inventor ’s name to a grateful posterity …
True sons of Archimedes , the Americans have gone one better than the old grand - daddy of mechanics .
To move the earth he required a lever long enough and somewhere to rest it — a gizmo and an infrastructure — but the great American gizmo can get by without any infrastructure …
The quintessential gadgetry of the pioneering frontiersman had to be carried across trackless country , set down in a wild place , and left to transform that hostile environment without skilled attention .
Its function was to bring instant order or human comfort into a situation which had previously been an undifferentiated mess …
At this point we have seen enough of the basic proposition to formulate some generalized rules for the American gizmo , and examine its consequences in design and other fields .
Like this : a characteristic class of US products — perhaps the most characteristic — is a small self - contained unit of high performance in relation to its size and cost , whose function is to transform some undifferentiated set of circumstances to a condition nearer human desires .
The minimum of skill is required in its installation and use , and it is independent of any physical or social infrastructure beyond that by which it may be ordered from catalogue and delivered to its prospective user .
– Reyner Banham , “ The Great Gizmo ”
A handful of recent posts ( Life Without Buildings , Markasaurus , Robert Sumrell ) have noted that the iPhone may be the single industrial product which best exemplifies both the continuance and the evolution of Banham ’s notion of the peculiarly American gizmo .
Perhaps the most important piece of that evolution is the move away the independence of the gizmo , which Banham ’s repeated definitions , quoted above , hammered home as one of the defining characteristics of this class of industrial products .
The iPhone , however , is not only dependent upon highly developed systems in its production , as Banham acknowledges all such objects have always been , but is also now equally dependent in its operation upon a vast array of infrastructures , data ecologies , and device networks .
Even acknowledging this , though , and realizing that its operative value comes from its ability to tap those data ecologies and attendant socially - constituted bodies of knowledge , it is still possible to miss the landscapes that it produces .
Until we see that the iPhone is as thoroughly entangled into a network of landscapes as any more obviously geological infrastructure ( the highway , both imposing carefully limited slopes across every topography it encounters and grinding / crushing / re- laying igneous material onto those slopes ) or industrial product ( the car , fueled by condensed and liquefied geology ) , we will consistently misunderstand it .
Take a single instance of iPhone use — Jimmy Stamp ’s afternoon of coffee - shop sleuthing in Brooklyn , for example .
Think what a vast array of landscapes are tenuously tethered to that single moment :
A. PRODUCTION : THE GIZMO AS A GEOLOGIC EXTRACT
First , we might consider the iPhone as a geologic extract , tracing backwards from the gizmo - in - hand to the direct effect of the gizmo on the surface of the earth , using two of the most prominent links in that chain of effect , mines and factories .
MINES ( EXTRACTION )
Red Dog Mine and Airport , which are located near Kotzebue in northwestern Alaska , via google maps .
Red Dog Mine , photographed by flickr user brodie lee
The Teck smelting facility in Trail , British Columbia , via google maps .
A single iPhone is composed of 135 grams of material , including stainless steel , plastics , glass , a lithium - ion battery , and , perhaps most crucially for the tactile experience of iPhone ownership , a touch - screen display weighing in at 12.5 grams , just under one - tenth of the total weight of the device ( PDF ) .
To capture the motion of the user ’s fingers , that touchscreen employs a technology known as “ Project Capacitive Touch ” sensing , which registers movement and pressure with electrically - charged strips of the transparently conducting solution indium tin oxide ( In 2 O 3 and SnO 2 ) .
The key and most expensive component in that solution is the rare metal indium , which is not mined directly , but typically produced as a valuable by - product during the processing of zinc ores ( though , owing to increasing demand and limited supply , it is increasingly recycled from manufactured products ) .
Canada is one of the world ’s leading producers of indium , producing approximately fifty tonnes a year , a quantity which is exceeded only by China ( 330 ) and Japan ( 60 ) .
Within Canada , the single facility producing the greatest quantity of indium is Teck Resource ’s refinery in Trail , British Columbia , which processes zinc ores hauled from the Red Dog pit mine in northwestern Alaska .
Such mines and refineries , scattered across the globe in the aforementioned countries , as well as South Korea , Belgium , Russia , and Peru , are the iPhone ’s landscape of extraction .
FACTORIES ( ASSEMBLY )
Hon Hai ’s facility is at the center of the image , bounded by waterbodies to the north and west as well as a major highway to the east , as indicated on this diagram ; image via google maps .
Employees relax on a basketball court inside the compound ; photograph by Jason Dean
While Apple is notoriously secretive about the iPhone ’s supply and manufacture chains , reports from both Reuters and the Wall Street Journal indicate that the iPhone is manufactured in Hon Hai Precision Industries ’ enormous Shenzhen plant , the Longhua Science and Technology Park , which employs over a quarter of a million people behind its walls and security gates .
The facility ’s factories , dormitories , hospital , restaurants , bank , basketball courts , executive offices , and cafes cover a square mile of terrain , at once company town and infrastructural city .
B. OPERATION : THE PHYSICAL TRACE OF INVISIBLE INFRASTRUCTURES
1 It is probably worth noting here that these infrastructures are no more and no less the ‘ real ’ landscape of the iPhone than the socially - constructed overlays of data , opinion , and anecdote which the iPhone , through these infrastructures , acts as a window onto .
Second : while the act of locating a trio of Brooklyn coffee - shops does indeed depend on the operative ability of the iPhone to tap what Life Without Buildings describes as a series of “ invisible infrastructures — locative data , telecommunications networks , reviews , news , images , information ” — these invisible infrastructures do not lack traceable landscape impacts1 .
SERVER FARMS ( COLLATION )
Google ’s data center in The Dalles , Oregon , photographed by Melanie Conner for The New York Times .
Google ’s first server farm , in The Dalles , Oregon , via bing maps .
Image from a video tour Google put together of its server containers , screen capture by Stephen Shankland / CNET .
It ’s nearly impossible , of course , to say which servers caught those mapping requests for Cafe Pedlar , Marlow & Sons , and Blue Bottle Coffee .
But we can query representatives .
As Google is , like Apple , quite secretive about the details of the physical loci of its immaterial product , the locations of less than half of Google ’s American data centers are known , with those known centers spread between California ( five centers ) , Oregon ( two ) , Georgia ( two ) , Virginia ( three ) , Washington , Illinois , Texas , Florida , North Carolina , South Carolina , Oklahoma , and Iowa .
The first of these data centers to be constructed is in The Dalles , Oregon , and “ includes three 68,680 square foot data center buildings , a 20,000 square foot administration building , a 16,000 square foot ‘ transient employee dormitory ’ and an 18,000 square foot facility for cooling towers ” .
Like Google ’s other data centers , the Dalles facility consumes enormous quantities of electricity ( estimates range from 50 to 100 megawatts — somewhere between a tenth and a twentieth of the capacity of an average American coal - fired power plant ) , generating similarly large quantities of heat , which necessitates locating the centers by significant water sources for the chillers and water towers which cool the servers .
Inside , the data centers are filled with standard shipping containers , each container packed with over a thousand individual servers running cheap x86 processors : anonymous , modular data landscapes , the nerve centers of America ’s conurbations , their standardization and dull rectilinearity indicating extreme placelessness , but contradicted by the logistical logic of water bodies , energy sources , and transmission distances which governs their placement .
CELL TOWERS ( TRANSMISSION )
A camouflaged cell array in Brooklyn , photographed by flickr user drewva
One of Brooklyn ’s most common cellular typologies , the array attached to a watertower ; photographed by flickr user erikthered
The Crown Atlantic company ’s cell tower , one of the closest registered towers to the coffee shops , at center in the satellite image , via google maps .
2 However : only seven of those towers are “ tall ” towers , the sort which one thinks of as cell towers .
The vast majority are attached to buildings , as in this However : only seven of those towers are “ tall ” towers , the sort which one thinks of as cell towers .
The vast majority are attached to buildings , as in this instance , located near the Gowanus canal .
With the materials extracted , the object assembled , and the data collated , the final step in this abbreviated tour is the transmission of that data from the server farms to the individual gizmo , a step which is enabled by ubiquitous cell towers and antennas .
A quick query at AntennaSearch.com , a database of transmission tower and antenna permits and registrations , locates six hundred and seven antennas and seventy - nine towers within two miles of the neighborhood ( Park Slope ) where this particular search began2 .
Again , it is nearly impossible to say which of these transmitters served as the “ base station ” , or central transmission point for the cell the search occurred within — all cellular coverage areas are divided into mapped cells , with the low power and range of transmission of the cellular phone allowing many phones in differentiated cells to occupy the same frequency without interference , by the extraordinary means of a legal fiction which compartmentalizes the air itself — but it is not difficult to pick out the sort of structures which might have done so : prosthetic antenna arrays , clinging to rooftops and water towers , or ( much more rarely within Brooklyn ) the tall and familiar standard cell tower , its silhouette looming over baseball fields .
The internet did not replace television , which did not replace cinema , which did not replace books .
E - books are n’t going to replace books either .
E - books are books , merely with a different form .
Article Continues Below
The electronic book is the latest example of how HTML continues to win out over competing , often nonstandardized , formats .
E- books are n’t websites , but E - books are distributed electronically .
Now the dominant E - book format is XHTML .
Web standards take on a new flavor when rendering literature on the screen , and classic assumptions about typography ( or “ formatting ” ) have to be adjusted .
HTML is n’t just for the web#section2
It ’s for any text distributed online .
Technology predictions can come back to haunt you , but this one I ’m sure about :
The fate of non-HTML formats has been sealed by HTML5 and the iPad .
People are finally noticing what was staring them in the face all along — HTML is great for expressing words .
The web is mostly about expressing words , and HTML works well for it .
The same holds true for electronic books .
E -books are usually not “ websites . ”
You can post your book copy as web pages , but the E - book as a logical entity is not a website .
e Pub , the international E - book standard , is HTML ( XHTML 1.1 with minor exclusions ) .
Two other formats — certain kinds of “ true ” XML and DTBook — have equal status in ePub ; most developers will use XHTML .
Every E-reader under the sun except the Amazon Kindle can display ePub electronic books .
( A Kindle can show you its own variant , .AZW , of a variant of HTML [ Mobipocket ] ; that ’s two steps removed from the real thing .
A Kindle can also convert HTML to displayable format , presumably AZW . )
It may be unseemly to dance on graves , but HTML wins again .
HTML does n’t work for all documents , since it lacks important structural features .
( HTML5 addresses some of those deficiencies but wo n’t help today ’s E - books . )
HTML does work for huge numbers of documents , many of which we call books .
Bet against HTML for online distribution and you ’ve backed the wrong horse .
Philosophical digression #section3
Every article on electronic books must ritually address the concept of book and the relation of form to book .
In this case I will acknowledge the remarks of internet pioneer Jaron Lanier , who warns in his book You Are Not a Gadget that early software decisions can dramatically constrain what later becomes possible .
( Others have stated the same thing — the type designers at LettError complained a decade ago about how software tools constrain ideas . )
I am articulating an HTML - triumphalist view of E - book production .
By backing what I feel is obviously the right horse , I am contributing to the strangulation of new or uninvented forms of the book .
Advocacy of one digital format is always a process of eugenics ; other formats will never be born or will die prematurely .
I ’m doing that right now by downplaying the importance of XML and DTBook variants of ePub .
I am happy to contribute to the death of “ vooks ” and other multimedia websites masquerading as books .
( I do not want a rectangle of video yammering at me while I ’m trying to read . )
They ’re like animated popunder ads in that no actual “ user ” wants them , but somebody with an agenda does .
Exterminating that species is something to which I am proud to contribute .
For other forms of books , advocating strict HTML markup will cause as - yet - unknowable harm .
I nonetheless maintain that typical works of fiction , and many works of nonfiction , can be expressed very well indeed in HTML E - books .
To attain this degree of expression , we have to rid ourselves of print conventions that do not work in electronic media .
Another way of saying this is that books should be as bookish as possible under the circumstances .
Printed books need to take advantage of everything print has to offer ( resolution , tactility , portability , collectibility ) , while electronic books must do likewise for their own form ( economy , copyability , reflow , searching and indexing , interlinking ) .
Two problems to be solved #section4
If HTML is the dominant markup language for most E - books , then web standards come into play .
Frankly , I do n’t want to relive the late 1990s and early 2000s , in which standardistas had to come up with one slightly different way after another to convince developers to code their sites properly .
You still do n’t see valid HTML very often on real - world sites , but tables for layout are largely a thing of the past and semantics are hugely improved .
Maybe pure web standards did not “ win , ” but whatever web standards are n’t definitely lost .
It would be overconfident to assume that this success will immediately replicate itself with E - books .
Publishers ( there are barely any “ developers ” in the E - book sphere ) will not automatically do the right thing , and so far they seem to be doing exactly the wrong thing .
If we want publishers ’ code in E - books to be as good as standardistas ’ code on actual websites , we ’ve got two problems to solve .
The underlying code for typical ePub electronic books is XHTML 1.1 .
That means you need valid code with no errors : the ePub standard requires XML error handling , so you ca n’t get away with HTML 4.0 ” “ style tag soup .
Novels and many nonfiction books are semantically simple .
Most can get by with a tiny range of tags :
P ( but do n’t mark up everything as a paragraph )
( but do n’t mark up everything as a paragraph ) Headings ( arguably H1 should be reserved for the title of the book )
should be reserved for the title of the book ) Emphasis ( perennial debates over semantics of CITE vs. EM vs. I may hereby resume )
vs. vs. may hereby resume ) Lists
BLOCKQUOTE
Images ( with mandatory alternate text )
Even nonexperts can be readily trained to recognize simple structures like these .
But people untrained in even the simplest markup are the problem .
Production methods #section6
For E - books to have good code , good code has to be found at every stage of the production process .
That is not how things are done right now .
Thin spaces between dots in an ellipsis become question marks .
For more examples of typographic tragicomedy in E - books , see this article ’s Sidebar .
Hundreds , if not thousands , of commercially available E - books from legacy publishing houses were converted to “ electronic format ” by scanning printed books and turning the resulting OCR book copy into text files .
( Indeed just text files , not structured markup . )
Copy errors are so rampant that E - books are the first category of book in human history that could actually be returned as defective .
This in turn has led to the equally rampant mythology that E - books are all about “ formatting . ”
( They are n’t : they ’re about structured text with styles attached . )
Why would publishers scan hardcopies ?
Are n’t all books produced on computers these days ?
Yes , but do publishers own those files , or do various freelance designers ?
Can anybody even find the files ?
What if they were saved in an old version of Quark Xpress or Ventura Publisher ?
Instead of rooting around in files resident on computers they do n’t really understand anyway ( these are book people ) , publishers find it easier to just send print books out to low bidders for scanning .
Now there ’s a cottage industry selling conversion services for E - texts .
One competitor in the E - book “ space , ” Kobo ( né Shortcovers ) , promises conversions for “ as little as $ 29 … per title . ”
Another competitor , eBook Architects , converts ( “ to Mobipocket / Kindle first ” ) for about $ 400 in typical cases .
The New York Times estimated that to “ convert the text to a digital file , typeset it in digital form and copy - edit it ” costs a mere 50 ¢ .
Fees this low are unsustainably low and cannot possibly lead to good markup and clean copy .
This is n’t hypothetical .
We have countless examples to look at right now ( see sidebar ) .
Race to the bottom #section7
E -books are barely beginning to catch on and already the most important parts of an E - book — copy and markup — are suffering from a race to the bottom .
What ’s the solution ?
The canonical format of a book should be HTML .
Authors should write in HTML , making a manuscript immediately transformable to an E - book .
A manuscript could then be imported into that fossil the publishing industry refuses to leave behind , Microsoft Word .
( MS Word ’s Track Changes feature has become a kind of methadone for an addicted publishing industry . )
To typeset a print book from this source , translating twice ( HTML → Word → InDesign ) is a proven workflow with the added advantage of outputting tagged PDFs with good semantics .
Now , the foregoing is so optimistic as to be ridiculous .
Authors are not going to start writing in HTML , let alone the full - on XML that Ben Hammersley has called for .
Book copy will continue to be saved as MS Word , Xpress , and / or InDesign files .
Though mangled and inadequate , such copy will then be “ exported ” for E - book “ formatting . ”
Instead of avoiding errors to begin with , the publishing industry may choose to fix errors after they ’re made — but only if authors , especially big - name authors with ruthless literary agents , complain loudly until publishers have entire imprints ’
E- books repaired .
This will not result in authors writing good strong HTML for new books , but will clean up part of the mess .
Ongoing E-book experiments #section8
There ’s a lot of activity in the electronic - book “ space , ” from virtual think tanks like the Book Oven to crowdsourced copy - editing at Bite - Size (d ) Edits , to name two sites comanaged by impresarios Hugh McGuire and Stephanie Troeth .
Two other projects are working on the possibilities of standardized structured code in the E - book process .
e Pub Zen Garden aims to do for electronic - book layout and type what CSS Zen Garden did for web design , which was a lot .
The new Zen Garden could benefit from the experience of the old Zen Garden by offering more than one canonical text to style , but the concept is a proven winner .
( You can help by contributing . )
Simon Fraser University ’s Thinkubator is slowly developing a project that expands on InDesign ’s ability to save a complete round - trip representation of an InDesign file as XML .
Converting XML output to ePub XHTML may not be trivial , but it is n’t impossible and could be automated .
At that point , we would n’t have to retrain authors to write in HTML ; we ’d just have to retrain desktop publishers to use structural , not presentational , style names ( Heading 2 , Emphasis , Blockquote ) for later translation .
For code - competent authors , this same production method accepts XHTML as a source file , which can then be translated to a native InDesign document or PDF without intermediary files .
Separation of content and structure has never been more important # section9
e Pub uses XHTML 1.1 as a markup language .
You may also associate stylesheets — explicitly CSS2 , not any other version .
As such and as ever , markup must be separated from presentation .
But E - book creators come from the publishing business .
They ’re writers , editors , desktop publishers .
They will naturally attempt to hack and deform code and text to reproduce features from print layouts that should really be governed by CSS , handled by the E - book reader , or forgotten about entirely .
In some cases , you actually have to alter the text of a book to make it work as an E - book ; in other cases you must not do that .
Tasks CSS must handle #section10
Drop caps .
It ’s easy to find commercial E - books the first word of which has an error :
The word is written as its first letter followed by a space and the rest of its letters .
It ’s an artifact of drop caps , which in desktop publishing are usually rendered as a separate letter disconnected from the rest of the word .
In standards - compliant E- books , you have to forget about drop caps or use a CSS selector ( : first - letter ) .
The same goes for type treatments on the first words ( often the first n words ) of a chapter or section .
Maybe the first five words use small caps or bold .
There is no way to do that in CSS as yet , though you can style the entire first line of a paragraph .
You might have to wrap the first n words in a SPAN with a classname ( which may then carry over into Word and InDesign for later styling ) .
Small caps .
Software that renders HTML ( not just web browsers ) has a hard time with small capitals .
The CSS is easy enough to declare — font - variant : small - caps .
But even if the software has access to a font with genuine designed small caps , it usually wo n’t use them .
It will use fake small caps instead ( regular capitals at a smaller point size ) .
Fake small caps are usually too short , almost always too light , and often spaced too close together .
E - books must use CSS to specify small caps .
But what you ’ll end up seeing for now is fake small caps , not real ones .
Columns .
Despite what former Microsoft researcher Bill Hill may think , multicolumn continuous text makes no sense in a window that can resize and / or scroll .
( Do you want your columns continuously redrawing themselves before your very eyes ? )
Columns may make sense in a screen that stays fixed and immobile .
For that purpose , CSS3 columns module can be attempted , though real - world use may show its weaknesses , as with positioning illustrations , column - spanning headings , and callouts .
Indents .
One of the simplest ( also least followed ) conventions of book typography , indenting the first line of a paragraph that follows another paragraph but nothing else , has never been simpler to set up than in CSS : p+p { text - indent : number } .
Blank lines between paragraphs are a Microsoft Word artifact that are additionally widely used in onscreen text .
In book typesetting , they ’re a mistake ( but do n’t tell that to O’Reilly , the computer - book publisher that loves this “ format ” ) .
If you really want a blank line between paragraphs , add a margin - bottom to P .
Source copy should not be polluted with extraneous carriage - return characters , which are difficult to suppress .
Tasks the reader software must handle # section11
H&J. Everyone complains about full - justified text in E - readers ( text with straight left and right margins ) .
It ’s harder to read because letterspacing and wordspacing are worse , causing rivers of whitespace .
The reason ?
E-readers tend not to hyphenate words .
Hyphenation is complex and still has not been perfected even for languages where there ’s a strong market incentive to do so , like English .
To use the industry jargon , this issue is all about H&J ( hyphenation and justification ) .
Authors need to resist the temptation to add soft - hyphen characters to E - texts .
Hyphenation is purely a display convention .
Hyphenation changes when the layout changes ( like switching from tall view to wide view ) .
E- book hyphenation should be carried out by computer algorithms and dictionaries .
In print publishing , informed human proofreaders can override a system ’s H&J decisions , but when you ’re reading an E - book you do n’t have one of those informed proofreaders seated alongside you .
E- reader software has to implement hyphenation ; nobody else should touch it .
Ligatures .
One of the very first things anyone with an interest in typography learns about is the use of ligatures — usually f followed by f , i , or l .
Joining the letters together into ligatures avoids unpleasant collisions , like the top of an f hitting the dot of an i .
As with hyphenation , ligatures are purely a display artifact .
Your rendering engine needs to put them in .
Do not pollute your source text with ligature characters .
( What if I want to capitalize large blocks of text ?
What if I want to search the text , or look up a word containing a ligature character in a dictionary ?
Of course you could program very intelligent software to overcome the problem .
It ’s easier to avoid the problem . )
Rarer ligatures , like ct and st , are also an issue for display engines , not underlying text .
When you need to actively prevent ligature use , as in an URL that includes the letters fi or fl , there seems to be no way around adding a zero - width nonjoiner character between the letters .
( There is no CSS declaration to turn ligatures on and off , though a CSS3 proposal would let you do that . )
Hanging ( or hung ) punctuation .
Typesetting some punctuation marks , like quotation marks and dashes , slightly outside the margin makes printed text look better and may also make onscreen text look better .
This too is up to the display engine , not the text or its author .
Alterations to book text # section12
Pure separation of structural markup and presentation will be impossible to achieve in books more often than on websites .
Common book - typography features can be adequately expressed in E - books only by the sacrilege of altering the source manuscript .
Dashes .
As commonly used in print books , em dash ( — ) with no spaces on either side does not work in onscreen text .
Rendering engines may be too dumb to break a line before or after the em dash .
Of course that may be solved someday .
But in any event the character fails at its intended function — to break up text , as for appositives and parenthetical statements .
En dash ( – ) surrounded by spaces avoids linebreak problems and works better at the intended purpose .
( Stated concisely : Nospace - emdash - nospace does n’t work ; space - endash - space does . )
Space characters .
You absolutely can use space characters wider and narrower than a standard word space .
Em , en , and thin spaces are all defined in Unicode , along with many others , and display support is quite good and improving .
A standard word space or a nonbreaking word space is the wrong character in many constructions , as between nested levels of quotation marks or apostrophe adjacent to quotation mark : “ I ’ve Got Chills .
They ’re Multiplyin’ ”
( apostrophe ; thin space ; end double quote ) “ Technical is something techies do .
‘ I ’m a creative — I do n’t touch that ! ’ ”
( end single quote ; thin space ; end double quote )
It ’s a nod to the “ ’ 80s New Wave ” sound of the Cars and Blondie
( open double quote ; thin space ; apostrophe )
Superiors , inferiors , fractions .
In theory any character can be typeset as a superscript or subscript , usually changing the meaning ( π r ² and π r 2 are two different things ) .
Fonts often come equipped with pre-designed superior and inferior characters , typically digits ( ⁰¹²³⁴⁵⁶⁷⁸⁹ ) and letters used in ordinals ( 13th , 13e ) and salutations ( Mlle , Sra . ) .
Fonts often have more superscripts and subscripts than are defined in Unicode , but where a Unicode superior or inferior exists , use it instead of SUB or SUP markup .
Math is a separate discussion .
( It always is . )
Nonetheless , do n’t try to fake out fractions as though you were using a typewriter .
The small number of Unicode characters for vulgar fractions should be used in all cases .
There is no reliable method in HTML and CSS to construct fractions from superiors and inferiors and fraction slash , nor a method to create stacked fractions .
Sections .
HTML ’s single biggest deficiency for long documents is its lack of sections .
They exist in HTML5 , but ePub does n’t use HTML5 .
Sections in nonfiction books may sometimes be differentiable through the use of headings , but the classic book - design paradigm of leaving extra space between sections ( with different type on initial words of the new section ) simply ca n’t be marked up in HTML .
( In uncommon cases , section breaks like these occur right at the bottom of a printed page and have to be inferred . )
There is another tradition in book composition that can be adapted — typesetting a fleuron or dash between sections .
It ’s functionally equivalent to the use of HR , which can , with difficulty , be styled to be less intrusive .
Nonetheless , you are still merely suggesting that sections have changed ; what you are not doing is definitively encapsulating sections in their own markup .
Special note about tables # section13
Over and over again , tables are held up as something E - books pretty much cannot do .
I read this as an admission that people doing E - book “ conversion ” do n’t understand table markup .
Horrendously complex tables can be marked up in HTML .
( What they might really be complaining about is how much width a table takes up — perhaps more than a certain E - reader display natively has . )
Experimenting with the form of the book is one thing , but E - book structure is not something we should make up as we go along .
We should n’t pretend there are n’t any rules , nor should we import print - book concepts that do not work in onscreen books .
The dominant E - book format of the future , ePub , can benefit from our nearly ten years ’ experience building standards - compliant websites .
LASHKAR GAH , Afghanistan — Farmers from the district of Marja , which since February has been the focus of the largest American - led military operation in Afghanistan , are fleeing the area , saying that the Taliban are terrorizing the population and that American troops cannot protect the civilians .
The departure of the farmers is one of the most telling indications that Taliban fighters have found a way to resume their insurgency , three months after thousands of troops invaded this Taliban stronghold in the opening foray of a campaign to take control of southern Afghanistan .
Militants have been infiltrating back into the area and the prospect of months of more fighting is undermining public morale , residents and officials said .
As the coalition prepares for the next major offensive in the southern city of Kandahar , the uneasy standoff in Marja , where neither the American Marines nor the Taliban have gained the upper hand and clashes occur daily , provides a stark lesson in the challenges of eliminating a patient and deeply rooted insurgency .
Over 150 families have fled Marja in the last two weeks , according to the Afghan Red Crescent Society in the provincial capital , Lashkar Gah .
Bob Vander Plaats is the Right Leader for Iowa .
â€ ‹
Welcome
I ’m Bob Vander Plaats and I ’m running for Governor because I love Iowa .
I believe that Iowa needs fresh , bold leadership .
I hope that you will join us in this pursuit of excellence .
This was Bob Vander Plaats 's website when he ran for governor in 2010 .
He lost in the Republican primary on June 8 , 2010 to Branstad .
He received 40 percent of the vote compared to 50 percent for Branstad .
Bob VanderPlaats is now the president and CEO of The Family Leader , a social conservative organization .
In 2016 he was the National Co-Chair for Ted Cruz for President .
This site 's domain expired some time after his unsuccessful run in 2010 .
I remember the first time I saw an ad for Bob Vander 's 2010 campaign .
I was in Des Moines working as part of a custom app development team .
Our progressive software company had a client in the healthcare market place who required our services .
Because of their industry they were subjected to special regulations and a higher - than - usual expectation of security and privacy for their clients .
We were brought in to address their security concerns by developing customized software .
I happen to be pretty conservative fiscally when compared to my fellow workers .
I get ribbed about it all the time .
I liked the positions Bob Vander Plaat took regarding the repaying as soon as possible massive long - term debts the current legislative had created and strict accountability and high fines for business and industry employing illegal aliens .
We finished our work for the Des Moines healthcare company before the primary was held and only learned several months later that he had lost .
Recently I discovered that the domain was available , so I bought it with the goal of recreating as much of its original content as possible from its archived pages .
I did not want someone else to purchase the domain and re-purpose the site for something that had nothing in common with the original teamvp2010.com website .
Consider the information on this site for its historical value .
Now let 's return to circa 2010 .
Meet Bob
Bob , one of eight children , grew up in a two - story home on a tree - lined street in Sheldon , Iowa .
His dad , a World War II Veteran who ran his own business , worked hard to care for his family .
Bob learned the values of hard work and honesty from his Mom and Dad .
Bob was an outgoing basketball star in high school , playing in the state basketball tournament his senior year .
Those who knew him say that , even then , he wanted to make a difference in people ’s lives .
In his senior year of high school , Bob began dating his future life - partner , Darla Granstra .
They had completed thirteen years of school together ; nursery , elementary , junior high , and three years of high school .
It was during their senior year that they began discovering their future .
It was Darla who awoke the awareness in Bob that the future was full of exciting challenges and great opportunities .
In Bob ’s words , “ Darla was responsible for raising my expectations for life . ”
Both stayed close to home after high school graduation , attending Northwestern College in Orange City where Bob received a basketball scholarship and Darla received a music scholarship .
In the summer prior to their junior year , they were married .
Bob pursued a career as an educator , saying “ I fell in love with teaching because I saw the difference I could make in the lives of kids . ”
His first teaching job was in Boone , teaching business courses at Boone High School , while Darla began working as a certified public accountant .
Two years later they moved to Jefferson when Bob was recruited to teach business and become their head basketball coach .
Bob loved teaching and coaching , and also started a landscaping business .
Their first two sons , Hans and Josh , were born in Jefferson and Darla chose to stay at home with them .
At twenty - nine years old , Bob ’s leadership qualities resulted in a big promotion when he received an offer to become the new principal of Marcus - Meriden - Cleghorn High School .
The position gave him an even greater opportunity to lead , and he flourished .
The success he experienced resulted in a call from his home town of Sheldon , asking Bob to join their staff as the Sheldon High School principal .
Bob went on to earn master ’s and specialist ’s degrees in the area of educational leadership from Drake University .
His leadership ability was evident and his advancement rapid as he served both students and teachers .
In 1993 , Bob and Darla ’s third son , Lucas , was born with a serious and rare brain disorder .
He would be severely handicapped and require constant care for the rest of his life .
“ If it had n’t been for the miracle of Lucas , ” Bob says , “ we would have never looked beyond where we were . ”
Four years later , their fourth son , Logan , was born and completed the creation of a very special family .
Another unexpected offer came in 1996 , when Bob was sought after to become the President and Chief Executive Officer of Opportunities Unlimited , a health and human services organization , providing rehabilitative services for young adults with brain or spinal cord injuries , or other life - altering disabilities .
OU needed a strong leader to motivate employees , raise funds and provide a strategic vision with attainable goals .
Bob accepted the challenge and , in four short years , turned a struggling entity into one of the top service providers of its type in the United States , with a net assets increase of four hundred and forty percent and the highest accreditation from The Commission on Accreditation for Rehabilitation Facilities - Brain Injury ( CARF ) .
With Bob ’s leadership , the organization ’s design and program delivery were referred to as the model in the country for serving people with disabilities .
In 2002 , Bob led a positive and energetic campaign for governor .
Although he narrowly lost his first bid for public office , he was highly successful in building a statewide organization which remains motivated and continues to grow .
In 2006 , he was the Republican nominee for lieutenant governor .
And , he gained national attention as the state chair of Mike Huckabee ’s winning campaign in the 2008 Iowa presidential precinct caucuses .
Bob is currently president of MVP Leadership , Inc. , which specializes in strategic vision and executive leadership for business and industry , economic development , education , health care , human services , and private foundations .
His professional and personal accomplishments have received high recognition .
In March 2002 , he was noted as one of the “ 40 Under 40 ” – the 40 most influential people under 40 years of age in the Siouxland Region by The Sioux City Journal .
In the fall of 2000 , Northwestern College bestowed upon Bob the honor of “ Distinguished Alumni ” for his professional achievement .
Bob Vander Plaats ’ entire career has been about maximizing the potential of the people and institutions around him .
His life experiences , integrity , and track record of achievement make him a candidate that we can trust to lead us into the future with excellence .
Bob Vander Plaats is the right leader for Iowa .
Leadership
On his first day in office , Bob Vander Plaats will issue the Foundation Proclamation affirming Iowa ’s commitment to traditional marriage and moving to restore the appropriate separation of powers between the judicial , executive and legislative branches of state government .
He ’ll show leadership that past administrations have either been unwilling or unable to provide to reform Iowa ’s tax and regulatory structures so we finally open Iowa for business .
That includes easing the property tax burden on Iowa ’s businesses so they ’re able to create more quality jobs .
He ’ll also move to end government ’s discredited practice of picking winners and losers , and instead create a level playing field for all businesses to flourish .
Bob Vander Plaats has a history of fiscal integrity and authentically balanced budgets during his time in turning around a nonprofit organization that was facing the bleak possibility of closing .
He ’s a true fiscal conservative who will break the pattern of current and past governors who promise to curb spending only to give us bigger and bigger state budgets and higher taxes .
He ’ll rely on his front - line experience in education , health care and human services to lead a major retrenchment of government programs .
Bob Vander Plaats has never been one to walk away from a life .
As governor , he ’ll lead a culture that champions and celebrates life from conception to natural death .
He ’ll also lead a state that recognizes the foundation of our culture is the traditional family .
He wo n’t be a governor who ‘ nibbles at the margins . ’
He ’ll be a transformational governor .
In the realm of leadership , Bob Vander Plaats is :
· FOR a stay on same - sex marriages until the General Assembly rewrites state law or Iowans are allowed to vote on the definition of marriage as one man and one woman .
· FOR standing up to the courts when judges overstep their legal bounds and redefine state law from the bench .
· FOR standing up for Iowa ’s rights under the 10th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution .
· FOR legal immigration and welcoming with open arms those who come to Iowa via the proper channels and seek to become productive , law - abiding citizens .
· FOR strict accountability and high fines for business and industry employing illegal aliens .
· FOR English as the official language .
· FOR a ban on government assistance to anyone who is in the state illegally .
· FOR aggressively addressing the $ 900 million shortfall created by Chet Culver and legislative Democrats .
· FOR repaying as soon as possible the massive long - term debt that Culver and legislative created to generate short - term gains in their misguided I - JOBS program .
· AGAINST saddling current and future Iowans with additional debt .
· FOR zero - based budgeting before programs are funded .
· FOR lean - process management of state resources , focusing on results , transparency , the expectation of more services with fewer dollars and threading service delivery with excellence .
· FOR ending Chet Culver ’s practice of using one - time revenues to pay for ongoing expenses , which currently sees 13 cents of every dollar in the ongoing state budget relying on income such as the federal government ’s stimulus package .
· FOR limiting the scope of state government .
· FOR seeking advice on improving government productivity from Iowa ’s top business executives , entrepreneurs , nonprofit leaders and government innovators .
· AGAINST paying hundreds of thousands of dollars to out - of - state government efficiency consultants .
· FOR hiring department directors and other top state officials with stellar character , exceptional competency and solid team chemistry who understand that their job is to serve constituents rather than be served by taxpayers .
· FOR defining marriage as the union between one man and one woman .
· FOR protecting the words “ Under God ” in the pledge of allegiance .
· FOR the right to display the Ten Commandments .
· AGAINST restoring voting rights to felons without proper process .
· FOR the death penalty in the case of pre-meditated murder and multiple felonies that , when combined , result in death .
· FOR a state “ shall carry ” law that protects Iowans ’ Second Amendment rights so they are not subject to the current arbitrary , county - by - county process in which sheriffs can deny gun permits to law - abiding citizens .
· FOR mandatory prison sentence for producers of meth .
· FOR tougher penalties for drug violations involving firearms .
· AGAINST expanded gambling .
TeamVP2010.com
Scientists are pushing hard to make kitchen appliances more “ intelligent ” and increasingly independent , requiring less and less user interaction .
It no longer seems like an if , but rather a when will we cross the line between having just a smart kitchen appliance and a fully independent kitchen robot , maybe even of humanoid design ?
Could chefs and robots be working shoulder to shoulder in restaurant kitchens in a near future , or will the the quest for low - wage ( or no - wage ) unrelenting workers completely chase humans out of the kitchen and into mere supervising roles ?
Would we accept robot - made food becoming a future standard ?
A realistic picture of the large food industry I ’m sure , but would n’t you disapprove of having your upscale restaurant meal cooked by a machine ?
Will it ever be possible to make a robot think outside the box ?
Recently Evan Selinger and Evelyn Kim discussed the matter of robot cooks and their hardship to acquire tacit knowledge in their article “ Can a Robot Learn to Cook ? ” in The Atlantic
Would a robot ever be able to replace a chef ?
First of all we need to understand that not all cooking is the same .
Home cooking , industrial cooking , chain restaurant cooking , café cooking , street cooking , Michelin star cooking .
They are all very different and require different instruments and considerations in their respect .
Robots could surely replace or complement chefs in certain situations and in certain types of cooking .
We know that robots are already making a lot of food , especially in the industrialized food sector .
Butchering , cutting meat and fish , washing , stirring , cooking , frying , baking and packing are some things that are all automatized .
One of the aspects with robot - made food is that robots ( or simply machines ) are specialized in performing one single task , and do not have the versatility of a human chef .
I do n’t doubt the quality of robot - made food .
On the contrary , monitoring hygiene and cleanliness is easier with machines than with human beings .
More , a machine could for example work in a chilled environment to minimize the risk of food spoilage , something that a restaurant cook cannot always do .
Situations where robots might come in very handy are found in the kitchens where production is based around many repetitions of the same task or the same dish .
Think banqueting , institutional caterers and canteens .
Here the human would to a certain extent take on a part as supervisor , with the bulk of the work being executed by machines .
Cooking at higher levels of cuisine is , however pretentious it may sound , closely related to other art forms .
Their relationship stem from the desire to create and innovate , to produce something unique , but most of all from the inherent wish to express something truly personal .
To reach the higher peaks in cooking ( as any truly great chef ) one must have a story to tell ( and a concept to sell ) .
Error 412 – robots have no story to tell .
Could a robot make a painting – not a copy of a painting – but a real painting made out of experiences , ideas , dreams and feelings while playing around with color choice and techniques ?
Does any such thing as an artistic robot exist ?
If concurrently looking at a copy of a painting and its original – I might see the same thing , but what I feel is different .
Knowing that behind the original lies a human mind , a person , complete with imperfections and all , lends a bigger value .
The same goes for food – surely , eating industrial , mega - production food would stop my stomach from growling , but when I ’m aware of eating something prepared by an actual human being , preferably with passion , the feeling is different .
And I ’ll probably pay 10 times as much too .
Humans need paychecks , robots do n’t .
I think , and hope , that robots will not replace chefs , but there ’s nothing saying we could n’t share the same space working alongside one another .
A human chef is such an incredibly complex creature thanks to the way we can combine our advanced senses and analytic thinking in a million ways .
A robot substitute would need such a huge amount of sensors , functions , processing units and artificial intelligence to even come close to a chef with a medium - sized brain , that the whole thing seems highly unlikely to me .
A much better idea would be the cooperation with specialized robots executing specific tasks or handling particular situations alongside the real chefs .
Talking about robots cooking , here ’s a video that totally gives me the creeps :
After having focused on the topic Robot vs Chef , please explain , what does it actually mean to be a chef ?
The truth is , chefs can also be robots sometimes .
In some cooking there is no art element , blindly following a recipe or cutting meat and veggies in a certain pattern does not leave room for any ‘ ad lib ’ .
Imagine a cook in a chain restaurant outlet wanting to give a little personal “ touch ” to the dishes .
Goes without saying that it would be out of question .
But if we talk about a different level of cuisine , our sense of taste and the ability to assess flavor compatibility becomes much more important , and there is a higher percentage of ‘ ad lib ’ work , tasting , seasoning and adjusting , often with the base recipe settled by fixed measurements .
As you continue further up the scale of the various cuisines you will reach a point were the act of performing well , over and over again is just not enough .
In addition to a job well done , there are boundaries to be pushed .
Even given that we all have different taste , in all cooking there are still culinary standards to aim for .
A cutting - edge chef though , is responsible not only for reaching up to these culinary standards , but ultimately changing these standards , making us look at food in new ways .
Would the introduction of robots in the kitchen ultimately change what it means to be a chef ?
In some ways definitely so .
In the future a chef ’s job might become less physical and more intellectual .
Robots would be able to take over some of the “ less rewarding ” tasks , the purely mechanical ones where no human mind is needed .
In that way the chef , and not least the other human cooks in the kitchen could free up time to concentrate on performing more advanced assignments .
On the other hand , in many restaurants , I ’m sure , this readily available workforce of perpetual energy would lead to lay - offs in money - saving efforts to maximize margins .
This is exactly what has already happened in many other professions .
Implicit knowledge
Why did recipes in old cookbooks always say to use a copper bowl when beating egg whites ?
Chefs knew that the egg whites were superior when beaten in copper , but no one could tell you why .
Not until recently was it explained that copper ions form a strong bond with the conalbumin in the egg white , thus producing a much more stable foam .
Much of the knowledge that a chef possesses is of the implicit type , something quite abstract .
These are things that after a number of years of work in the kitchen is “ just there ” .
You might not know how you learned it nor when you learned it .
You use this knowledge it to execute tasks and resolve situations around the kitchen everyday .
This type of knowledge goes way beyond the usual and straightforward cause - and - effect knowledge but still has its roots in the latter .
It ’s also this type of knowledge that is hard , sometimes even impossible , to teach and transfer to another person .
Mentoring is one way , a shortcut as such , since it limits the experience required from the apprentice to obtain a certain knowledge .
Mentoring is a fast way to let the trainee “ tap in to ” the mentors experience and consequently in a faster way acquire similar knowledge .
Though no matter how good your mentor is , acquired experience can never be transferred to the apprentice , but the lesson learned by the experience process can .
Most chefs know very well how important mentoring is when it comes to developing new skills , progress in the kitchen hierarchy and to one day grow from cook to chef .
But could you upload 10 , 20 or 40 years of in - kitchen experience to the CPU of a newly built robot ?
The work of the chef is very much a logical process , revolving around things and facts that are easy to describe , monitor and explain .
But there are also the other side – a much more inspirational , creative job that ’s all about feeling and intuition – trying to transmit not only flavors but also emotions and the chef ’s philosophy .
Top chefs are driven by curiosity and passion , an ambition to please their guests and a wish to show off newly invented creations .
Could all the aspects of cooking be replicated by machines or technology ?
Surely most of the mechanical tasks in the kitchen could be executed by a robot , some of them already are today , and some will be in the future with further progress in the field of robotics .
But when will you be able to let a robot also take over the creative tasks , assignments that require personal views to be taken into account ?
Would you like to discuss wine pairings with a robot , without the human values , personal experience and opinions of a sommelier ?
A lot of knowledge can be codified and expressed in personal instructions , recipes or robot programming .
But what about all that “ other ” knowledge ?
Things that will be hard for a machine to learn are the processes and tasks where a human being uses many of its built - in “ tools ” to receive sensory data , process the information in the brain , always based on knowledge and experience , comes to a conclusion and act upon it , also taking into account a variety of variables connected to the kitchen , ingredients and maybe even the end - user , the eater .
Tacit knowledge applied in the kitchen might be as simple as correctly seasoning a dish – but how would a robot know what is “ just right ” ?
Sometimes the success of a recipe used for the first time depends on the ability of a skilled cook to “ fill in ” gaps in the recipe where it is n’t detailed enough for the novice cook to succeed .
But one of the most fascinating applications of tacit knowledge to me is to be able to “ taste ” the result of a recipe , just by reading it !
Most of this knowledge needs to be acquired , not only by seeing and replicating , but by seeing , replicating and ultimately understanding .
Is a robot capable of having an “ aha moment ” – representing that short instant when all the pieces of the puzzle suddenly comes together and you learn a lesson for life ?
Other things that will be very hard to implement in robots is the ability to make decisions based on personal judgement .
Would a robot be capable of determining if the fish delivery is fresh enough or it needs to be sent back ?
If a cucumber is crispy enough ?
Where to trim the asparagus stalks to get rid of the woody ends ?
If a piece of meat has been seared enough or if it needs another 10 seconds in the pan ?
If an emulsion is emulsified or is beginning to split ?
Problems might arise when the answer to a question or a problem is not simply “ black or white ” .
Another field where machines so far cannot compete with humans is creativity .
A robot cannot dream up a new dish for tomorrow ’s menu .
It could surely combine ingredients and cooking techniques in random or systematic patterns with the help of databases and basic flavor pairing – but the human brain is way more complex than that , and has a less limited creative freedom .
On creativity , it all boils down to this :
Will it ever be possible to make a robot think outside the box ?
Cooking with your ( robot ) heart
Humans are so incredibly complex beings , which has its positive sides but of course also its negative sides .
Our intricate interaction between physics and brain makes us achieve things , that in any other animal or machine for that matter , would be impossible .
In advanced cooking the brain has its natural place , as does fine motor skills , but you wo n’t get far with only this .
The chef needs a heart too .
The old saying “ put some love in your food ” is not without reason .
Cooking with your heart for me represents a wish to always do your best , always give more than you take and to offer something that has a higher value than the sum of the ingredients on the plate .
Until someone creates a robot that moves like human , thinks like a human but most importantly , in its own eyes feel like a human – we will only have specialized “ robot helpers ” in the kitchen .
What part of cooking could be helped by technology ?
In their article Evan Selinger and Evelyn Kim were talking about progress in the chicken butchering area .
I ’m quite certain that a robot could be designed to butcher whole chickens ( as well as any human chicken processor ) – perhaps not by following a pre-programmed pattern , but rather by combining a computer - generated model based on 3 - dimensional x-ray with flexible cutting tools and dynamic programming .
We might not see it tomorrow , but the possibilities exist .
I imagine that a robot in the everyday work in a kitchen , apart from simple mechanical duties , could be able to analyze and control things like saltiness , acidity , temperature , firmness , color .
But would it be able to make smaller adjustments based on occasional circumstances ?
Could it take into account that a cut of meat has a slightly different muscle structure today as opposed to yesterday ?
The apples might be floury , the tomato not sweet enough .
Can a robot take into consideration a guest ’s special needs , likes or dislikes ?
Could it translate praise from a diner about the Asian flavors during the last meal into a wish of doing something even better and therefore tweaking the duck dish with galangal , star anise and palm sugar glaze ?
On the other hand , the big advantages with robot workforce are quite clear : Robots are not subject to fatigue , to fear , to anger .
Robots do n’t loose interest , do n’t get into fights , do n’t complain , need not be fed .
Stress does not change the behavior of a robot as it does a human .
Robots does not need praise or love to feel good .
But could a robot taste a finished dish and go : “ Wow , this tastes wonderful together ! ” ?
Speaking of robots and their possibility to acquire new skills on their own :
How much knowledge needs to be already in the robot by programming and how much would it be able to learn as time goes by ?
( provided the hardware is adapt for the new tasks )
In some ways we already have a move towards machinery - backed kitchens with equipment such as intelligent ovens , immersion circulators , pacojets and thermomixers .
Today ’s ovens have functions that go beyond simple cooking with auto - start , auto - off , self - cleaning and a number of automatic programs that takes into account both temperature and humidity .
But at the end of the day , it ’s still just a finely tuned heat source regulated by computer programs .
You could n’t ever teach it to make a cup of coffee , debone a leg of lamb or to take out the trash before it shuts itself off for the day .
In an article in Slate magazine , Evgeny Morozov argues that you would n’t want too much help either in the kitchen , since it would actually risk making us worse cooks by depriving us of culinary challenges .
Morozov writes about scientists developing helpful surveillance systems which guide the cook through the different steps of a recipe by projecting instructions and symbols onto the ingredients and workspace .
Is there anything in a chef ’s job that might require long periods of training to get right ?
Many things , definitely .
For example , I am very fond of artisan bread baking , and it takes a lot of experience ( a good recipe helps a lot too ) to be able to recognize what ’s happening in a bread dough in its different stages and whether or not things are going as expected .
When baking in a normal restaurant kitchen there are so many variables that could make you trip on your way to a good result .
The flour might be very dry , or contain high amounts of humidity .
The room temperature might be a few degrees higher or lower than yesterday .
The sourdough might be weaker today and stronger tomorrow .
The ater might be warmer or colder than usual .
The fresh yeast might have lost a bit of its strength .
I ’ve never had any teacher in bread making , so all knowledge is from hit - or - miss experiences using written and non-written recipes .
My first memories of baking bread by myself are from the age of 15 I guess .
I remember meticulously following the recipes , one in particular , but I ended up with different results every time .
Very frustrating to not understand the mechanisms behind it all , and what caused these random ( so it seemed at the time ) results .
I have during my years in the kitchens made lots of bread – relying on a generous pinch of luck to get good results .
It is actually not until during the last years that I have come to understand the processes that transforms flour and water into the beauty we call bread .
My insights comes through technical literature and hands - on experience , but unfortunately without a mentor .
A lot of this knowledge are things that are almost impossible to describe in text and you simply need to experience it .
It ’s an incredibly complex mechanism that most chefs wish they knew more about .
But once you have acquired a certain amount of knowledge about the happening behind the scenes of the dough , you manage to see , understand and correct problems before they happen .
Result : Better bread .
Are there parts of cooking that a machine will NEVER be able to replace ?
An incredible amount of what we know in cooking ( science of cooking , procedures , methods , techniques ) are all results of trial - and - error during thousands of years .
The same goes for science in general – many important discoveries comes from curiosity , trial and error and a bit of coincidence or luck .
A machine does not make mistakes and can consequently not make progress in this way .
The difference between machine and man is the wish to evolve , the ambition to always raise the bar a notch or two and the urge to each day get better and better at what you do .
A machine will do what it ’s been told or programmed to do , whereas a chef will ( hopefully ) always try to do things a little bit better every day , a little bit faster , a little bit tastier , a little bit more beautiful .
Moreover , a problem for future robotic chefs might be the fact that certain things in the learning process one has to understand by oneself – they are impossible to transmit by words or act ( or a data cable ) .
Only with understanding and contemplation can these things be “ learned ” .
A simple example : I can teach you about communism , but I can never teach you to think like a communist .
My general standpoint on technology in the kitchen is that as long as science does n’t strangle creativity and the wish to progress , I ’m all for it .
And in any case , should there be problems – just pull the plug !
I think everyone was shocked to hear about , or witness firsthand , the fire that engulfed the Campus Court Plaza on April 22 , 2010 .
For those of us returning to campus from co-op for the S10 term , the fenced off parking lot was all that remained .
The fire started in the early hours of the morning and although firefighters worked tirelessly to contain the flames , significant damage occurred .
In the blaze , businesses including Mel ’s Diner , Mr. Sushi , Tabu , University Vision Centre and Sugar Mountain were completely consumed .
It is now known that the fire was electrical and the point of origin was the DJ booth at Tabu .
Much of this is already known to the UW students currently in town ; however I wanted to know more .
What is to become of our beloved Mel’s ?
Upon speaking with the owner of Mel ’s Diner , Jerry Smith , it has become clear that Mel ’s will return , but when this will happen is not yet certain .
In its current location , Mel ’s would take approximately a year to reopen .
Finding out information from the city about starting construction efforts has been described as a “ hurry up and wait ” process by Jerry due to all of the red tape and permit applications required .
It may even take as long as three months to start digging and begin to rebuild .
Naturally , Jerry has contemplated alternative locations to start a new Mel ’s Diner .
About a week before the fire , the HMV currently located in the plaza was selected as the location for a new Burger King , opening there soon .
This would have been an ideal location for Mel ’s , but very unfortunate timing has removed this possibility .
Jerry said that if Mel ’s were to move , it would probably be farther from the UW campus , hindering student access .
Overall , this process looks as though it will be a long one and definite plans are still unclear .
However , in all of this loss , it ’s important to remember all of the fond memories we have of Mel ’s Diner .
Mel ’s opened in 1995 and was an immediate success among the student crowd , as well as Waterloo residents .
When asked about his fondest memories of Mel ’s , Jerry recalled the many instances of 3 am outbursts of the song “ Sweet Caroline ” and how nonstop the diner was over its 15 year run .
Jerry also commented on how rewarding it was to work with University of Waterloo .
Specifically , Jerry and his wife happily provided a free breakfast for thousands of first year AHS and Environment Faculty students and leaders during frosh week over the past ten years .
Mel ’s
Diner has certainly been an integral part of many students ’ university careers and will be greatly missed .
Jerry would like to “ thank everyone in the community for their support ” and that he will be seeing us again soon .
And so now we all wait for the triumphant return of Mel’s .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Can we get bugs to do our bidding ?
Emory chemist Justin Gallivan has moved science another step closer to that possibility .
His lab reprogrammed an innocuous strain of the bacterium Escherichia coli to " seek and destroy " the molecules of an herbicide called atrazine .
" Rather than just altering a single gene and getting a cell to do one task , we can start thinking of a cell almost like a computer that we can reprogram to do a series of things , " says Gallivan .
His lab ’s latest findings were published in a recent issue of Nature Chemical Biology .
Gallivan is working at the forefront of an area known as synthetic biology .
A major goal of this field is to reprogram bacteria to carry out complex tasks , such as synthesizing and delivering drugs , and tracking and cleaning up environmental pollutants .
" The bacterium E. coli swims toward things it likes and away from things it doesn’t , " Gallivan says .
" It communicates with other cells .
It synthesizes complicated compounds and replicates itself every 20 minutes .
Put another way , E. coli tastes , thinks , talks , listens and makes things . "
The program for all of these activities is packed into the genome of the bacterium , and is in part regulated by RNA switches , known as riboswitches .
By hacking into the E. coli program and inserting a synthetic riboswitch , Gallivan 's team reprogrammed the E. coli cell 's chemical navigation system .
The presence of atrazine flips the synthetic riboswitch , causing the bacterium to move toward high concentrations of the herbicide .
In addition , the researchers incorporated genes from atrazine - eating bacteria into the E. coli , so the bacterium performs a second task - consumption .
" The E. coli essentially use the atrazine molecules as food , breaking them down into something less harmful , " Gallivan explains .
Atrazine has been banned in the European Union , but remains one of the most widely used herbicides in the United States , with millions of pounds of it applied annually .
" Anytime you use that much of something , some of it is bound to end up in the groundwater , " Gallivan says , explaining why his lab chose to explore methods of cleaning it up .
Gallivan focuses on fundamental research at the interface of chemistry , biology and materials science .
" My interest is reprogramming simple organisms to get them to do new things , in a rational and predictable way , " he says .
" A revolution is going on in biology .
We 're really starting to understand the systems of living things at the molecular scale .
Instead of asking , ' What is the nature of this organism ? '
We can begin asking , ' What can we do with this organism ? ' "
Explore further Scientists equip bacteria with custom chemo- navigational system
More information : Paper :
by Gallivan for the National Academy of Sciences on reprogramming bacteria .
Paper : www.nature.com/nchembio/journa … /nchembio.369.html#/
Listen to a talk by Gallivan for the National Academy of Sciences on reprogramming bacteria .
Is n’t the quest for stillness hopeless ?
All those efforts to attain slowness -- what good are they , especially when the rest of the world is n’t paying attention ?
Sure , you can achieve some meditative balance and create an island of serenity in yourself -- you ’ll also be in exile from the rest of the world .
Not a good idea if you ’re working and trying to pay a mortgage .
Keep up or else you ’ll fall behind , right ?
Is n’t rest a liability ?
Did n’t Marcus Aurelius say , “ I can rest when I ’m dead ” ?
Or was that Warren Zevon ?
Writers continually revisit this subject under many guises -- in biographies of spiritual figures , foodie books exhorting us to relish every taste ( and thus every moment ) and memoirs of personal searches like Elizabeth Gilbert ’s bestselling “ Eat Pray Love ” or Judith Shulevitz ’s new book , “ The Sabbath World . ”
Each of them dismantles -- easily -- the straw man argument that begins this column for a simple reason .
In a review last Sunday of Shulevitz ’s book , for instance , my colleague David L. Ulin points out that stillness , in keeping a day of the week holy , is a human necessity .
Why ?
Because it enables time for insights we otherwise would n’t have -- ones necessary to our sanity , to our self - understanding .
Such inner glimpses , Ulin writes , are “ easy to lose sight of . . . in contemporary culture , where it often seems as if we exist outside of time , amid the ‘ pollutants of communications overload , ’ ” as Shulevitz terms it .
Shulevitz ’s is hardly the only new release on the topic , however , and if you ’re trying to fill out a shelf with other books on this theme , you might turn to two by renowned author and Zen Buddhist monk Thich Nhat Hanh , “ You Are Here : Discovering the Magic of the Present Moment ” ( Shambhala : 144 pp. , $ 19.95 ) and ( with co-author Lilian Cheung ) “ Savor : Mindful Eating , Mindful Life ” ( HarperOne : 292 pp. , $ 25.99 ) .
Advertisement
The day ahead of you , the next 24 hours , is n’t something to just get through , it ’s “ a tremendous gift to us , ” he reminds us in “ You Are Here . ”
“ I begin my day by making an offering of incense while following my breath .
I think to myself that this day is a day to live fully , and I make the vow to live each moment of it in a way that is beautiful , solid , and free . ”
This book , slender as a breviary , elegantly describes the very act of breathing as an art , and he shows us ways to apply our full concentration , our “ mindfulness , ” to everything we do during the day -- walking , sitting , driving your car ( “ the red light is not your enemy , ” he assures ) , drinking a cup of tea .
The point of all this , in the end , is to measure the depth of one ’s commitment to that moment .
“ When you are holding a cup of tea in your hand , do it while being 100 percent there , ” he advises .
Maybe if you did , you would n’t spill so often .
The same is true of eating , which is discussed briefly in “ You Are Here ” while , in “ Savor , ” Hanh and co-author Cheung extend the quality of mindfulness to our eating habits , cultural obsessions with weight and our sense of community .
How did that apple get in your hand ?
Did you ever think about that ?
Where did that cup of coffee or even that Snickers bar come from ?
“ When we eat with full awareness , ” the authors explain , “ we become increasingly mindful of all the elements and effort needed to make our meals a reality . ”
Advertisement
In other words , eating is n’t an activity apart from the world :
It is a link to it .
When you realize this , you achieve not just a full belly but also compassion .
Along these lines -- of merging the mystical with the everyday -- are two other helpful new guides , David Fontana ’s “ The Meditation Handbook ” ( 244 pp. , $ 19.95 paper ) and spiritual teacher Osho ’s “ The Diamond Sutra ” ( 250 pp. , $ 19.95 paper ) , both published in Britain by Watkins Publishing .
A fellow of the British Psychological Society , Fontana turns to many traditions -- not only those associated with Buddhism -- to explore in a scholarly but accessible way how words fail to grasp the quality of stillness .
We do n’t even really know the principal terms very well .
What does the word “ I ” mean , for instance , or “ stillness ” ?
Stillness , he points out , “ may suggest tranquillity , but remember that tranquillity is a state achieved in meditation on the way towards insight .
So stillness is something more than tranquillity ; it is insight itself . ”
Words , then , fail to grasp what we ’re really after .
Similarly , Osho explains in his book that “ the word ‘ sea ’ is not the sea and the world ‘ sun ’ is not the sun and the word ‘ freshness ’ is not freshness . ”
When you tell someone about your experience at the beach , he continues , you know “ perfectly well that it cannot be brought into words , it can not be reduced into words . ”
What these books suggest , to me anyway , is n’t that attaining stillness equals zero brain activity .
Instead , it means moving into a kind of mental space in which one ’s mind can operate in a more meaningful way .
Advertisement
That ’s the intent of the Ignatian practice of daily meditation described in “ The Jesuit Guide to ( Almost ) Everything : A Spirituality for Real Life ” by James Martin SJ ( HarperOne : 420 pp. , $ 26.99 ) .
Martin ’s book talks about the applicability of Jesuit practices to every aspect of life , especially “ the examen ” -- an examination of conscience , the author tells us , that enables one to appreciate all those meaningful little moments in our daily life that easily get forgotten .
In the process , those small moments of goodness add up to stepping stones leading to an awareness of God ’s presence .
And yet , though the author is a Jesuit priest ( and the culture editor of America magazine ) , he is n’t trying to convert readers to Roman Catholicism .
In fact , he says , the five steps of the examen -- expressing gratitude for the good things , reviewing the events of the day , recalling actions one is sorry for , asking for forgiveness , asking for grace for the next day -- can be “ altered into a ‘ prayer of awareness ’ ” that “ seekers , agnostics and atheists ” can use simply to help them appreciate what happens in their daily lives .
A SURPRISE CONVERSATION : I love it when two books develop an unexpected relationship .
Take Don Lattin ’s “ The Harvard Psychedelic Club , ” which has gotten good play not just from us but in other news outlets as well .
It appeals not only because it ’s an accessibly - written group bio -- the title echoes Louis Menand ’s about an earlier Harvard group -- but also because it looks at how the lives of Timothy Leary , Richard Alpert , Andrew Weil and Huston Smith overlapped in the 1960s and fed into the mind - altering , mystical wave sweeping across America in that era .
Months prior to publication of Lattin ’s book , however , Huston Smith ’s “ Tales of Wonder : Adventures Chasing the Divine ” ( HarperOne : 210 pp. , $ 25.99 ) , written with Jeffery Paine , appeared .
It covered many of the same moments described by Lattin .
Taken together , Smith ’s and Lattin ’s books form an enlightening complementary relationship .
Advertisement
Take , for instance , what Lattin writes about Smith ’s participation in Timothy Leary ’s drug research :
Huston ’s trip was awe inspiring , but it was not pleasurable . . .
Leary walked into his living room to check on his subject .
He could tell Huston was not having a good time .
He had lain here for hours in a comatose terror .
At one point , he cried out to Leary .
“ Tim , ” Huston yelled .
“ I hope you know what you are playing around with because if I mount one step higher the terror is just going to explode my body and you ’ll be left with a corpse on your divan . ”
Advertisement
Leary walked over to the couch to reassure him that everything was OK .
“ You ’ll be fine , Huston , ” Leary said .
“ I know , ” Smith replied .
“ I have a family and I do not want to leave this life at this point .
But I know with every conviction that I could if I wanted and you would have a corpse here on your divan . ”
Leary , Lattin writes , felt the whole night had been a failure .
But Smith tells us about this episode in his book and that he later understood what happened to him on that night .
It was n’t a bad trip but one of those terrifying mystical experiences of looking “ directly into the face of God ” :
Advertisement
“ So , the big question : what was January 2 like ?
Overnight I had become a visionary , someone who not only believes in a larger world but has actually visited it .
What the mystics had sung were not poetic metaphors but real experiences , I knew now .
The Sufis say there are three ways to know fire -- by hearing it described , by seeing it , or by being burned .
I was , in that analogy , now burned by the fire .
But one must not be consumed but bring the fire -- or whatever name we give our experience of ultimate reality -- back home , to warm our hands and live by . ”
Does n’t sound like a failure , does it ?
Owchar is deputy book editor of the Times .
The Siren ’s Call appears monthly at www.latimes.com/books.
US Senate begins oil spill cover-up
By Tom Eley
12 May 2010
On Tuesday , the US senate began hearings into the Deepwater Horizon disaster , which took the lives of 11 workers in an April 20 explosion and has since poured millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , threatening the region with an environmental and economic catastrophe .
Appearing before the Energy and Natural Resources Committee in the morning and the Environmental and Public Health Committee in the afternoon were executives from the three corporations implicated in the disaster : Lamar McKay , president of the US operations of BP , which owned the oil and the drill site ; Steven Newman , president of Transocean , the contractor that owned the rig and employed most of its workers ; and Tim Probert , an executive with Halliburton , which contracted for the work of cementing the rig ’s wellhead one mile beneath ocean ’s surface .
The hearing resembled a falling out among thieves , with multi-millionaire executives — who , until April 20 , had collaborated in thwarting basic safety and environmental considerations — each blaming the other for the explosion .
McKay of BP blamed Transocean .
“ Transocean owned the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig and its equipment , including the blowout preventer , ” he said .
“ Transocean ’s blowout preventer failed to operate . ”
Newman flatly denied that the blowout preventer was responsible for the disaster , shifting blame to BP , which he said controlled the operation , and Halliburton , which was responsible for the cementing around the well cap .
“ The one thing we know with certainty is that on the evening of April 20 there was a sudden , catastrophic failure of the cement , the casing , or both , ” Newman said .
Probert of Halliburton pushed back , indicating that BP and Transocean had moved forward operations before cementing was adequately set .
There was , in fact , some harmony between the accounts offered by the executives of Halliburton and Transocean , both of whom appeared to suggest that BP ordered the skipping of a usual step in offshore drilling — the placing of a cement plug inside the well to hold explosive gases in place .
That this step was passed over was corroborated by two workers on the rig , who spoke to the Wall Street Journal on condition of anonymity .
The workers also told the Journal that BP first cleared the decision with the US Department of the Interior ’s Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) .
Both BP and the MMS refused comment to the Journal .
Robert Bea , a University of California at Berkeley engineering professor , has gathered testimony from Deepwater Horizon survivors that indicates the rig was hit by major bursts of natural gas , promoting fears of an explosion just weeks before the April 20 blast , the New Orleans Times - Picayune reports .
This raised concerns about whether mud at the well head should be replaced by much lighter seawater prior to installation of a concrete plug .
The decision to proceed won out , according to information gathered by Bea .
Whatever the immediate cause of the disaster , the clear thrust of the hearings was to focus public outrage on a single , correctable “ mistake , ” such as a mechanical failure or regulatory oversight , in order to obscure the more fundamental reasons for the disaster : the decades - long gutting of regulation carried out by both Republicans and Democrats at the behest of the oil industry that made such a catastrophe all but inevitable .
A similar calculation lay behind Department of the Interior Secretary Ken Salazar ’s Tuesday announcement that the MMS , which ostensibly regulates offshore oil drilling , will be split into two units — one that collects the estimated $ 13 billion in annual royalties from the nation ’s extractive industries , and one that enforces safety and environmental regulations .
Salazar ’s claim that this would eliminate “ conflicts of interest ” in government regulation was nervy , to say the least , coming from a man with long - standing and intimate ties with oil and mining concerns , including BP .
Indeed , more farcical than the executives ’ recriminations against each other was the spectacle of senators attempting to pose as tough critics of the oil industry .
The US Senate , like the House of Representatives , the Department of the Interior , and the White House , is for all intents and purposes on the payroll of BP and the energy industry as a whole .
Among the senators sitting on the two committees who have received tens of thousands in campaign cash from BP and the oil industry are Richard Shelby ( Republican , Alabama ) , Mary Landrieu ( Democrat , Louisiana ) , John McCain ( Republican , Arizona ) and Lisa Murkowski ( Republican , Alaska ) .
One of the few truthful moments in the hearings came when an exasperated Murkowski told the executives , “ I would suggest to all three of you that we are all in this together . ”
Murkowski and Landrieu also expressed concerns that the disaster could compromise offshore drilling .
None with even a passing familiarity of the workings of Washington or the Senate can have any doubt that Tuesday ’s hearings were but the opening of a government whitewash .
The ultimate aim is to shield the major industry players and the financial interests that stand behind them from any serious consequences .
The assemblage of the guilty parties inside the Senate chambers took place as ruptured pipes on the ocean floor continued to gush forth oil at a rate conservatively estimated at 220,000 gallons per day some 40 miles off Louisiana ’s coast .
The rate could be many times greater , but arriving at a more accurate estimate is impossible because BP has refused to release its underwater video footage for independent analysis .
BP , which is liable for cleanup costs , has all but admitted it has no idea of how to stop the leak .
Its attempt last weekend to lower a four story box over the piping failed when ice crystals clogged a portal at the structure ’s roof , a result that was widely anticipated .
BP is now considering lowering a much smaller box in order to avoid icing .
US Coast Guard and BP representatives have also floated the idea of a “ junk shot , ” firing golf balls , tire shreds , and other refuse at high pressure into the well .
The drilling of two relief wells continues , with the aim of disrupting the flow of oil from the current well .
This option will take a minimum of 90 days , during which 18 million gallons more oil will pour out at the low - end estimate .
Even this option provides no certainty .
“ The risks include unpredictable weather , since the wells will be operational at the start of hurricane season , ” according to a report in the Christian Science Monitor .
“ The wells are also being drilled into the same mix of oil and gas that caused the original explosion , and operating two wells in the area creates the potential of igniting a second explosion that is more powerful . ”
If the spill can not be stopped — a distinct possibility — the ruptured well could release a large share of the deposit ’s underground reserves into the Gulf of Mexico , which totals upwards of 100 million barrels of crude oil .
And even if the spill is stopped at a lesser volume , with each day there is a growing probability that the oil will devastate the entire Gulf from Louisiana to Florida and possibly reach the Gulf Stream , impacting the Atlantic seaboard .
In the interim , the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has given BP clearance to resume pumping chemical dispersants into the oil column as it emerges from the broken piping .
BP also continues to dump large quantities of dispersant onto the ocean ’s surface .
The environmental impact of such heavy use of dispersants is unknown , but a growing number of scientists and environmental groups are warning that the highly toxic substance could simply be transferring the brunt of the spill from the shore to marine ecosytems .
“ The companies love the idea of using a chemical to spray on an oil slick to sink it , ” Rick Steiner , a former professor of Marine Conservation at the University of Alaska , told the World Socialist Web Site .
“ It ’s ‘ out of sight out of mind ’ as far as the public is concerned because TV cameras ca n’t see it .
This is the big oil company playbook : public relations , litigation protection , and image . ”
Oil has now washed ashore in three places : the Chandeleur Islands off Louisana ’s coast , on the coast of a navigable channel from the Mississippi River known as the “ South Pass , ” and on Alabama ’s Dauphin Island .
Fishing has been blocked over a wide area , effectively imposing layoffs on thousands of fishermen , many of whom are self - employed and therefore not entitled to unemployment benefits .
Sightings of birds covered in oil and dead sea turtles washed ashore have increased in recent days .
In his testimony , McKay boasted that BP would make available “ grants of $ 25 million to Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , and Florida , ” and that it has paid out approximately $ 3.5 million in damage claims to those affected by the spill .
These figures , presented as an act of enormous magnanimity , are such a tiny share of BP ’s revenues as to be almost inconsequential .
The company took home $ 93 million per day in profits — for a total of $ 6.1 billion — during the first quarter alone .
The $ 3.5 million in damage claims paid out are significantly less than CEO Tony Hayward ’s 2009 compensation , estimated at over $ 4,700,000 by Forbes .
When Google launched its Pac - Man logo on Friday , we immediately heard amused groans in our tweet - streams .
“ Well , so much for my morning , ” said one .
“ Google ’s Pac Man logo just ruined millions of dollars in productivity today , nationwide , ” said another .
Here ’s what we all saw on Friday :
Here are two of the tweets we saw in response :
Given our repository of hundreds of millions of man hours of second by second attention data , we figured there ’s no one better than RescueTime to tell the world about the cost of Google Pac - Man on that fateful Friday .
Here ’s what we learned .
Sign up for our newsletter to get our latest blog posts in your inbox every week .
The first thing to understand is that Google does not result in a lot of active usage , in terms of time .
Yes , we all use Google .
But a Google search only requires a few seconds , and we ’re all pretty well trained to click one of the first few links .
Add to that the fact that many people use Google as a navigation tool ( “ Googling “ IBM ” instead of typing in “ www.ibm.com”).
Nonetheless , it might surprise you that our average Google user spends only 4 and a half active minutes on Google search per day , spread over about 22 page views .
That ’s roughly 11 seconds of attention invested in each Google page view .
It does n’t sound like a lot , but next time you do a search , count to 11 - it ’s a long time .
This weekend , we took a hard look at Pac - Man D - Day and compared it with previous Fridays ( before and After Google ’s recent redesign ) and found some noticeable differences .
We took a random subset of our users ( about 11,000 people spending about 3 million seconds on Google that day )
The average user spent 36 seconds MORE on Google.com on Friday ..
Thankfully , Google tossed out the logo with pretty low “ perceived affordance ” – they put an “ insert coin ” button next to the search button , but I imagine most users missed that .
In fact , I ’d wager that 75 % of the people who saw the logo had no idea that you could actually play it .
Which the world should be thankful for .
If we take Wolfram Alpha at its word , Google had about 504,703,000 unique visitors on May 23 .
If we assume that our userbase is representative , that means :
Google Pac - Man consumed 4,819,352 hours of time ( beyond the 33.6 m daily man hours of attention that Google Search gets in a given day )
$ 120,483,800 is the dollar tally , If the average Google user has a COST of $ 25 / hr ( note that cost is 1.3 – 2.0 X pay rate ) .
For that same cost , you could hire all 19,835 google employees , from Larry and Sergey down to their janitors , and get 6 weeks of their time .
Imagine what you could build with that army of man power .
$ 298,803,988 is the dollar tally if all of the Pac - Man players had an approximate cost of the average Google employee .
I hope you ’ve enjoyed our Pac - Man data journey as much as we have .
Next up in our on our data - hacking list , we ’ll be digging in to find the laziest and most productive countries and cities in the world .
Where do you think yours ranks ?
About the data :
RescueTime provides a time management tool to allow individuals and businesses to track their time and attention to see where their days go ( and to help them get more productive ! ) .
We have hundreds of millions of man hours of second - by - second attention data from hundreds of thousands of users around the world , tracking both inside and outside the browser .
The data for this report was compiled from 11,000 randomly selected Google users .
About our software :
If you want to see how productive you are vs the rest of our users , you should check out our service .
We offer both individual and group plans ( pricing starts at FREE ) .
Most Palestinian children arrested by the Israel Defense Forces and police are intimidated , abused and maltreated in custody , according to the sworn testimonies of minors who were arrested last year .
This happens both before and during interrogation , and several minors have been sexually assaulted .
Open gallery view IDF soldiers apprehending a Palestinian boy .
Credit : Tal Cohen
The Palestinian branch of the non-governmental organization Defense for Children International has asked the United Nations to probe complaints of sexual assaults .
The organization has collected 100 detailed depositions from minors aged 12 to 17 who were arrested last year , immediately after their release .
Most of the findings were not a surprise to DCI activists , apart from verbal or physical attacks of a sexual nature committed by soldiers .
Sixty - nine minors complained of being beaten by soldiers ( slaps , kicks , sometimes blows with a rifle stock or club ) .
Nearly all - 97 percent , including children aged 12 to 15 - were held for hours with their hands cuffed , and 92 percent were blindfolded for long periods of time .
Twenty - six percent said they were forced to remain in painful positions .
For example , one child said he was bound , blindfolded and placed on the floor of a jeep or vehicle on its way to the prison facility .
About half the children said the soldiers who arrested them cursed and threatened them before the interrogation , to make them confess the charges .
Or the children were urged to confess with false promises of immediate release .
The children were frequently told that the soldier who beat them was also the interrogator to whom they must confess .
Most of them said they were held for many hours before receiving anything to drink or eat .
The DCI says the numerous sworn testimonies attest to a fixed , repeated pattern .
It says these practices violate international law and the children 's rights .
In addition , causing pain and intimidation to extract a confession from a minor or make him incriminate others is defined as torture .
The relatively surprising findings in the depositions were the complaints of sexual abuse - verbal or physical .
Minors usually have difficulty talking about this aspect of their arrest , and the issue came up only during the longer conversations DCI lawyers had with the children .
Four minors reported being sexually assaulted , and 12 said they were threatened with sexual assault .
The threat was accompanied by physical violence .
Last week , the DCI 's Palestinian branch sent the UN official who monitors torture 14 complaints by Palestinian prisoners aged 13 to 16 of sexual assault during detentions from January 2009 to April 2010 .
The depositions sent to the UN report direct attacks , including squeezing boys ' testicles , pushing a blunt object ( a club or rifle stock ) between the chair and a child 's buttocks , and repeated threats of " I 'll screw you if you do n't confess you threw stones . "
A 15 - year - old arrested in September told the DCI that a soldier slapped him twice , squeezed his testicles and asked if he had thrown stones or a Molotov cocktail .
The boy said he had n't thrown either , and the soldier shouted at him that he was a liar , beat him all over his body , grabbed his testicles again and squeezed .
" I wo n't let your balls go until you confess , " he said .
The boy felt such pain that he confessed to throwing stones , he reported .
The DCI recommends that the IDF and police interrogate minors only in the presence of a lawyer of their choice and a relative , and record the interrogation on video .
These accepted procedures for interrogating children would reduce the risk of extorted confessions .
Palestinian prisoners , including minors , are allowed to see their lawyers only shortly before trial , sometimes only in the courtroom itself .
This prevents them from talking in detail about their treatment in custody .
Minors , 60 percent of whom are charged with stone - throwing , may expect a much shorter prison sentence than their detention time until the end of the trial .
Consequently , many minors confess , even when they deny the charges , and their lawyers sign plea deals with the prosecution to shorten their incarceration .
Asked about a failure to complain to the authorities about the sexual assault of minors , DCI legal adviser Khaled Kuzmar said many parents are not prepared to do so .
" Very few people have confidence in the system that abuses them , " he said .
Some fear that the system or certain individuals would take revenge on them if they complain , he said .
However , the DCI is considering filing complaints along with Israeli human rights groups , if the parents agree .
The Israeli authorities arrest around 700 Palestinian minors aged 12 to 18 annually .
Some 300 Palestinian minors are held in various Israeli prison facilities every month - either before or after they have been tried .
Last month , 335 Palestinian minors , 32 of them aged 12 to 15 , were imprisoned , mostly on suspicion of throwing stones .
The IDF Spokesman 's Office dismissed " claims of deliberate deviation from procedures for arresting and interrogating minors .
Minors ' arrests are carried out in keeping with international law ; the arrest of suspects under 16 years old in the West Bank requires a military lawyer 's approval ....
Minors are brought before a judge within a relatively short period . "
The spokesman said complaints about violence should be raised during the trial , or in an orderly complaint to the Justice Ministry 's police investigation department or the Military Police .
Military sources told Haaretz that minors ' interrogation sessions are recorded , except for interrogations by the Shin Bet security service , which are exempt by law .
As for a lawyer 's presence during a minor 's interrogation , the law does not require that even in Israel proper .
Nintendo ’s president Satoru Iwata interviewed Miyamoto asking questions regarding the development of the recently released Super Mario Galaxy 2 where Miyamoto revealed what he learned talking to the producer of the game , Koizuma .
While talking about working with Koizumi - san , producer of Super Mario Galaxy 2 , Miyamoto said ,
When making the first Super Mario Galaxy , I had said Mario games did n’t need a story or movies , but before I knew it , there were quite a few movies and a substantial amount of story .
When it comes to movies , you can pretty much stick them in at the end of development .
So during the development of Super Mario Galaxy 2 , Miyamoto tried to get these story elements cut back , but they kept creeping back in .
He also showed the game to Tezuka - san and Nakago - san ( worked on both Mario and Zelda games in the past ) partway through development and they both said something was wrong .
Finally Miyamoto had a discussion with Koizuma and while recalling the conversation Miyamoto said ,
I had n’t really talked to him that way for a long time .
We were like a married couple that had grown used to each other and not talked heart - to - heart in the many years since their wedding suddenly having a long chat after the children have left the house .
But talking over fundamental issues like Koizumi - san ’s views on the importance of story , the function of stories in games and what kind of a game Mario is , I learned something important .
I realized that whether it ’s story or movies , it ’s not about whether we need them or do n’t need them .
What ’s most important is that the game resonates .
Full Interview here
Pedigree dogs are suffering from genetic diseases following years of inbreeding , an investigation has found .
A BBC documentary says they are suffering acute problems because looks are emphasised over health when breeding dogs for shows .
The programme shows spaniels with brains too big for their skulls and boxers suffering from epilepsy .
The Kennel Club says it works tirelessly to improve the health of pedigree dogs .
Pedigree animals make up 75 % of the seven million dogs in the UK and cost their owners over £ 10 m in vets ’ fees each week .
The programme , Pedigree Dogs Exposed , says dogs suffering from genetic illness are not prevented from competing in dog shows and have gone on to win “ best in breed ” , despite their poor health .
It says physical traits required by the Kennel Club ’s breed standards , such as short faces , wrinkling , screw - tails and dwarfism , have inherent health problems .
Other problems occur because of exaggerations bred into dogs by breeders trying to win rosettes , it adds .
The programme shows a prize - winning cavalier King Charles spaniel suffering from syringomyelia , a condition which occurs when a dog ’s skull is too small for its brain .
It also features boxers suffering from epilepsy , pugs with breathing problems and bulldogs who are unable to mate or give birth unassisted .
It says deliberate mating of dogs which are close relatives is common practice and the Kennel Club registers dogs bred from mother - to - son and brother - to - sister matings .
Scientists at Imperial College , London , recently found that pugs in the UK are so inbred that although there are 10,000 of them , it is the equivalent of just 50 distinct individuals .
Steve Jones , professor of genetics at University College London , said : " People are carrying out breeding which would be first of all entirely illegal in humans and secondly is absolutely insane from the point of view of the health of the animals .
“ In some breeds they are paying a terrible price in genetic disease . "
More than 30 years after it was written , the Pentagon has released a memorandum detailing its involvement in the CIA 's infamous Cold War mind - control experiments .
But a warning to conspiracy theorists on the lookout for new fodder :
This is n't quite Men Who Stare at Goats II .
The 17 - page document ( .pdf ) , " Experimentation Programs conducted by the Department of Defense That Had CIA Sponsorship or Participation and That Involved the Administration to Human Subjects of Drugs Intended for Mind - Control or Behavior - Modification Purposes , " was prepared in 1977 by the General Counsel of the Department of Defense and released on May 6 after a Freedom of Information Act request .
Most of the details have been revealed in earlier CIA papers .
And if anything , the Pentagon 's recap is a reminder of how little the Department of Defense cops to knowing about the CIA projects .
Still , there are some tantalizing new details .
Take the origins of MK - ULTRA , the notorious CIA program that dosed thousands of unwitting participants with hallucinogenic drugs .
Initially funded by the Navy , the project set out to study the effects of brain concussion .
Soon after , scientists noted that a blow to the head prompted amnesia , leading to the pursuit of a drug - based technique to " induce brain concussion ... without physical trauma . "
Shortly thereafter , the project was transferred entirely to the CIA , because it involved " human experiments ... not easily justifiable on medical - therapeutic grounds . "
Other programs , described briefly focused on mind control .
MK - NAOMI was after " severely incapacitating and lethal materials ... [ and ] gadgetry for their dissemination , " and MK - CHICKWIT was designed to " identify new drug developments in Europe and Asia , " and then " obtain samples . "
Edgewood Laboratories , where many of the programs were carried out , is also identified as having tested an incapacitating chemical on prisoners and military personnel without the agency 's approval .
The drug , EA # 3167 , was " appl[ied ] to the skin " of subjects using an adhesive tape .
Another program , MK - OFTEN , started as a study on dopamine .
But the scope was soon expanded to evaluate ibogaine , a hallucinogen , and then several more drugs , in hopes of creating " new pharmacologically active drugs affecting the central nervous system [ to ] modify men's behavior . "
And the Navy is reported to have " obtain[ed ] heroin and marijuana " in an effort to develop speech - inducing drugs for use on defectors and prisoners of war .
The drugs were eventually tested on 14 people : six volunteer research assistants , and eight unwitting Soviet defectors .
The report pins most of the nefarious activities on CIA - funded scientists .
But that 's hardly the verdict of subsequent government documents , like a 1994 report from the U.S General Accounting Office .
In that report , Pentagon officials are said to have " work[ed ] directly with the CIA " and dosed " thousands " of military subjects with LSD and other drugs .
Eyewitness accounts , like that of psychiatrist James Ketchum , describe outlandish Army efforts at creating hallucinogenic weapons in conjunction with MK - ULTRA .
And the Pentagon 's had plenty of experience in out - there mind control , even without CIA involvement .
Troops have been dosed with LSD and cannabis oil , and Pentagon officials were reportedly toying with the idea of psychic spies as recently as 2007 .
Not surprisingly , the released report also does n't address darker questions that persist about the specifics of the CIA projects .
Last year , a group of vets sued the agency for illnesses and trauma caused by the " diabolical and secret [ MK - ULTRA ] testing program , " which they allege included experiments with nerve gas , psychochemicals , and brain implants .
[ Visionary : Josh Rogin ]
Photo courtesy Overture Films
See Also :
It will be a great day in the history of science if we sometime discover a damp shadow elsewhere in the universe where a fungus has sprouted .
The mere fossil trace of life in its simplest form would be the crowning achievement of generations of brilliant and diligent labor .
And here we are , a gaudy efflorescence of consciousness , staggeringly improbable in light of everything we know about the reality that contains us .
There are physicists and philosophers who would correct me .
They would say that if there are an infinite number of universes , as in theory there could be , then creatures like us would be very likely to emerge at some time in one of them .
But to say this is only to state the fact of our improbability in other terms .
Then there is the odd privilege of existence as a coherent self , the ability to speak the word “ I ” and mean by it a richly individual history of experience , perception , and thought .
For the religious , the sense of the soul may have as a final redoubt , not as argument but as experience , that haunting I who wakes us in the night wondering where time has gone , the I we waken to , sharply aware that we have been unfaithful to ourselves , that a life lived otherwise would have acknowledged a yearning more our own than any of the daylit motives whose behests we answer to so diligently .
Our religious traditions give us as the name of God two deeply mysterious words , one deeply mysterious utterance : I AM .
Putting to one side the question of their meaning as the name and character by which the God of Moses would be known , these are words any human being can say about herself , and does say , though always with a modifier of some kind .
I am hungry , I am comfortable , I am a singer , I am a cook .
The abrupt descent into particularity in every statement of this kind , Being itself made an auxiliary to some momentary accident of being , may only startle in the dark of night , when the intuition comes that there is no proportion between the great given of existence and the narrow vessel of circumstance into which it is inevitably forced .
“ I am Ozymandias , king of kings .
Look on my works , ye mighty , and despair . ”
There is much speculation about the nature of the mind , its relation to the brain , even doubt that the word “ mind ” is meaningful .
In his book Consilience , the biologist E. O. Wilson claims , “ The brain and its satellite glands have now been probed to the point where no particular site remains that can reasonably be supposed to harbor a nonphysical mind . ”
But if such a site could be found in the brain , then the mind would be physical in the same sense that anything else with a locus in the brain is physical .
To define the mind as nonphysical in the first place clearly prejudices his conclusion .
The experimental psychologist Steven Pinker , writing about the soul in How the Mind Works , asks , “ How does the spook interact with solid matter ?
How does an ethereal nothing respond to flashes , pokes and beeps and get arms and legs to move ?
Another problem is the overwhelming evidence that the mind is the activity of the brain .
The supposedly immaterial soul , we now know , can be bisected with a knife , altered by chemicals , ” and so on .
By identifying the soul with the mind , the mind with the brain , and noting the brain ’s vulnerability as a physical object , he feels he has debunked a conception of the soul that only those who find the word meaningless would ever have entertained .
This declension , from the ethereality of the mind / soul as spirit to the reality of the mind / brain as a lump of meat , is dependent , conceptually and for its effects , on precisely the antique dualism these writers who claim to speak for science believe they reject and refute .
If complex life is the marvel we all say it is , quite possibly unique to this planet , then meat is , so to speak , that marvel in its incarnate form .
It was dualism that pitted the spirit against the flesh , investing spirit with all that is lofty at the expense of flesh , which is by contrast understood as coarse and base .
It only perpetuates dualist thinking to treat the physical as if it were in any way sufficiently described in disparaging terms .
If the mind is the activity of the brain , this means only that the brain is capable of such lofty and astonishing things that their expression has been given the names mind , and soul , and spirit .
Complex life may well be the wonder of the universe , and if it is , its status is not diminished by the fact that we can indeed bisect it , that we kill it routinely .
In any case , Wilson ’s conception of mind clearly has also taken on the properties of the soul , at least as that entity is understood by those eager to insist that there is no ghost in the machine .
As Bertrand Russell pointed out decades before Gilbert Ryle coined this potent phrase , the old , confident distinction between materiality and nonmateriality is not a thing modern science can endorse .
Physicists say a change in a split photon occurs simultaneously in its severed half , at any theoretical distance .
As if there were no time or space , this information of change passes instantly from one to the other .
Is an event that defies any understanding we have of causality a physical event ?
Yes .
Can the seeming timelessness and spacelessness that mediate this change also be called physical ?
Presumably , since they have unambiguous physical consequences .
Then perhaps we cannot claim to know the nature of the physical , and perhaps we ought not to be so confident in opposing it to a real or imagined nonphysical .
These terms , as conventionally used , are not identical with the terms “ real ” and “ unreal , ” though the belief that they are is the oldest tenet of positivism .
The old notion of dualism should be put aside , now that we know a little about the uncanny properties of the finer textures of the physical .
If , as some have suggested , quantum phenomena govern the brain , evidence for the fact is not likely to be found in scrutiny of lobes or glands or by means of any primitive understanding of the brain ’s materiality .
Let us say the mind is what the brain does .
This is a definition that makes the mind , whatever else , a participant in the whole history and experience of the body .
Steven Pinker offers the same definition , but modifies it differently .
He says , “ The mind is what the brain does ; specifically , the brain processes information , and thinking is a kind of computation ” — excluding the felt experience of thinking , with all its diverse burdens and colorations .
Elsewhere he says , with the certitude typical of his genre , “ Family feelings are designed to help our genes replicate themselves , but we can not see or smell genes … .
Our emotions about kin use a kind of inverse genetics to guess which of the organisms we interact with are likely to share our genes ( for example , if someone appears to have the same parents as you do , treat the person as if their genetic well - being overlaps with yours ) . ”
Here we have the self we experience at a qualitative remove from what the brain really does .
Presumably we are seduced into collaborating in the perpetuation of some part of our genetic inheritance by those moments of love and embrace .
But why are these seductions necessary ?
Why are they lovely to us ?
Why would nature bother to distract us with them ?
Why do we stand apart from nature in such a way that the interests that really move us should be concealed from us ?
Might there not be fewer of these interfamilial crimes , honor killings , child abandonments , if nature had made us straightforwardly aware that urgencies more or less our own were being served in our propagating and nurturing ?
There is more than a hint of dualism in the notion that some better self — the term seems fair — has to be distracted by ingratiating pleasures to accommodate the practical business of biology .
This automaton language of Pinker ’s sounds a bit like Descartes .
But Descartes theorized that the pineal gland , central and singular in the symmetries of the brain , moved one way or another to permit or obstruct the actions of the body , which he knew were governed by the brain .
In his theory , the impressions of the senses , integrated in this gland , were appraised by the soul , which in Descartes is a term that seems pointedly synonymous with the mind .
That is to say , his interest is in cognition and reason , not sin or salvation , and this in a physical and intellectual landscape inﬂamed by theological controversy in which those concepts ﬁgured prominently .
Still , it is the soul that appraises what the mind integrates .
In this way Descartes acknowledges the complexity of thinking , judging , and in his way incorporates the feeling of consciousness and the complexity of it more adequately than most theorists do now .
What Descartes actually intended by the words “ soul ” and “ mind ” seems to me an open question for Descartes himself .
Clearly they are no mere ghost or illusion .
What their meanings are for us as inheritors of the thought of the modern period is a more manageable question .
I am excluding the kind of thinking on this point that tends toward the model of the wager .
According to this model , we place our faith in an understanding of the one thing needful , and , ultimately , suffer or triumph depending on the correctness of our choice .
By these lights the soul exists primarily to be saved or lost .
It is hardly more our intimate companion in mortal time than is the mind or brain by the reckoning of the positivists , behaviorists , neo -Darwinists , and Freudians .
The soul , in this understanding of it , is easily characterized by the nonreligious as a fearful and self - interested idea , as the product of acculturation or a fetish of the primitive brain rather than as a name for an aspect of deep experience .
Therefore it is readily dismissed as a phantom of the mind , and the mind is all the more readily dismissed for its harboring of such fears and delusions .
Steven Pinker says , “ The faculty with which we ponder the world has no ability to peer inside itself or our other faculties to see what makes them tick .
That makes us the victims of an illusion : that our own psychology comes from some divine force or mysterious essence or almighty principle . ”
But the mind , or the brain , a part of the body just as E. O. Wilson says it is , is deeply sensitive to itself .
Guilt , nostalgia , the pleasure of anticipation , even the shock of a realization , all arise out of an event that occurs entirely in the mind or brain , and they are as potent as other sensations .
Consistency would require a belief in the non-physical character of the mind to exclude them from the general category of experience .
If it is objected that all these things are ultimately dependent on images and sensations first gleaned from the world by the senses , this might be granted , on the condition that the sensory experience retained in the mind is understood to have the character the mind has given it .
And it might be granted if sensory experience is understood to function as language does , both enabling thought and conforming it in large part to its own context , its own limitations .
Anyone ’s sensory experience of the world is circumstantial and cultural , qualified by context and perspective , a fact which again suggests that the mind ’s awareness of itself is of a kind with its awareness of physical reality .
The mind , like the body , is very much placed in the world .
Those who claim to dismiss the mind / body dichotomy actually perpetuate it when they exclude the mind ’s self - awareness from among the data of human nature .
By ‘‘ self - awareness ’’
I do not mean merely consciousness of one ’s identity , or of the complex flow of thought , perception , memory , and desire , important as these are .
I mean primarily the self that stands apart from itself , that questions , reconsiders , appraises .
I have read that microorganisms can equip themselves with genes useful to their survival — that is , genes conferring resistance to antibiotics — by choosing them out of the ambient flux of organic material .
If a supposedly simple entity can by any means negotiate its own enhancement , then an extremely complex entity largely composed of these lesser entities — that is , a human being — should be assumed to have analogous capabilities .
For the purposes of the mind , these might be called conscience or aspiration .
We receive their specific forms culturally and historically , as the microorganism does also when it absorbs the consequences of other germs ’ encounters with the human pharmacopoeia .
If the brain at the level of complex and nuanced interaction with itself does indeed become mind , then the reductionist approach insisted upon by writers on the subject is not capable of yielding evidence of mind ’s existence , let alone an account of its functioning .
One who has inquired into the properties of hydrogen and oxygen might reasonably conclude that water is a highly combustible gas — if there were not his own experience to discourage this conclusion .
As proof of the existence of mind we have only history and civilization , art , science , and philosophy .
And at the same time , of course , that extraordinary individuation .
If it is true that the mind can know and seek to know itself in ways analogous to its experience of the world , then there are more , richer data to be gleaned from every age and every culture , and from every moment of introspection , of deep awareness of the self .
The strangeness of reality consistently exceeds the expectations of science , and the assumptions of science , however tried and rational , are inclined to encourage false expectations .
As a notable example , no one expected to find that the expansion of the universe is accelerating , and that the rate of its acceleration is accelerating .
It is a tribute to the brilliance of science that we can know such things .
And it is also an illustration of the fact that science does not foreclose possibility , including discoveries that overturn very fundamental assumptions , and that it is not a final statement about reality but a highly fruitful mode of inquiry into it .
The fact of the accelerating expansion of the universe is a conclusion arrived at in the first place by observation .
Theory and hypothesis have followed .
What was thought to be known about the effect of gravity , that it would slow cosmic expansion , could not be reconciled with new data , and a major and novel factor , in effect an antigravitational force , emerged as a hypothesis in a changed conception of the universe .
The best wisdom and the most venerable of natural laws do not have standing to preclude our acknowledging solid data , though the grounds for refusing to take account of them could perfectly well be called “ scientific . ”
The exclusion of what the brain does from an account of what the brain is is “ scientific ” in just the same sense .
By this kind of reasoning , the laws of nature supposedly tell us what we must exclude from what we might otherwise consider entirely relevant , one example being our own inwardness .
This distinction between science and parascience is important in considering the mind over against the materialist position that would understand it in reductionist terms , that is , in terms that limit the kinds of interpretation that are appropriately brought to bear on it .
The neo -Darwinists argue that the brain evolved to maximize the chance of genetic survival , to negotiate access to food and sex , presumably before the species evolved to the point where the prolonged helplessness of infants made genetic survival dependent in some degree on cooperation .
Therefore , they tell us , we may not assume that any motive can depart from an essential qualitative likeness to these original motives .
The “ evolutionary epic ” explains the brain exhaustively .
But “ the material ” itself is an artifact of the scale at which we perceive .
We know that we abide with quarks and constellations , in a reality unknowable by us in a degree we will never be able to calculate , but reality all the same , the stuff and the matrix of our supposedly quotidian existence .
We know that within , throughout , the solid substantiality of our experience indeterminacy reigns .
Making use of the conceptual vocabulary of science to exclude a possibility which in a present state of knowledge — or a former one — that vocabulary would seem to exclude , has been the mission of positivist thinking since Auguste Comte declared scientific knowledge effectively complete .
If doing so is a reflex of the polemical impulse to assert the authority of science , understandable when the project was relatively new , it is by now an atavism that persists as a consequence of the same polemical impulse .
The ancient antagonist that has shaped positivism and parascientific thought and continues to inspire its missionary zeal is religion .
For cultural and historical reasons , the religions against which it has opposed itself are Christianity and Judaism , both of which must be called anthropologies , whatever else .
“ What is man that thou art mindful of him ? ”
The very question is an assertion that mindfulness is an attribute of God , as well as man , a statement of the sense of deep meaning inhering in mindfulness .
If I were not myself a religious person , but wished to make an account of religion , I believe I would tend toward the Feuerbachian view that religion is a human projection of humanity ’s conceptions of beauty , goodness , power , and other valued things , a humanizing of experience by understanding it as structured around and mirroring back these values .
Then it would resemble art , with which it is strongly associated .
But this would dignify religion and characterize the mind as outwardly and imaginatively engaged with the world , as , in parascientific thought after Comte , it never is .
Steven Pinker says , “ Religion is a desperate measure that people resort to when the stakes are high and they have exhausted the usual techniques for the causation of success . ”
Then a little farther on he lists the “ imponderables ” that lie behind the human tendency toward religion and also philosophy .
These imponderables are consciousness in the sense of sentience or subjective experience , the self , free will , conceptual meaning , knowledge , and morality .
He says , “ Maybe philosophical problems are hard not because they are divine or irreducible or meaningless or workaday science , but because the mind of Homo sapiens lacks the cognitive equipment to solve them .
We are organisms , not angels , and our brains are organs , not pipelines to the truth . ”
How odd that these “ imponderables ” should be just the kind of thing humankind has pondered endlessly .
Neo -Darwinism allows for hypertrophy , the phenomenon by which evolution overshoots its mark and produces some consequence not strictly useful to the ends of genetic replication , the human brain as case in point .
How strange it would be , then , that this accident , this excess , should feel a tropism toward what Pinker himself calls “ the truth . ”
Science has arrived at a cluster of hypotheses about the first instant of creation .
They attempt description , in the manner of science .
In course of time , on various grounds , one description might prove to be more satisfactory than others .
A consensus might be arrived at about the nature of a very fecund particle whose eruption became everything we know , and a great deal more beside .
We might learn at some point whether time was created together with this universe or exists independently of it .
The questions to which science in its most sophisticated forms has come would have been the imponderables of philosophy a few generations ago , of theology a few centuries ago , of religion a few millennia ago .
Why this ancient instinct for the greatest questions ?
It is striking that Pinker identifies religion with the high - order questions humankind has posed to itself from antiquity .
Then he dismisses these things as insoluble , as if that were a legitimate reason to dismiss any question .
We may never know why gravity is so much weaker than , in theory , it should be , or know if we are only one among any number of actual and potential universes .
But every real question is fruitful , as the history of human thought so clearly demonstrates .
And “ fruitful ” is by no means a synonym for “ soluble . ”
What is man ?
One answer on offer is :
An organism whose haunting questions perhaps ought not to be meaningful to the organ that generates them , lacking as it is in any means of “ solving ” them .
Another answer might be :
It is still too soon to tell .
We might be the creature who brings life on this planet to an end , and we might be the creature who awakens to the privileges that inhere in our nature — selfhood , consciousness , even our biologically anomalous craving for “ the truth ” — and enjoys and enhances them .
Mysteriously , neither possibility precludes the other .
Our nature will describe itself as we respond to new circumstances in a world that changes continuously .
So long as the human mind exists to impose itself on reality , as it has already done so profoundly , what it is and what we are must remain an open question .
In order to arrive at a parascientiﬁc view of humankind we are obliged to put to one side whatever is not to be accounted for in the apparently simple terms of genetic self - interest .
I say “ apparently simple ” because in every instance these theorists build in devices to account for the inadequacies of their theories .
The Ptolemaic model of the universe worked well enough , given certain cogs and wheels , epicycles and deferents .
Wilson and Pinker speak of the old error , that notion of a ghost in the machine , the image of the felt difference between mind and body .
But who and what is that other self they posit , the hypertrophic self who has considered the heavens since Babylon and considers them still , by elegant and ingenious means whose refinements express a formidable pressure of desire to see and know far beyond the limits of any conception of utility , certainly any neo -Darwinist conception of it ?
Who is that other self needing to be persuaded that there are more than genetic reasons for rescuing a son or daughter from drowning ?
The archaic conundrum , how a nonphysical spirit can move a physical body , only emerges in a more pointed form in these unaccountable presences whom evolution has supposedly contrived to make us mistake for ourselves .
These epigones exist because without them the theories would fail the test of comparison with human experience .
Merely shift the balance toward manifest behavior , assuming that the genes do indeed look after themselves in ways and degrees we most likely cannot yet describe , but in any case that their functioning is consistent with manifest behavior .
Then human nature , in its wholeness and complexity , is restored — as an unsolved problem , but as a phenomenon endlessly offering a very burdened testimony .
Each of us lives intensely within herself or himself , continuously assimilating past and present experience to a narrative and vision that are unique in every case yet profoundly communicable , whence the arts .
And we all live in a great reef of collective experience , past and present , that we receive and preserve and modify .
William James says data should be thought of not as givens but as gifts , this by way of maintaining an appropriate humility in the face of what we think we know .
The gifts we bring to the problem of making an ac - count of the mind are overwhelmingly rich , severally and together .
This is not an excuse for excluding them from consideration .
History and civilization are an authoritative record the mind has left , is leaving , and will leave , and objectivity deserving the name would take this record as a starting point .
The universe passed through its unimaginable first moment , first year , first billion years , wresting itself from whatever state of nonexistence , inflating , contorting , resolving into space and matter , bursting into light .
Matter condenses , stars live out their generations .
Then , very late , there is added to the universe of being a shaped stick or stone , a jug , a cuneiform tablet .
They appear on a tiny , teetering , lopsided planet , and they demand wholly new vocabularies of description for reality at every scale .
What but the energies of the universe could be expressed in the Great Wall of China , the St. Matthew Passion ?
For our purposes , there is nothing else .
Yet language that would have been fully adequate to describe the ages before the appearance of the first artifact would have had to be enlarged by concepts like agency and intention , words like “ creation , ” that would query the great universe itself .
Might not the human brain , that most complex object known to exist in the universe , have undergone a qualitative change as well ?
If my metaphor only suggests the possibility that our species is more than an optimized ape , that something terrible and glorious befell us — if this is merely another fable , it might at least encourage an imagination of humankind large enough to acknowledge some small fragment of the mystery we are .
This essay is excerpted from Absence of Mind , to be published this month by Yale University Press .
Copyright © 2010 by Marilynne Robinson .
Related : More Than Machines , by Stephen M. Barr
Anthony Domestico reviews Marilynne Robinson 's novel Home
Valerie Sayers reviews Gilead
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By David Chazan
BBC News , Paris
A disturbing French TV documentary has tried to demonstrate how well - meaning people can be manipulated into becoming torturers or even executioners .
The hugely controversial Game of Death was broadcast in prime - time on a major terrestrial channel , France 2 , on Wednesday .
It showed 80 people taking part in what they thought was a game show pilot .
As it was only a trial , they were told they would n't win anything , but they were given a nominal 40 euro fee .
Before the show , they signed contracts agreeing to inflict electric shocks on other contestants .
One by one , they were put in a studio resembling the sets of popular game shows .
They were then asked to zap a man they believed was another contestant whenever he failed to answer a question correctly - with increasingly powerful shocks of up to 460 volts .
Blind obedience Egged on by a glamorous presenter , cries of " punishment " from a studio audience and dramatic music , the overwhelming majority of the participants obeyed orders to continue delivering the shocks - despite the man 's screams of agony and pleas for them to stop .
This programme denounces manipulation by authority but at the same time it manipulates people
Marie - France Hirigoyen
Psychiatrist Eventually he fell silent , presumably because he had died or lost consciousness .
The contestants did n't know that the man , strapped in a chair inside a cubicle so they could n't see him , was really an actor .
There were no shocks and it was all an experiment to see how far they would go .
Only 16 of the 80 participants stopped before the ultimate , potentially lethal shock .
" No one expected this result , " intoned a commentary .
" Eighty per cent of the candidates went to the very end . "
The show was billed as a warning against blindly obeying authority - and a critique of reality TV shows in which participants are humiliated or hurt .
Some of the participants smiled or laughed nervously as they delivered the shocks , although most were obviously stressed and troubled by the action .
' Terrifying power '
Many said they wanted to stop but were convinced by the presenter to continue .
The show was inspired by an experiment at Yale University in the 1960s by social psychologist Stanley Milgram .
He used similar methods to investigate how people could come to take part in mass murder .
Jean - Leon Beauvois , a psychologist who took part in the documentary , says he and other members of the team spent months analysing the results .
" When they signed the contract , participants were placed in the position of executioners , " he said .
" These were people like others , not exceptional , but 80 % of them let themselves be drawn into becoming torturers . "
For Mr Beauvois , it showed the " terrifying power of TV " .
The documentary asserted that most people are conditioned from childhood to obey .
It made the argument that only those with experience of rebelling can muster the strength to disobey orders from an authority figure - in this case the presenter , backed by pressure from the audience .
Manipulation
One contestant said afterwards that her grandparents had been Jewish Holocaust victims and she regretted that she 'd obeyed orders to keep inflicting shocks .
Another , originally from Romania , said her experience of living under Ceausescu 's regime had given her the strength to say no .
Some participants felt emboldened by the show , the producer says
In a studio discussion after the documentary was aired , psychiatrist Claude Halmos said the experiment showed that it was important to explain rules to children and not just impose them .
" We have to teach children to obey , " she said , " but we must also teach them to disobey . "
The producer , Christophe Nick , said the show had changed the lives of many participants .
Some , he said , had become bolder about standing up to their bosses .
But one woman who had obeyed orders was shown close to tears afterwards .
" How will I tell my husband and my children what I 've done ? " she asked .
Psychiatrist Marie - France Hirigoyen , who had no part in the documentary , said she accepted that it could help viewers understand the importance of standing up to an abusive authority , but she was concerned about its effect on participants .
" This programme denounces manipulation by authority but at the same time it manipulates people , " she told the BBC .
" I would n't have accepted this show because I think it inflicts unnecessary trauma on people , but on the other hand , to get this message across , you probably need to be sensationalist . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Stealing the show : Katy Perry 's CuteCircuit dress at first appeared demure , but was lit up from below with LED lights as she arrived at the Costume Institute Gala Benefit at The Metropolitan Museum of Art
Glow in the dark : Katy lights up the gala , as she arrives with the designer
KATY'S LED DRESS
Katy 's dress was made by London based company CuteCircuit .
CuteCircuit founders Francesca Rosella and Ryan Genz both hold Masters in Interaction Design from Interaction Design Institute Ivrea .
Francesca is an architect and graphic designer , while Ryan is an artist and anthropologist .
In 2006 their Hug Shirt was named one of the Best Inventions of the Year by Time Magazine .
Katy 's dress is a more wearable version of the design duo 's stunning Galaxy dress - a hi-tech gown embroidered with 24,000 tiny LED bulbs now on display in an American museum
The LED bulbs consume only a small amount of electricity , so can be powered by a number of small iPod batteries inside the skirt , with no danger of overheating .
The designers use the smallest full - colour LEDs available .
These are flat like paper and measure only 2 mm in length .
The circuits are extra -thin and flexible and hand - embroidered on to a layer of silk to allow them to stretch .
The controls for Katy 's dress were inside her bra !
Concealed rows of fairy lights gave the CuteCircuit design a fluorescent aura at the star - studded event , which attracts the toast of New York society .
It was the best possible advert for CuteCircuit , a fashion company based in London that designs wearable technology .
As Katy walked down the red carpet all eyes were on the glowing singer , who accessorised with Christian Louboutin shoes and Lorraine Schwartz jewels .
She was attending the Costume Institute Gala Benefit to celebrate the opening of the American Woman : Fashioning a National Identity exhibition at The Metropolitan Museum of Art .
CuteCircuit are no strangers to hi-tech fashion .
In 2006 their Hug Shirt was named one of the Best Inventions of the Year by Time Magazine .
Katy 's dress is a more wearable version of the design duo Francesca Rosella and Ryan Genz 's stunning Galaxy dress - a hi-tech gown embroidered with 24,000 tiny LED bulbs now on display in an American museum .
Francesca is an architect and graphic designer , while artist and anthropologist Ryan has worked as art director for Signal Interactive and ASAP Media Services in the U.S. States .
In 2006 their Hug Shirt was named one of the Best Inventions of the Year by Time Magazine .
Katy said : ' I feel like I really have to represent those girls that just go for it and do their own thing and , you know , have their own bit of spontaneity and self confidence , ' she said .
' I think sometimes in fashion it can get a little stuffy so I wanted to lighten up !'
And she told Us magazine she controlled the lights with a switch inside her bra .
' I love it , it 's so much fun , ' she said .
' I have this thing in my bra .
I do n't know if that 's a good place for it or not . '
Not one day after General Motors said they 'd found a mysterious technology partner to help extend the Chevy Volt 's futuristic OnStar functionality do anonymous sources step in ( as usual ) to ruin the surprise .
Though we thought RIM made a fine contender , Motor Trend says it 's actually Google that 'll reportedly " sell its Android operating system for in - car use . "
Last we heard , Google was n't in the business of selling Android , but that would n't stop GM from using the open - source OS anyhow -- in fact , we already knew Android cars were on the way , and one 's already in production .
Let 's just hope GM does n't take the integration too far : we fear the day will come when our " engine " app spontaneously decides to force close .
Since edging out WalMart in 2008 to become the top music retailer , Apple has increased its lead with iTunes and is now outselling both Walmart and second place BestBuy combined , while handling more than half of all digital music sales in the US .
According to a report published by Billboard , Apple 's share of music sales increased by more than five percentage points , from 21.4 % in 2008 to 26.7 % last year .
That 's more than double the 12.7 % share of the US music market iTunes took in 2007 , when the iPhone was first announced .
i Tunes vs Mobile Ringtones
Apple 's expansion in digital sales was observed despite a collective decline in sales among mobile providers .
Music sales by Verizon Wireless , Sprint Nextel , T - Mobile , and AT&T fell from 6.6 % in 2008 to 4.9 % last year , deflating the optimism that cellular providers would deliver the next big market for music , primarily thorough sales of ringtones .
Apple 's introduction of lower priced ringtones and free tools within iTunes that enable users to create their own ringtones may likely have played a part in stalling the growth of the $ 2 - 3 per ringtone business being pushed by mobile providers .
Continued decline of physical media music
Outside of digital sales , the market for music sold on physical media is in even worse shape , with CDs and other music formats sold through brick and mortal retail stores plunging from a 57.5 % share of the music market in 2008 to a 49.3 % share last year .
That allowed digital downloads to eclipse the market share of physical media in the US .
Half of all digital media sales occurred through Apple 's iTunes Store .
Walmart , the CD sales leader , saw its share fall from 15 % to 12.5 % over the same year period , while second place BestBuy fell from 10.7 % to 8.7 % share , despite acquiring the digital media Napster business .
Amazon vs iTunes
Amazon , which sells both CDs and digital downloads , increased its share of both markets , with its physical media sales jumping from 4.2 % to 5.8 % ( at the expense of record stores ) and its overall combined share of music sales increasing from 4.9 % to 7.1 % .
Amazon 's digital MP3 sales amounted to just a 1.3 % share of the market in 2009 , up from 0.8 % in 2008 , but far short of Apple 's 26.7 % share and its year over year growth in iTunes .
Billboard wrote that Amazon 's growth and share was " still well short of where major labels had hoped Amazon 's download store would be by now , dimming earlier expectations that it will be able to significantly reduce the labels ' heavy dependence on iTunes for digital sales . "
The attractiveness of Apple 's iTunes Store for music , and the inability of Amazon and other firms ( including Sony Ericsson 's " PlayNow " online service designed to compete with iTunes , or the Sony BMG / Universal Music " Total Music " service that was shuttered last year ) to steal customers away from the iPod maker 's music store offerings raises some doubts about Google 's newly announced acquisition of Simplify Media , which the company is expected to turn into an online music buying service directed at its Android users .
Google 's AdMob subsidiary reports that Android users do not buy or even download as much media as Apple 's customers .
You 'll want to touch Ubuntu in personal places - like in your kitchen or in your car .
At least that 's what Canonical hopes , as it works on architectural changes and business deals to put the Linux distro on more embedded systems .
But smartphones , the industry 's current fixation , are out of the picture .
Canonical is looking at Ubuntu for in - car systems , tablets , set - top - boxes , and what director of business development Chris Kenyon called " the digital home or something you carry around " .
" We 're not thinking about the phone base , " Keynon said when he spoke to The Register recently .
The focus of all this is Ubuntu Core - Ubuntu Linux minus the familiar interface , but with kernel , middleware and a user - interface framework that lets those building devices offer their own screens instead .
A pivotal move towards a ubiquitous Ubuntu Core was the inclusion of support for Open Multimedia Application Platform ( OMAP ) 3 in the standard image of Ubuntu 10.04 , which debuted last month .
OMAP 3 is the Texas Instruments platform used , for example , in devices from Nokia and Samsung .
Keynon told us he expects support for other architectures and variants of ARM to grow during the next 12 months .
He did not provide further details , but he works closely with companies building computers and other devices running Ubuntu .
" We are expecting to see people make announcements on set to boxes for products that will launch next year , " Kenyon said .
" Ubuntu does what you need to run on set - top - boxes , but the actual products have a longer product lifecycle in design , build and launch . "
Another major move is the addition of touch support in Ubuntu 10.04 .
It 's not yet at the API level , so you can't really do finger - based input without a lot of additional work , but it 's aimed at hardware makers working with Ubuntu .
Some people have been adding touch to Ubuntu since at least Hardy Heron in 2008 .
Canonical wants to eliminate the deep programming work and make building with touch more accessible to application and device makers .
" In 10.10 [ due in October ] , you will see a big push that will make Ubuntu Core a fantastic platform , " Kenyon promised .
Also pushing Ubuntu down this road is the Unity interface , unveiled at the Ubuntu Developer Summit this week .
The interface re-orientates the Linux distro's interface so that the dock runs down the left - hand - side of the screen while offering a launch menu for frequently - accessed applications .
This can be worked using the fattest of fingers - or so Canonical will hope .
Okay , menu down the side is not news for the Mac or PC , but it comes as Ubuntu 10.04 has closed the gap on both platforms .
Unity is also the basis for Ubuntu Light , which promises to get you online and Facebooking less than 10 seconds after start up .
Ubuntu Light is stripped down to just chat , IM , browser and media player , and it uses what Canonical calls a " non traditional " file system to speed things up .
Touch screens on PCs and smartphones ?
That 's one thing .
But embedded systems are arguably more important , considering the market covers everything from computers in cars to TVs that deliver on - demand programming to low - cost disposable gadgets for surfing the web or keeping the kids quiet .
And now , it looks like Ubuntu is pushing hard on a touch door opened in the smartphone and PC world by Apple with the iPhone and , um , Microsoft with Windows 7 .
And though smartphones are n't on the cards for Canonical , the company does believe you 'll be talking to Ubuntu in the future as well as touching it .
" I think people are seeing just how compelling touch interfaces can be .
We have to believe that mobile computing will not be tethered to places where you only have a keyboard , and both voice and touch will have a very strong part to play in that , " Kenyon said .
" It throws down many , many challenges to developers , designers and UI experts to rethink the way people interact with programs .
People are really starting to get their heads around that in leaps and bounds . " ®
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 20/5/2010 ( 3786 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
WINNIPEG - Winnipeg
Police are no longer using photo radar in construction zones marked with speed reductions signs " when workers are present . "
Photo radar will not be used in construction zones that have signs indicating a maximum speed " when workers are present , " police said in a release today .
PHIL .HOSSACK@FREEPRESS.MB.CA
Photo radar will still be used in construction zones where speed limits are marked with signs like this one .
Instead of photo radar , speed limits will be enforced using " traditional enforcement methods ( police officers ) , " polices said .
Photo radar will still be used around two other types of construction sites :
On streets that normally have posted speeds of 70 , 80 or 90 km / h where speed limits will be reduced 24 hours per day , seven days per week , for the entire duration of the project .
For example , on Bishop Grandin Boulevard westbound between Lagimodiere Boulevard and Island Shore Boulevard .
In these areas , speed limits are marked with a sign such as " Maximum 60 km / h . "
The beginning of the construction zone is marked with a " Roadwork " sign , and the end of the zone has a " Construction Ends " sign .
In these areas , speed limits are marked with a sign such as " Maximum 60 km / h . "
The beginning of the construction zone is marked with a " Roadwork " sign , and the end of the zone has a " Construction Ends " sign .
On streets posted with 50 or 60 km/h speed limits , where the speed limit is not changed .
These zones are also signed with the " Roadwork " and " Construction Ends " signs like on the higher speed routes .
However , on these lower speed streets the existing posted speeds are acceptable during construction and therefore are not changed .
Online Privacy : Your Life Is an Open Book People search engines bring all your information to one place for anyone to see .
May 28 , 2010  --
For a $ 2.95 a month subscription on Spokeo.com , anyone can find your name , age , ethnicity , marital status , religion , politics , address , home phone number , mobile phone number , e-mail address , social networking profiles , photos , videos and blogs .
The website uses an algorithm to search public databases , so the information is only as accurate as the sources , but many may be surprised by the amount of accurate information available online .
As opposed to social networks , people search engines like Spokeo.com do not require you to sign up for anything in order for your information to be found .
Search yourself on Spokeo.com and you may be surprised to find how much information is available to anyone with a computer and a modem .
Although public records have always made certain information available , the Internet age , and the subsequent rise of social networks , has increased the ease with which people can track down general , and personal , information about you .
But are these sites also a new tool for scammers and identity thieves ?
Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel 's office released a consumer alert about Spokeo on May 7 .
" The difference with these web sites is that information from a variety of disparate sources is aggregated , collated , and presented in one place .
It 's like pieces of a puzzle put together .
The result is that consumers enjoy less privacy , and that is understandably shocking , " the AG said on its website .
" The reason we singled out [ Spokeo ] is we received numerous inquiries from consumers , " Arkansas Deputy Attorney General Jim DePriest told ABC News , although he made clear that Spokeo is one of many sites that aggregate personal information .
" Consumers are a little taken aback that this information is available in one place , and they feel that their privacy has been invaded , so we are responding to those fears . "
Is Online Privacy a Misnomer ?
Spokeo co-founder Harrison
Tang believes that Facebook chose not to simply retract the public information in question because people want to share their information online .
" There is such a dilemma between sharing someone 's information and hiding information .
You cannot have both , " responds Tang .
" The more information people share , obviously the more connected they are .
The less people share , the more isolated people will be .
From our statistics , and our studies on the web , we believe , and we think Facebook and MySpace believe , that the web is becoming more people - centric . "
Security experts believe that although people search engines provide publically available information and are not acting illegally , they are making it much easier for identity thieves to steal your information .
" From our perspective , it is concerning because it makes it so simple for thieves , " Lifelock CEO Todd Davis told ABC News .
" It is not against the law , the information is already public , and these sites will tell you they are helping you find data about yourself , but the reality is about making the data readily and easily available to sell … these kinds of sites , as well as peer to peer file sharing sites , are factors in rising numbers of identity theft . "
Davis estimates that identity theft is a $ 50 billion a year industry .
The nature of identity fraud means that your information , once stolen , can be dispersed quickly .
" Part of the challenge is that a lot of identity theft starts in places like Nigeria and Prague , but they are not the ones to commit the crime , " says Davis .
" They get the data , go to the online black market of thousands of chat rooms that work like an eBay for identity information .
It is not like selling a car , when I have your information , I can sell it as many times as I want . "
' No way !
They would n't allow that , would they ?'
Critics say making that information readily and easily available makes it simple for thieves to get crucial information .
Davis told ABC
News , " If I have one or two bits of information about you , these sites make it very easy to fill in the blanks . "
ABC News asked Spokeo 's co-founder about the criticism .
He told us , " We do not have people 's social security numbers , we do not have people 's driver 's license numbers , we do not have people 's bank account information , so I think , personally , that it is probably hard to steal people 's information . "
DePriest says that sites like Spokeo can present a risk .
" The stuff that Spokeo provides , as a general rule , is not what you need to commit identity theft , although I do n't disagree with the notion that it can speed up the process , " he told ABC News .
What is Being Done ?
" We allow you to opt out of our public searches in one step …
We realized on the first day this was a very important issue , which is why we designed this one - step opt - out privacy setting that you can do yourself , you do n't even need to contact us , it happens immediately , " says Tang .
Ultimately , says Tang , he envisions Spokeo as a way for people to control all of the public information about you on the internet .
" We are actually trying to , in a sense , make our privacy page a place where you can see where your public information comes from , and if it 's wrong , you can correct it , manage it and control this information . "
Some standards have also changes over time .
" It was n't all that long ago that if I had your name I could go down to the driver 's bureau and get all the information they had on you , which necessarily would include a phone , address and photo of you , " says DePriest .
A statute was passed to stop this process .
Protect Yourself
But , even while taking precautions , as LifeLock 's CEO put it rather ominously , " If someone wants to find you , they can . "
But , he adds , " Do n't give into fear .
We believe you can secure yourself …
You can make it hard on thieves . "
" It 's a new world out here , and you need to have new skills and new tools to survive , " says DePriest .
For resources on avoiding identity theft , you can find a link to the Federal Trade Commission 's Identity Theft site HERE
9.10 am :
More than 10 people have been killed after Israeli naval commandos boarded six aid ships in a convoy heading towards the Gaza Strip .
The fleet was carrying aid to the area , which is under a naval blockade .
Israeli troops were attacked with guns , knives and clubs when they boarded the ships after having given repeated warnings , the Israeli ministry of foreign affairs said .
" During the interception of the ships , the demonstrators onboard attacked the IDF naval personnel with live fire and light weaponry including knives and clubs , " the Israeli ministry of foreign affairs said .
" Additionally one of the weapons used was grabbed from an IDF soldier .
The demonstrators had clearly prepared their weapons in advance for this specific purpose . "
The Free Gaza movement , which is behind the flotilla , is reporting a very different version of events .
" Under darkness of night , Israeli commandoes dropped from a helicopter onto the Turkish passenger ship , Mavi Marmara , and began to shoot the moment their feet hit the deck , " the movement said on its website .
" They fired directly into the crowd of civilians asleep .
According to the live video from the ship , two have been killed , and 31 injured .
Al - Jazeera has just confirmed the numbers .
9.20 am :
Here 's the full statement from the Israel ministry of foreign affairs .
In the interests of fairness I will post the full response from the Free Gaza Movement in the next post .
Early this morning ( 31 May ) , IDF naval forces intercepted six ships attempting to break the naval blockade of the Gaza Strip .
This happened after numerous warnings from Israel and the Israel navy that were issued prior to the action .
The Israel navy requested the ships to redirect toward Ashdod where they would be able to unload their aid material which would then be transferred over land after undergoing security inspections .
During the interception of the ships , the demonstrators onboard attacked the IDF naval personnel with live fire and light weaponry including knives and clubs .
Additionally one of the weapons used was grabbed from an IDF soldier .
The demonstrators had clearly prepared their weapons in advance for this specific purpose .
As a result of this life - threatening and violent activity , naval forces employed riot dispersal means , including live fire .
According to initial reports , these events resulted in over 10 deaths among the demonstrators and numerous injured ; in addition , more than four naval personnel were injured , some from gunfire and some from various other weapons .
Two of the soldiers are moderately wounded and the remainder sustained light injuries .
All of the injured , Israelis and foreigners are currently being evacuated by helicopter to hospitals in Israel .
Reports from IDF forces on the scene are that it seems as if part of the participants onboard the ships were planning to lynch the forces .
The events are ongoing , and information will be updated as soon as possible .
Israeli naval commander , vice admiral Eliezer Marom is overseeing the events .
In the coming hours , the ships will be directed to the Ashdod port , while IDF naval forces will perform security checks in order to identify the people on board the ships and their equipment .
The IDF spokesman conveys that this event is currently unfolding and further details will be provided as soon as possible .
This IDF naval operation was carried out under orders from the political leadership to halt the flotilla from reaching the Gaza Strip and breaching the naval blockade .
The interception of the flotilla followed numerous warnings given to the organisers of the flotilla before leaving their ports as well as while sailing towards the Gaza Strip .
In these warnings , it was made clear to the organisers that they could dock in the Ashdod sea port and unload the equipment they are carrying in order to deliver it to the Gaza Strip in an orderly manner , following the appropriate security checks .
Upon expressing their unwillingness to cooperate and arrive at the port , it was decided to board the ships and lead them to Ashdod .
IDF naval personnel encountered severe violence , including use of weaponry prepared in advance in order to attack and to harm them .
The forces operated in adherence with operational commands and took all necessary actions in order to avoid violence , but to no avail .
9.24 am :
This is a rather different version of events from the Free Gaza Movement , which had two boats in the " Freedom Flotilla " :
Under darkness of night , Israeli commandoes dropped from a helicopter onto the Turkish passenger ship , Mavi Marmara , and began to shoot the moment their feet hit the deck .
They fired directly into the crowd of civilians asleep .
According to the live video from the ship , two have been killed , and 31 injured .
Al - Jazeera has just confirmed the numbers .
Streaming video shows the Israeli soldiers shooting at civilians , and our last SPOT beacon said : " HELP , we are being contacted by the Israelis . "
We know nothing about the other five boats .
Israel says they are taking over the boats .
The coalition of Free Gaza Movement ( FG ) , European Campaign to End the Siege of Gaza ( ECESG ) , Insani Yardim Vakfi ( IHH ) , the Perdana Global Peace Organisation , Ship to Gaza Greece , Ship to Gaza Sweden , and the International Committee to Lift the Siege on Gaza appeal to the international community to demand that Israel stop their brutal attack on civilians delivering vitally needed aid to the imprisoned Palestinians of Gaza and permit the ships to continue on their way .
The attack has happened in international waters , 75 miles off the coast of Israel , in direct violation of international law .
.
9.34 am :
This video has been posted to YouTube by the Israeli ministry of foreign affairs .
It appears to show an Israeli official issuing a warning to the flotilla .
9.43am :
ABC News is reporting that two Australians who were travelling on one of the aid boats have not been heard from since they were boarded .
The journalist Paul McGeough and photographer Kate Geraghty have apparently not made contact with Fairfax , the Australian media company , in the last six hours .
An Australian journalist and photographer onboard aid boats headed for the Gaza Strip have not been heard from since at least 10 people were reportedly killed during a clash with Israeli commandos .
A Fairfax spokesman says journalist Paul McGeough and photographer Kate Geraghty last made contact around noon ( AEST ) today while onboard the MV Samoud .
Israel 's defence force says at least 10 people were killed when commandos stormed a convoy of six ships carrying aid to Gaza .
It was led by a Turkish vessel with 600 people on board and set sail for Gaza from international waters off Cyprus on Sunday in defiance of an Israeli - led blockade of the territory .
9.51 am :
Sky News has posted this footage to its YouTube channel , some of which appears to have been shot on one of the ships .
The video also looks to show some of the injured .
9.59 am :
Our Jerusalem correspondent Harriet Sherwood is at a hospital in Ashkelon where she says the injured are arriving .
Sheikh Rayed Salah , leading Islamist figure among Arab citizens of Israel , undergoing emergency surgery .
He is an important man .
# flotilla
Harriet is posting regular updates on Twitter and is well worth keeping an eye on .
10.12 am :
Alison Flood reports from the Guardian Hay Festival that the Swedish author Henning Mankell is caught up in the saga .
" Mankell is believed to be on the aid convoy which was heading for Palestine .
The bestselling Swedish writer and creator of the Wallander detective series was scheduled to speak at the Hay Festival this weekend , but was forced to pull out after the flotilla was delayed as it negotiated entry into Israeli waters .
He was set to be beamed in live from the boat for an evening appearance on Saturday evening with Egyptian novelist Ahdaf Soueif and interviewer Jon Snow , but the link did n't work ; festival organisers called him numerous times but failed to connect . "
10.18 am :
Israel 's ministry of foreign affairs has updated its account of the clash on its website .
The ministry says pistols were found on two activists .
" According to reports from sea , on board the flotilla that was seeking to break the maritime closure on the Gaza Strip , IDF forces apprehended two violent activists holding pistols .
The violent activists took these pistols from IDF forces and apparently opened fire on the soldiers as evident by the empty pistol magazines . "
Israel says more than four naval personnel were injured , " some from gunfire and some from various other weapons " .
Two of the soldiers are moderately wounded , the minstry says , and the two others sustained light injuries .
.
10.27am :
This video from al - Jazeera English , who had a correspondent on one of the ships , appears to show troops boarding a vessel .
10.38 am :
A source from the Free Gaza Movement has told the Guardian that 19 people are believed dead .
There were 27 Britons on board the ships , the contact says , including Sarah Colvin from the Palestine Solidarity Campaign and Kevin Ovenden .
Apparently the Britons are mostly on the Turkish ships , which the source says were attacked in international waters , not Israeli waters , which they say is technically an act of piracy .
There were eight ships in the flotilla , three of which the Free Gaza source names as 8,000 – a reference to the number of Palestinians in Israeli jails – Freedom and Rachel Corrie .
Three of the ships were from turkey , paid for by the main Turkish charity , IHH , three were from Greece , while one sailed from Ireland and the final ship possibly came from Algeria .
The dead possibly including Sheikh Ra'ed Salah , the leader of the Islamic movement in Israel , according to the source , who says all contact with the ships is now lost .
10.44am :
Estimates of the number of people dead are varying – some sources saying 10 , others 16 , some 19 .
Here 's Harriet Sherwood 's piece from Ashdod , where some of the boats are reported to be arriving .
10.54am :
Alison Flood has just spoken to Mikael Löfgren , spokesman for the ship Henning Mankell is on :
" We have n't heard from them since 5 this morning Swedish time , " Löfgren said .
" They were telling us then about the israeli soldiers climbing into the neighbouring ship , and they heard shooting aboard it .
I was not speaking to Henning but to one of his friends .
The Swedish ship was attacked a bit later , 10 - 15 minutes later .
The whole attack was done between 4 - 5 o'clock Swedish time .
" " We do n't know what 's happened since .
When the ships were attacked the Israelis cut off all communications and we have n't heard from them since .
As we speak I can see the ships coming into the harbour of Ashdod [ on television ] so I presume that 's them . "
" We do n't know if they 're alright [ including Mankell in that ] .
The numbers of the killed and wounded are rising all the time .
The latest information is talking about 19 deaths .
It 's a really awful thing . "
10.59 am :
Declan Walsh , the Guardian 's foreign correspondent for Pakistan and Afghanistan , emails :
The Pakistani foreign ministry has issued a statement expressing concern about the fate of one of the country 's best - known television journalists , Talat Hussain , who 's on board the flotilla , along with a local peace activist .
Hussain 's employer , Aaj television , says it has n't heard from him since 6 am ( Pakistan time ) .
Declan says Pakistan and Israel " do not have diplomatic relations – in fact you can't even find Israel 's code in the phonebooks here " .
Here 's the full statement from Pakistan :
The government of Pakistan strongly condemns the use of brazen force by Israel against a humanitarian mission that was embarked on delivering humanitarian aid to the Palestinian people in Gaza .
The killing of members of this humanitarian mission , which also included women , is brutal , inhuman and constitutes a flagrant violation of international law and norms .
The government of Pakistan is seriously concerned over the well - being and whereabouts of the Pakistani citizens and media personnel including Syed Talat Hussain and Raza Mahmood Agha who were on board the flotilla bound for Gaza .
The foreign ministry is in constant touch with its missions in the region to ascertain the well - being of our nationals .
11.04am :
Israel has advised its citizens to avoid travel to Turkey following " massive protests " there , Associated Press is reporting .
" The Monday advisory instructs Israelis already in Turkey to keep a low profile and avoid crowded downtown areas , " the news agency said .
It adds that Turkey is just an hour 's flight away and is a popular holiday destination for Israelis .
11.08 am :
Ben Folley has emailed to point out that I 've erred in my 10.38 am post , naming a couple of Britons on board .
Sarah Colvin should read Sarah Colborne – she is director of campaigns at the Palestine Solidarity Campaign .
Kevin Ovenden is from the Viva Palestina charity .
11.19 am :
@justicentric has got in touch on Twitter to point me to this raw footage of scenes on one of the ships .
If you 've spotted anything you think I should be including in here , or if there 's an angle or aspect you want us to follow up , give me a shout on Twitter @adamgabbatt or email adam.gabbatt@guardian.co.uk
11.29am :
The Los Angeles Times is reporting that there were around 10,000 demonstrators marching in Turkey , some of whom tried to storm Israel 's consulate building in Istanbul .
Their article has a good round up of reaction from around the globe , here 's a snippet :
In Jordan , hundreds demonstrated in the capital , Amman , to protest the Israeli action and demand that their government breaks diplomatic relations with the Jewish state .
The Israeli ambassadors in Sweden , Spain , Denmark and Greece were summoned for meetings , and the French foreign minister called for an investigation .
Activists from all of those European countries were on board the flotilla .
Besides swift , angry reaction from the Palestinians , strong condemnation came from the United Nations and the European Union .
Greece suspended a military exercise with Israel , and the Arab League called an emergency meeting .
The United Nations expressed " shock " and condemned the killings .
" We are in contact with the Israeli authorities to express our deep concern and to seek a full explanation , " said a statement from the highest - ranking UN official in the region , Robert Serry .
11.34am :
The diplomatic row has stepped up a gear , with Turkey announcing it has withdrawn its ambassador to Israel , according to Turkey 's state - run agency .
Associated Press is also reporting that the Turkish deputy prime minister has announced Turkey is cancelling military drills with Israel .
More soon .
11.45 am :
@martin_eve @adamgabbatt " could we have some coverage on the fact that # Israel and # flotilla are not showing as trending topics on Twitter .
Censorship ? "
There 's quite a discussion of this going on on Twitter , with a lot of people suggesting using # FreedomFlotilla as the tag for posts .
Flotilla certainly does n't appear in the Twitter trending lists , but some users are suggesting it can't become a trending topic as ' Flotilla ' is a registered Twitter account :
@MoneyMunot " twitter ai n't blocking it ... @flotilla is a twitter account , registered in NY / Montreal , that 's why it can't trend ... "
Not sure if that is true or not .
I seem to remember Twitter accounts trending before .
Suggestions welcome
11.53am :
@scordale @adamgabbatt
" Did you notice if you search # flotilla it comes up with ' technical problem ' why is this , are we being censored ?
Worrying . "
Just tried the search for # flotilla myself and it does n't seem to be working .
And lots of people pointing out on Twitter that @freedomflotilla is a registered user , but is still trending .
Are #flotilla posts being restricted ?
11.57am :
My colleague Maev Kennedy emails :
In a statement this morning , the Irish minister for foreign affairs , Micheál Martin , said he was " gravely concerned " over the incident .
He said the department was seeking to confirm the safety of the eight Irish nationals who sailed with the Turkish led flotilla .
" The reports of up to 15 people killed and 50 injured , if confirmed , would constitute a totally unacceptable response by the Israeli military to what was a humanitarian mission attempting to deliver much needed supplies to the people of Gaza . "
12.32 pm :
The foreign secretary , William Hague , has called on the government of Israel to open all crossings for aid to enter Gaza and deplored the loss of life during the interception of the Gaza flotilla .
" ‪‪I deplore the loss of life during the interception of the Gaza flotilla .
Our embassy is in urgent contact with the Israeli government .
We are asking for more information and urgent access to any UK nationals involved .‪ ‪
We have consistently advised against attempting to access Gaza in this way , because of the risks involved .
But at the same time , there is a clear need for Israel to act with restraint and in line with international obligations .
It will be important to establish the facts about this incident , and especially whether enough was done to prevent deaths and injuries .
‪
This news underlines the need to lift the restrictions on access to Gaza , in line with UNSCR 1860 .
The closure is unacceptable and counter - productive .
There can be no better response from the international community to this tragedy than to achieve urgently a durable resolution to the Gaza crisis .
I call on the government of Israel to open the crossings to allow unfettered access for aid to Gaza , and address the serious concerns about the deterioration in the humanitarian and economic situation and about the effect on a generation of young Palestinians‪ . "
In other news , I am being ridiculed by colleagues for being a crazed conspiracy theorist ( see 11.53 am ) .
Apologies .
Here 's the Guardian 's Charles Arthur , someone who actually knows what he 's talking about , on why # flotilla was n't trending .
12.45 pm :
The Stop the War coalition is organising a protest outside Downing Street at 2 pm today .
" Yet another act of Israeli barbarism as its forces storm one of the seven ships on the international flotilla taking aid to Gaza , where Israel 's illegal seige is starving Palestinians of essential resources .
At least 20 activists on board are reported to have been killed by Israeli forces .
Please join the emergency demonstration today if you can .
Publicise it as widely as possible by email , text , Facebook , Twitter etc . "
We 'll have more on that as it happens .
12.53 pm :
I 've just spoken to the brother of Jamal Elshayyal , a 25 - year - old producer for al - Jazeera English who was reporting from one of the ships when it was boarded .
Abdul Rahman , 31 , says his family have not been able to contact Jamal since the clashes .
The family have been speaking to the Foreign Office , but have been unable to find out if Jamal is safe .
Abdule says you can see Jamal briefly in one of the videos below .
Writing a longer post now .
1.20 pm :
The shadow Foreign Secretary David Miliband , has issued a statement saying he is " deeply concerned by the incidents overnight . "
Full text :
As I said in the House of Commons last week , a policy of neglect of Gaza is bound to fail .
The terrible death toll of the last 24 hours and the consequences for international relations demonstrate the urgency of international action in support of UN Resolution 1860 .
I fully support the European Union 's call for a full investigation into this most recent incident .
The killing of innocent civilians is always to be condemned .
The humanitarian suffering in Gaza is completely unjustified and self defeating for all those concerned with political progress in the Middle East .
Vital supplies must be allowed into Gaza and the futile loss of civilian lives in this tragedy only increases that requirement .
My thoughts are with the families of those who have been killed and injured .
My thoughts are also with the future of the Middle East .
The UK is a member of the United Nations Security Council and the European Union .
It is vital that we make our voice heard both in respect of this immediate incident and for a comprehensive drive for peace .
That is what I look for the Government urgently to provide .
1.29 pm :
Alison Flood has learnt that the Irish activist Caoimhe Butterly was in the flotilla .
Alison is at Hay festival , where she 's been speaking to the barrister Michael Mansfield .
" The main thing is that it was done in international waters which is illegal , " he said .
" And it was not a convoy carrying military personnel .
Israel does exactly what it wants and nobody lifts a finger .
It 's absolutely outrageous . "
He pointed to an article in the Guardian in December by Nick Clegg , in
which the deputy PM said that the international community has got to do something if Israel does n't end the blockade .
" I 'm afraid he 's got to be put on the spot when Philippe Sands interviews him [ at Hay ] , " Mansfield said .
" Never mind the Iraq war - this is far more serious . "
The Sauce news blog has posted a piece saying pressure is mounting on Clegg , given his article , which appeared in Comment is Free last year .
" The question this afternoon - as hundreds of protesters head to Downing Street to demand Government action - is whether Nick Clegg will sit on his hands in a further humiliating compromise with his new Conservative masters , " the piece says .
1.36 pm :
Ian Black , the Guardian 's Middle East editor writes :
Commentators in Israel have drawing parallels between the Gaza flotilla incident and a similar case in 1988 .
It was the second year of the first Palestinian intifada and the PLO leader Yasser Arafat , organized a group of Palestinian refugees and international supporters to board a " refugee ship " in Cyprus .
The ship was given the symbolic name " al - Awda " ( The Return ) .
The plan was to sail it to an Israeli port , forcing Israel either to sink or board the ship or let it land its refugees demanding their " right of return . "
Large numbers of journalists and observers were also on hand .
On February 14 , the night before the ship was due to set sail , it was mysteriously blown up in Limassol harbour .
Responsibility for the sinking was never claimed but it was reported later that it was the work of an Israeli naval commando unit called Flotilla 13 .
" It 's not enough to be right , " pundit Yoni Ben-Menachem told Israel Radio today .
" You have to be smart as well . "
1.49 pm :
I 've just spoken to Lauren Booth , sister of Cherie Blair , who was on the first ever Free Gaza mission that left from Cyprus in August 2008 .
She 's calling for the Foreign Office to expell Israeli diplomats , pending a full inquiry .
Booth has been helping the Free Gaza movement since 2008 , and knows " dozens and dozens " on the boats .
Booth says she 's " worried sick " about the protestors .
" I woke this morning to a voice message from my friend Osama , who said ' We 're being apporoached by two Israeli naval ships and we 're about to be aggressively boarded , please help ' . "
" I have friends there who I do n't know if they 're dead or alive , " Booth said .
" What we should be concentrating on is getting the British government to tell families the names of the dead , the names of the injured and taking action to ensure the safety and well being of everybody else on board .
" The only weapons taken onto that ship were taken by the Israeli military , who boarded them between 3.30 and 4.30 am , when unarmed people were asleep .
Booth said the flotilla was populated by " normal people from around the world " .
" We had some parliamentarians , there are doctors there are nurses , there are teachers .
" These are people who 've chosen to leave their everyday lives to do something good for humanity and this is what they 've been met with . "
1.55 pm :
More on the Israeli government warning its citizens not to travel to Turkey : the Jerusalem Post is reporting the Israeli Counter Terrorism Bureau has said " violent outbreaks " are likely against Israelis .
" In response to the events surrounding the protest flotilla , there are growing protests by the government and public in Turkey , " the National Security Council Counter - Terrorism Bureau said .
" This delicate state of affairs is liable to deteriorate into violent outbreaks against Israelis in Turkey . "
2.02 pm :
The Guardian 's Jack Shenker sends this from Egypt :
" Demonstrations have broken out in the streets around the foreign ministry in the capital , currently a few hundred strong and including a number of opposition MPs and pro-democracy activist groups .
Egypt 's government has condemned the attack and reportedly summoned the Israeli ambassador for talks . "
Two Egyptian
MPs were reportedly on the flotilla , we 're trying to find out more details .
2.35 pm :
Hundreds of people are gathering outside Downing Street .
@jogillette , who has been tremendously helpful all day , has pointed me to this video by Sally Sami of the demonstration .
If you 're out demonstrating in London , or anywhere else for that matter , get in touch .
You can Twitter at me @adamgabbatt or email adam.gabbatt@guardian.co.uk .
Videos / pictures / accounts all welcome .
2.51 pm :
The Israeli Defence Force has released footage that it says shows IDF naval personnel being attacked as they board one of the ships in the flotilla .
" Reports from IDF forces on the scene are that it seems as if part of the participants onboard the ships were planning to lynch the forces , " the IDF said .
This is disputed by people close to those in the fleet .
3.20 pm :
Bit of a round up .
Israel 's prime minister has expressed his support for the military 's action .
Benjamin Netanyahu's office says he spoke Monday to top Israeli diplomatic and security officials by telephone from Canada and voiced his " full backing " for the military .
Meanwhile , Netanyahu has cancelled a planned visit to the White House to deal with the Gaza crisis .
The prime minister was set to travel to Washington to meet with President Barack Obama on Tuesday , but his office says he has now decided to return home early .
Earlier the Obama administration voiced concern about the events .
White House spokesman Bill Burton said the United States " deeply regrets the loss of life and injuries sustained " in the incident .
Burton said administration officials are " currently working to understand the circumstances surrounding this tragedy . "
Earlier around 10,000
Turks marched in protest from the Israeli consulate in Istanbul to a main square , chanting , " Murderous Israel you will drown in the blood you shed ! "
Israel has warned citizens not to travel to Turkey , saying there is a risk of them being attacked .
The protesters earlier tried to storm the Consulate building but were blocked by police .
Around 1,000 people have been demonstrating in Jordan 's capital , Amman , calling for their government to cut diplomatic ties with Israel , AP is reporting .
The news agency says smaller protests have erupted in capitals across the Middle East as well as in the Bosnian capital Sarajevo , the Greek city of Thessaloniki and the Pakistani city of Karachi .
Protests are underway in London at the moment , more on those shortly .
3.32 pm :
@ MadamMiaow has pointed me to a blogpost from Kevin Ovenden , a Briton from the Viva Palestina charity who was on the Mavi Marmara in the flotilla ( see 11.08 am ) .
Ovenden appears to have been writing as Israel boats approached the flotilla .
We are 90 miles away from land - 22 miles further than the Israeli decided 68 mile exclusion zone - but are being approached by an Israeli vessel . [...]
This is a very serious situation , and we are calling on everyone to play their part in helping ensure their safety , and that the aid reaches Gaza without difficulty .
Full article here .
3.44 pm :
Lots of people tweeting from the London protest , thanks for the contributions .
The demonstrators are now marching to the Israeli embassy , it seems .
Unconfirmed reports that over 1,000 people have turned out to protest .
Here 's a selection of updates from people in the crowd .
@underattack86 @adamgabbatt protesting in London , huge turn - out !
About to march on the embassy .
Police looking edgy ...
@emilysbishop @adamgabbatt march heading to Israeli Embassy , emphatic requests by organisers for peaceful & safe protest
@ GuidoTallman @adamgabbatt London protest now left Whitehall and marching on the Israeli Embassy # gaza flotilla
@jungleline @adamgabbatt 1000 + protestors at Downing St , now marching to Israeli embassy
4.22 pm :
• Luke Harding , the Guardian 's Moscow correspondent , has sent this :
Russia has become the latest country to slam Israel 's attack on the Gaza - bound aid convoy , with Moscow this afternoon expressing its ' deep anxiety ' over the incident .
It described the assault by Israeli commandos as a ' gross ' violation of international law and called for a thorough investigation .
' Use of weapons against civilians and detaining ships in the open sea without any legal reason constitute obvious and gross violations of generally accepted legal standards , ' Russia 's foreign ministry said today in a statement .
It called for the ' earliest possible lifting of the Israeli blockade of Gaza ' and for ' practical moves to improve the humanitarian and social situation for the people of the region . '
• Giles Tremlett , for the Guardian in Madrid , emails :
A journalist from Spain 's El País newspaper , Ana Carbajosa , says she managed to speak briefly to one of the injured as he was taken from an ambulance on a stretcher in Ashdod , where the flotilla vessels are arriving .
The man , who spoke with an American accent and had a black eye but did not give his name , apparently came from the Sfendoni vessel – adding further weight to evidence that violence had also been used there .
" We are not violent .
They have used unnecessary brutality , " the man said , according to the Spanish translation of his words .
" " We are all Palestinians .
More freedom is needed . "
The El País thread on the attack has received more than 1,100 comments posted by readers – most of them outraged .
• Dorian Jones , in Turkey , has been speaking to Suat Kiniklioglu , spokesman for the Foreign Affairs Committee in the Turkish Parliament .
Kiniklioglu has issued a statement calling on the international community to work to end the embargo against Gaza .
" Turkish - Israeli relations have suffered an immeasurable blow , " the spokesman said .
" Regional players and particularly the US must step up to the plate and deal with this issue .
Otherwise we will see a serious deterioration of regional and international security with concrete repercussions for all .
" The international community 's response to this incident will be key in understanding where we are headed on this issue . "
4.43 pm :
Turkey 's prime minister has spoken for the first time since Israeli commandos boarded the flotilla , as the Assocated Press news agency reports that most of the dead are Turkish .
PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan described the fatal raid as " state terrorism . "
Speaking from Chile , he said Israel has shown that it does not want peace in the region and has violated international law .
Erdogan said Turkey will call on Nato to convene in an emergency session to discuss the incident .
It has made a similar plea to the UN Security Council .
The prime minister has cut short his Latin America tour to deal with the fall out from the deaths .
AP news agency is reporting that a high ranking naval official who spoke to reporters on a naval vessel off the coast , told journalists most of the dead were Turkish .
The official displayed a box confiscated from the boat containing switchblades , slingshots , metal balls and metal bats , it said .
" We prepared ( the soldiers ) to deal with peace activists , not to fight , " the man said , adding that most of the dead were Turkish .
AP has also spoken to a naval commano , identified only as " A " , who was one of the party who boarded vessels .
He said he and his colleagues were taken off guard by a group of Arabic - speaking men when they rappelled onto the deck .
Some of the soldiers were stripped of their helmets and equipment and thrown from the top deck to the lower deck , he told the news agency , and said some had even jumped overboard to save themselves .
At one point one of the activists seized one of the soldiers ' weapons and opened fire , the commando said .
5.06 pm :
This video , from dominickavakeb , shows part of the protest underway in London .
The demonstrators are currently gathered near the Israeli Embassy .
Here 's the latest from a couple of people sending updates from the crowd .
@lazaroumterror @adamgabbatt " Kensington High street .
Met by more protestors .
Chants of " Israeli Piracy " & " shut down the embassy " " # FreedomFlotilla
@foto8 London demo cvrg @adamgabbatt : paused near hydepark cnr .
# freedomflotilla
http://twitpic.com/1srvao ( via @tristamsparks )
Protests have taken place across Europe this afternoon , while there is a demonstration planned outside the Israeli consulate in Toronto , Canada this evening .
There are also reports of a peace vigil gathering taking place in Boston , US , tonight .
5.10 pm :
Harriet Sherwood , the Guardian 's Jerusalem correspondent , has been speaking to the relative of one of the Britons in the flotilla .
Sandra Law , the mother of Alex Harrison , a 31 - year - old British woman who was on board the Challenger 1 , claimed that the Foreign Office had " totally refused " to provide information or assistance to her family .
" They were obstructive to say the least , " said Law , 63 , from Croydon .
" We rang them last night to say the flotilla was being threatened by the Israeli navy .
They totally refused to help us . "
She added that the British Embassy in Tel Aviv " were also useless . "
" I 'm extremely worried about Alex , " she told the Guardian .
" We have no idea what has happened to her .
But she 's an experienced human rights defender and very level headed .
" I am really concerned that our government wo n't speak out over Israel .
They have said that human rights is at the heart of their foreign policy .
Well , you tell me . "
She described yesterday 's military operation as " disgusting " and " unforgivable " .
5.24 pm :
Channel 4 news is reporting that the death toll " could be as high as 19 " .
The news channel also says it has been told of violent clashes on another vessel in the flotilla .
Channel 4
News has learnt 16 people are feared dead following the clashes .
Another unconfirmed report puts the toll at 19 .
A spokesperson for " Freedom Flotilla " says three people are hurt on another boat , believed to be a joint Greek and Swedish vessel .
The captain is reportedly among the injured .
5.41 pm :
More on some of the protests around the UK – Somhairle Maguire has emailed from Northern Ireland :
A quick note to say about 400 people turned out in Belfast city centre , outside the City Hall , in protest .
Lasted around an hour , from four to five , with a few local councillors and West Belfast MP Gerry Adams in attendance .
Was a good showing for this city , especially at such short notice , this incident seems to have caused more than the usual amount of rage and disbelief .
While @elfieatlanticx writes " protest starting on princes street edinburgh , 200 estimate "
And @alexantra posts " Demonstration against Israeli attack on Gaza aid # flotilla in # Oxford : 6 pm Cornmarket Street "
6.01 pm :
The Mavi Marmara , the largest ship in the flotilla and the one that was raided last night , has docked in the port of Ashdod , Sky News is reporting .
More on that as I can get it .
6.13 pm :
Protestors in Bristol .
Image : Jon Wiltshire
@jonwiltshire has posted pictures of the Bristol Gaza protests to Flickr .
Sorry I have n't been able to use other images people have been sending – slight technical difficulties .
Associated Press is reporting that Israeli officials have said the death toll is nine with 30 wounded , after earlier saying 10 people were killed .
Apparently the revised toll came after Israel had brought all six boats in the flotilla under control .
6.27 pm :
The Guardian 's Scotland correspondent Severin Carrell emails :
A Scottish journalist and documentary film maker , Hassan Ghani , 24 , is one of the Britons on board the Turkish vessel attacked by Israeli forces .
A former Stirling university student from the west end of Glasgow , he was seen broadcasting for the satellite station PressTV as the commandos took control of the ship .
In footage shown on YouTube , Ghani said : " This is the Mavi Marmara , Hassan Ghani reporting for PressTV .
We 've had several injuries here ; one is critical .
He has been injured in the head and we think he may die if he does n't receive medical treatment urgently .
" Another person being passed in front of me right now has been seriously injured .
We being hit by tear gas , stun grenades .
We 've navy ships on either side .
We 're being attacked from every single side .
This is international waters and not Israeli waters , not in the 68 mile exclusion zone .
We 're being attacked in international waters completely illegally . "
His father , Haq Ghani , a businessman who runs an Islamic information service called Noah 's Ark , told the BBC he had asked the foreign office for news about his son but had been told anything .
" I am extremely angry , dismayed and shocked upon hearing about the deplorable loss of life upon the peace flotilla , as a result of typically disproportionate and aggressive actions by the Israeli Defence Forces , " he said .
" On a personal note , my family and I are fraught with worry for our son .
On his last posting on Facebook he made mention that Israeli ships were spotted on the radar and since then we have heard nothing from him . "
Severin says you can see Hassan in the YouTube video I posted at 11.19 am – he appears from around 19 seconds in .
6.57 pm :
That 's all from me for today .
Thanks so much for all contributions , sorry I could n't use everything I was sent .
The Israeli Defence Force has said nine are dead following last night 's events .
It has posted another video to YouTube showing Israeli naval commandoes descending onto one of the ships in the flotilla .
We 'll carry on posting and updating the website with the latest through the night , as ( hopefully ) members of the flotilla are able to get in touch with their home countries and families , so keep checking back .
In the meantime here 's a background on the Free Gaza movement , and more information on the blockade .
There 's also more from Ian Black , the Guardian 's Middle East editor , on the diplomatic implications for Israel .
Thanks again .
" The third is the one that we are very interested in , " Mr. Weiner said .
This is " social " or " community " searching , in which each attempt to find the right restaurant listing , medical advice site , vacation tip or other bit of information takes advantage of other people 's successes and failures in locating the same information .
The idea that human judgment can improve a search engine 's automatic findings is hardly new .
From the dawn of the Web 's history -- that is , over the last 15 years -- companies have invented tools to help users assess the quality and relevance of information , often by relying on others ' opinions .
Examples include Amazon 's user reviews , eBay 's feedback ratings and " trusted networks " created on many sites .
What is different is Yahoo's systematic plan to build " community intelligence " into nearly all aspects of its operation -- and in turn , to entice users to spend more and more of their time on Yahoo sites , where they can see Yahoo ads .
The clearest example , of many I heard about , can be seen at http://myweb2.search.yahoo.com, the beta version of a new search site .
A query from this page will return results from three sources .
One is " My Web , " or pages each user has marked and asked Yahoo to save for later reference .
( These pages are saved by Yahoo itself , on its servers , and do n't gum up your own machine . )
Another is " Everyone 's Web , " the general Internet .
Finally , there is " My Community 's Web , " pages marked as interesting or valuable by members of a social network .
Thus , a search for information on new cars would bring up normal Web results , but also listings you had seen and wanted to retain , as well as friends ' advice on brands and dealers they had tried .
Setting up a social network to provide advice can take time .
But Caterina Fake , one of the founders of Flickr and now a Yahoo executive , pointed out that virtually everyone under 30 had already created such networks .
What about those not young or hip enough to have done so yet ?
Eventually , according to Ms. Fake , more users would create networks as the process became easier and more worthwhile .
Mr. Nazem said , " We 're really about getting the average consumer to move their lives online . "
Why should Yahoo's community intelligence be better than others ' half - successful earlier attempts ?
This is where its argument about scale comes in .
" It is a key strength that our community is so large , " said Mr. Semel , who has seen Yahoo's user base double in his four years as chief executive .
With hundreds of millions of users , there is critical mass to create social networks that cover most locations and interests -- for instance , a large and active user group among women in the United Arab Emirates .
VAST scale presents its challenges .
" You can think about the way people will interact , as you sit in the usability lab , but until you put it in front of very large numbers of real people , you do n't really know , " Ms. Fake said .
" So you have to release products early and often , like perpetual beta . "
