if you asked Ben 's brain about gaming , this is what it would say
Braunstein : the Roots of Roleplaying Games
In 2005 I was standing near the registration booths at GenCon , flipping through the event catalog while the posse debated where to go first .
I had already scoured the listings online , but as I glanced across the pages I spotted a word I had somehow missed before : Braunstein .
I knew what Braunstein was ( sort of ) so I dragged my whole crew to the far , far outer reaches of the con , to a seminar in a very quiet room with very few attendants .
And we sat , and we listened .
What did I know that made me drag them all that way ?
I knew that Braunstein was the world ’s first roleplaying game .
Ever .
Most gamers have never heard of Braunstein .
Sad but true .
In the hierarchy of self - awareness you ’ll find the circle of gamers who know what D&D is ( a very , very large circle ) , then inside of that is the circle of gamers who know what Greyhawk is ( large but smaller ) , and inside that the circle who knows what Blackmoor is ( smaller still ) .
And then in the very center , vanishingly small , are the people who ’ve heard of Braunstein .
Which is a pity , because Braunstein is the granddaddy of them all .
Major Wesely : The First GM
“ French Lancer Colonel .
His unit is hiding off the board at ( B ) .
He has infiltrated the town in civilian clothes to check out its defenses , and been arrested during the student riot last night .
Starts in jail . ”
– Braunstein 1
Once upon a time , tabletop gaming meant wargaming .
Roleplaying games did not exist yet .
Wargamers met and played out famous battles , recreating the last moments of Acre or the charge at Crecy and seeing if maybe with skill and clever tactics they could alter the course of history .
Major David
Wesely took his usual wargaming group and tried something a little different .
Instead of having them command armies he set down the two opposing leaders in a Prussian town before the battle , their troops nearby but not on stage .
To give the other players something to do he let them control other people around town : the Mayor , a school Chancellor , some revolutionary students , etc .
The humble town was the eponymous Braunstein , “ brown stone ” in German .
With that one small shift , playing your guy instead of moving your guy ’s armies , Major Wesely and his players took a step into roleplaying .
No , Major Wesely was n’t a Major back then .
And no he was n’t called a GM or a DM , because Game Masters or Dungeon Masters did n’t exist yet .
But a GM is exactly what he was — the very first GM .
Try , Try Again
If you jumped in a time machine and asked Major Wesely how the first Braunstein game went , he would tell you it was a failure .
A total mess .
In what was to become a familiar pattern to all GMs that came after him , he had prepared a game that he expected to go a certain way but once the players got their hands on it all hell broke loose .
People running all over the place having secret meetings in corners , planning things the referee knew nothing about — total chaos .
A referee ’s nightmare .
To his surprise the players demanded more .
So be it , thought not - yet - Major Wesely , but this time there will be order !
Again setting a precedent that GMs would follow for generations to come , he clamped down with an iron fist to prevent the unpredictable chaos that had ( he thought ) ruined his game .
Careful monitoring of player interactions !
Limited communications !
Basically eliminating all the things the players liked .
The history books tell us the next two Braunstein games were met with weeping and gnashing of teeth .
The players were not pleased .
They missed the freedom of the first Braunstein game .
And so still - not - yet Major Wesely prepared Braunstein 4 .
He moved the venue to a tropical dictatorship , complete with secret police , student revolutionaries , corrupt treasury ministers , and the grand leader El Hefe himself — a full - blown banana republic .
On paper Braunstein 4 looked like a wargame or a boardgame .
Most of the players controlled units ( army , the inland navy or the secret police ) and filled out order sheets to send them places each turn .
Want to take over the radio station ?
Send some soldiers !
And it might have stayed that way , except for the nefarious wiles of one player : Dave Arneson .
Dave Arneson : Gamer Ex Nihilo
“ Peaceful revolutionary .
Gets points for printing and delivering leaflets to each of his revolutionaries , and more for handing them out to other civilians ( who may be agents or guerrillas of course … ) .
Starts at home . ( B - 4 ) ”
– Braunstein 4 , Banana Republic
When you started gaming you read all these books , and they told you you could be a cleric or a thief or an elf ( or a vampire or a Prince of Amber ) and they told you you should probably pick a caller and set up a marching order and listen at doors and all that other stuff .
You marched your character around and talked in funny voices .
Sooner or later you may have realized that the rules did n’t drive the game , your imagination did .
But what if you never had any of those books ?
What if no one had ever explained to you what roleplaying was ?
Were you a good enough gamer to become a gamer without even knowing what a gamer was ?
Could you have just started being a gamer out of thin air , without anyone ever telling you how to do it ?
Dave Arneson did .
He lied , swindled , improvised , and played his character to the hilt .
He came to the game with fake CIA ID he ’d mocked up , so when another player “ captured ” and searched him he could whip them out .
Other players were still moving pieces around the board and issuing orders like a wargame while Dave Arneson was running circles around them and changing the whole scenario .
He was winning the game entirely by roleplaying .
You may think of Dave Arneson as one of the godfathers of GMing , but even before that he was the godfather of players .
He was , literally , the proto -player .
Modern Gamers : Teach Your Grandmother to Suck Eggs
“ You ’re the student revolutionary leader , ” Wesely says “ You get victory points for distributing revolutionary leaflets .
You ’ve got a whole briefcase full of them . ”
Much later , having convinced his fellow players that he is really , perhaps , an undercover CIA operative , and that the entire nation ’s treasury is really much safer in his hands , Dave Arneson ’s character is politely ushered aboard a helicopter to whisk him to safety .
Far below the streets are still churning with fighting , plastic soldiers colliding with innocent citizens and angry rioters .
In his lap sits the forgotten briefcase of revolutionary leaflets .
“ I get points for distributing these right ? ”
And with a sweep of his arm he adds insult to injury , hurling reams of pages into the downdraft of the helicopter where they scatter and float lazily down upon the entire town …
Final score : Dave Arneson , plus several thousand points
Big whoop , you say , this is all old timey stuff .
We modern gamers are way beyond dungeon crawls and listening at doors and all that primitive stuff .
We have indie games and story games and narrative control and yadda yadda yadda .
Yes indeed .
But even skipping the “ standing on the shoulders of giants ” argument or the “ know your roots ” argument , look again at what happened in that game : Dave Arneson was winning entirely by roleplaying .
He is n’t doing tactical combat or playing some dumb-ass linear quest , he is making his own rules and being , for lack of a better word , an excellent player by any modern definition .
He is making the game .
Do n’t think Dave Arneson would kick your ass in some Sorcerer or Dogs In The Vineyard ?
Then you have n’t been paying attention .
He would , as the kids say , take you to the net .
Modern gamers are pushing into new territory , but they ’re also reclaiming old territory whether they know it not — the lands of their ancestors .
If you ’re an indie gamer or an avant garde gaming revolutionary , old school titans like Dave Arneson and Major Wesely are your peeps .
They were trying things that had never been done before in their day too .
They are your guys .
Missing History , Missing Meaning
What happened after Braunstein 4 ?
Major Wesely went off to the army and Dave Arneson started running his own “ Braunsteins ” in a little patch of imaginary world called Blackmoor .
He sent his players into dungeons .
To resolve combats he used a miniatures rule system called Chainmail .
The rest , as they say , is history .
[ save the usual “ who invented D&D ” debate for another time ]
I ’m not sure , but I ’m guessing that Braunstein set the color - noun trend in early D&D ( brown - stone , black - moor , grey - hawk ) .
So why did n’t Major Wesely stay involved in RPGs as the hobby blossomed ?
Why do n’t you know who he is ?
When he came back from the army the “ braunsteins ” had moved from real world situations to fantasy battles against orcs and frost giants .
He lost interest because while wargaming is an examination of history , fantasy looks a lot more meaningless .
What can you learn about the real world playing a game with fire - breathing lizards ?
Major Wesely , the first GM , may actually have been the first person to pan fantasy gaming as escapist nonsense .
He was certainly not the last .
In a way he was completely right , but what he may not have foreseen was that even the most blatantly escapist or mundanely tactical game can still be enlightening ( not just entertaining ) because we play it with other humans .
The content of the game might not teach us anything about life , but the method , sitting around a table interacting with other people , does .
Of course I can say that thanks to thirty years of gaming hindsight that he did n’t have , so big whoop for me .
Carry that forward and look at modern indie games , games that tackle ideas like slavery or destructive love or moral doubt .
The question is the same as Major Wesely asked all the way back then : the desire to have real meaning or examine real issues in the content of the game .
Your Turn
This was a very difficult post to get on paper , because no matter how hard I try , this is still a fictional account .
These are my memories of stories I was told about a game someone else played 40 years ago .
It ’s probably nowhere close to the literal truth , but hopefully it ’s very close to the spirit of the truth .
All errors or misrepresentations are solely mine , not the fault of Major Wesely , who is clear , informative and a hell of a fun guy to talk to .
I also make it sound like Dave Arneson was the only player in the game , or the only good player , but of course that ’s nonsense .
Like any game there ’s more sides to it than you can easily sum up .
So now you ’re asking , what do I do with this slice of history ?
Gary Gygax is no longer with us .
Do n’t you wish you ’d talked to him ?
Do n’t you wish you asked him questions ?
So here ’s what you do .
Find the guys who are still here and talk to them .
When you ’re at GenCon this year , hunt down Major Wesely or Dave Arneson and pigeon - hole them and make them tell you these stories .
Do what we did and corner Major Wesely in the lobby and do n’t give him food or water until he spills all the beans about TSR ’s dark past .
Drop by Lou Zocchi ’s booth and make him tell you about the limits of platonic solids .
Put on your historian hat , not to venerate the past but to learn from it .
They are gamers just like you .
Buy them a beer , take them out to dinner or just corner them in the hallway — do not let them escape !
It will be an experience you will never forget .
Update : results of the GenCon 2008 Braunstein , game handouts , and pictures in Braunstein Memories .
An environmentalist praising an American car maker and a NASCAR driver in the same post ?
Fasten your seatbelts !
[ social_buttons ]
On Monday , a team of drivers , including hypermiler Wayne Gerdes and NASCAR driver Carl Edwards successfully completed the 1000 mile challenge , taking a 2010 Ford Fusion Hybrid 1005 miles on less than a single tank of gas .
( Full disclosure time , my company , BLU MOON Group , does some work with Carl Edwards , but we were n’t involved in this event . )
The 1000 mile challenge was also a fundraising event for the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation .
Here ’s the best part , though ; they made it over 1000 miles with almost 1/3 tank of gas remaining and achieved more than 80 miles per gallon from the same Fusion Hybrid that you or I can buy .
Pretty cool , right ?
One of the things that excites me about this was seeing Edwards answering questions about eco-driving techniques and hybrid technology on the FordRacing page on Twitter this morning .
Edwards is reaching a whole new audience with important information about fuel efficiency and hybrids , race fans .
Plus , he ’s connecting with them on issues they care about ; driving , saving money and technology .
When asked what he thinks of the car , Edwards responded , “ you will not be disappointed .
The engine has plenty of power .
Would n’t own one if it did n’t . ”
That ’s quite an endorsement .
And to his credit , Edwards was out there this morning despite being in a scary crash on the track at Talladega yesterday .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/9WjKA7EarsI&hl=en&fs=1]
When Edwards calls the car cool , it can go a long way with his fans and with car enthusiasts .
And talking about ways to maximize mileage , like maintaining even throttle pressure and coasting to red lights , like he did this morning on Twitter , helps too .
Everybody seems to love the power gauge :
But engine tech aside , driving ’s the ultimate test , and after a day ’s worth of seat time I ’m here to tell you the Fusion Hybrid should put Toyota on alert .
The new SmartGauge EcoGuide features four degrees of drivetrain info , including accessories load and an indication of how much throttle you can apply before the gas engine kicks in .
For the visually inclined , a growing vine and leaf graphic encourages more fuel efficient driving — cool !
– About.com
On price , the Fusion Hybrid is comparable to the Prius , starting at $ 27,000 , but the Fusion comes with a $ 3400 Federal tax credit that the Prius does not .
It ’s listed as getting 41 mpg in the city , a little less than the Prius at 50 mpg , but clearly it can do even better than that .
Toyota is still promising a plug - in Prius in 2010 and Nissan has said it wants to dominate the all electric vehicle space , continuing to put American car makers behind .
But it ’s good to see Ford catching up , pushing the Fusion hybrid and accelerating their plans for their own electric vehicles .
The American car makers have received a lot of much deserved criticism , but today , Ford deserves some praise .
Image Credit : CleanMPG.com
Gun control support at all - time low
The heavy coverage of mass shootings in Binghamton , N.Y. , North Carolina and Washington state and the cop killings in Pittsburgh may have little effect on the nation 's appetite for new gun laws .
A Gallup
Poll out this morning shows support for a ban on private handgun ownership at an all time low , with 29 percent of respondents saying they support such a law .
It 's the smallest percentage since Gallup started asking this question 50 years ago .
Interestingly , gun control advocacy hit its all time high in 1959 , according to this poll .
It 's important to note that the poll was taken before the massacre in Binghamton , but other mass shootings have been in the news for a few weeks .
And the poll also notes that 49 percent of Americans want stricter gun control laws than what 's on the books now .
The poll may show why virtually nobody in Congress is rolling out new gun control legislation .
Indeed , when I served on a panel earlier this year with Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( D - Md. ) , he said there did n't seem to be any appetite for new gun control laws , even with a Democratic president and an expanded liberal majority in Congress .
UPDATE / CORRECTION :
The folks at Media Matters have made a fair point in criticizing this post , noting that the polling was done several months ago -- even though Gallup posted this poll just today .
It 's still worth noting that there is n't yet a ground swell of support in the Democratic Congress for new gun control laws in wake of the tragic shootings , but I should have drilled into this polling data more closely .
Paul Helmke of the Brady Campaign , writing in HuffPo , has also taken Gallup to task , calling the release of the poll today misleading .
Advertisements
Even while the GOP Rome burns , some still choose to fiddle .
Today on his radio show , Rush Limbaugh was n’t satisfied with Arlen Specter leaving his party .
He said that “ people ” have been emailing him asking Specter to take John McCain and his daughter Meaghan with him .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Rush said , “ About 20 minutes ago , my email started going nuts with emails from the Judiciary Committee in the Senate Republican side that Arlen Specter was going to switch parties , become a Democrat , leaving the Republican Party .
If he does that it gives the Democrats their 60 votes .
It gives them a filibuster proof Senate , so it makes the Senate essentially as big a slam dunk for Obama and the Democrats as the House of Representatives .
A lot of people say Specter take McCain with you , take McCain and his daughter . ”
Rush ’s spin on this was that Specter is leaving the GOP because he was n’t treated like a hero for opposing the Employee Free Choice Act .
I do n’t understand why Republicans like Limbaugh think that it is funny that moderates are leaving their party .
If I was a Republican , I would not be amused at all by a Senator leaving my party .
Republicans just gave a Senate seat to the Democrats , but they could n’t tolerate having a moderate view in their party .
Limbaugh was laughing at the suggestion that Specter should take the McCains with him .
John McCain is a fairly conservative politician , but since he disagrees with the party on issues like immigration and torture , I guess he has to go .
This is a terrible day for Republicans , and I have even worse news for them , I do n’t think that they have hit bottom yet .
Right now , projections show more losses for them in the 2010 election , and if things keep going as they are , I doubt that they will have any chance against Obama in 2012 , yet some Republicans see this as a day of celebration .
As a PA Democrat I am happy that Specter switched , because for the politics of this state , he fits the Democratic mold .
People like Rush do n’t consider moderates to be “ real Republicans . ”
The bad news for the GOP is that are n’t enough , “ real Republicans ” for them to win election , so celebrate Specter ’s departure , and rejoice at you continued election defeats .
Abstract
The purpose of this phenomenological study was to explore the experience of North Korean refugees living in South Korea .
From the analysis of the participants ' comments , six essences were identified : entrance to a new world after struggling for survival , unexpected shock and chaos , reconsidering the reasons for leaving North Korea , recovery from trauma , rebuilding meaning , and posttraumatic growth .
Former Navy SEAL Kaj Larsen decribes the dificulties in combating pirates off the Somali coast .
Pirates are holding a U.S. captain hostage at sea .
The Navy is watching everything that happens .
So what is supposed to happen next ?
And what is driving this problem ?
We talked to someone who knows a thing or two about the pirates and has experience covering them in Somalia .
Kaj Larsen , former U.S. Navy SEAL , spoke to T.J. Holmes on CNN ’s American Morning Thursday .
Larsen says the root conditions of poverty , lawlessness and civil war on the ground in Somalia are to blame .
The large sums of ransom money being paid out to pirates , he says , is even leading some Somali women to venture to the port town of Bosaso in hopes of marrying these newly - rich men .
T.J. Holmes :
We know that piracy pays .
What is it that 's going to break this cycle if every time they take a ship , they get paid .
Why stop it ?
Kaj Larsen :
That 's the 50 or $ 100 million question , which is about the money that the pirates took in last year in ransom .
The solution unfortunately is not going to be a military - centric one .
Ultimately , you to have to find some way to govern this ungoverned space , this lawless sanctuary that the pirates have in Somalia .
That 's really the only long - term solution you ’re going to see to this problem .
Holmes : Let 's start with the military solution .
Why not send a message ?
Larsen : Certainly there would be some deterrent effect .
I think in this case , the incentives are so large .
The money that they ’re making is so extraordinary , especially by Somalia standards , that it would be difficult .
However , in this particular situation , the goal is to solve it as quickly and as safely as possible without putting the hostage in jeopardy .
Holmes :
There are hopeless , deplorable conditions in Somalia .
A life of piracy looks pretty good for some of these young men compared to the conditions in Somalia .
Larsen :
You could n't have said it better , T.J. I ’ve been on the ground in Somalia .
One of the interesting demographic things that ’s happening right now is that single Somali women are flocking to the port town Bosaso where these pirates come out of in the hopes of marrying a pirate .
So you can see that it really is - the root conditions of poverty , lawlessness and civil war on the ground in Somalia are really what are breeding this problem .
Holmes :
Is it worth the risk for these companies to continue to go through the Gulf of Aden ?
Does it cost much to take another route ?
Is it worth it to take the chance , pay the ransom , and keep moving ?
Larsen :
So far , that 's been the model .
As these attacks increase , we 've seen six in the last week alone , the cost of doing business in that area is just going to be too high .
The insurance companies are going to jack up the rates of insurance .
And at some point , they 're not going to be able to continue without taking much more serious security measures or without finding an alternative route .
Holmes :
Do you think this situation will begin to draw more attention to what 's happening there off the Horn of Africa and maybe more action will begin to be taken by countries all over the world ?
Larsen : I think this is a clarion call to the international community that Somalia is and continues to be a failed state .
And that if we do n't continue to pay attention to it , if we do n't start changing the conditions on the ground there , if we do n't start governing that ungoverned space that it ’s going to be a breeding ground for piracy and possibly international terrorism .
So yes , I would hope that this situation , that the silver lining in the cloud is that people would start paying attention to this horrific situation in the country there .
Call our amFIX hotline and sound off : 1-877-MY - AMFIX .
We 'll play some of your comments tomorrow on American Morning , 6 - 9 am ET .
Read more stories from the amFIX blog
We are in the broadband era .
There have been stairstep increases in broadband speeds on a market by market basis across the country and the world .
As fiber and Docsis 3.0 enter markets , providers jack up their download speeds to 50 and even in some cases 100 mbs .
That ’s great .
Speed is always what we need .
But what has it brought us so far ?
To date , the best and brightest among you have not been able to create and deliver any new applications that take advantage of magnitudes higher of broadband .
Not in the U.S. , not elsewhere around the world that I have seen .
It seems to me that the most popular use of bandwidth that we have been able to come up with is retransmitting TV , Movies and User Generated Content over the net .
Maybe we can add online gaming .
Replacing consoles in the cloud .
Then there is online backup .
( disclosure , im an investor in Filesanywhere )
That ’s all I can think of .
Is that the best we can do with our bandwidth ?
Of course not .
There are medical , security , engineering , defense and even shared processor applications in private networks .
But where are they for the net ?
You ca n’t blame cable and telco ISPs .
While bandwidth to the home may be limited , thats not the case at universities and corporations .
Its not hard or expensive to buy cloud computing from the likes of Amazon , or to put a server next to gigabits of bandwidth at hosting centers .
The opportunity to invent new apps or to convert high end commercial apps is there .
Why dont we see them available to us ?
I ’m a believer that there will be new high bandwidth applications that are truly beneficial to society that start to appear in the next 5 years .
I also believe that there will be “ bandwidth viruses ” .
hackers will be able to wipe out 100 pct of your bandwidth and everything and anything you want to do by simply hosting P2P applications on unsuspecting host computers in our homes that send and receive hundreds of megabytes of noise .
If that does n’t work , the little kid next door can encode his softball game at 20 mbs or more per second and get all his buddies around town to continuously receive the stream .
Thats all it takes to slow your internet connection to a crawl .
In a net neutrality world , he has every right to do that as often as he likes .
Unless of course there are bandwith limits .
The point is that the concept of “ open internet ” where you can use any and all bandwidth how you want , when you want , is very , very flawed .
I agree that we should not segregate or discriminate by protocol or destination .
That creates a hierarchy of problems .
Bits are agnostic .
They dont care what they hold , where they originate or what their destination is .
At some point , we have to recognize that in order for high bit rate applications to succeed , at the levels of latency they require , we need a way for people to buy the bandwidth and performance they need , dedicated to the application they want to run .
If you need or want more bandwidth for the high end applications that appear , you should pay for them .
Test Drive Firefox 3.1 Beta 3 March 13 , 2009
Today Mozilla released the third beta for the next major Firefox update , version 3.1 .
Firefox 3.1 , which will likely be re-numbered to Firefox 3.5 , will have one more beta before the final release this summer .
The most significant upgrade coming in Firefox 3.1 is the new Javascript engine , TraceMonkey , which is enabled by default in Beta 3 .
I tested its performance with the SunSpider Javascript benchmark .
Firefox 3.1 performed 1.6 times faster than Firefox 3 :
Firefox 3.1 Beta 3 1914.6ms +/- 6.2 % Firefox 3 3082.8ms +/- 0.2 %
The new private browsing mode is available from Tools - > Start Private Browsing .
When you enter this mode all of your tabs are saved and closed , and no history is recorded until you leave the private mode .
After leaving private browsing mode Firefox returns to the state it was in before .
There is n’t any visual indication when private browsing is active , which could be a good thing , but it could also make it easy to forgot that it ’s turned on .
Another new privacy feature is Clear Recent History .
From this dialog you can choose a time interval , and what exactly you want to be cleared .
Tabs can now be dragged and dropped between Firefox windows .
You can drag a tab from the tab bar in one window to another tab bar to move it .
Dragging a tab out of the tab bar and onto a page opens a new window for that tab .
The new HTML media elements allow video and audio to be played in Firefox without additional plugins .
Simple playback works great for me , but seeking to a position in a video takes a long time or does n’t work at all .
TinyVid is an experimental streaming video site where you can try out this feature .
You can test drive Firefox 3.1 Beta 3 without disturbing your existing stable version of Firefox .
If you ’re already using Ubuntu 9.04 , you can install Firefox 3.1 Beta 3 from the Ubuntu repositories .
The Universe repository will need to be enabled in order to install this package .
Install Firefox 3.1 Beta 3 from the package firefox - 3.1 ( click the link to install ) , or by running the command below in your terminal :
sudo apt - get install firefox - 3.1
This Firefox package is unbranded , it ’s referred to by the codename for 3.1 , Shiretoko .
Ubuntu 8.10 users can download Firefox 3.1 Beta 3 from Mozilla :
A friend of mine who happens to be a famous designer ( this person shall remain nameless ) said something not long ago about one of my projects that really pissed me off .
At the time , I objected to this person ’s tone and delivery , thinking it inappropriate .
After all , we ’re friends !
But given some distance from the event , I realize now that , the formal qualities of the remarks aside , this person had a point .
They were n’t necessarily right , mind you , but there was a legitimate criticism at the core , to which I should have paid attention .
In retrospect I realize that getting hot and bothered about this person ’s tone said something much less flattering about me than about the person .
Here ’s why I ’m saying this : almost by definition , design is a small community .
If you ’re a serious , dedicated practitioner of design in any of its flavors , you ’re almost sure to meet a good number of your peers before too long — and then you ’ll start to run into them over and over again , at conferences , at industry events , in trade publications , even when competing for business or interviewing for work .
This is part of what makes design so terrific a vocation ; its boundaries are reachable , its population so knowable .
Sometimes I wonder , then : given that everyone in design seems to more or less know everyone else , are we really having the kinds of meaningful , constructive , critical discourses that we really should be having ?
Are we too quick to take offense at the opinions of our peers ?
Or are we pulling our punches too much when discussing the merits of the work that our peers turn out ?
To put a finer point on it : are we being honest with one another ?
Like - minded
There are designers whom I ’m very friendly with , whom I personally respect , but who have produced work that I have serious reservations about , or that I find objectionable or lacking .
Many of these people are responsible for designs that have attained great notoriety and influence , that are commonly cited as important works , but that in my estimation are detrimental to the field as a whole .
There ’s lots of design out there that I frankly do n’t like .
And yet , if I might betray disdain more than I would like — if I ’m less discreet about these opinions than I think I am — then it ’s also true that I ’ve bitten my lip , held my tongue , smiled and offered some empty , meaningless or flatly dishonest compliment in lieu of speaking my mind truthfully .
This has happened more times , many more times , than I care to admit .
It would seem that essential to the compact that affords inclusion into the small tribe of design is the notion that one shalt refrain from criticizing one ’s friends within the profession .
And yet , those critiques are so important .
The notion of speaking openly , honestly and objectively about work is inherent to learning how to be a better designer .
That ’s why every design school uses critiques as a core tool of teaching design .
Critiques conducted amongst peers , people you know , people that you have to see again the next day in class , that you have to build relationships with .
If you ’re learning design , then you ’re giving and receiving criticism regularly .
If you ’re not engaging in constructive criticism , then you just are n’t learning about design .
And yet , at some point when a designer achieves some modest level of notoriety or establishes some foundation of peers in the industry , the critiques stop .
If you ’re a practicing graphic designer of more than say five years , it ’s a pretty good bet that no one outside of your design practice actively and regularly provides you with objective , rational and lucid feedback .
Living in Bubbles
The other side of the coin , of course , is the notion that there ’s lots of criticism out there that we willfully ignore .
It ’s not hard , in design , to reside in a frictionless environment , ignoring or , when encountered , dismissing criticism .
Beyond the abovementioned incident , I probably do n’t need to dig much deeper to find further complaints about the design that I do : my slavish aping of Modernist masters ; my formulaic distillation of serious , grid - based design into a stylistic shorthand ; the limited range of my visual vocabulary ; my hedgingly conservative approach to digital design ; and , no doubt , my claustrophobic tending of NYTimes.com .
Unless
I ’m completely paranoid , it seems reasonable to me that all of these thoughts have crossed the minds of some of the people I know at some point or other .
Maybe quite often , or even all the time .
I ’m a little to blame for my own blissful ignorance , as are we all .
But we could say also that it ’s a symptom of the still - immature state of the design industry .
There is very little serious criticism of design in the public square .
To be sure , there are very good design publications and Web sites that do a very good job of writing seriously about design , but if you take a good look at the contributors listings for any of them , you ’ll see almost immediately that they are largely written by practicing designers .
Wanted : Critics
Like it or not , you ca n’t have a serious discourse about an art form until you have people whose sole involvement in that art form is criticism .
You need , in effect , an independent press .
Actually , to be clear , what you need is an economic model that can support a corps of passionate , clear - thinking individuals who are dedicated to vigilantly watching over the progression of the medium .
Recent troubles aside , this is why art , film and architecture have achieved such great heights in our society : those art forms are economically robust enough to support a vibrant critical class .
Design is far from having that .
Especially the design forms to which I ’m closest : graphic design , Web design , interaction design .
We have lots of smart people writing actively about design , pushing ourselves to do better design , but we have very few design critics who remain apart from the practitioners .
We need more .
Critically Speaking … to One Another
All of that ’s digression , though , because it ’s a long way off , if it ’s ever coming .
For now , for better or worse , this is our lot in life : a small community of peers whom we rely on for support , encouragement and inspiration , whom we ca n’t avoid even if we try .
It ’s not that bad a deal , really .
We ’re lucky to have the design communities that we do .
Personally , I have found them very rewarding .
But I ’m pretty sure they ’ll be even more rewarding if we can be more open about what we think about the work we ’re all doing , more honest about constructive criticism , less hesitating when we come across work that we just do n’t like .
That starts , of course , with us , each of us .
It starts with not getting pissed off when one of us lobs complaints about another ’s work .
It starts with remaining calm and objective in the face of critiques from people we know , listening to the core of a complaint , without becoming distracted by personal familiarity .
When we can separate the critique from the friendship — when we can hear the feedback without confusing it with the relationship — then we ’re getting somewhere .
I ’m going to try my damndest .
+
WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama enjoys widespread backing from a frightened American public for his ambitious , front - loaded agenda , a new poll indicates .
He is more popular than ever , Americans are hopeful about his leadership , and opposition Republicans are getting drubbed in public opinion , the new Wall Street Journal / NBC News poll suggests .
But ...
A UC Berkeley law professor who provided the Bush administration with a memo justifying torture for terrorists may face academic punishment for his off - campus work .
UC Berkeley leaders are wrestling with that decision as a federal investigation into John Yoo ’s legal advice to the Bush administration apparently winds down .
The dilemma is rare .
At risk are the tenets of academic freedom that have long allowed college faculty members to speak their minds in the name of scholarship .
Yoo ’s case revolves around his advice on dealing with accused terrorists , including a notorious memo that provides legal justification for torture .
Yoo , who is temporarily teaching at Orange County ’s Chapman University , has long attracted protests on his home campus , but some surprising allies have come to his defense .
“ I think this is simply a left - wing version of McCarthyism , ” said Alan Dershowitz , a Harvard Law School professor who disagrees strongly with Yoo ’s views on torture .
“ He should be judged solely on the merits of his academics . ”
But Berkeley administrators and faculty leaders said they would be concerned about Yoo teaching law students if he were found to have violated ethical or legal standards .
Critics have called Yoo a yes - man for President George W. Bush , essentially telling him what he wanted to hear .
Yoo , who has been at Berkeley since 1993 and was tenured in 1999 , did not return messages this week .
The code of conduct for UC Berkeley faculty states that criminal convictions could result in discipline , but it is less explicit about other transgressions .
But some , including Berkeley law Dean Christopher Edley and a top faculty leader , have said they could punish
Yoo regardless of whether he is tried and convicted in a court .
“ A criminal conviction is not necessary , ” said Christopher Kutz , a law professor and vice chairman of the UC Berkeley Academic Senate .
But discipline based on anything less is “ new territory , and it ’s dangerous territory , ” Kutz said .
A Justice Department spokesman said the federal investigation into Yoo ’s role is ongoing .
He declined to estimate when the inquiry would wrap up .
Edley , who was on President Barack Obama ’s transition team and who has held positions in two Democratic administrations , said he and others on campus are conflicted about how to handle Yoo .
Asked whether the issue has put him in a tough spot , Edley was unequivocal : “ That ’s an understatement . ”
“ I think that almost everybody is concerned ” about how the debate will end , he said .
“ All of us need to work through the tension of the principles that preserve the excellence and independence of the university versus the principles that govern society . ”
Even considering punishment has put Edley at odds with some colleagues and friends , including Dershowitz , his former Harvard co-worker .
Edley should not have to think about the issue at all , Dershowitz said .
“ It only puts a dean in a tough spot if he lacks courage , ” Dershowitz said .
But “ in the end , he ’ll do the right thing . ”
Yoo ’s presence has polarized academics , including many who say they ’re staunch supporters of academic freedom .
At Chapman , hundreds have signed petitions and joined online groups criticizing Yoo ’s opinions .
Much of the debate over his fitness as a law professor has centered on whether he used bad faith in condoning torture .
If he simply told the president what he wanted to hear , Yoo ’s work did not pass scholarly muster , critics said .
“ The CIA asked the Bush administration for justification , and that ’s what John Yoo did , ” said Berkeley attorney Sharon Adams , a member of the National Lawyer Guild ’s Committee Against Torture .
“ He did not provide advice , he provided justification for torture . ”
Others have said UC Berkeley should leave
Yoo be as long as he is not convicted of a crime .
“ People who have outlying views are the ones for whom academic freedom is designed , ” said Michael A. Olivas , a University of Houston law professor and expert in higher - education law .
NEW YORK , April 1 ( Reuters ) - Corporate America ’s credit quality collapsed in the first quarter , with Moody ’s Investors Service downgrading an estimated $ 1.76 trillion of debt , a record high , the rating agency said on Wednesday .
The downgrades included a record number to the lowest rating categories , signaling the approach of the worst defaults since at least World War Two , Moody ’s chief economist John Lonski said in an interview .
“ These are numbers that just underscore how risky both the financial and economic environment remain , ” Lonski said .
The downgrades reflect how badly corporate balance sheets have been hurt by the slump in consumer spending amid the deepest economic contraction since 1982 .
“ Business sales and profits fell off the table in general during the final quarter of last year and have continued to deteriorate in the first quarter in 2009 , ” Lonski said .
U.S. corporate profits plunged a record $ 120.1 billion in the fourth quarter , depressed by tumbling consumer spending and exports .
Downgrades of investment - grade companies shot up by 153 percent from the year - ago quarter to a record 96 , while downgrades of junk - rated companies surged by 147 percent to 287 .
The rating downgrades were led by industries with exposure to the ailing housing industry , including homebuilders , mortgage insurers and major money center banks .
Some 70 of the quarter ’s downgrades were housing related .
“ The most prominent new driving force behind credit rating reductions would be deterioration of commercial real estate , ” Lonski said .
That is taking a toll on regional banks and companies that manufacture equipment and material used in construction , he said .
The downgrades included one of the largest on record , $ 326 billion of bonds and preferred shares of General Electric Co GE.N and its units .
Other major borrowers downgraded included Ford Motor Co F.N , Citigroup C.N and Bank of America BAC.N .
In addition to housing , sectors under rating pressure included automakers and auto parts suppliers , media companies , casinos and retailers .
Among the downgrades were 22 fallen angels , or companies cut to junk status .
In addition , 82 ratings were downgraded to the lowest categories , Caa3 or lower .
That means that the U.S. high - yield default rate , which stood at 5.7 percent in February , is destined to climb sharply in short order , Lonski said .
Moody ’s has forecast that the U.S. default rate will peak around 14.5 percent in November .
( Reporting by Dena Aubin ; Editing by Leslie Adler ) ( dena.aubin@thomsonreuters.com ; +1-646-223-6325 ; Reuters Messaging : dena.aubin.reuters.com@reuters.net ) )
This is the post dedicated to the creative examples of high quality free icon sets .
In this post , we will give you an idea in one place to see an incredible collection of icon sets to get viewers attention .
We are listing 43 Creative Examples Of High Quality Free Icon Sets .
It will help you to boost up your creative men who are willing to create the new icon set or specially willing to have his new icon design for the client or himself .
The usage of color scheme , illustration and look and feel of all of these icons are really cool and impressive .
These icons are also available to use anywhere you want but we suggest that donâ€™t forget to read the license detail before using anyone below .
This list is not long in numbers , but I promise you that when you start watching them it will must inspire you as amazingly designed icons .
You are welcome to share if you know more nicely designed high quality free icon sets which our readers / viewers may like .
Â
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
I will appreciate if you can spread the word via Digg , Stumbleupon and other social media websites , Thank you . Â
Helix icons
Pioneer Camp
Wifun Icons
Massive Media Icons
Baggy Icon Set
iMac
Easter Bunny Icons
Set of Social Icons
Icons For Some e-Shop
Nikon D3x Icons
Music Icons
On - Stage : Free Vector PSD Icon Set
Antique Icons
6 Blue Icons
PerforatedTape Dock Icons
Windows 7 Base Icons
Windows 7 Base Icons v2
Silver Symbian Icons
Fritidsresor Icons
Scholny Icons
RumixIP
Mobile Device IconsÂ
Pure
Practika : A Free Icon Set
Ethereal Icons
Handdrawing Icons Pack
Professional Red
Stock Icons
Cemagraphics Icons
Girl Avatars : Free PSD Vector Icon Set
Stack Site Icons
Free Glossy Vector Player Icons
Free New Social Icons
Realistic Icons
NIKE Air Force1 Icons
Airport Express
Share Icons
L’Amour Golden Series Icons
Vector Arrow Icons
Smiley Icon Sets
Coquette Part 3 Icons
Chums Icons
Raspberry Icons
Jalopnik Reviews
All of our test drives in one convenient place .
Prev Next View All
After countless spy shots , speculation , Transformers tie-ins , leaked photos and numbers comparisons , we 've finally driven the 2010 Chevy Camaro .
Does the reality match the hype ?
Well , it 's like Star Wars .
Advertisement
Full Disclosure : Chevy wanted me to drive the new Camaro so badly they flew me out and put me up in an average hotel to make sure I wrote about it .
Also , they fed me fried Walleye .
Fried Walleye just like Dad used to make .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Asked on May 18 , 1999 what my favorite movie was I , like many of my contemporaries , would have had an easy answer : Star Wars .
Just one day later , with the release of Phantom Menace , that answer would change forever .
It did n't make sense .
Episode I , compared quantitatively to its predecessors and , according the huge amount of buzz surrounding it , must have been a much better movie .
It had a bigger budget , benefited from modern technology , had really neat imaginary creatures and action - packed space battles .
So what changed ?
Well , the environment in which the space fairy tale existed had , in 22 years , become much more sophisticated .
Audiences wanted to experience something new in the same way the original film had been unprecedented for its time .
Instead , George Lucas contented himself with producing a fancy new version of the same old schlock .
That , and Anakin was really irritating .
With the $ 22,995 V6 - equipped 2010 Chevy Camaro LS producing 304 HP , nearly as much as the V8 - engined 2010 Ford Mustang GT , and the 426 HP 2010 Chevy Camaro SS starting at just $ 30,995 , initial impressions of GM 's new muscle car are extremely good .
It 's faster than its competitors and benefits from more svelte looks than the Dodge Challenger and less familiar styling than the 2010 Mustang .
It 's even more fuel efficient , with the V6 returning an impressive 17 city , 29 highway MPG - rating , while the V8 returns 16 / 25 MPG when equipped with the slightly higher - geared automatic transmission .
Advertisement
2010 Ford Mustang GT
Finally , after all the teasing , the 2010 Ford Mustang GT is finally here — revealed just in time …
Read more
But this Camaro's also supposed to be about more than just numbers ( click here for our 2010 Chevy Camaro Numbers Comparison ) for one very important reason : it 's based on the 2009 Pontiac G8 GXP .
When we drove that car last November , we could n't believe that a $ 40,000 Pontiac was like the new E39 M5 , only better .
That impression was the result of a driving experience that was n't so much about the 415 HP Corvette - derived LS3 V8 as it was the car 's subtle ability to read your mind , then react to what you wanted faster than we thought possible from a big sedan .
In short , the G8 GXP is a handler before it's a muscle car and that 's saying something for a vehicle that can hit 60 MPH in 4.7 seconds .
Advertisement
2009 Pontiac G8 GXP , First Drive
If I were to tell you GM is the new BMW you 'd probably laugh at me .
But driving the 2009 Pontiac G8 Read more
Advertisement
The opposite is true of this new Camaro .
Based on an updated version of the G8's Zeta platform ( here called Zeta II ) , the Camaro gets a 2.5 " shorter wheelbase thanks to bringing the front wheels forward 6 " , then moving the A - pillar rearwards 3.5 " to create a longer hood and new front suspension chosen to make that hood lower .
Unlike the class - defining Mustang , suspension is also independent all the way around .
The V6 starts with GM 's FE2 coil - over suspension package , before moving up to standard FE3 on the V8 - equipped SS .
Wheels start out at a smaller - than - GXP 18x7.5 " on the base LS , before moving up to a standard and massive 20x8 " front , 20x9 " rear on the SS .
The G8 GXP's are 19x8 " .
Most of the SS 's standard equipment is available optionally on the V6 models , while the RS - package essentially looks like an optioned - up SS , but with a V6 under the hood .
Somehow , all those changes translate into an experience that 's no less capable — in fact the Camaro SS is 11 - seconds faster around the famed Nurburgring than the G8 GXP — but a lot less involving .
Where the G8 GXP is all about including you in the driving , requiring and enabling you to aggressively wring the most out of its chassis , the Camaro SS does n't seek to make the driver a crucial part of its equation .
It makes the classic American muscle car mistake of confusing grip — of which it has plenty — with handling .
Throw the two cars into a second or third gear ( oh how we love big V8s ) 90 - degree bend and the Pontiac will encourage you to explore the limits of the rear tires adhesion using your right foot and communicative steering , the Chevy will push its vague front robbing you of speed .
Sure , you can get on the throttle half way around and step the rear out , but not with the same degree of control the Pontiac delivers .
The Camaro does bring one huge improvement over its platform - mate : there 's virtually no body roll under any circumstances .
Advertisement
Well that and the incredibly successful styling .
Chevy knows it looks good too , displaying a level of self - assuredness that would be absurd in any other segment .
Here 's a great example .
Our co-driver asked a GM engineer whether the new Camaro increases " length or girth ? "
His straight - faced response ?
" It increases opportunity . "
Cocky , right ?
But they 're right .
Where the G8 looks like a rental car , the ZR1 looks like a bass boat enthusiast won the lottery and the CTS -V , even with its classy chrome mesh grille , looks like a tuner conversion , the Camaro strikes exactly the right balance between the mass appeal of its aggression and a more sophisticated retro futurism that successfully references the original while adapting wholly new forms that are completely contemporary .
Even though we 've been staring at pictures of it for what seems like years , in person it 's still surprising how good it looks .
If you 've been following Jalopnik or even had a conversation with me at any point since last August , you 're probably bored to death with hearing about how good GM 's latest crop of performance cars are .
The 2009 Corvette ZR1 is the best car I 've ever driven , the 556 HP Cadillac CTS - V is an utterly awesome performance sedan and you 've already been reading about the G8 GXP .
So it comes as a surprise that Chevy 's flag - waving everyman muscle car does n't live up to those driving standards .
Sure it 's stinking fast , but it does n't make exploiting that performance rewarding in the way all the above did so well .
It does n't so much defy convention , as drive like you 'd expect a Camaro would , a really good Camaro .
Advertisement
2009 Corvette ZR1 : First Drive
The 2009 Corvette ZR1 is the best car ever made .
It redefines what performance cars are capable of , Read more
Advertisement
The other defining characteristic of the Camaro 's driving experience is the interior .
Hop in one and like a classic Camaro , the first impression is of claustrophobia .
It feels like Chevy 's designers have purposefully set out to make the interior , which is actually surprisingly large with adequate space for four adults , feel surprisingly small .
Most of that comes from the slit - like windshield ; its top sits at about the height of your forehead , something that will be familiar to Lotus Exige owners .
Out through that narrow strip of glass , the hood bulge and fenders are prominently visible , accentuating the power under the hood .
Unlike the Exige , there 's almost 8.5 " of vertical seat movement to accommodate a wide range of drivers .
All of them will end up with their head in the exact same place : about a half inch from the ceiling as that 's the only position that affords adequate forward visibility .
Strangely , the wheel and instruments sit very high , never affording the wheel - in - lap arrangement that I prefer , even with the seat all the way up and the wheel all the way down .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
That interior is also going to be a bugbear for the Camaro .
While the overall shapes are appealing , the materials are mostly cheap plastic , even on the big knobs that you use to adjust the HVAC and stereo ( Nav is n't an option ) .
A huge swath of that cheap plastic runs from the steering wheel all the way to the right door .
The standard - on - SS auxiliary gauges , mounted down low in front of the gear lever , are largely worthless on the move due to their positioning , but look really cool , providing a false sense of driver / machine integration that just is n't born out in the driving experience .
Believe it or not , the 2010 Mustang with a few options is actually a nicer place to spend time .
Advertisement
2010 Ford Mustang : First Drive
The 2010 Ford Mustang is , more or less , the sum of its parts .
Luckily those parts are much better …
Read more
On initial impressions and despite a spec sheet that strongly claims otherwise , I 'd tip the hat in the Mustang 's favor when it comes to driving enjoyment too .
To create it , Ford engineers essentially took the old model and made it as good as they possibly could .
The result is , for the first time , a Mustang that 's as much about going around corners as it is about acceleration , which is good , because the Camaro SS leaves it for dead in a straight line .
Despite the Mustang 's live rear axle , which never really manifests any limitations on the road , the ' Stang is ligher on its feet than the Camaro and has considerably more steering feel .
The Camaro's is dead on center , never really manages a huge amount of feel in general and is overly light .
It 's so light , that it 's possible that the engineers that drove it around the Nurburgring did so one - handed .
Advertisement
The much - touted performance of the V6 - equipped Camaro does n't live up to its Mustang GT - killing hype .
While GM has gone to great lengths to make it as visceral as possible — the crisp exhaust note sounds almost as good as a 370Z — its flat torque curve leads to a somewhat uneventful feeling of acceleration , especially out of faster corners where the Camaro 's prodigious 3,780 Lb curb weight leaves you with foot flat on the floor , wanting for more .
Nor does the V6 manifest a handling advantage over the V8 , even when equipped with all the RS options .
Its steering still lacks feel and it becomes harder to push the car around corners using the throttle .
GM 's Hydra - Matic SL50 6L50 6 - speed automatic gearbox does however do an excellent job of keeping the V6 on the boil , particularly in " sport " mode .
Its one of the quickest - to - shift slushboxes we 've experienced and never seems to find itself in the wrong gear .
In fact its so good that it renders the steering wheel - mounted shift buttons largely irrelevant .
The 6L50 is clearly better than any of the Camaro 's domestic rivals .
Advertisement
Look at the value - for - money and the performance numbers of the Camaro combined with its Dragon - tastic looks and you can't help but feel GM has a winner on its hands .
It 'll beat its competitors hands down , not only in a numbers - based pissing contest , but also in the public 's imaginations : an advantage presented by its futuristic - yet - retro styling .
It 's exactly the car GM should be making , a car that will sell ; it 's just not the unprecedented new experience that we were hoping for , it 's not a real driver 's car .
With the Camaro , GM has chosen to stick with the muscle car archetype rather than push the limits of what 's possible , it 's not likely to win many conquests from more adept sportscars like the 370Z , Audi TT and BMW 3 - series as Chevy hopes it will .
The result , like the new Star Wars films , is a product that will undoubtedly be a commercial success , just perhaps not a timeless classic like the original , a product that will blend in with , rather than stand out from , its rivals .
Advertisement
Photography credit : Wetzel Tucker
Miss Atom 2009 Russia 's Nuclear Bombshells
Female employees from Russia 's nuclear energy industry are competing for the Miss Atom 2009 title this month .
The event 's sponsors hope the beauty pageant will help dispel the industry 's negative image .
This bug is not available .
More information is available here .
You can tell that Karl Rove really chafes at having his own favorite tactics used against his own august personage .
Today on Fox News , he told Chris Wallace that the recent Democratic ads calling him out for characterizing President Obama as " arrogant " were a really , really bad idea .
First he notes that the ad really is n't getting much play in commercial airings .
Where it 's appearing the most is on cable news broadcasts talking about Democrats going after Rove .
Mind you , having the newscasters do your work for you in this fashion was one of the more masterful tactics employed by Rove 's White House , so that probably adds to his annoyance .
But Rove is just mystified as to why the Obama political team would make him a target :
Wallace :
Are you replacing -- I mean , from their point of view , does it make sense to go after Rush Limbaugh , does it make sense to go after Karl Rove ?
Rove : No , it does n't .
It just simply does n't .
I mean , look , this is an effort to divert attention from growing concerns about their plans to expand the deficit , expand the budget , borrow a lot more money , and it 's pathetic .
It 's lowering and demeaning to the White House .
That , of course , is a subject on which Rove is expert .
He blames it all on Saul Alinsky , and figures ( like Limbaugh ) that he 's being " frozen " .
And there 's probably some larger sense in which this is true .
But the reality is that he 's being targeted precisely because the GOP is so leaderless , that whatever party discipline exists does so because of the work of conservative propagandists like Rove and Limbaugh .
Limbaugh gets out the troops , while Rove provides them with talking points and attack strategy .
Dealing with them is not merely a sideshow , but an essential component of passing Obama 's agenda through Congress .
If Obama can weaken the grip of demagogues like Rove and Limbaugh , then he at least has a chance of peeling off some Republican votes and building a real consensus for passing his economic , energy , and health - care initiatives .
Rove may choose to play the " Who me ? " innocent , but he knows perfectly well why he 's being targeted .
Every morning for the past 10 years I have chatted with the retired police chief who sells bus tickets from his truck in a commuter parking lot .
Then I board the coach for my trip from Cape Cod to Boston where I teach poetry writing .
Ernie is an impressive man , sitting there from 4 a.m. until 9 , the window open and his shirt unbuttoned even in winter , when I huddle near his door in a hat and scarf .
He advises me on what snow blower to buy , and the proportion of bleach to use when spraying mold off shingles .
Growing up in a Queens apartment , and now living a rural life , I welcome his counsel .
Over the years , he ’s described his family vacations .
In some stories , he ’s met an aggressive panhandler in a parking garage , or heard a suspicious knock on his motel door late at night .
When he recalls how these incidents were safely resolved , he adds without bravado , “ I have ways of protecting myself . ”
His words rang in my ears , because I suddenly realized : I have no way of protecting myself .
So when I saw an announcement that the police department of our small town was offering a course in firearms training , a course leading to a gun license , I signed up .
This was strictly classroom instruction — no range practice , no firing .
Friends discouraged me , asking what I would do with a gun .
One of my colleagues at the college where I teach even cautioned that I had “ a bit of a temper . ”
The six - hour class met in the basement of the station on a Saturday morning .
There were 24 of us , taught by two officers who said there would be a written test at the end .
My classmates included six men with shaved heads ; two women who told me their husbands wanted to take them hunting ; a large man whose arms and neck were covered in blue ink , the owner of the local tattoo parlor ; four teenagers who had been left gun collections by their grandparents , and one of those grandparents , a World War II vet who constantly corrected our teachers .
( “ Why are you calling it a bullet , when a bullet is part of a cartridge ? ” )
The officers were articulate , patient , and thorough .
They displayed a revolver , an automatic , and a shotgun , and took each apart .
They prefaced many of their anecdotes with the words , “ God forbid … ” “ God forbid you wake up in the middle of the night and someone has broken into your house …. ” and “ God forbid you come home to find … . ”
Everyone passed the exam , and the officers presented us with certificates stamped with the police department ’s official seal and trimmed in gold .
We were given applications to obtain a License to Carry Firearms , and I applied and was fingerprinted and photographed at the station .
A few weeks later , the phone rang and a woman ’s lilting voice said , “ This is Jackie .
Your license to carry is ready . ”
Now I had to buy a gun , but before that , learn how to shoot one .
The officers recommended the Powderhorn as a reliable arms shop .
Cars in front of the store bore bumper stickers that said “ Another Vet Against John Kerry , ” and “ If It ’s Tourist Season , Why Ca n’t We Shoot Them ? ”
I asked the owner if he could suggest someone to give me lessons .
“ I can , ” he said , “ It ’ll take one lesson . $ 30 .
You look like a smart guy . ”
I must have also looked like a weak guy because he advised me to start lifting a 5 - pound dumbbell to strengthen my arm and wrist .
My friends were alarmed .
My wife said not to tell our son , who was away at college .
I waited until summer , when school was out , but when summer came , I put it off due to entertaining guests and working in the garden .
One day in June , I used a small hand snips to dead - head our many large lilac trees .
When I finished , I felt a twinge in my right elbow .
At dinner , I could n’t lift a glass without discomfort .
And later that night , just pressing the top of a plastic bottle of insect repellent caused a knife - like pain .
The ache continued , so in the fall I visited an orthopedic doctor who diagnosed tendonitis , or tennis elbow , and said there was nothing to do except wear a splint , and to avoid taxing the arm .
School began and I saw Ernie again when I bought my first commuter book of bus tickets .
After discussing our summers , I held up my hand and showed the splint ’s black band .
“ Snipping lilacs , ” I said , and we both laughed .
“ There goes your trigger finger , ” he said .
“ Hey , whatever happened with that ? ”
“ I never followed up .
Now I ca n’t even shoot a mosquito with bug spray . ”
I was relieved , and I had the feeling he was , too .
He had served as one of my references , possibly the reason my license was a Class A , which allows the holder to carry large capacity and concealed .
“ You ’re probably better off , ” he said .
“ God forbid some guy who spends all his time handling these things takes it away from you .
And anyway , do n’t they say the pen is mightier than the sword ? ”
I noticed he said “ God forbid , ” and I got on the bus , no way of protecting myself , but at least protecting myself from myself .
• 17 December 2007
Specifically about Yeltsin : " He has bouts of depression , and takes medication for his back problem , like Woodrow Wilson .
His close buddies are not very impressive .
He feels the army did n't move quickly enough in the coup attempt against him . "
( Long pause . )
" He 'll trust only a few people , and will think only those who support him 100 percent are his friends . "
( I said I knew somebody like that once , and Nixon gave his short bark of a laugh . )
" I gave Clinton an evaluation of Yeltsin : not hard to read , straight out , refreshing , charismatic .
But lacks experience in free - market economics , let alone running a democratic republic . "
On the Mideast : " I have great respect for Rabin , but I did n't want to go to the dog and pony show on the White House lawn .
I told him later that it takes a strong man to make peace ; he 's able to do what he 's doing because Arafat is weak , and far worse than Arafat is waiting in the wings .
Paul Johnson had a line that statesmen must differentiate between different degrees of evil . "
On Bosnia : " ' Assertive multilateralism ' is nonsense .
De Gaulle said to Malraux : ' Parliaments can paralyze policy ; they can not make policy . '
We need to get out of the arms embargo to get to a correlation of forces that can make peace .
I 'm more hawkish than Bush or Clinton on this .
For now , say I 'm more hawkish than Bush ; I do n't want to lose my effectiveness in foreign affairs . "
On the foreign - policy Clinton ( whose eulogy was unstinting and eloquent ) : " Foreign affairs is not a winner for him .
He should play to his strength : try to keep the Nafta coalition together , throw the McGovern ites over the side .
The left wo n't start a third party , and there 's a big center out there .
For the Republicans ' sake , I hope he does n't , but that 's what he should do . "
Published by Sierra Monica P. on March 18 , 2009 under Cars
“ Terrafugia successfully created what science fiction writers have been describing for years .
Because the Transition is essentially two products in one , there were twice as many engineering challenges .
We applaud Terrafugia for overcoming those and putting such an exciting concept into action , ” declared SolidWorks .
This is a quote published in the latest press release from Terrafugia , an aeronautics company that designed an aircraft capable of converting into a normal car as soon as it lands on the ground .
The aircraft was named Transition and was designed using the SolidWorks 3D CAD software .
To accomplish this , Transition had to meet several requirements including safety and performance standards .
It is first an aircraft for private pilots and secondly a road vehicle for transportation between airports .
It features full automotive suspension , crumple zones , roll cages and side - folding wings .
Specifications :
- Cruise : 100 kts ( 115 mph )
- Rotate : 70 kts ( 80 mph )
- Stall : 45 kts ( 51 mph )
- Range : 400 nm ( 460 mi )
- Takeoff over 50 ′ obstacle : 1700 ′
- Fuel burn : 5 gph
- Fuel tank : 20 gallons
- Useful Load : 430 lbs
- On road : 30 mpg , highway speeds
- Light Sport Aircraft ( LSA )
- Folded : 6 ′ 9 ″ tall x 80 ″ wide x 18 ′ 9 ″ long
- Airplane size : 6 ′ 3 ″ tall x 19 ′ 2 ″ long with wingspan of 27 ′ 6 ″ and cockpit of 51 ″
Design :
- Front wheel drive on the ground
- Automotive - style entry and exit
- Two place , side by side
- Automated electromechanical folding wing
- No trailer or hangar needed
- Cargo area holds skis , fishing poles or golf clubs
“ Landing Animation ” video :
When it will be available for purchase , Transition will have a price of around $ 194,000 , and if you ’d like to drive it you ’ll need just 20 hours of flight time in the specific course .
“ Driving the Transition Home ” video :
“ We put all our designs into SolidWorks , then used the finite element analysis features to determine how much material we could cut out of the design without compromising Transition ’s integrity as a road vehicle .
SolidWorks let us be very precise , which was important because every ounce counts in this design . ”
“ It ’s interesting how much reality matches what ’s in SolidWorks .
All the little details we see on the screen end up in reality , so we can modify the design to eliminate whatever we do n’t want in the finished product .
If we were working with just physical prototypes , we ’d end up sanding those unwanted details off the parts by hand . ” ( Terrafugia )
What if Russia or China Cut Off Your Electricity ?
Report : China , Russia have cybersleuths who could disrupt electric grid .
April 8 , 2009  --
It is a morning five or 10 years in the future , and the headlines have been full of news about escalating tensions with Russia or China .
You turn on your lights in the morning to find that they , and virtually everything else , have been shut down by cyberspies .
Improbable ?
Maybe -- but the Wall Street Journal reports that Chinese and Russian spies have penetrated America 's electric power grid , planting software bugs that could all but shut down the system in a crisis .
" There are individuals and groups and even state organizations overseas that are working very diligently every day to be able to infiltrate our U.S. sectors , " said George Foresman , a former high official of the Department of Homeland Security .
" I think the government has known for several years that China and Russia and other countries have created offensive cyberwar units and have penetrated American networks , including the electric power grid , which is pretty easy to penetrate , " said Richard Clarke , a former White House cyber security adviser and an ABC News consultant , on " Good Morning America . "
The Chinese and Russian embassies in Washington deny any wrongdoing .
And the electric industry , overseen by a group called the North American Electric Reliability Corp. , says , " Industry leaders are taking steps in the right direction to improve preparedness and response to potential cyberthreats . "
This is not an immediate threat , said security officials who asked not to be named , but they say more needs to be done to protect Americans ' electricity .
Start at Home
So what would all this mean to you ?
If another country actually tried to take down part of the power grid , what would your day be like ?
Your day might very well start late -- simply because your alarm clock is electric .
You turn on your laptop to go online for information -- but while the laptop has a battery , the wireless router that gets you onto the Web may not .
The phone works , since most telephone networks are not powered by local utilities -- but can you get through to the people you want to reach ?
The voice signal for more and more calls travels over the Internet , and the Internet was what the cybersleuths used to shut down electric power .
You may be able to call long distance but not locally .
Or the reverse .
Everywhere you look , you find proof of the old adage that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link .
You take a shower , for instance , by window light .
The water is still clean , since the treatment plant near you has backup power , but if your home has electric heat , you gradually may find yourself running low on hot water .
A Cyber Attack on the Power Grid ?
You have a gas stove .
That should work , right ?
Wrong -- it has an electric starter .
A generation ago there would have been a pilot light burning all the time .
" This goes directly to the issue of how pervasive electricity is , in ways we never imagined a generation ago , " said James Owen of the Edison Electric Institute , which represents power companies in Washington .
" We are at the mercy of the very devices we use to make our lives more convenient . "
The Outside World
You head outside -- and find traffic a mess .
Very few cities or towns have backup power for traffic lights .
Your car works fine , and radio stations , on backup power , are running constant bulletins .
But did you fill up your tank last night ?
The gas stations can't pump anything .
The grocery store is dark , and harried clerks are worried that food will go bad without refrigeration .
The cash registers are out too .
But if past blackouts are any indication , people are banding together to help each other out .
If you can't pay by credit card , the store may take an old - fashioned paper IOU .
Air traffic , said the FAA , would not be in danger : " The whole system is based on redundancies , " said the FAA 's Paul Takemoto .
Of course , getting to and from airports would be a more frustrating issue , and power in terminal buildings might be limited .
It would not be a good day to fly .
Wall Street has backup power , which allows stock prices to tumble in the crisis .
When will the power come back on ?
" Think of this , " said Michael Markulec of Lumeta , an Internet security firm in New Jersey .
" You take your valuables , and you put them in a safe deposit box in a bank , where they have all sorts of security systems .
We 're not protecting our cyberassets the way we protect our physical assets . "
The Grid Is Connected to the Net
The problem , in our technologically advanced society , is that the electric system , some of it based on power plants that are decades old , is increasingly controlled over the Internet , which security people said makes it vulnerable .
A Cyber Attack on the Power Grid ?
" Our control systems are relatively old , " said Markulec .
" While certain portions of the electric network are redundant , there are certain choke points .
That 's what someone would attack .
" In the cybersecurity world , things like credit cards , insurance and so forth have started to harden , " he said .
" But the same thing is n't being done for our public infrastructure . "
The intruders , whoever they are , have not tried to damage the power system or other key infrastructure , and no particular area or site was targeted , said sources cited by the Journal .
Nobody may be trying to cut power now , say engineers , but they say there is the ongoing problem of an aging power grid , controlled by a less - than - secure Internet .
And regular people are caught in the middle .
So you 're back home in the evening , using flashlights and candles , and you open your laptop again to see if you can get any updates .
But the battery is low , and finally the machine shuts down , which means that for the most mundane of reasons , you cannot read the end of this sto ...
Browse >
Home Lifestyle / The Biggest Most Horrific Traffic Jams
The Biggest Most Horrific Traffic Jams
You are driving down the road , when suddenly there ’s a big traffic jam ahead .
Â
The hell brakes loose on the road and you are stuck for hours , bored , tired , cold , standing in the road by your vehicle instead of being at home .
You wish you could somehow navigate your way out of it , buy you are there , and it ’s too late to go back .
Â
Thought of this can drive most of drivers nuts .
To those who can stand it you have been warn , do n’t look at these pictures if you ca n’t stand a good old rush hour traffic jam !
Here you ca n’t find the biggest traffic jams and some other types of trouble on the road .
YouTube EDU
College too expensive ?
Try YouTube .
It might seem counterintuitive to look for higher education alongside Avril Lavigne music videos , but the video - sharing site has become a major reservoir of college content .
YouTube has for the last few years been forging partnerships with universities and colleges .
The site recently gathered these video channels under the banner YouTube EDU ( www.youtube.com/edu).
Over 100 schools have partnered with YouTube to make an official channel , including Stanford , MIT , Harvard , Yale and the first university to join YouTube : UC Berkeley .
There are promotional videos like campus tours , but the more interesting content is straight from the classroom or lecture hall .
Many schools have posted videos of guest lecturers , introductory classes and even a full semester ’s course .
At a time when many are finding college unaffordable and the ranks of the unemployed are swelling , free higher learning can sound like a good way to spend some free time .
“ There ’s a huge appetite around the world for people to better themselves , to study subjects that they either never got a chance to or have n’t studied in a while , ” said Obadiah Greenberg , the strategic partnership manager for YouTube .
In 2002 , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology launched the MIT OpenCourse Ware with the plan to make virtually all the school ’s courses available for free online .
As a visitor , one almost feels like you ’ve somehow sneaked through a firewall .
There ’s no registration and within a minute , you can be watching professor Walter Lewin demonstrate the physics of a pendulum by being one himself .
Last December , MIT announced that OCW had been visited by more than 50 million people worldwide .
Via The Times of India
Who knew how easy it was to create your own Pip - Boy ?
You simply grab the Pip - Boy that came with the Amazon edition of the game , do a little reorganizing of the internals , add an iPod Touch , ( which is apparently made by Sony ) and there you go .
Take a look at the video after the break , and then imagine what apps you 'd want to install onto your Pip - Boy .
It works !
I hope he added a way to get the iPod out of there easily , because if not , that 's going to look awfully dorky when he 's jogging and listening to his old - timey music .
Still , a neat hack for a Monday afternoon .
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.18 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - RPC over HTTP support .
- Improved support for upgrades in MSI .
- Debug symbols in WineDbg on Mac OS X. - Many Direct3D code cleanups .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.18.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.18.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.18 : 2366
Wine unable to initiallize on NetBSD 4145 Redraw problem in " The Journal " 8072 Media Player Classic segfaults 11507 nwn2 dm toolkit missing graphical elements 11856
Any application : keyboard focus lost after a popup is unmapped , if SCIM is enabled 12225 EVE Premium , graphics glitches : some effects missing .
12723 LEGO Island Xtreme Stunts : always wants to install DirectX8.1 13308 comctrl32 listview toggles election while scrolling with ctrl key 13469 cmd can't handle long input ( buffer overflow ) 14014 T - Online Browser : Crash on unimplemented Functions ( gdiplus.dll ) 14080 Red Faction : sound does not work 14139 Governor of poker crashes 14185 Wine 1.0 networking issues - / proc / net / route does n't exit on Solaris hosts .
14293 winhelp : Vertical scroll bar is missing in some cases 14624 Metal Fatigue : crashes before game start 14703 Null character comparison problem in vb6 application 14711 ' Type ' command in cmd.exe does not line feed in the end of a file 15356 Textures are not displayed in Final Fantasy XI with an ATI card 15411 Dragon Naturally Speaking 10 takes a very long time to finish loading 15717 Far Cry 2 quits when OffscreenRenderingMode=fbo 16130 Runes of Magic client does n't communicate with the server 16394
No sound in ever17 without native msacm32.dll 16570 FineReader 7
Pro : wo n't save to multiple files .
16941 interrupts cause nested trace output 17183
Not showing any text in one of the textboxes 17499 Sun JRE 1.6.0_12 installer crashes 17683 ExpressPCB : does not properly print circuit board traces 17705 Audiosurf : crashes at startup 17759 CommandLineToArgvW bug with empty lpCmdLine 17822 Logic Friday : crashes when entering equation 17843 Rubbish entries in registry on clean . wine 17854 build broken in rpcrt4 on OpenSolaris
----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.17 : Alexander Morozov ( 1 ) : hal : Fix KfRaiseIrql declaration .
Alexandre Julliard ( 24 ) : loader :
Fix installation for platforms that do n't use extra binaries .
ctl3d32 : Make ctl3d.dll and ctl3dv2.dll into stand - alone 16 - bit modules .
imm32 : Make imm.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
wintab32 : Make wintab.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
wnaspi32 : Make winaspi.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
twain_32 : Make twain.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
rasapi32 : Make rasapi16.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
winmm :
Make sound. drv into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
winnls32 : Make winnls.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
w32skrnl : Make win32s16.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
w32skrnl : Make w32sys.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
winebuild :
Make sure main module is properly initialized .
configure : Always set LDPATH , rpath support is broken on many platforms .
wineps.drv :
Set the line join and cap styles based on the selected pen .
avifil32 : Make avifile.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
wininet / tests :
Fix the http tests for the new winehq.org behavior .
winebuild : Skip non-functions when building the undefined exports file .
kernel32 : Revert incorrect part of commit 7c3529f1cc6a3ce6f0a403c337926c8fc9fbfc57. wininet/tests :
Fix another instance of changed behavior on winehq.org .
configure : socketpair needs - lsocket on Solaris .
ntdll :
Get rid of the no longer used pthread emulation .
include :
Get rid of the definitions for the pthread emulation .
msi/tests : Avoid size_t in traces .
rpcrt4 : Disable HTTP support if we do n't have socketpair and related networking functions .
Anders Jonsson ( 1 ) : wordpad : Update Swedish translation .
Andrew Nguyen ( 5 ) : tapi32 : Stub lineGetDevCapsW. tapi32 : Stub lineMakeCallW. tapi32 : Stub lineGetIDW .
wine .inf : Add entry for fake ddeml.dll .
ddraw / tests : Skip some cooperative level tests on NT4 / Win95 .
Andrew Talbot ( 7 ) : shell32 : Remove uninitialized and superfluous struct .
winex11.drv : Remove order - of - evaluation dependencies .
wineps.drv :
Remove order - of - evaluation dependencies .
ntdll : Remove superfluous semicolon .
winedos : Initializations fix .
advapi32 : Constify some variables .
advapi32 : Constify some variables .
Aric Stewart ( 10 ) : kernel32 : Report unixfs instead of ntfs for unknown filesystem type .
propsys : Stub for PSUnregisterPropertySchema .
msi : Reorder the condition operators so that longer strings are matched first .
msctf : ThreadMgr sink framework .
msctf : Define ITfTextInputProcessor .
Implemented by the Text Services .
msctf : Add ITfThreadMgrEventSink to ThreadMgr. msctf : Hook up the DocumentMgr to be able to forward ITfThreadMgrEventSink events to sinks advised to the ThreadMgr. msi : Verify the existence of fusion.dll before reporting the .
Net version .
advapi32 : Stub TreeResetNamedSecurityInfo for the IE8 installer .
msctf : Implement ThreadMgr ITfSource :: UnadviseSink .
Aurimas Fischer ( 5 ) : mshtml : Update Lithuanian translation .
uninstaller : Add Lithuanian translation .
reg : Add Lithuanian translation .
start : Add Lithuanian translation .
wineboot : Add Lithuanian translation .
Austin English ( 3 ) : winegcc :
Fix a compiler warning on PC - BSD .
twain32 : Fix a compiler warning on PC - BSD .
rpcrt4/test : Change a skip to win_skip .
Christian Costa ( 3 ) : d3dxof : Remove limitation on data buffer size .
amstream : Implement IAMMultiMediaStreamImpl_GetFilterGraph .
kernel32 : Add stub for GetSystemTimes .
Dylan Smith ( 3 ) : richedit : Add bounds checks for EM_GETTEXTRANGE with tests .
winhlp32 : Invalidate scrollbar when changing pages .
richedit : Properly handle lack of semicolon after font name in rtf .
Francois Gouget ( 1 ) : wineesd.drv : Remove esd_host as it is unused .
Hans Leidekker ( 13 ) : msi : Add stub implementations of MsiDeterminePatchSequenceA / W. msi : Implement MsiReinstallProductA/W. msi : Add stub implementations of MsiSourceListClearAllExA/W. msi : Do n't initialize COM for custom action threads .
msi :
Only apply a transform when its language id matches the system language id .
winspool : Support special environment value " all " in EnumPrinterDrivers .
msi : Add some tests for MsiQueryFeatureState .
msi : Detect privately installed assemblies .
msvcrt : Implement _vscprintf and _vscwprintf .
msvcrt :
Add tests for _vscprintf and _vscwprintf .
msi : Enumerate products from all contexts .
msi : Add tests for MsiEnumProducts .
msi : Allocate token information buffer dynamically .
Henri Verbeet ( 50 ) : wined3d : Unload resources on Uninit3D ( ) .
wined3d : Compare the actual formats .
wined3d : Set the currently active context to NULL when it 's destroyed .
d3d9 : Get rid of basetexture .c. d3d9 : Get rid of resource .c. d3d9 : Fix locking .
d3d8 : Get rid of basetexture .c. d3d8 : Get rid of resource .c. d3d8 : Fix locking .
d3d10core :
Only destroy the device when it does n't have any references left .
wined3d : Try to make Coverity shut up ( CID 863 , 905 ) .
d3d8 : Properly handle unsetting the pixelshader in SetPixelShader ( ) .
d3d8 : Cleanup the pixelshader handling code a bit .
d3d8 : Cleanup the vertexshader handling code a bit .
wined3d : Set the byte count for WINED3DFMT_UNKNOWN to 0 . wined3d : Remove the bytesPerPixel field from IWineD3DSurfaceImpl and IWineD3DVolumeImpl. wined3d : Pass format_desc to the Check * Capability ( ) function .
wined3d : Pass format_desc to getColorBits ( ) and getDepthStencilBits ( ) .
wined3d : Pass format_desc to set_shader ( ) .
shdocvw : Add a stub ITaskbarList implementation .
wined3d : Print a warning when the stage is n't mapped to a valid texture unit in tex_coordindex ( ) .
wined3d : Fix the indentation in tex_coordindex ( ) .
wined3d : Print a FIXME in tex_coordindex ( ) when NV_TEXGEN_REFLECTION is n't supported .
wined3d : Reduce the number of checkGLcall 's in tex_coordindex ( ) a bit .
wined3d : Implement WINED3DTSS_TCI_SPHEREMAP .
wined3d : Make the texunit field in struct stb_const_desc unsigned .
wined3d : Fix a few sign compare warnings .
wined3d : Add a more convenient way to check if a surface is on a swapchain .
wined3d : Do n't use rtInternal for surfaces that are on a swapchain .
wined3d : Do the ffp_valid check before even trying to use the element .
d3d8 : Fix some indentation .
d3d9 : Fix some indentation .
d3d9 : Properly initialize the viewport dimensions .
d3d9 : Do n't depend on specific display modes in test_reset ( ) .
wined3d : Remove unused attributes from WineDirect3DVertexStridedData. wined3d : Simplify remove_vbos ( ) .
wined3d : Simplify IWineD3DDeviceImpl_ProcessVertices ( ) .
wined3d : Simplify the " transformed " check in state_lighting ( ) .
wined3d : Pass the number of components to glVertexBlendARB ( ) .
wined3d : Create a separate function for setting basic format info .
wined3d : Create a separate function for checking a format 's FBO compatibility .
wined3d : Create a separate function for setting format fixups .
wined3d : Create a separate function for setting a format 's GL texture info .
wined3d : Make sure the format actually exists in init_format_texture_info( ) .
wined3d : Use separate structures for ddraw style strided data and wined3d 's internal stream info .
wined3d : Remove IWineD3DVertexDeclarationImpl_GetDeclaration ( ) .
wined3d : Remove IWineD3DVertexDeclaration_SetDeclaration ( ) from the public interface .
wined3d : Separate the internal representation of vertex declaration elements from the struct used to create it .
wined3d : Do n't create an END element for wined3d vertex declarations .
wined3d : Unify vertex and texture formats .
Huw Davies ( 14 ) : ole32 : Remove unused static variable .
ole32 : Do n't allocate the ole clipboard object in global memory - we 're not going to directly expose it to other processes .
ole32 : Add a helper function to retrieve the implementation ptr. ole32 : Rearrange functions to eliminate forward declarations .
ole32 : p Fmt is n't exposed to the client , so simplify its allocation .
ole32 : Simplify QueryInterface .
ole32 : Use IsEqualIID rather than memcmp .
ole32 : Register DataObject clipboard format .
ole32 : Store the ole clipboard window's HWND in the DataObject clipboard format .
ole32 : Move the code to set the clipboard formats to a separate function .
ole32/ tests : Tests for the ' Ole Private Data ' clipboard format .
rpcrt4 : Dynamically allocate the buffer if the fixed size one is n't large enough .
Do n't return an inappropriate error if we fail to get the status text , it 's only used for diagnostics .
ole32 : OleFlushClipboard should n't call EmptyClipboard .
ole32 : Set the ' Ole Private Data ' clipboard format .
Hwang YunSong ( 황윤성 ) ( 1 ) : mshtml : Updated Korean resource .
Jacek Caban ( 4 ) : urlmon : Code clean up .
urlmon : Return IAsyncMoniker from QueryInterface .
urlmon : Added StdURLMoniker implementation .
urlmon : Fixed handling NULL URLName in GetDisplatName implementation .
James Hawkins ( 15 ) : msi : Fix a typo ( Coverity 910 ) .
msi : Enumerate the current user 's patches if szUserSid is NULL .
msi : Allow the enumeration of other users ' patches .
msi : Factor out the MsiEnumPatchesEx tests and test the NULL szUserSid and an szUserSid that is different from the current user .
msi : Test and handle the case where the SourceList key does not exist and the PackageName value does not exist in MsiGetProductInfo .
msi : MsiCollectUserInfo cannot be called from a custom action ( Coverity 565 , 566 ) .
msi : Do n't try to release a NULL record , with tests ( Coverity 536 ) .
msi : Handle a NULL and empty szPackagePath in MsiInstallProduct ( Coverity 181 ) .
twain _32 : Fix the use of an uninitialized variable ( Coverity 908 ) .
cmd : Fix a memory leak ( Coverity 904 ) .
winebuild : Document the correlation of spec-> ordinals and spec -> limit with an assertion ( Coverity 902 ) .
kernel32 : Add tests for WritePrivateProfileString .
kernel32 : Set last error to ERROR_FILE_NOT_FOUND if lpAppName is NULL .
kernel32 : Handle writing empty sections and keys in WritePrivateProfileString .
kernel32 : Do n't try to load an empty initialization file .
Kai Blin ( 1 ) : quartz / tests : If CoCreateInstance ( ) fails , it 's safe to return , as no cleanup is needed .
Ken Thomases ( 4 ) : dbghelp :
Add support for debugging Mach - O modules .
dbghelp : Recognize .dylib files as Mach - O modules .
dbghelp / stabs : For Mach - O , line numbers use absolute address , not offset .
dbghelp : Include Mach - O modules in minidumps .
Kirill K. Smirnov ( 1 ) : mciavi32 : Fix typo .
Konstantin Kondratyuk ( 2 ) : fonts : Add Bielorussian and Ukrainian symbols to tahomabd .
fonts : Add Bielorussian and Ukrainian symbols to tahoma .
Kusanagi Kouichi ( 1 ) : winex11.drv :
Make import / export functions static .
Lei Zhang ( 1 ) : oleaut32 : Fix some corner cases in VarBstrCmp. Michael Stefaniuc ( 24 ) : mshtml : Update the Romanian translation .
mshtml : Convert the German translation to UTF8 .
mshtml : Update the German translation .
reg : Change the German translation to UTF8 .
reg : Fix / update the German translation .
regedit : Remove commented out STRINGTABLE from the resource files .
regedit : Convert the German translation to UTF8 .
regedit : Fix the German translation .
ntdll : Remove superfluous pointer casts .
advapi32/tests :
Do n't use " long " for variable types .
d3dxof /tests : Use ULONG instead of unsigned long .
d3d8/tests : Use ULONG instead of unsigned long .
d3d9/tests : Use LONG instead of long .
ddraw / tests : Use ULONG instead of unsigned long .
msi : Convert the German translation to UTF8 encoding .
msi : Update the German translation .
msi : Add the Romanian translation .
setupapi : Update the Romanian translation .
gdi32 : Use " %p " to TRACE ( ) pointers .
uninstaller : Add the Romanian translation .
msi : Remove redundant NULL check before msi_free ( Smatch ) .
d3dxof : Remove redundant NULL check before HeapFree ( Smatch ) .
crypt32 : Change the encoding of the German translation to UTF8 .
crypt32 : Update the German translation .
Nicolas Le Cam ( 2 ) : shell32/ tests : Fix a test on Win2k platform and above .
schannel / tests : Fix test on Win2k .
Nikolay Sivov ( 9 ) : comctl32/tab : Implement TCM_REMOVEIMAGE .
comctl32/tab : Fix button background filling on TCS_BUTTONS .
comctl32/tab : Implement TCM_[ G,S]ETEXTENDEDSTYLE
and TCS_EX_FLATSEPARATORS
style .
comctl32/trackbar :
Fix reverting to default value for TBM_SETPAGESIZE with lParam = - 1. comctl32 / ipaddress : Store current IP address text as a window text for IP Address control .
comctl32/ listview : Some tests for LVM_GETSUBITEMRECT .
comctl32/tab : Draw tab button properly on TCIS_BUTTONPRESSED state .
comctl32/tab : Handle state mask in TCM_ [ G, S] ETITEM .
comctl32 / tab : Selected item should have TCIS_BUTTONPRESSED state .
Patrick Gauthier ( 1 ) : user32/tests : Check effect of magic font height value 0x7 fff in dialog template .
Paul Vriens ( 6 ) : urlmon / tests : Fix a test failure on Vista and higher .
riched20 / tests : Fix and extend EM_FORMATRANGE tests .
winspool.drv/tests :
Fix a test failure on NT4 and below .
comctl32/tests : Fix a crash on W2 K and below .
kernel32/tests : Fix crash on NT4 and higher .
kernel32/tests :
Fix some test failures on NT4 and below .
Rein Klazes ( 3 ) : user32/tests :
In sysparams .c disable some Get / Set border tests for now .
These may permanently change desktop settings of the testers .
user32 : In MENU_SuspendPopup ( ) make sure the right message is removed .
user32/tests : Show that a submenu is still functional after calling DestroyMenu ( ) .
Ricardo Filipe ( 2 ) : setupapi : Remove invalid check for < MAX_PATH and do n't copy to NULL PathBuffer ( Coverity 888 ) .
comdlg32 : Send CDN_INCLUDEITEM
notification for each object in an Open / Save dialog .
Rob Shearman ( 18 ) : widl : Check the attributes applied to function declarations .
widl : Output correct code for freeing of conformant - sized and non-conformant strings .
widl : Initialise ref pointers to basic and enum types to 0 in generated server code .
rpcrt4 : Free the resources associated with server protocol sequences on DLL unload .
rpcrt4 : Simplify some code in RpcServerInqBindings by changing while loops into for loops .
rpcrt4 : Implement NdrRangeUnmarshall for enum types .
rpcrt4 : Fix a memory leak in union unmarshall functions by never passing fMustAlloc=TRUE into union_arm_unmarshall .
services :
Add a ref count to the service entry in svcctl_CreateServiceW .
advapi32 : Trace the contents of the in parameter to GetServiceKeyNameW , not the out parameter .
services : svcctl_GetServiceDisplayNameW and svcctl_GetServiceKeyNameW should have string attribute on output buffer .
services : Always initialise the out buffer in svcctl_QueryServiceStatusEx and svcctl_QueryServiceConfig2W .
rpcrt4 : Fix crash when calling RpcServerUseProtseq for ncacn_np and ncalrpc .
rpcrt4 : Implement stubless asynchronous NDR interpreter .
rpcrt4 : Implement RPC over HTTP support .
widl : Include the version number in the __WIDL__ preprocessor definition .
rpcrt4 : Re-use already registered endpoints for a protocol sequence .
rpcrt4 : Allow listening on dynamically generated ncacn_ip_tcp endpoints .
rpcrt4 : Ensure that only the IP / IPv6 address families are considered in rpcrt4_protseq_ncacn_ip_tcp_open_endpoint/rpcrt4_ncacn_ip_tcp_open.
Robert Reif ( 1 ) : dsound : Fix uninitialized variable .
Roderick Colenbrander ( 2 ) : wined3d : Add WGL_ARB_pixel_format detection .
wined3d : Add a classic WGL pixel format backend as not all OpenGL implementations support WGL_ARB_pixel_format .
Roman Mindalev ( 3 ) : ntdll : Check for arch and name fields in assembly_identity structure .
ntdll :
Free memory for type field of an assembly_identity .
ntdll : Move search for assembly Identity element .
Stefano Guidoni ( 1 ) : winemp3 : Fixed mpeg3_streamsize .
Vincent Povirk ( 1 ) : gdiplus : Support line gradient brushes in GdipFillPath .
Vitaliy Margolen ( 1 ) : shell32 : Fix number of returned arguments from CommandLineToArgvW with empty string .
William Waghorn ( 2 ) : msadp32 : Refuse unknown destination format .
imaadp32 : Refuse unknown destination format .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
As part of my fortieth birthday celebration , I spent last Sunday shopping with my mom at Clackamas Town Center .
We shopped until the mall closed and then Mom treated me to dinner at the nearby Olive Garden .
I used to really like Olive Garden .
Now I do n't know if I 'll ever be able to eat there again ...
( Would n't you just know it , that right after posting " The Grossest Thing Ever , " something much worse , much more gross , would happen ? )
The dining area in the Olive Garden is separated into several " rooms . "
On this night , in the " room " around the corner from us there was a fairly large group ( eight or ten people or so ) of middle aged folks .
Across the aisle from us was a young family group of two couples and three little kids .
Seated at the table in front of us was an attractive young couple .
Near the end of our meal a very heavy older man was leaving the group of middle aged folks .
Walking was a struggle for him and I could hear him huffing and puffing from the effort .
Suddenly , he stopped right behind my chair and in a very guttural voice kind of grunted , " Uh oh . "
At that very same moment the overwhelming stench of ... excrement just about made me throw up .
I was seriously close to a round - trip visit to hurl - ville .
The smell was horrible .
Vile .
Unbearable .
My mind raced to try to explain what had just happened .
Maybe one of the little kids from across the aisle had a diaper issue ?
Maybe Puffy just tooted , right ?
Right ?
But then he gestured for the manager to come over and since he was right behind me , I heard him ask the manager , " Could you have someone follow me out and clean up after me ? " ( WTF ? ? )
The manager said something to the effect of " I understand , sir " and promptly disappeared .
Puffy continued on his way , walking between our table and the young families table , then past the attractive couple .
And with every step he took , a glob of poo fell out of the bottom of his pant leg into a little pile on the floor .
EVERY STEP .
Step...plop...step...plop ...
Puffy walked ... very ... slowly ... leaving behind him an unbelievable trail of shit .
The wait staff was somehow completely unaware of what was happening and in rushing around to deliver lasagna proceeded to walk through it .
And track it ALL OVER .
My mom and I looked at each other in complete horror .
I am not making this up .
This really happened .
My mom said " LET'S GET OUT OF HERE ! "
We very carefully watched our steps and hurried out of there as fast as was possible .
The path of poo piles continued right through the waiting area and out the door .
I cannot possibly describe to you the copious amounts of human waste that we are talking about here .
As we were walking out , a man walking in pointed to the smears of shit on the floor and asked the twelve year old hostess , " WHAT is THAT ? "
She looked at a perfectly innocent gentleman who was waiting for a table , and standing unfortunately close to one of the piles of crap , and tried to blame it on him .
" Oh , I think it must have come in on his shoe ... "
I tried to explain to her what had really happened but I 'm not sure she got it because I was telling her as I was walking out .
No way was I going to stop to tell her what had happened .
We just really wanted to get the hell out of there .
( Besides , Puffy did tell a manager , right ? )
My poor mom had to pee but we were so desperate to get out of there that she decided against using the restroom there .
We drove to the Target right by the restaurant and used their facility .
On the way out of Olive Garden I was making her laugh so hard she almost had an accident of her own .
I asked mom , " Did you want to sit in the shitting section or the non-shitting section ? "
I think we were seriously in shock .
We found ourselves looking down at the floor and watching our step in Target because we were so traumatized .
And when we realized what we were doing we started laughing so hard people probably thought we were drunk .
Afterward I just kept shuddering because it was almost impossible to make the awful images and thoughts go away .
Thoughts like :
What kind of gastrointestinal distress has to happen for you to shit yourself ?
What the hell did he order ?
Did he have pre-existing " issues " and maybe his " Depends " turned out to be not - so - dependable ?
Puffy had to then go out to his car and ( squish ) sit down .
How many different health codes are violated when there is poop on the floor of your restaurant dining room and your staff is tromping through it ?
EEW .
Shudder .
( And fellow bloggers , how DO you type a retching noise , anyway ? )
I told my husband what happened and he now calls Olive Garden " Poop Garden . "
If I had a disgusting association , like this one , with all of my favorite foods , I would be super - model thin in a matter of weeks .
Was this karma ?
Did I spend too much that day at the mall ?
All I know is that this was one of the most disgusting things that I have ever experienced .
And I know disgusting .
This was right up there with when the neighbor boy peed on my head .
Almost as bad as when a seagull pooped on my head .
And if you have n't had your fill of doodey stories , you can look forward to my posts on those incidents ...
Super soldiers
The mutant superhero Wolverine from the movie ' X - men Origins . '
( Image credit : Twentieth Century Fox )
A super soldier program produces Marvel superhero Wolverine in the movie " X - Men Origins : Wolverine , " along with rivals Sabretooth and Weapon XI .
Now LiveScience looks back on real experiments that the U.S. government ran on soldiers and citizens to advance the science of war .
The military did n't replicate Wolverine 's indestructible skeleton and retractable claws .
Rather , they shot accident victims up with plutonium , tested nerve gas on sailors , and tried out ESP .
While some of the tests seem outlandish in hindsight , the military continues to push the envelope in seeking new warfare techniques based on cutting - edge science and technology .
" My measure of success is that the International Olympic Committee bans everything we do , " said Michael Goldblatt , former head of DARPA 's Defense Sciences Office , while talking with reporters .
And that 's not a Hollywood script .
Build your inner armor
The mutant superhero Wolverine from the movie ' X - men Origins . '
( Image credit : Twentieth Century Fox )
Perhaps super soldiers may not be far off after all , if efforts such as DARPA 's " Inner Armor " project find success .
Consider efforts to give humans the extreme abilities of some animals , such as the high - altitude conditioning of the bar - headed Goose that has been known to crash into jet aircraft at more than 34,000 feet .
Scientists are also eying the Steller sea lion , which redirects blood flow away from non-critical organs during deep sea dives and reduces oxygen demand .
" I do not accept that our soldiers cannot physically outperform the enemy on his home turf , " said Dr. Michael Callahan , who heads the project at DARPA 's Defense Sciences Office , during a 2007 presentation .
The goal is to make soldiers " kill - proof " against all sorts of conditions , including infectious diseases , chemical , biological and radioactive weapons , temperature and altitude extremes , and harsh natural environments .
Sounds like a certain mutant superhero .
24/7 Warrior
The Lockheed Martin F - 22 Raptor is the U.S. Air Force 's supreme fighter .
Credit : U.S. Air Force
Sleep can be a warrior 's worst enemy , whether during day - long battles or long - duration missions flown from halfway around the world .
But various military branches have tried to change that over the years by distributing " go pills " or stimulants such as amphetamines .
More recently , the military has tested and deployed the drug modafinil – more commonly known under brands such as Provigil – which has supposedly enabled soldiers to stay awake for 40 hours straight without ill effect .
And the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) is funding even more unusual anti-sleep research , such as transcranial magnetic stimulation that zaps the brain with electromagnetism .
Psychic vision
Photo ( Image credit : Dreamstime )
Psychics may not hold much credibility among scientists , but the Pentagon spent roughly $ 20 million testing extrasensory ( ESP ) powers such as remote viewing from 1972 to 1996 .
Remote viewers would try to envision geographical locations that they had never seen before , such as nuclear facilities or bunkers in foreign lands .
Mixed results led to conflicts within the intelligence agencies , even as the project continued under names such as " Grill Flame " and " Star Gate , " and led to spooks finally abandoning the effort .
The CIA declassified such information in files released in 2002 .
Nerve gas spray
Nuclear , biological and chemical team members from the 1st Civil Support Team of the Massachusetts National Guard survey a former Soviet naval ship for radioactive material during a training exercise March 4 , 2009 at the Battle Ship Cove naval ship display in Fall River Mass .
( Image credit : Sgt. James Lally / Mass .
National Guard )
Threats of chemical and biological warfare led the U.S. Department of Defense to start " Project 112 " from 1963 to the early 1970s .
Part of the effort involved spraying different ships and hundreds of Navy sailors with nerve agents such as sarin and VX , in order to test the effectiveness of decontamination procedures and safety measures at the time .
The Pentagon revealed the details of the Project Shipboard Hazard and Defense ( SHAD ) project in 2002 , and the Veterans Administration began studying possible health effects among sailors who participated in SHAD .
This was just one of many chemical warfare experiments conducted by the U.S. military , starting with volunteer tests involving mustard gas in World War II .
Hallucinogenic Warfare
Power Nap Device
In Development
Psychoactive drugs such as marijuana , LSD and PCP do n't just have street value : Researchers once hoped the drugs could become chemical weapons that disabled enemy soldiers .
U.S. Army volunteers took pot , acid and angel dust at a facility in Edgewood , Md. From 1955 to 1972 , although those drugs proved too mellow for weapons use .
The Army did eventually develop hallucinogenic artillery rounds that could disperse powdered quinuclidinyl benzilate , which left many test subjects in a sleep - like condition for days .
The National Academy of Sciences conducted a study in 1981 that found no ill effects from the testing , and Dr. James Ketchum published the first insider account of the research in his 2007 book " Chemical Warfare : Secrets Almost Forgotten . "
Falling near the speed of sound
One giant leap from the stratosphere .
The 1960 high - dive of Joseph Kittinger , part of a U.S. Air Force program designed to test whether pilots could survive high - altitude bailouts .
( Image credit : Credit : U.S. Air Force )
When the U.S. Air Force wanted to find out how well pilots could survive high - altitude jumps , they turned to Captain Joseph Kittinger , Jr. The test pilot made several jumps as head of " Project Excelsior " during the 1950s .
Each time involved riding high - altitude Excelsior balloons up tens of thousands of feet , before jumping , free falling and parachuting to the desert floor in New Mexico .
Kittinger 's third record - breaking flight on August 16 , 1960 took him up to 102,800 feet , or almost 20 miles .
He then leaped and freefell at speeds of up to 614 mph , not far from the speed of sound 's 761 mph , and endured temperatures as low as minus 94 degrees Fahrenheit .
Pacifist guinea pigs
Operation Whitecoat took place at Fort Detrick , Maryland , where Seventh - Day Adventist draftees volunteered to undergo biological weapons testing with disease - causing agents .
( Image credit : Credit : US Army )
Most soldiers do n't sign up to fight deadly viruses and bacteria , but that 's what more than 2,300 young Seventh - Day Adventists did when drafted by the U.S. Army .
As conscientious objectors during the Cold War who interpreted the Bible 's commandment " Thou shalt not kill " very literally , many volunteered instead to serve as guinea pigs for testing vaccines against biological weapons .
Volunteers recalled being miserable for several days with fever , chills and bone - deep aches from diseases such as Q fever .
None died during the secretive " Operation Whitecoat , " which took place at Fort Detrick , Maryland from 1954 to 1973 .
Rocket rider
Colonel John Stapp rides a rocket sled at Edwards Air Force Base in California .
( Image credit : Credit : US Air Force )
Before man could launch into orbit and to the moon , he rode rocket sleds on the ground first .
NASA scientists developed decompression sleds that could race at speeds of more than 400 mph before screeching to an abrupt halt , and early testing often had fatal results for chimpanzee subjects that suffered brain damage .
Starting in 1954 , Colonel John Stapp of the U.S. Air Force endured grueling tests that subjected his body to forces 35 times that of gravity , including one record - setting run of 632 miles per hour .
As a flight surgeon , he voluntarily took on the risks of 29 sled runs , during which he suffered concussions , cracked ribs , a twice - fractured wrist , lost dental fillings , and burst blood vessels in both eyes .
Get your plutonium shot
A facility at Hanford for treating persons injured by embedded radioactive particles ( circa 1967 ) .
In this shielded operating cell , a mock patient is flanked by a surgeon ( right ) and a radiation monitor .
( Image credit : Credit : Department of Energy )
As the United States raced to build its first atomic bombs near the end of World War II , scientists wanted to know more about the hazards of plutonium .
Testing began on April 10 , 1945 with the injection of plutonium into the victim of a car accident in Oak Ridge , Tenn. , to see how quickly the human body rid itself of the radioactive substance .
That was just the first of over 400 human radiation experiments .
Common studies included seeing the biological effects of radiation with various doses , and testing experimental treatments for cancer .
Records of this research became public in 1995 , after the U.S. Department of Energy published them .
Seeing infrared
Seen through a night - vision device , a U.S. Army soldier re-arms an OH - 58 Kiowa Warrior helicopter with a rocket during night aerial gunnery at the Pohakuloa Training Area , Hawaii , Feb. 5 , 2009 .
( Image credit : Credit : U.S. Army / Sgt. Mike Alberts )
The U.S. Navy wanted to boost sailors ' night vision so they could spot infrared signal lights during World War II .
However , infrared wavelengths are normally beyond the sensitivity of human eyes .
Scientists knew vitamin A contained part of a specialized light - sensitive molecule in the eye 's receptors , and wondered if an alternate form of vitamin A could promote different light sensitivity in the eye .
They fed volunteers supplements made from the livers of walleyed pikes , and the volunteers ' vision began changing over several months to extend into the infrared region .
Such early success went down the drain after other researchers developed an electronic snooperscope to see infrared , and the human study was abandoned .
Other nations also played with vitamin A during World War II – Japan fed its pilots a preparation that boosted vitamin A absorption , and saw their night vision improve by 100 percent in some cases .
2008 was not a banner year for the PSP in North America , with a software release list that could nicely be called thin .
That was in part due to developers nearly abandoning the platform .
Advertisement
Peter Dille , senior vice president of marketing at Sony Computer Entertainment America , tells Gamasutra that third - party publishers were " just about ready to jump off the cliff and pull support for the platform , " some of which may be chalked up to massive amounts of PSP software piracy .
Dille says that " piracy has taken out a big chunk of our software sales on PSP " and that the company is pursuing both legal and educational efforts to decrease it .
Advertisement
" It 's not good for us , but it 's not good for the development community , " Dille tells Gamasutra .
" We can look at data from BitTorrent sites from the day Resistance : Retribution goes on sale and see how many copies are being downloaded illegally , and it 's frankly sickening .
We are spending a lot of time talking about how we can deal with that problem . "
One of those changes may be a move to more digitally distributed titles , as games like echochrome and Patapon 2 go download only .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
Sony : Piracy Has Taken ' Big Chunk Of Game Sales ' From PSP [ Gamasutra ]
According to a previously reliable source , Apple misrepresented the reasons behind Macworld and Jobs ' keynote cancellation .
Allegedly , the real cause is his rapidly declining health .
In fact , it may be even worse than we imagined :
Steves health is rapidly declining .
Apple is choosing to remove the hype factor strategically vs letting the hype destroy apple when the inevitable news comes later this spring .
This strategic loss will be less of a bang with investors .
This is why Macworld is a no - go anymore .
No more Steve means no more hype .
Saying they are no longer needing [ Macworld ] is the cover designed by the worldwide " loyalty " department .
Advertisement
This source has repeatedly been 100 % correct before .
Those times , however , were always related to news and images of unreleased Apple products .
I can only hope that , in this more personal matter , it is absolutely wrong .
And that if he is not , that sentence just means that Steve Jobs is retiring according to his plan .
Advertisement
While Steve Jobs ' health is nobody 's business - not the press , not investors , not the public - we believe that there 's a line between saying " no- comment " and plainly misleading - once again - the public .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Steve Jobs have been giving Macworld Expo keynotes since he came back as interim CEO of the company in 1997 .
Since then he has never failed once , always introducing notable products both at Macworld San Francisco and Macworld New York .
During his latest Macworld keynote , in 2008 , he introduced the MacBook Air .
Later this year , he used his WWDC presentation to announce the new iPhone 3G .
In his last two show - n - tells , for the new iPods and the new MacBooks , he used less time on stage , giving more limelight to key members of Apple 's executive team .
According to our Deep Throat 's report , the fact seems to be that whether or not Apple had other reasons to pull out of Macworld , they were n't the only ones , and they certainly were n't the same ones used for not putting Steve Jobs through the ordeal of a two - hour presentation .
Advertisement
Apple did not comment on this story after being contacted .
Introduction
' surfing the Web is a procrastinator 's dream .
And people who see you doing it might even imagine you 're working . ' - theres a very good chance you 'll be able to identify with that right now .
Anyway , more words of wisdom from the cyberpunk guru .
The Iraq war may be winding down .
But the battle for Afghanistan could continue until 2025 .
That 's the view , at least , of Lt. Gen. ( Ret. ) David Barno , the former head of coalition forces in Afghanistan .
In testimony yesterday before the Senate Armed Services Committee , Barno outlined a strategy that anticipates keeping U.S. troops there for another 16 years .
Barno's vision of the Afghanistan strategy , in brief :
2009 – Holding Operation : A surge of combat forces to protect the population during the upcoming presidential elections and to stabilize the security situation ;
2010 – Counteroffensive : provide security to the population while building state institutions and mentoring the Afghan government ;
2010 - 2015 - Consolidation : Begin selective transition ( " Afghanization " ) of security in the north and west ;
2015 - 2025 – Transition : continue selective transition – as security allows – and hand over control to responsible Afghan institutions .
It 's unusual to hear someone discuss a long - term presence in Afghanistan with such candor .
And while Barno may be out of uniform , his influence continues .
For instance : his paper was prepared in collaboration with counterinsurgency guru Dave Kilcullen .
[ PHOTO : U.S. Department of Defense ]
ALSO :
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The number of people in Britain with surnames like Cockshott , Balls , Death and Shufflebottom -- likely the source of schoolroom laughter -- has declined by up to 75 percent in the last century .
A generic picture of an Oxford English dictionary and a thesaurus appear in this undated file photo .
REUTERS / Catherine Benson
A study found the number of people with the name Cock shrank to 785 last year from 3,211 in 1881 , those called Balls fell to 1,299 from 2,904 and the number of Deaths were reduced to 605 from 1,133 .
People named Smellie decreased by 70 percent , Dafts by 51 percent , Gotobeds by 42 percent , Shufflebottoms by 40 percent , and Cockshotts by 34 percent , said Richard Webber , visiting professor of geography at King ’s College , London .
“ If you find the ( absolute ) number goes down , it ’s either because they changed their names or they emigrated , ” Webber , author of the study , told Reuters Wednesday .
He said that in many cases , people probably changed their surnames as they came to be regarded as in bad taste .
“ It ’s because the meaning of words can change .
Take the name Daft -- that as a term for a stupid is a relatively recent innovation . ”
According to the Oxford English Dictionary , Daft meant “ mild ” or “ meek ” in Old English , whereas it means “ foolish ” today .
“ That ’s why there are names which people think are n’t really very pleasant names and you wonder why they persisted as long as they did . ”
Webber , whose work can be seen on the website mapyourname.com , got his data for 2008 from credit card firm Experian and mapping service Geowise .
He then compared it with the census of 1881 .
Webber also discovered that the most popular names in Britain have not changed over the past 127 years .
Last year , Smith , Jones , Williams , Brown , Taylor and Davies held the top five spots , in exactly the same order as they did a century ago .
Webber also found that between 1996 and 2008 , the names Zhang , Wang , and Yang and experienced the fastest growth .
Zhang rose by 4719 percent , while Wang grew by 2225 percent .
A Florida pharmacy acknowledged Thursday that it had incorrectly mixed a medication given to the 21 polo horses that died Sunday at the United States Open Polo Championship , even as state and federal authorities waited for the results of a toxicology test that would determine the cause of the horses ’ deaths .
Jennifer Beckett , the chief operations officer of Franck ’s Pharmacy in Ocala , Fla. , said in a statement that the strength of an ingredient in a medication mixed at the request of a veterinarian was incorrect , and that the pharmacy had notified the state ’s health department .
Although Beckett did not name the ingredient or the medicine , a statement released to The Associated Press on Thursday by the polo team , Lechuza Caracas , indicated that a team veterinarian had ordered a vitamin mixture similar to Biodyl , a supplement that is not approved by the Food and Drug Administration .
Despite the revelations Thursday , a spokeswoman for Florida ’s Department of Agriculture said investigators had not identified a cause of death and were awaiting the results of a toxicology test .
Spokeswomen for the F.D.A. and the Florida Department of Health declined to comment , saying the investigation had not been completed .
CHISINAU , Moldova 
On Wednesday , Moldova ’s Parliament building was seared black from fire , and its ceremonial entryway was spray - painted with crossed - out hammers and sickles .
Filing cabinets lay where they crashed to the ground the night before , while office papers were tangled in the boughs of pine trees .
Ruslan Grosu , 21 , stood outside , trying to make sense of it .
“ A little revolution happened here , ” he said .
“ There is this power in our youth , and they should respect our wishes . ”
But from inside the building came the bleak sound of workers knocking out broken windows , and Mr. Grosu felt compelled to add this : “ Almost all of us think it is bad and evil , what happened here . ”
“ We are not thieves , ” he said .
A day after a huge anti-Communist rally turned violent in Chisinau , Moldova ’s capital , everyone was speculating about who was behind it .
Image Workers cleaning up in front of the parliament building on Wednesday .
Credit ...
John McConnico / Associated Press
President Vladimir Voronin said the event had been planned by Romanians , and called for the Romanian ambassador to leave within 24 hours .
Youth activists charged that opposition parties had hijacked an otherwise peaceful crowd for their own purposes .
And the opposition leader Vlad Filat said authorities had allowed the protests to get out of hand in order to portray the president ’s challengers as extremists .
Listening to the news on the radio yesterday I mistakenly assumed it was a programme dedicated to men's violence against women and children .
First there was the case of the mother and her four daughters who were burned to death .
Then the case of the woman murdered by her jealous ex-boyfriend after a campaign of harassment .
Then the man who killed three children and their stepfather by torching their home as they slept , because his 16 year old girlfriend had " rejected " him .
He had killed a woman previously when she ended their affair , but the jury in its wisdom decided he had been " provoked " and found him not guilty of murder .
He served three years and came out to kill four others .
Oh , and let 's not forget the teenager raped in a park by 8 men , " allegedly " of course .
A quick trawl of other news stories this week where men have raped , tortured , killed and abused women and children produced the following :
Man given six year in prison for raping woman for being a lesbian ; student union president in rape trial for raping fresher ; man kills daughter in revenge for " wife cheating " ; man who killed whole family after being released previously for killing girlfriend given 35 years in prison ; man arrives back in UK after trial for killing girlfriend collapses ; gang rapist jailed , four walk free ; man on trial for killing wife ; woman beaten for saying Ronaldo is gorgeous ; human rights guidelines to be changed after woman murdered by paroled rapist .
These are cases reported in national newspaper , over the past 4 days , and there are more I did not include .
The irony is I and other feminists who fight against male violence towards women and children are labelled " man haters " .
Am I missing something ?
It is men who hate women , going on the evidence of the above cases , and the millions of incidents of battery , child sexual abuse , rape , sexual harassment , torture and murder of women and girls by boys and men .
Before the misogynists start ranting on about how many men are abused by women , how many women kill their children , etc , etc , do n't bother .
Every piece of credible research produced in every country in the world where this work has been done shows that sexual and domestic violence is committed overwhelmingly by men against females .
The men who regularly get very offended on this blog , protesting that they have never hurt a fly , probably do not do an awful lot to stop other men harming women .
Where are men's voices of protest in this war against women ?
When can we expect your support in reducing numbers of females killed and raped by men ?
I will not be holding my breath , but in the meantime , I will say loud and proud , yes , today I hate men , and will tomorrow and the day after .
But only the men who perpetrate these crimes against my sisters , and those who do nothing to stop it .
Are you in either one of those categories ?
If so , then I despise you .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Karrie Karahalios can show a child with Asperger ’s Syndrome when he ’s lost in a conversational riff or a taciturn spouse when he does n’t speak very much .
People are shown using the " Conversation Clock " at the University of Illinois in this undated publicity photo released to Reuters on March 23 , 2009 .
Each colored ring shows whether one person is dominating the conversation of whether they are taking turns .
Their voice appears on a computer terminal as vibrant colors -- red , yellow , blue , green -- the image growing in size if the voice gets louder , overlapping another color as it interrupts or abruptly narrowing with silence .
REUTERS / Tony Bergstrom / University of Illinois / Handout
Their voice appears on a computer terminal as vibrant colors -- red , yellow , blue , green -- the image growing in size if the voice gets louder , overlapping another color as it interrupts or abruptly narrowing with silence .
They are talking in color .
Karahalios , a computer scientist at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , has devised a way to digitize conversations and spit them back as images that let people “ see ” their own conversations on computer monitors .
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology - trained professor says her method provides feedback in real time and can act as a type of social mirror , allowing people to adjust their speech in the same way they adjust their appearance before a glass mirror .
“ You look into a mirror and you change your dress , your expression , because you see exactly how it ’s happening in real time , ” she said .
The colors linger so people can see the progression of an entire conversation , not only the present moment .
The computer program , which she calls a “ conversation clock , ” has been tested with low - functioning autistic children and in marriage counseling and is being prepared for use with Asperger ’s Syndrome .
People with that disorder , at the high end of the autism spectrum , often have sophisticated vocabularies but troubled social interactions .
“ Kids with Asperger ’s tend to do ‘ monologuing ’ and ‘ lecturing ’ ” without letting others intervene , ” said Maria Dixon , a clinical instructor in hearing and speech at the University of Maryland .
“ The challenge is to get them visual feedback while this is happening . ”
The experiment will use the conversation clock program with two children sitting across from each other at a table .
It will show if children with Asperger ’s do what other users of the clock tend to do -- change their conversational patterns to balance the colors that appear on the computer screen .
That would put an end to monologuing , at least during the experiment .
“ My older son is fascinated , because he thinks this could really help him , ” said psycholinguist Sara Weyland , Dixon ’s colleague and the mother of two children with Asperger’s .
Karahalios ’ team has prepared for a year and will run the study this summer at the College Park , Maryland , campus .
“ BALANCED CONVERSATION ”
Karahalios has been studying the use of computers and visualization of human speech for more than a decade .
She published her work on the “ conversation clock ” two years ago and is continuing to refine it .
Experts in various fields have suggested a variety of applications , including marriage counseling .
She also has a request to use the clock to teach turn - taking to people with a specific kind of brain injury .
Karahalios presented her work this month at the eComm Conference in San Francisco .
She described a test in which four people sat at a table , each fitted with a lapel microphone matched to a color and attached to a computer .
The conversation clock charts a colorful , real - time record of their conversation that is projected on the table , instead of on a wall or a computer screen .
The “ clock ” shows the progress of the talk .
Three times a second , a color bar pops up showing who was speaking .
The louder the speech , the longer the bar .
Interruptions are shown as overlapping color bars .
Every minute , a new circle of bars is rendered in a visual record akin to the rings of tree trunk .
Karahalios found that once it was turned on , people tried to balance their conversation .
“ Everyone sees the exact same thing and people almost felt like it had to be a balance of color , ” Karahalios said .
“ I ’m not saying that balanced conversation is good conversation .
It ’s fascinating how people behaved . ”
Once she had established her techniques , Karahalios worked to apply them to children with autism .
Research has shown computers can teach in ways that reduce human - to - human interaction , which tends to be a source of anxiety to people with autism .
That came into play in an experiment Karahalios did with some low - functioning autistic children , age 3 and 7 , who did not talk .
The idea was to help children “ vocalize , ” using sounds that are the basis of speech instead of screams or grunts .
When a child watching the computer monitor vocalized , a cartoon character would spin , or a cone would erupt in fireworks .
The longer the vocalization the greater the reaction : the cartoon character spun more quickly , or more fireworks appeared .
As for audio , the computer would give the child an “ echo , ” a short sound for a short sound , a longer one for a longer sound .
“ We got him to say 10 words , which his mother had never gotten him to say , ” said Joshua Hailpern , a doctoral candidate working with Karahalios and two other professors .
Karahalios hopes for the day her work can become widely available to help children and families , through iPhone programs and as toys for children .
A toy for autistic children who have trouble working with doctors , or who are far away from specialized help , could give “ rewards ” to kids as they play with the toy and make sounds .
“ We do n’t want it to look like a small computer , ” she said .
“ It needs to be inviting ... fun and engaging . ”
" These books try to impress you with the massive amounts of data that they gather , but much of the data are not valid , " says Phil Rosenzweig , a professor at Switzerland 's International Institute for Management Development and author of " The Halo Effect , " a 2007 book that set out to debunk much of the business - success literature .
" These sorts of data are seen through the lens of the company 's success .
They do n't explain the company 's success , they are explained by it . "
Along with Rosenzweig's , the past few years have seen books by Robert Sutton and Jeffrey Pfeffer of Stanford arguing for a more truly evidence - based business - success literature .
But a few consultants and business school professors have begun to argue that much of this literature is , in fact , useless .
Far from a science , they argue , the success literature is made up of little more than just - so stories in which authors use dramatic anecdotes - often drawn from previously published magazine profiles or interviews with the very executives whose performance is being examined - as evidence for " secrets " that amount to little more than warmed - over homilies .
The critics accuse the success gurus of cherry - picking their evidence , of doing little to double - check their results , of circular reasoning , and of making elementary statistical errors .
At their most ambitious , these books purport to elevate the study of excellence to a science , its nuggets culled from exhaustive research and refined by painstaking analysis .
Jim Collins , coauthor of " Built to Last " and author of " Good to Great , " likens what he does to physics .
Readers of his books , he writes , have their eyes opened to the " immutable laws of organized human performance . "
While the particulars vary , the basic idea underlying the literature is the same : that the secrets of success can be divined by careful study of the institutional habits of the world 's business all - stars - companies that set the standard for their industries , that thrive in tough times , companies that win the war for talent , companies that are built to last .
In the imperturbable focus on core values of Hewlett - Packard or the restless innovativeness of Google or the ruthless accountability of GE , there are lessons for us all .
Even those people who have n't read the books ( or listened to the CDs or watched the DVDs ) live in their shadow .
Working at companies whose executives have embraced the wisdom of one or another success bestseller , many people have their daily lives shaped by its prescriptions , and grow dimly familiar with the catch phrases - like " stick to the knitting " and " level 5 leadership " - that the books have spawned .
NOTHING SUCCEEDS LIKE success - and few books succeed like books about success .
Since the 1982 publication of " In Search of Excellence , " by the McKinsey consultants Tom Peters and Robert Waterman , the business - success book has grown from a genre into a juggernaut .
The most influential among them , like " The Leadership Engine " and " Reengineering the Corporation " and " Built to Last " and " Good to Great , " sell millions of copies , are translated into dozens of languages , and shape the habits of managers from Detroit to Dubai .
Their authors launch research firms and leadership education institutes , consult for Fortune 500 companies , and command $ 50,000 fees to speak at conferences and corporate retreats .
Running through " In Search of Excellence , " though , is also a note of reassurance for a powerful country that feared it had lost its edge .
" There is good news from America .
Good management practice today is not resident only in Japan , " Peters and Waterman write early in the book .
To back this up , the two authors picked out 43 American companies with especially good reputations in the business world ( they determined this , Peters later recounted , simply by asking around the offices of McKinsey ) that had also delivered strong long - term financial growth .
Among the book 's paragons are Hewlett - Packard , Boeing , Johnson & Johnson , IBM , and Caterpillar .
Then Peters and Waterman , sifting newspaper and magazine articles about the companies and talking to the firms ' executives , set out to divine what set those companies apart from the mediocre and the merely adequate .
" It 's around that time that business pages became more popular , " recalls Jacqueline Murphy , editorial director of Harvard Business School Press , which has published several business - success bestsellers .
" People became more interested in investing , in finance , and in management as a topic . "
t was perhaps inevitable that something like the contemporary business - success book would arise out of the early 1980s , an era defined both by a growing popular interest in the worlds of business and finance and , like today , a deep insecurity in American boardrooms .
Still , critics like Raynor believe we can do better , and they believe that their work will help pave the way to a more truly scientific study of success .
But , at the same time , their critical insights also raise fundamental questions about how possible such a science is , and remind us just how much success - whether in business or in life - can be out of our hands .
" It 's not the same kind of data that you would use to refute or confirm Einstein 's theory of relativity , " says Peters .
" It 's exploratory social science research . "
For their part , authors like Collins and Peters see such critiques as caricatures of their work , and defend their methodologies as the best one could hope for in distilling the endlessly complex contingencies of business into digestible lessons for working managers .
" When we look at the samples of great companies in most studies , by our measure , the companies that they call great by and large are n't , " says Raynor .
" The conclusions they come to are more a function of the researcher than the company . "
And most recently , a team led by Michael Raynor , a researcher and consultant at Deloitte Consulting , has begun to argue that business - success books are n't even particularly good at spotting success in the first place :
When you take a closer look at the companies they study , the accomplishments of the vast majority are just as likely to be due to simple luck .
It 's the equivalent of finding someone who flipped a coin seven times and happened to end up with seven heads and asking for her secret .
Recent years , however , have seen a proliferation of critiques of books like " Good to Great , " fueled in part by the same quantitative urge behind the push for evidence - based medical care .
In last fall 's issue of The Academy of Management Perspectives , two separate articles took issue with " Good to Great . "
One of them , by Bruce Resnick and Timothy Smunt , professors at Wake Forest University 's Babcock School of Management , found that if the 15 - year window during which Collins looked at each of his " great " companies was moved by as little as a few months , the exceptional stock market performance that distinguished them all but disappeared .
But he also makes bolder claims for the principles he unearths .
In " Good to Great , " he lays out the road map for merely good companies to transform themselves into great ones , using as his case studies companies like Wells Fargo , Philip Morris , and Gillette .
The process starts with having leaders with " a paradoxical blend of personal humility and professional will " who get " the right people on the bus , " instill a " culture of discipline , " and apply " technology accelerators . "
Such elements , he writes , gain their power from " the enduring physics of great organizations . "
Criticisms like these did little to dent the authors ' influence , especially that of Peters , who became the first of the high - profile management gurus and inspired a raft of imitators .
The most famous of his heirs has been Collins , also a former McKinsey consultant .
Collins 's own books - " Built to Last " was published in 1994 , " Good to Great " in 2001 - address some of the criticisms leveled at " In Search of Excellence " ; in particular he makes sure to include comparison companies to contrast to the exemplars he lauds in his books .
And the fact that Peters and Waterman had looked only at companies that they deemed successful - without comparing them with less excellent competitors - meant the authors were in little position to identify what factors mattered and which were irrelevant .
They had no way of knowing , in other words , whether 43 utterly dysfunctional companies might be just as likely to be characterized by a " bias for action " and " loose - tight properties . "
The book was an immediate sensation and went on to sell more than 6 million copies .
But even at the time there were questions raised about its reliability : few of the companies Peters and Waterman showcased kept up their market - beating stock performance in the years after the publication of the book ( though a good portion did later return to posting impressive gains ) .
Many of them struggled , and a few , like Atari , Wang , and Data General , collapsed .
Their answer was a set of eight " attributes of excellence . "
Number one was " a bias for action , " number two was " staying close to the customer , " number eight was " simultaneous loose - tight properties , " which is defined as " fostering a climate where there is dedication to the central values of the company combined with tolerance for all employees who accept those values . "
Another line of criticism aims not at the math but at the sort of evidence that success books rely on .
Much of that information , argues Rosenzweig , is biased .
In many cases researchers rely on newspaper and business magazine articles and business school case studies , as well as internally produced documents and interviews with managers at the companies being evaluated , and the amount of data gathered can be impressive .
These sources give the books their breezy , intimate , anecdotal feel .
But Rosenzweig argues that all of these sources can be easily tainted by whether or not a company is understood to be successful or not .
The business press , for example , can hail a CEO as a genius when his stock price is up then turn around and assail him as a cretin when it drops .
And even the perceptions of company insiders can be sensitive to how someone else tells them the company is doing .
A host of psychological studies , for example , have shown the extent to which arbitrarily telling a person they have either excelled or failed at a task shapes their memory of the task : people told they succeeded are far more likely to remember their team as tightknit and their team leader as competent and inspiring .
Those told they failed remember team squabbling and ineffectual leadership .
These tendencies , Rosenzweig argues , are only likely to be exacerbated by questions that ask them to explain the success of their company - one of Collins 's interview questions , for example , asks managers , " Can you think of one particularly powerful example or vignette from your experience or observation that , to you , exemplifies the essence of the shift from good to great at [ good - to - great company ] ? "
The newest and perhaps most radical critique , though , comes from Raynor , of Deloitte , along with the Deloitte consultant Mumtaz Ahmed and the University of Texas business school professor Andrew Henderson .
In a paper currently under review , the three argue that not only are business gurus bad at identifying the causes of success , they have no way of telling true greatness from mere luck - if enough people are flipping coins , someone is likely to string together an impressive run of heads .
According to their analysis of 13 of the most influential business success books , three quarters of the purportedly great companies had track records that could just as easily have been explained by the vicissitudes of random chance - performances that looked impressive on first glance were simply akin to being the lucky person in a stadium full of coin -flippers .
And if that 's your data , says Raynor , " you 're not inferring the underlying causes of great performance , you 're basically just imposing patterns on randomness . "
In response , Collins points to unpublished work he is doing that shows that luck does not , in fact , explain the difference between the winners and losers in his model .
" There is , however , a significant difference in how the winners and losers view the role of luck - and therein will lie an absolutely fascinating chapter ! " he writes in an e-mail .
On a broader level , he objects to the characterization of his work as " success literature . "
It is more concerned , he argues , with discovering why companies do not become great than with why they do .
Raynor and his coauthors , though , are not arguing that luck explains success , but that it masks it .
And they 've set themselves the tricky - and perhaps impossible - task of coming up with a set of metrics that avoid the pitfalls of subjectivity and self - fulfilling prophecy .
Some of the factors they 're looking at are the timing of product launches and mergers and acquisitions and the degree of geographical diversity .
These are , Raynor admits , measures that do n't yet add up to a rich portrait of an organization , and may not do much to anatomize its excellence or lack thereof .
Ultimately , argues Robert Sutton of Stanford , a lot of what people look for in advice books , whether in business or any other realm , is n't so much advice as encouragement .
And that can have value .
" There 's value in mastering the obvious , " he says .
" If Jim Collins 's impact is to get people to do stuff that they know they should do already - facing the hard truths or being selfless or whatever - I certainly do n't think that 's a bad thing . "
Drake Bennett is the staff writer for Ideas .
E-mail drbennett@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Advertisements
Today , Sen. Judd Gregg accused Obama of proposing the largest tax increase in history by imposing a sales tax on electricity during his delivery of the weekly Republican radio address .
The sales tax Gregg is referring to is actually Obama ’s proposed cap and trade system to combat global warming .
Gregg said , “ He also is proposing the largest tax increase in history , much of it aimed at taxing small business people who have been , over the years , the best job creators in our economy .
And further , he is proposing a massive new national sales tax on your electric bill .
So that every time you turn on a light switch in your house , you will be hit with a new tax — and it averages over $ 3,000 per household .
These are staggering numbers and represent an extraordinary move of our government to the left . ”
Here is what Rep. Susan Molinari said during her keynote speech at the 1996 Republican National Convention , “ Bill Clinton passed the largest tax increase in history , and now Americans pay almost 40 cents of every dollar they earn in taxes — the most ever .
Every year Bill Clinton has been in office , taxes have been higher and family incomes have been lower . ”
( Actually family incomes rose under Clinton , and subsequently plummeted under the George W. Bush tax cuts ) .
Advertisements
What Sen .
Gregg failed to mention today is that Obama also passed the largest tax cut in history when he signed the Economic Recovery Act .
So how is Obama ’s budget the largest tax increase in history ?
Using GOP logic any Bush tax cut that is n’t retained is the equivalent of tax increase .
This was a method first used by the Bush administration that has continued to find favor within the GOP .
Congressional Republicans want people to forget about the last eight years when they along with Bush ran the economy into the ground .
As the Tax Foundation pointed out last fall , Obama is not proposing a “ sales tax on electricity ” as Gregg stated today .
What Gregg was referring to was Obama ’s cap and trade plan , but since only the most radical Republicans will come out against combating global warming , the GOP has decided to create the lie about the cap and trade system being a sales tax on electricity .
Just to be clear , no one has proposed a sales tax on electricity .
The plan does not tax energy , but tries to cut pollution .
Gregg ’s address is yet another example of the GOP ’s belief that the American people are stupid , and will believe anything .
My name is Caitlin Racenet .
I am three years old and I love to sing and dance and play .
I look like a regular sweet little girl , however there is a lot hiding behind my sparkling blue eyes .
I suffer from Tuberous Sclerosis Complex , a non-curable disease that causes tumors to grow in major body organs .
I have several brain tumors that cause a severe , difficult - to - control seizure disorder .
My mommy and daddy first noticed my seizures when I was 16 months old .
I have multiple seizures every day , especially when sleeping .
I stop breathing in my sleep when seizures happen , which makes Mommy and Daddy very scared .
It scares me too .
I do n’t sleep alone .
If I had a seizure doggy , then I hope the dog would make me feel better about sleeping alone and help Mommy and Daddy sleep too , because the dog will let them know when I am having a seizure .
Most days I have 6 - 8 seizures , although sometimes I can have 24 -30 .
I take my medicines very good , but the seizures still come , and they seem to be getting worse .
I do n’t like it , but I know it ’s not my fault .
My mommy and daddy are often scared to leave the room or do normal household things because they might not be there when I have a seizure .
I know that they will think a seizure doggy is a gift to the whole family !
Source ~ AllforCaitlin
Caledonian Record
4 Paws for Ability -- their link is on my blogroll and has been since FireCrow wrote this amazing diary about this great organization in 2007 -- will be providing the dog Caitlin needs .
Dogs trained for the help Caitlin requires cost about $ 11,000 .
As of yesterday , Caitlin 's family had raised roughly $ 4,500 toward this amount .
Not tonight .
Tonight , Caitlin 's family is half - way to their goal .
Thanks to all of you .
Twenty - four hours ago , I posted a little diary , in which I asked for help for Caitlin .
It was posted very late , and I went to bed not too long after posting it .
During the night , many very generous kossacks gave money .
After I had gone to bed , llbear donated and sent an email to 4 Paws , letting them know about the diary and the donation efforts .
And I was so thrilled to get this email from the head of 4 Paws this morning :
I was not able to post a comment because I am not a member of Daily Kos .
I wanted to say thank you for your story blog and help offered to Caitlyn .
It was so cool to read what you posted and all the comments .
What a neat Blog .
Donations have been rolling in !
I was so overwhelmed by the generosity of this community last night and today .
I know how tough so many people have it , what grave financial circumstances so many of us are in .
And , yet , so many people donated so generously for little Caitlin .
Bless you all for your incredible generosity .
When I posted , I offered to match the donations of anyone who was in a position to give even a dollar .
I am extremely fortunate to have good job security right now , and I know how much I am blessed .
But I sure was n't expecting this : I got another email a little while ago from another kossack who doubled the entire donation -- all of yours and my match .
OMG .
I hope this kossack will take a bow in the comments , but I 'll respect privacy and not give a name .
Just know -- my fellow kossack -- that you have helped make the life of a little girl and her family a whole lot better .
And that you will be in my prayers .
Thank you so much .
And thanks to all of you -- I am so blessed to be a part of this amazing community .
With tears of gratitude ,
noweasels
UPDATE : I have received an email from Caitlin 's mother .
Watchmen type Book
The fun of graphic novels , or a crucial part of the fun , is that they ’re like movies that have been frozen onto the page .
They ’re kinetic stories that you can almost see move .
That fun , of course , is more or less eliminated the moment that you transform a graphic novel into a movie .
In the mid-1980s , Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons ’ Watchmen was a brain - jangingly dense ” visionary ” dystopian nightmare , but part of what made it a generational touchstone is that it was the first graphic novel to do such a virtuoso job of treating its comic - book panels as fully fledged shots , with rapid - fire crosscutting and a rhythmic verve that remains thrillingly cinematic .
For years , fanboys of every age have demanded that the big - screen adaptation of Watchmen be an act of artistic fidelity on par with the restoration of the Sistine Chapel .
In a literal sense , they may feel rewarded by Zack Snyder ‘s teemingly ambitious , jam - packed movie version .
A tall tale of fallen superheroes , set against a Doomsday Clock countdown to impending nuclear war , Watchmen , as a movie , serves up all ( or most ) of the graphic novel ’s themes , layers , images , backstories , obfuscations , and self - conscious tough - guy pulp - noir mystique .
Leaping from the alleys of Manhattan to the pink wilderness of Mars , it also has a feverish and deranged intricacy ( which , to be honest , is the nice way to put it ) , and its key figures are not heroes in any conventional way .
A few of them even act like the violently alienated sociopaths they are .
Feel free to nitpick what Snyder has left out of Watchmen .
It ’s hard not to be impressed by what he has wedged in .
Yet even Watchmen fanatics may be doomed to a disappointment that results from trying to stay this faithful to a comic book .
The opening - credit sequence has a marvelous audacity , as it packs in the story of how the Minutemen — masked crime fighters of the 1940s — gave rise to their more nihilistic counterparts in the ’50s .
( The sequence is punctuated with historical events like the JFK assassination and set to the thrillingly recontextualized sounds of Bob Dylan ‘s ” The Times They Are A - Changin ’ . ” )
But once the film proper begins , Snyder , who did such a terrific job of adapting the solemn Olympian war porn of 300 , treats each image with the same stuffy hermetic reverence .
He does n’t move the camera or let the scenes breathe .
He crams the film with bits and pieces , trapping his actors like bugs wriggling in the frame .
There are some angry bugs .
We meet the Comedian ( Jeffrey Dean Morgan ) , a laughing brute of a superhero , when he is murdered at home , in the first of many bone - breakingly vicious fight scenes .
The film then picks up on Rorschach ( Jackie Earle Haley ) , a seething outcast hidden behind a mask of Invisible Man bandages with roving inkblot features , as he seeks to uncover who ’s bumping off his fellow crime fighters .
Rorschach , speaking directly to the audience , sounds like Clint Eastwood reading the purpler sections of Travis Bickle ’s diary , and when he ’s unmasked , Haley , full of spitting fury and loathing , makes him a gripping hellion .
He ’s a far more vivid figure , in fact , than the Nite Owl ( Patrick Wilson ) or the sexy - wholesome Silk Spectre ( Malin Akerman ) , who are like high school ingenues playing Clark Kent and Lois Lane .
The most effective thing in the movie is Billy Crudup ‘s soft - voiced portrayal of Dr. Manhattan , the towering blue radiation mutant who ’s a lonely ironic humanoid , like 2001 ‘s HAL with nuked blood .
On the page , Watchmen was a paranoid , mind - tripping pastiche of everything from The Incredible Hulk to Naked Lunch .
But when characters who are knowing throwbacks are literally brought to life on screen , they can seem more like half - hearted ripoffs .
What gave the graphic novel its hint of metaphysical cachet is the way that it collapsed chronology .
The ’40s blurred into the ’ 80s , the present spilled into a desolate abyss — and that telescoping of time became a metaphor for the inevitability of nuclear war .
A no-future nihilism bled from the very grain of Moore and Gibbons ’ pop vision of the 20th century .
But that ’s a real problem for the movie , since the Cold War nuclear fears of the ’ 80s never did come to pass .
Watchmen is n’t boring , but as a fragmented sci- fi doomsday noir , it remains as detached from the viewer as it is from the zeitgeist .
B-
James Lee Wednesday 15th April 2009
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Sony Computer Entertainment Europe has named Target Entertainment , the production and rights management business , as its consumer product licensing agent for PlayStation software IPs .
Target will take over the role with immediate effect and will develop a range of PlayStation apparel and accessories , including toys , food stationary , and housewares across Europe and Australasia .
" Many of Sony Computer Entertainment 's first party software titles and characters are now recognised by millions of people around the world – from the legendary Ratchet and Clank through to the iconic Sackboy from LittleBigPlanet , " commented Stephanie Freeman , licensing and peripherals manager at SCEE .
" We really want our consumers to have the ability to interact with our brands and characters in ways other than just on screen .
We feel Target Entertainment has the vibrancy and experience to help us do this successfully . "
Helen Howells , global brand director , Target Entertainment Group , added : " To work with a brand like PlayStation , and its range of products , is a great opportunity for us .
With a portfolio of fantastic games we will offer new and longer standing fans a range of products that will really add to their PlayStation experience . "
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
Have we been had on this financial bailout ?
It 's sure starting to look like it .
American International Group Inc.'s financial - products wizards , the supposed villains in bringing the world 's largest insurance company to the brink of collapse , are literally laughing all the way to the bank .
The disclosure over the weekend that they were getting $ 165 million in " retention " bonuses has inflamed public opinion .
See the latest story .
Even worse , though , is the sad picture of the government flailing in the face of this outrage .
It 's hard to know which is more pathetic -- Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner yelling ineffectually into the phone that these bonuses are unacceptable , or Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke slamming down the phone in anger at AIG AIG , - 1.23 % .
Wow , that 'll show 'em .
The colossal incompetence of the bailout that angered us when former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson launched it has been continued and compounded in the current administration .
It turns out that Treasury officials have known for months that these bonuses were going to be paid , and did nothing to stop it when they could .
“ Contracts are breached every day in the business world -- sometimes for no good reason , but sometimes for very good reasons . ”
No wonder .
What started as a Paulson - Bernanke - Geithner plan continues virtually unchanged as a Geithner - Bernanke - Summers plan , and it has n't become any more effective or better managed .
There seems to be little question that the government had to intervene to stave off financial collapse , but these recent events make it clear there has to be a better way .
If the stakes were n't so high , it would be almost comical .
We need to retain the AIG wizards , we 're told , because they 're the only ones who understand how to undo the damage they 've done .
So it would have cost the taxpayers more than the $ 52 billion paid out to counterparties if they had n't worked their magic ?
And what about those counterparties ?
Heaven forbid that Goldman Sachs Group GS , - 1.14 % should lose a penny on its reckless credit default swaps -- that would mean the end of civilization as Paulson knows it .
But that , thankfully , has been averted , as we also learned over the weekend , because that impoverished institution has received $ 13 billion of taxpayer money via AIG .
I 'm betting some of that money will find its way into Goldman bonuses as well .
The rescue of AIG has become a scandal of immense proportions .
It is the signature debacle of a fundamentally flawed rescue plan that is being blindly pushed forward against all reason .
It threatens to sabotage not only any effective efforts to stabilize the financial system , but to define and derail a new administration that has an ambitious agenda of change .
There is virtually no hope that Congress will approve any further funds for bank bailouts or economic stimulus , whether needed or not .
The chances are rapidly diminishing that any of President Barack Obama 's reforms will get a sympathetic hearing .
Blowback
In the end , the buck stops with Obama .
For some reason , he appears to have a blind spot to the damage the mismanagement of this bailout is doing not only to any efforts to turn around the economy , but to his entire political agenda .
He continues unaccountably to rely on his economic team to handle the mess , while he goes about his business of doing the things he always wanted to do as president -- close Guantanamo , restore stem - cell research , invite Stevie Wonder to the White House .
The result is that his credibility is suffering enormous damage .
“ Obama appears to have a blind spot to the damage the mismanagement of this bailout is doing not only to any efforts to turn around the economy , but to his entire political agenda . ”
The president delivered a tough - talk sound bite on Monday about pursuing every legal avenue to stop the bonuses , only to have his own advisers undercut his statement .
" Gosh , " they said , " there are n't really any legal avenues to pursue , sorry .
But hey , we might withhold $ 165 million from the next $ 30 billion installment on the AIG rescue . "
That makes me feel better already .
The retention bonuses had to be paid , we are told , and have to be kept because of the " sanctity " of contracts .
But contracts are breached every day in the business world -- sometimes for no good reason , but sometimes for very good reasons , such as fraud or malfeasance in delivery of the contracted good or service .
In those cases , the contractor refuses to pay .
" So sue me " is as solid an American tradition as any other .
So let those AIG wizards sue for those retention bonuses .
Does anyone really believe they would see it through the courts over a period of years and actually win damages that would cost more than $ 165 million ?
In all likelihood , they would settle for something that is more reasonable for everybody concerned -- such as a performance bonus for the successful unwinding of the credit - default swaps .
Litigation of this sort is a tried and true part of negotiation , and the failure of nerve on the part of the government - appointed chief executive of AIG and the Fed and Treasury officials who approved payment of the bonuses has not served American taxpayers well .
So we 're feeling had , because we have been had .
THERE’S nothing quite like the sudden silence one experiences midway through the descent down a roughly 1,600 - foot volcanic slope , having just somersaulted out of the pebble - scraping , air - rushing trajectory previously occupied by you and your volcano board .
Squinting in the Nicaraguan sun , I found the goggles that had flown off my head during my tumble and shimmied over to my board , slowly slipping downhill all the while .
I somehow regained my seated position on the board and immediately submitted again to gravity , zooming down , down , down , until I slid to a gentle stop amid applause from fellow boarders .
This was my introduction to volcano boarding , a young adventure activity that has popped up , most notably at Cerro Negro , an ominous charcoal - black volcano in western Nicaragua .
Boarders hurtle down the active volcano ’s bald , steep slope atop a sledlike piece of plywood , at speeds of up to 50 miles per hour .
It ’s hot , dusty , a little scary  and crazy enough to be fun .
Cerro Negro is accessible from León , a colonial city historically known as a center of left - wing intellectualism that is about 15 miles southwest of the roughly 2,388 - foot mountain ( the height can vary from eruption to eruption , experts say ) .
The city was once a Sandinista stronghold occupied by poets , revolutionaries and university students .
But today , aside from its magnificent churches , bright - hued colonial architecture and sprawling anti-corruption murals , León is becoming synonymous , at least among backpacking adventure - seekers , with volcano boarding .
What is coLinux ... " If Linux runs on every architecture , why should another operating system be in its way ? " ... Cooperative Linux is the first working free and open source method for optimally running Linux on Microsoft Windows natively .
More generally , Cooperative Linux ( short - named coLinux ) is a port of the Linux kernel that allows it to run cooperatively alongside another operating system on a single machine .
For instance , it allows one to freely run Linux on Windows 2000 / XP / Vista / 7 , without using a commercial PC virtualization software such as VMware , in a way which is much more optimal than using any general purpose PC virtualization software .
In its current condition , it allows us to run the KNOPPIX Japanese Edition on Windows ( see Screenshots ) .
Latest News Mai 13 , 2014 : The SVN repository was moved on SourgeForge .
Please use the new URL .
Plesse see our section Public source control .
An existing repository can switch to new URL by this command : svn switch -- relocate \
http://colinux.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/colinux/branches/devel \ http://svn.code.sf.net/p/colinux/code/branches/devel
SourceForge has more documentation here - Henry March , 2012 : Just a note from coLinux user about an article in UK version of Linux Pro Magazine :
" ... I would like to mention an excellent article in the current Linux Magazine , issue 136 , March 2012 , pp 38 - 41 , which is an excellent tutorial that uses this download together with colinux , vming , and pulsaudio to get a sound - and - graphics linux gui running on Windows . "
- Henry November 7 , 2011 : We got a sponsor who is willing to complete the port for 64 bit .
Please have a look at oDesk .
update : Job was canelled .
- Henry April 9 , 2011 : Version 0.7.9 was released .
See changelog for specifics .
- Henry ... archived news Project Description
How does it work Unlike in other Linux virtualization solutions such as User Mode Linux ( or the forementioned VMware ) , special driver software on the host operating system is used to execute the coLinux kernel in a privileged mode ( known as ring 0 or supervisor mode ) .
By constantly switching the machine 's state between the host OS state and and the coLinux kernel state , coLinux is given full control of the physical machine 's MMU ( i.e , paging and protection ) in its own specially allocated address space , and is able to act just like a native kernel , achieving almost the same performance and functionality that can be expected from a regular Linux which could have ran on the same machine standalone .
Since coLinux uses the same binary format for user - space executables as native Linux , coLinux can load and run an existing unmodified Linux distribution concurrently with the host OS .
Hardware virtualization
To cooperatively share hardware with the host operating system , coLinux does not access I /O devices directly .
Instead , it interfaces with emulated devices provided by the coLinux drivers in the host OS .
For example , a regular file in Windows can be used as a block device in coLinux .
All real hardware interrupts are transparently forwarded to the host OS , so this way the host OS 's control of the real hardware is not being disturbed and thus it continues to run smoothly .
Portability Unlike User Mode Linux , coLinux always utilizes only one process of the host OS for all its Linux processes , privately managing their scheduling , resources , and faults in a manner which is contained and entirely independent of the way the host OS is implemented .
In fact , coLinux only requires a very small set of commonly exported primitives from the host OS kernel in order to work , thus , it can be rather easily ported to run under any operating system , such as Solaris , or even Linux itself .
coLinux is being ported to run under ReactOS , a standalone Open Source Windows implementation .
For additional info Questions about this project can be sent to a member of development team or to the list .
Intel 's been making noise about AMD 's Globalfoundries manufacturing spinoff potentially violating the two companies ' patent cross-licensing agreement for a while now , and it looks like things are escalating : AMD 's latest SEC filing says that Intel 's formally threatened to terminate the license if AMD does n't make it better within 60 days .
It 's not clear exactly what Intel wants here -- we doubt anyone thinks AMD is going to undo the spinoff -- so we 'll see what happens next , but we 've got a feeling Intel 's trying to put the boot down while AMD 's on the ground .
[ Thanks , Chris ]
Read - Reuters
Read - AMD SEC filing
Internet service providers want to end the all - you - can - eat plans and get their customers paying à la carte .
But they are having a hard time closing the buffet line .
Faced with rising consumer protest and calls from members of Congress for new regulations , Time Warner Cable backed down last week from a plan to impose new fees on heavy users of its Road Runner Internet service .
The debate over the price of Internet use is far from over .
Critics say cable and phone companies are already charging far more than Internet providers in other countries .
Some also wonder whether the new price plans are meant to prevent online video sites from cutting into the lucrative revenue from cable TV service .
Cable executives say the issue is not competition but cost .
People who watch or download a lot of movies and TV shows use hundreds of times more Internet capacity than those who simply read e-mail and browse the Web .
It is only fair , they argue , that heavy users should pay more .
Most everyone seems to have a difficult time getting back into the " dating game " after a divorce .
For those dads among us who have taken an active role in fighting the abuses of the family law court system pertaining to child custody post - divorce , this is even more of a challenge .
The reality of this country is this : most women seem to resent fathers who want their children - to these dads , their kids come first , as they should .
From my personal experiences , women , particularly those who are divorced , seem to be looking for one or more of the following :
1. Mr Movie Star .
The guy had to be physically attractive to get their time of day , or else forget it .
2. Mr. Moneybags .
The guy has to have loads of money to spend on her , or else forget it .
3. Mr. Pursuit .
This guy has to " chase " the woman .
For some idiotic reason , far too many women seem to feel that they must be " pursued " .
Good luck with that , ladies .
I will take my hat off to those of you who failed at the first marriage attempt , and have somehow managed to find " the right one " this time , hopefully , and try it again .
I hope it works out for all of you .
In reality , re-marriage seems to happen fairly quickly , within a couple of years , or not at all .
Personally , I have been told by several prospective girlfriends that they and their kids would come first , and " to heck " with mine .
I have also been told , by more than one , that she could not possibly stand to have a boyfriend who actually wanted`his ' kids at home with him .
In my humble opinion , women , those in Michigan in particular , have a serious attitude problem when it comes to looking for men .
Most men will not fall into one of the three categories above - leaving most people single , which is not a bad thing , but is far from what most of us desire .
Mr. " average man " has little , if any , chance out there today .
And , if he happens to advocate against the abuses committed by our family courts , he may as well hang it up .
I speak with other father advocates who relay the same message to me - they have given up on dating , much less on ever finding a compatible lady to spend their life with .
It seems to me that if this " forced perception " of divorced fathers was brought back to into the realm of reality , that we all would be much better off .
This perception is inflicted upon us all by today 's media and the courts themselves .
America , this needs to change .
A Father Of Two
Recommended Reading :
Dating for Dads : The Single Father 's Guide to Dating Well Without Parenting Poorly
A coalition of nonprofit groups has started a campaign to exempt lobbyists for charitable and social welfare organizations that have tax - free status , meeting with presidential aides and sending them a package of ideas for rewriting the policy .
Some senior officials privately agree with the effort , concluding that they are hurting the administration by effectively barring people who lobbied on behalf of human rights , environmental and consumer causes espoused by Mr. Obama .
Image Tom Malinowski , the Washington advocacy director for Human Rights Watch .
Credit ... Kim Jun-Ho/ Yonhap
But White House officials said there had been no internal debate on the matter and flatly dismissed the proposals , adding that they would not consider any changes because it would start the administration down a slippery slope of declaring some lobbyists acceptable and others unacceptable .
“ You ca n’t have a value judgment , ” said Rahm Emanuel , the White House chief of staff .
David Axelrod , the president ’s senior adviser , said Mr. Obama understood the tradeoff .
Public trust in government is so fragile , he said , that it was important to stick to the campaign promise .
“ It ’s painful , ” Mr. Axelrod said .
“ There are a lot of good people out there who are philosophically simpatico with us and are very skilled and would be very valuable to us . ”
But , he said , “ you ca n’t have carve - outs for lobbyists you like and exclude those that you do n’t .
It would be very hard for people to understand that distinction .
This is one of those cases where we ’ve had to sacrifice the help of a lot of very valuable people . ”
Mr. Obama signed his lobbying order on his first full day in office , banning anyone who was a registered lobbyist from working for any executive agency they had lobbied in the past two years or in any other agency on an issue they had lobbied on in that time .
As a practical matter , the order meant that most registered lobbyists could not take jobs in their areas of expertise .
The policy was praised as “ groundbreaking ” in a letter from groups like Common Cause and the League of Women Voters .
The White House has granted three waivers , the first to William J. Lynn , a Raytheon lobbyist who became deputy defense secretary .
The other two went to Cecilia Muñoz of the National Council of La Raza , who is now White House director of intergovernmental affairs , and Jocelyn Frye of the National Partnership for Women and Families , who is now Michelle Obama ’s policy director .
Expert : Special prosecutor would be ' PR move ' to ' bury ' torture David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday April 23 , 2009
Print This Email This
As public support grows for investigating and possibly prosecuting Bush administration figures involved in torture , an argument is developing among progressives over the best way to handle the mechanics of that process .
Law professor Jonathan Turley and groups such as MoveOn.org have been calling for Attorney General Eric Holder to appoint a special prosecutor .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs downplayed these calls on Wednesday , emphasizing that the matter rests with the Justice Department and " the lawyers that are involved are plenty capable of determining whether any law has been broken . "
According to former federal prosecutor Elizabeth de la Vega , however , appointing a special prosecutor would " be the worst possible eventuality " and would risk " dumping the entire issue of torture into a black hole . "
" The concept of an independent prosecutor is kind of an illusion , " de la Vega told MSNBC's Keith Olbermann on Wednesday .
" It 's almost , more than anything , a PR move on the part of an administration that wants to get people to stop talking about something .
... I believe that 's what the Bush administration did with allowing a special prosecutor for the Libby case . "
De la Vega noted that in the Libby case , " September 30 , 2003 , the special prosecutor decision was made , and we basically did n't hear anything else about that until 2005 . "
In the end , Libby was indicted for perjury , nobody was charged with the underlying crime of outing CIA officer Valerie Plame , " and we never did have the ... full story . "
De la Vega emphasizes that because a special prosecutor operates in the context of a secret grand jury , public hearings and the public release of evidence can be deferred for years .
" Congress will have a perfect opportunity -- people from either party who do not want this to be publicly aired -- to say , ' Well , we 're not going to do anything else , ' " she explained .
" If the administration ... were inclined to bury this , they too would have a perfect excuse . "
" Let the public narrative keep going , " de la Vega urged .
" We need to let this flood continue .
Not only does that allow for eventually to have a cohesive public story , it really enables the internal Justice Department people to have time to look at all these documents -- and there are hundreds of thousands of them . "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast Apr. 22 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Homeless people living within 2010 Olympic security zones will be removed by police during the Games in Vancouver .
But Deputy Chief Const .
Steve Sweeney of the Vancouver Police Dept. says the homeless will be offered space in shelters or given help to go wherever they want , and only arrested if they refuse to move .
Sweeney 's comments came at a packed community forum on Olympic security held in Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside .
He and RCMP Assistant Commissioner Bud Mercer , who is overseeing security for the Games next February , ran up against seven years of suspicion and rumour about a police crackdown during the Olympics .
People raised concerns about protests , surveillance and a potential rash of pre-Game arrests .
But Mercer pledged whatever is lawful now will remain so come 2010 , and Sweeney said there was no plan to cleanse Vancouver 's streets of marginalized people .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A sketch found in one of Leonardo da Vinci 's notebooks could be an early self - portrait , experts believe .
The drawing had been obscured by handwriting for 500 years before being discovered by Italian scientific journalist Piero Angela .
After months of restoration work , the image was aged using criminal investigation techniques and compared with older self - portraits of Leonardo .
The findings will be revealed on Italy 's RAI television channel .
In a statement on RAI 's website , Mr Angela said he initially discovered what looked like a nose underneath writing in Leonardo 's Codex on the Flight of Birds notebook .
Painstaking restoration work revealed an image of a young to middle - aged man with long hair and a light beard who appeared to be absorbed in thought .
Mr Angela said he compared the image with known later self - portraits of Leonardo and consulted facial surgeons and police forensic experts - all of whom agreed there were strong similarities .
Professor Carlo Pedretti , a world authority on Leonardo studies who worked on the project , said he was " perfectly convinced " that the image was of the artist .
If confirmed , he said , the image would be of great importance to the study of Leonardo 's work and thoughts .
British nuclear subs repeatedly leaked radioactive material Stephen C. Webster
Published : Sunday April 26 , 2009
Print This Email This The British Ministry of Defense caused shock on Monday when it disclosed , in response to a Freedom of Information request , that nuclear submarines at its Faslane base have leaked radioactive material at least eight times in the last decade .
" The worst breaches include three leaks of radioactive coolant from nuclear submarines in 2004 , 2007 and 2008 into the Firth of Clyde , while last year a radioactive waste plant manager was replaced , " reported the Guardian .
" It emerged he had no qualifications in radioactive waste management .
" The repeated safety breaches , which have been revealed in documents released to Channel 4 News , are so serious that the Scottish Environmental Protection Agency ( Sepa ) has warned that it would consider closing the base down if it had the legal powers to do so . "
The HM Naval Base Clyde , located at Faslane near Glasgow , is where the United Kingdom stations its Trident nuclear rockets and nuclear - powered submarines .
" The MoD insists that none of the radioactive leaks have threatened human health or the environment since the radioactivity was at very low levels , " reported the Herald .
" The MoD is legally exempt from the civil radioactive safety regulations policed by Sepa but promised the agency a number of times it would voluntarily uphold those laws at the base .
" Sepa is said to have agreed the risks appeared slight but argued that in many cases , Faslane workers failed to measure the amount of effluent which leaked or detect the leaks until after the incident . "
" The most damning report , produced by the MoD in September 2008 after complaints by Sepa , states that failing to abide by safety procedures is a ' recurring theme ' at Faslane , " reported U TV .
" ' This is a cultural issue that HM Naval Base Clyde needs to find a way to address , ' it says .
The 100 - page report , released by Sepa to Channel 4 News , concludes that many of the ageing facilities used to process , store and dispose of radioactive waste at Faslane are not fit for purpose .
" Other documents disclose that there have been at least eight radioactive leaks in the last 10 years , bringing the total number acknowledged at Faslane over the last three decades to more than 40 .
" The MoD admits its facilities fail to meet safety standards requiring that the ' best practicable means ' are used to control waste .
In one case , the poor design of holding tanks has meant radioactive sludge has built up , which presents a ' significant radiation hazard ' .
Those tanks are now going to be taken out of service . "
" Civil radioactive safety regulations do not apply to MoD sites but the department has previously said it would volunteer to uphold them at the base , " noted the Scottsman .
" The Ministry of Defence said it had commissioned an independent study and an improvement plan was under way , " reported the BBC .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
From HaskellWiki
Overview
The Haskell / Erlang - FFI enables full bi-directional communication between programs written in Haskell and Erlang .
Message sends from Haskell to Erlang just look like function calls ( of course ) , and messages from Erlang to Haskell are delivered to MVars .
Theory of Operation
Because everything interesting that happens in Erlang happens as a result of sending a message , all that is required to fully interoperate with Erlang is to be able to send and receive messages using its native wire protocol .
There are similar packages that allow Erlang to interoperate with programs written in C , Java , Clojure , Scheme , Emacs Lisp , Python , and Ruby .
This Haskell library is distantly derived from the Emacs Lisp package Distel .
Erlang types are represented in Haskell with the ErlType data type .
See the Haddock docs for details .
To use this package you will sometimes have to get down to the level of ErlType , but most of the time you can work with native Haskell types that are instances of the Erlang typeclass , and the conversion will be done for you .
For example :
ghci > toErlang [ ( " a " , 1 ) , ( " b " , 2 ) ]
ErlList [ ErlTuple [ ErlString " a " , ErlBigInt 1 ] , ErlTuple [ ErlString " b " , ErlBigInt 2 ] ] ghci > fromErlang $ ErlList [ ErlTuple [ ErlString " a " , ErlBigInt 1 ] , ErlTuple [ ErlString " b " , ErlBigInt 2 ] ] :: [( String , Int ) ] [ ( " a " , 1 ) , ( " b " , 2 ) ]
Getting Started
Before you can do anything with the Erlang FFI , you minimally need to start up the Erlang Port Mapper Daemon ( epmd ) .
The simplest way to do that is to start an Erlang node on the local machine .
Having started Erlang , we can now create a Haskell node .
The Self data type represents a Haskell node .
You need to instantiate one of these per Haskell process , passing it the network name of the node :
self <- createSelf " haskell@localhost "
The next step is to create an MBox .
An MBox has a unique identifier and corresponds to Erlang 's notion of a " process " .
You 'll probably want one MBox per thread that needs to communicate with Erlang :
mbox <- createMBox self
You are now ready to talk to Erlang .
Low - Level Communication
Erlang 's fundamental abstraction is an asynchronous message send .
In Haskell that 's :
mboxSend mbox node pid msg
where mbox was created earlier , node is the name of the Erlang node ( e.g. , " erlang " ) , and msg is any data item that has an instance of Erlang so that it can be serialized .
Pid is slightly more complicated .
In Erlang you can address messages either to " process ids " ( pids ) that are opaque and not knowable a - priori , or to registered process names .
On the Haskell side , we represent this with Either , so Left pid or Right name ( mboxSelf returns the Pid for the given MBox ) :
mboxSend mbox " erlang " ( Right " echo " ) ( mboxSelf mbox , " Hello , Erlang ! " )
Receive messages addressed to your " process " with :
msg <- mboxRecv mbox
You will generally initiate communication to a registered name , at which time you may receive a Pid for later use .
High - Level Communication
In a real Erlang program , low - level message sends are not used for the bulk of the work .
Most of the interesting things in Erlang are part of the OTP ( Open Telecom Platform ) libraries , and these implement higher - level protocols on top of message sends .
The most important of these protocols is gen_server .
When talking to a process that implements the gen_server protocol , you can either " call " or " cast " to it ( in addition to still being able to do low - level message sends ) .
A call is a two - way faux - synchronous request / response :
reply <- genCall mbox node pid msg
A cast is a one - way notification :
genCast mbox node pid msg
One instance of gen_server in particular is very useful : the RPC server " rex " .
Send rex a message containing a module name , function name , and a list of arguments , and it will ( synchronously or asynchronously ) call the named function in the named module , passing it the arguments supplied , and optionally returning the results to you .
The RPC server gives you access to nearly all of Erlang :
reply <- rpcCall mbox node module function arguments
or
rpcCast mbox node module function arguments
The library also provides a set of wrappers for making calls to Mnesia .
Not Implemented
The Erlang FFI is a work in progress , and it has some shortcomings .
As of this writing , it does not yet register itself with epmd .
This means that , even though Erlang can call into Haskell , Haskell must initiate first contact with the Erlang node .
( Otherwise Erlang simply does n't know where the Haskell node is on the network ) .
A larger issue is that the FFI does not yet implement process linking .
Two processes are " linked " in Erlang if one is notified when the other terminates , and linking is the primary mechanism for handling and / or propagating errors in an Erlang system .
This is in - progress and should be completed soon .
Until it is done , this library is best suited for situations where Haskell is consuming Erlang services .
Erlang can't yet reliably consume Haskell services because there is no error notification .
Future Plans
To complete the items listed in the previous section . :)
Oh , a postmodern life 's rough , ai n't it ?
It 's so rough , we 'll connect the dots of reality in any way we can to make the disjointedness comprehensible .
Damn the truth because there is n't one .
Paranoia will suffice .
That 's the only reason I can come up with to explain why so many otherwise rational people I know have watched Alex Jones ' " The Obama Deception " -- and seem to accept it .
For those unfamiliar with Jones , he 's the poster child of conspiracy theorists .
He hosts his own paranoia - steeped radio program and heads Infowars.com , a site with the slogan " Because there is a war on for your mind . "
Oh , Jones was also behind " Loose Change , " a quintessential 9/11 - was - an - inside - job film .
Now , as easy as it'd be to call him a whack job , tell his followers to put their tin foil hats back on and commence with my happy , yahoo - liberal life , I can't justify that .
To me , fighting my own personal ignorance means delving into things I know I 'll find , well , ignorant .
So I watched " Deception " this weekend , keeping my mind as open as possible .
In it , Jones mongers fear that there 's a bank - run , global shadow government launching a scheme to enslave the world .
Jones claims Obama and every post - JFK president have been little more than puppets -- Trojan horses spoon - feeding this , gasp , " New World Order " to America and the rest of the planet .
No , I 'm not exaggerating .
The whole thing 's classic conspiracy theory : half - truths mish - mashed and digested into a dung heap of , ironically , deception .
Jones connects mostly factual dots into a pseudo - logical pattern , concluding just short of telling us the omnipotent financiers ruling this shadow government are also bloodthirsty aliens .
Here 's the problem with conspiracy theories : Jones and his ilk know the sinister conclusion they 're after from the onset .
There are so many bits of data about the world out there that , in an obsessive haze , they can pluck convenient " dots " to suit their hypotheses and connect them in any damn way they please .
These " truths " conspiracy theorists concoct for themselves -- typically apocalyptic ones -- offer a sense of orientation in an overwhelming world and help them sleep better at night .
Fittingly , conspiracy - types often accuse skeptics -- people who 're savvy enough to check out the facts behind the conspiracies -- of turning a blind eye to the " evil " so they themselves can rest easier .
Postmodern life 's confusing .
Commercialism bleeds into politics :
We have newly - tweaked Pepsi logos that look oddly similar to Obama 's campaign " O. " Politics blend with media : cable news often seems more like right - or left - wing propaganda than genuine reporting .
Media creeps into our own basements and bedrooms : self - proclaimed bloggers type feverishly at their computers , convinced someone out there must give a shit about their opinions .
Every facet of our lives slams together , and it 's chaotic .
Amid such chaos , it 's appropriate , even admirable , to be skeptical of power , whatever its manifestation .
But when that skepticism becomes a blind allegiance to a paranoid ideology at the expense of being truly informed -- that 's a problem .
Jones could be brilliant .
He could be an incredible watchdog .
( Props to him for highlighting the clandestine , frenzied way these bailouts have been handled ) .
But Jones blows the whistle with fanatical conviction .
He sells conspiracy theories to the masses , unmitigated by facts that show they are n't theories so much as hair - brained hypotheses .
He 's dangerous because he encourages blindness , hidden beneath a veneer of contrived truth - seeking .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not some fawning , Obama apologist .
In fact , I 'm downright frustrated with the way our government 's handled the financial crisis thus far and think Obama 's broken a few too many promises too early .
But the real deceiver here is Jones , not Obama .
I normally talk about Perl 5 , but many of the ideas and discussions here will apply equally well to Perl 6 .
( I hope we 'll throw out the bad ideas , embrace the good ideas , and make some new mistakes no one has ever made before . )
I have a belief in relentless progress , where a process of thoughtful reflection with frequent feedback and rapid iteration can produce amazing results in a reasonably short period of time .
FLOSS projects -- community - driven FLOSS projects , at least -- have a strong advantage in that their progress is public .
Sometimes , that progress is very public .
Rakudo 's status page features a prominant graph .
Near - daily updates of this graph show the relentless progression of Rakudo to passing the complete Perl 6 specification test suite .
If you look today ( or view a stunning commit to the status graph data , you 'll see that Rakudo has jumped from 8444 passing spectests to 10224 , out of 15627 spectests .
That 's a 21 % improvement from one day to another .
If the chart is n't reference enough , Rakudo surpassed 7000 ( 7007 , to be precide ) passing spectests ( out of 15240 ) on 25 February .
That 's 3217 passing spectests in six weeks -- new passes 76.5 a day .
Perl 6 has been a project in process -- design and implementations -- for a long time , but as I 've said before , I know of no better way to produce great software than in rapid , well - considered iterations with plenty of feedback .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A woman has been flown from a cruise liner off the Cornish coast to receive a kidney transplant in Cambridge .
Judy Stockwell , who is in her 60s and has been on a transplant list for two years , was on board the Queen Victoria .
She received at call at 0200 BST saying there was a suitable kidney for her at Addenbrooke 's Hospital if she could get there by 0900 BST , coastguards said .
A helicopter from RNAS Culdrose winched her from the ship and flew to Luton .
She was then driven to Cambridge .
We were in the middle of the ocean and we reacted quickly
Judy Stockwell
The helicopter winched Mrs Stockwell and her husband , Tony , off the liner at about 0550 BST while it was about 50 miles ( 80 km ) south west of The Lizard .
They were winched up from the pool area at the back of the ship and flown to Luton Airport .
Mrs Stockwell was then driven to the hospital with a police escort to be prepared for surgery .
Commander Andy Drodge , from 771 Squadron at Culdrose , said that fog hampered the crew 's original plan to take her straight to Cambridge .
He said : " After we refuelled at RAF Lyneham , unfortunately , just after Luton , the fog closed back in again and Cambridge was not going to be possible .
" We quickly went back to Luton , landed and she was picked up by an ambulance . "
Mrs Stockwell said she contacted the ship 's purser after she got a phone call from the hospital 's transplant co-ordinator because " we were in the middle of the ocean and we reacted quickly " .
She said : " We did n't know where we were , so we spoke to the purser to see if were near anywhere so we could get back . "
Speaking after she reached the hospital , Mrs Stockwell added : " I was really desperate because this is going to change my life .
I 've been doing dialysis four a times day .
" I 'm so grateful that someone has given me this opportunity . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Communist government in China had imposed the Cultural Revolution , commune experiments and violent and repressive campaigns on the Tibetans , and more recently , following the brutal suppression of last year 's uprising , had forced them to endure " patriotic re-education . "
These measures had " thrust Tibetans into such depths of suffering and hardship that they literally experienced hell on earth .
The immediate result of these campaigns was the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Tibetans , " he said .
Turns out polar bears are n’t the only land mammals struggling with global warming .
Many of the world ’s most - used rivers , from the Colorado to the Ganges , have been losing water for the last 50 years .
So , in addition to coping with floods , storms , deserts and mass extinction , we could all die of thirst .
Happy Earth Day .
BBC :
From the Yellow river in northern China to the Ganges in India to the Colorado river in the United States — the US scientists say that the major sources of fresh water for much of the world ’s population are in decline .
The researchers analysed water flows in more than 900 rivers over a 50 - year period to 2004 .
They found that there was an overall decline in the amount of water flowing into the world ’s oceans .
Read more
SIRTE , Libya ( Reuters ) - Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi Tuesday called Barack Obama a “ flicker of hope in the middle of the imperialist darkness , ” but said he feared the president could be assassinated .
Gaddafi , known for his controversial statements , did not say who might want to kill Obama but gave the examples of the assassinations of Presidents John F. Kennedy and Abraham Lincoln , as well as black rights leader Martin Luther King .
“ I fear that they could liquidate this young man or force him to submit to their imperialist policies , ” Gaddafi told a university gathering of his supporters in Sirte , without specifying who might put Obama under pressure .
“ Obama is a flicker of hope in the middle of the imperialist darkness , ” the Libyan leader said , adding : “ There is a fear that they would liquidate him as they liquidated Kennedy , Martin Luther King and Abraham Lincoln . ”
Gaddafi , who is the African Union chairman , had offered to work with Obama to sustain security , stability and prosperity in Africa and elsewhere .
Gaddafi praised Obama for breaking with what he said was the previous American foreign policy that dictated to the rest of the world what to do to serve U.S. interests .
“ He ( Obama ) speaks logically .
Arrogance no longer exists in the American approach which was previously based on dictating to the rest of the world in order to meet its own conditions , ” Gaddafi said in the remarks carried by state media .
Gaddafi , who took power in 1969 in a military coup in his oil - and gas - rich North African state , was shunned for decades by the West , which accused him of supporting terrorism .
His ties with Western countries have improved since Libya announced in 2003 it was scrapping weapons of mass destruction programs and agreed to pay compensation for families of victims of bombings of U.S. and French airliners .
QR Code Link to This Post
One night in Paris .
Pam & Tommy .
Kim Kardashian getting peed on .
Screech .
Mini-me .
We 've seen all kindsa celebrity sex tapes , but aside from some non-shocking old porn footage of Dita Von Teese , we have yet to see any celebrity lesbian ones .
Our lonely eyes turn to you , Lindsay Lohan and Samantha Ronson .
These two have a hot minute left before Lohan returns to the cock from whence she came .
That Chase Crawford thing was a close call .
I beseech thee Mrs. Ronson :
Get that firecrotch on film !
( You could even produce the soundtrack .
Bowm - chicka - bow - bowm . )
Frankly , I 'm surprised that a sex tape has n't turned up already .
I mean , we 've had so many near misses with Lindsay already : the fake Calum Best cellular blow job , the dirty sanchez from Wilmer Valderrama , the t- bone shoved up her ass by Harry Morton ... shall I go on ?
Lindsay , the sex tape hungry public will not rest until we are presented with a Young Hollywood Sapphic film fest .
Your coy hand - holding and lip - locked pics with Samantha could never satiate our lust for lesbos getting freaky .
Show us the clit - grinding , the freckled vagina - fisting , the mutual titty - tweaking we deserve .
I dare say , bah - lezbug !
Super seriously guys , the only way for Lindsay to ultimately prove her lesbian love for Samantha is to provide the Internet with a series of labia - licking images so powerful and indelible , no one could ever question her sexuality again .
Samantha should think of this video as a prenuptial agreement of sorts :
If LiLo truly loved SamRo , she 'd just do it .
( And while she 's at it , Sam should probably go ahead with those breast implants -- even if she does just duct tape them back down again afterwards . )
As for the content of the sex tape itself , I suggest they film a re-enactment of their " first time " .
It should take place mere hours before Lindsay 's drunken joy ride and subsequent arrest during the Summer of '07 .
Scene :
The gals slip into the bathroom at a friend 's house party .
Lindsay snorts a line of blow off of Samantha 's arm .
Then she sniffs up the remaining coke dust tangled in Samantha 's arm hair and looks deep into her little beady brown eyes .
Suddenly consumed with a wet 'n wild passion , they tear off each other 's clothes and hop into the shower .
Using a Pantene bottle as a makeshift double - sided dildo , the girls fiercely bump soaking wet beavers until they simultaneously explode in an epileptic fit of lesbionic quivers .
Afterwards , Lindsay accidentally puts on Samantha 's pants , and the two argue about who 's skinnier .
Roll credits .
Friday Morning Diversion : The Best Blago Video .
Ever .
By Marcus Gilmer in Miscellaneous on Apr 24 , 2009 2:20 PM
While a judge said ex-governor Blagojevich can't go to Costa Rica for a reality show , he said nothing about L.A. , which is where Blago filmed this promo for the show , which leads one to wonder if Blago 's figured out a way to still be a part .
[ NBC 5 via S - T's Natasha Korecki ]
What is the EEA ?
( detailed answer )
In order to understand the precise definition of the EEA , we must understand the definition of a selection pressure .
Many of the misconceptions about the EEA can be avoided by adhering closely to the precise definition of the EEA derived from the theory of natural selection .
As noted above , the EEA is the set of all selection pressures faced by an organism 's ancestors over ' recent ' evolutionary time ( i.e. , over approximately the last 1000 - 10,000 generations ) .
To understand what a selection pressure is , we must understand how a mutation spreads in a population .
It must alter the phenotype in some way that enhances reproduction ( ignoring drift and other similar processes for the moment ) .
As emphasized elsewhere in this FAQ , reproduction is an enormously complex process ; that it happens at all is a near miracle .
Reproduction involves a vast number of physical processes that must proceed correctly if reproduction is to be successful .
Given the design of an organism , given all the physical transformations that have to take place in order to reproduce , and given ALL the environmental conditions that the organism may encounter with some non-zero probability during its life , there is a ( relatively ) small set of * potential * transformations of the environment -- where the term environment may include aspects of the organism itself -- that will enhance rather than impede reproduction .
These potential reproduction enhancing transformations are called selection pressures .
Stated another way , selection pressures are those aspects of the environment that can have a notable impact on the reproduction of members of a particular species over evolutionary time .
The EEA of any species is the set of all features of the environment that could have had some impact on the reproduction of members of this species over recent evolutionary time .
For example , let 's assume that an herbivore regularly ingests a particular plant toxin , and that this toxin has a detrimental effect on sperm quality .
Let 's also assume that there are enzymes that can neutralize this toxin , but that the herbivore cannot produce these enzymes .
The fact that the plant toxin can be neutralized by an enzyme is an example of a * potential * transformation that could facilitate the reproduction of the herbivore ( because it would result in improved sperm quality ) .
Thus , the plant toxin is a selection pressure and is therefore an aspect of the EEA of the herbivore .
Should a mutation arise that produces a toxin neutralizing enzyme , this mutation will spread in the population .
After many generations , all herbivores of this particular species will now be able to neutralize this plant toxin .
If the plant goes extinct , the herbivores will still be able to produce the detoxifying enzyme ( for many generations , at least ) , and this particular toxin is still considered an aspect of the species ' EEA .
Alternatively , if no mutation ever arose to produce a detoxifying enzyme , this plant toxin was still a feature of the species EEA .
It was a selection pressure , even though no adaptation evolved to neutralize it .
On the other hand , if a different toxic plant also grew in the same area as the first toxic plant , but the herbivores never ate that plant , then the second plant and its toxin are not considered part of the species ' EEA .
The second plant and its toxin were never a selection pressure -- they had no impact on the herbivores ' reproduction , and no transformation of the second toxin would facilitate herbivore reproduction .
So , in use , the EEA refers not only to transformations of the environment that were necessary for reproduction , but also transformations that could have * potentially * facilitated reproduction .
It does * not* refer to aspects of the past that could not impact reproduction in any way .
Notice that for a mutation to spread to fixation ( i.e. , to the entire population ) , it must transform the environment in a reproduction facilitating way for many generations ( 1000 , say ) .
This means that the mutation must interact , via the phenotype , with a recurrent aspect of the environment -- an aspect that the organism and its descendants are likely to encounter with some significant probability over each of their lifetimes .
For example , in the case of the plant toxin , it is not necessary that every individual herbivore regularly ingested the toxin ; it is only necessary that , over evolutionary time , members of this species encountered the toxin frequently enough that those who could neutralize it would have had , on average , a reproductive advantage over those who could n't .
Once a mutation has reached fixation , it must continue to experience a selection pressure ( stabilizing selection ) in order to remain in the genome ; otherwise it will tend to be eliminated by subsequent mutations .
Eyes evolved long before humans appeared , but if sunlight was not a part of the human EEA , we would have lost our visual capabilities , as have certain species of cave - dwelling fish .
In the case of the plant toxin , if that particular plant went extinct , the ability to produce the neutralizing enzyme would degrade over time due to random mutations of the gene that produced the enzyme -- there were be no selection pressure against organisms that could no longer neutralize the toxin , because the toxin is no longer part of the environment .
Thus , even if an adaptation evolved in an ancestor species ( as eyes did in an ancient ancestor of humans ) , the selection pressures that maintained eyes over recent evolutionary time are considered part of the human EEA .
Stabilizing selection pressures are part of the EEA .
It is worth noting that the organism is part of its own EEA .
For example , the heart creates a pressure differential in the circulatory system ; this pressure differential then results in a nutrient rich liquid ( blood ) being circulated to other tissues .
Thus blood , arteries , and veins were essential features of the EEA of the heart ( and thus of all organisms with hearts , including humans ) .
The definition of the EEA as the set of all selection pressures acting over recent evolutionary time has some notable implications .
First of all , selection pressures are adaptation specific .
The selection pressures acting on visual abilities are ( in general ) not the same as those acting on toxin neutralizing abilities .
Thus , the evolutionary history of vision will ( again , in general ) not be the same as the evolutionary history of toxin neutralization .
For example , one adaptation ( like vision ) may have a much longer evolutionary history than another ( like the ability to neutralize a specific toxin ) .
Another implication is that species can be adapted to a variety of mutually exclusive environmental conditions e.g. , day and night , hot and cold , feast and famine , high population densities , low population densities , male biased sex ratios , female biased sex ratios , lots of predators , few predators , etc. , so the EEA definitely does not refer to a fixed or static time or place .
Perhaps the most important implication is the following : organisms possess functional traits because those traits were selected for over evolutionary time .
This means that those traits reliably performed their functions in past environments , and may or may not properly perform them in current environments .
Thus , the EEA refers to those aspects of past environments to which an organism is adapted .
Any organism can possess adaptations which no longer serve any reproductive function , and may even impede reproduction .
A couple of quick examples will illustrate many of the foregoing points .
We have lungs because oxygen existed in our atmosphere * in the past , * not because oxygen exists in the immediate present .
Should oxygen somehow disappear from the atmosphere , we would still have lungs , they just would n't work ( and we would quickly go extinct ) .
Fortunately , the current environment strongly resembles the EEA in this regard .
As another example , Richard Coss has done work on physiological and psychological ground squirrel adaptations to rattlesnake predation .
He shows quite convincingly that these ground squirrels retain protective adaptations even when they have n't faced rattlesnake predation pressure for very long periods , but that these adaptations are increasingly degraded the longer the squirrels have been in rattlesnake free environments .
Some aspects of the modern environment do diverge quite radically from the human EEA .
Two examples : 1 ) automobiles kill far more people today than do spiders or snakes , but people seem to be far more averse to spiders and snakes than they are to automobiles .
Why ?
Because in the EEA , spiders and snakes were a serious threat , whereas automobiles did n't exist .
Thus , it was possible for us to evolve an innate aversion to spiders and snakes , but not to automobiles .
2 ) Safe and highly effective birth control is a modern invention .
For most of human history , women were pregnant or lactating for much of their adult lives .
Interestingly , women in natural fertility populations ( modern populations that do n't have access to modern methods of birth control ) appear to have a much lower rate of reproductive cancers than do women in populations with easy access to modern birth control .
It has been argued that early and frequent pregnancies may prevent reproductive cancers .
Because modern forms of birth control did not exist in the EEA , there was no selection pressure against the reproductive cancers that may accompany their use .
If the current environment of a particular species fails to resemble the species ' EEA in too many ways , then the species will go extinct .
Since the human species is clearly not going extinct , the common complaint that evolutionary psychology views humans as currently living in an entirely novel environment is clearly false .
Most aspects of the modern environment closely resemble the human EEA .
Hearts , lungs , eyes , language , pain , locomotion , memory , the immune system , pregnancy , etc. , all work as advertised -- excellent evidence that the modern environment does not radically diverge from the EEA .
A priest , a woodcutter and another man are taking refuge from a rainstorm in the shell of a former gatehouse called Rashômon .
The priest and the woodcutter are recounting the story of a murdered samurai whose body the woodcutter discovered three days earlier in a forest grove .
Both were summoned to testify at the murder trial , the priest who ran into the samurai and his wife traveling through the forest just before the murder occurred .
Three other people who testified at the trial are supposedly the only direct witnesses : a notorious bandit named Tajômaru , who allegedly murdered the samurai and raped his wife ; the white veil cloaked wife of the samurai ; and the samurai himself who testifies through the use of a medium .
The three tell a similarly structured story - that Tajômaru kidnapped and bound the samurai so that he could rape the wife - but which ultimately contradict each other , the motivations and the actual killing being what differ .
The woodcutter reveals at Rashômon that he ... Written by Huggo
Observations , Complaints , Quibbles , and Suggestions Regarding the Safari 4 Public Beta Released One Week Ago , Roughly in Order of Importance
Performance
The Safari 4 public beta is faster than Safari 3 and every other browser available for the Mac. ( CNet ’s Crave backs up Apple ’s claim that Safari 4 is the fastest browser available for Windows as well . )
One thing to keep in mind — and I ’ll return to this distinction again — is that Safari , the browser application , and WebKit , the open source HTML / CSS / JavaScript rendering engine , are separate things .
There are several web browsers that use WebKit , but not all WebKit - based browsers exhibit identical performance .
Safari itself seems to be responsible for eking out some measure of the new performance gains — but , for the obvious reason that the rendering engine is responsible for the majority of the CPU - intensive work , WebKit is the source for most of the improvements .
From its inception over 6 years ago , the WebKit team has adhered to an interesting policy regarding performance :
The way to make a program faster is to never let it get slower .
We have a zero - tolerance policy for performance regressions .
If a patch lands that regresses performance according to our benchmarks , then the person responsible must either back the patch out of the tree or drop everything immediately and fix the regression .
Common excuses people give when they regress performance are , “ But the new way is cleaner ! ” or “ The new way is more correct . ”
We do n’t care .
No performance regressions are allowed , regardless of the reason .
There is no justification for regressing performance .
None .
This may sound like common sense , but anyone who ’s ever worked on large software products will tell you that many teams , if not most , do not adhere to such a policy .
The most common excuse is one that the WebKit policy does n’t list : “ We ’ll fix the performance issues later . ”
The truth is that sometimes , later never comes .
Safari started life in 2003 as a fast browser , at least by the then - low standards of Mac OS X web browsing , and it has gotten nothing but faster since .
I fully expect other high - quality browsers like Firefox and Chrome to leapfrog ahead as they reach future milestones .
What really matters is n’t whether Safari is the fastest web browser in the world , but simply that its performance , in actual use , is state - of - the - art .
Prior to Safari , this just was n’t true for any Mac web browser .
The difference Safari and WebKit have wrought to web browsing ( and HTML web view rendering system - wide ) simply cannot be overstated .
And so in a nut , the latest version of WebKit deserves nothing but accolades ; but Safari 4 ?
Well , we have some issues .
Progress
Even more so than the new style of tabs , Safari ’s new progress indicator is the change I ’m having the most trouble adjusting to .
Every previous release of Safari , starting with the initial 1.0 public beta , displayed page load progress with a horizontal meter in the location field :
Now , in the Safari 4 public beta , page load progress is indicated only by a subtle spinner at the far right of the location field :
Most of what I wrote in my review of the original Safari 1.0 public beta in 2003 stands up remarkably well .
But I was very wrong about the progress meter .
I wrote :
Progress Bar Behind Location Field
Hideous .
It looks like partially - selected text .
Please scrap it .
But I quickly grew accustomed to it , and soon grew to miss it when using other browsers .
It was , I soon decided , a damn clever way to show progress in a way that was prominent while the page was actually loading , and without taking up any additional space on the screen after loading was complete .
For sites that load quickly — and some sites do load nearly instantly in Safari 4 , with a good network connection — it does n’t make much difference .
But not all web sites load quickly , and not all network connections are good .
It ’s not just that the new spinner is subtle , but that it is indeterminate — a simple spinner only indicates “ not done yet ” , with no indication as to how far along it is at the moment .
This has nothing to do with WebKit ’s rendering performance , just simple bandwidth and latency .
A typical multi-megabyte PDF file might take a minute or more to load from a busy server or on a slow network , but the only feedback you get in the new Safari 4 is a small indeterminate spinner .
Almost done ?
Not even close ?
You have no idea until the download is complete .
It ’s hard to see this as anything but a loss .
So : Why ?
Safari ’s designers are n’t talking , so we ’re left to speculate .
Estimating the progress of a page load is not an exact science — a determinate progress bar is at best an estimate .
But Safari ’s progress indicator seemed very accurate to me .
At least it felt accurate , and that ’s the entire point .
Perhaps the idea is that Apple sees the modern browser as more than just a simple HTML document viewer — that it ’s an entire software environment and runtime .
But I still ca n’t see this as anything but a regression in the experience .
A determinate progress meter has the psychological effect of making a wait seem shorter .
That ’s why the iWork suite shows a progress meter when you open documents .
Yes , what you really want is for the web page to be finished loading , but in the mean time , it ’s nice to know it ’s a third of the way — no , now half , now two - thirds — done .
The new progress spinner does n’t make Safari slower , but it does make it feel slower .
This time I really mean it : Please scrap it .
The Tabs
Safari ’s new tab layout , placing the tabs directly in the window title bar , is a radical change .
There ’s no use addressing the specific details — good and bad — of this new arrangement , without first trying to figure out why Apple did this .
Again , the designers are behind Apple ’s wall of silence , so we ’re left to speculate .
Rule out the notion that Safari ’s designers undertook this change lightly .
This is a major change to an important feature that many users feel strongly about .
My guess is that this is an attempt to bring tabbed browsing to the masses .
The biggest and most important change is that the interface for the tabs is now far more prominent .
In fact , previously , the entire interface for tabbed browsing was not visible in Safari by default — in a window with just one tab , Safari ’s default settings were such that the tab bar was not shown .
In Safari 4 , there ’s a prominent and unique “ + ” button that is always visible in the top right corner of every window , where the standard tic-tac button for toggling the display of the toolbar usually resides .
1
Because the interface to create new tabs is now obvious , I can only assume that the point of this redesign is to encourage more people to use , or at least try , tabbed browsing .
But the problems with this new tab layout are significant .
Conceptually , the basic idea is sound .
Browser tabs are , effectively , a collection of separate browser windows grouped together in a single parent window .
Safari ’s new tab layout makes this a tab is like a sub - window metaphor more explicit .
The anchor , the conceptual root , of a standard Mac OS window is the title bar , and in Safari 4 , the tabs are n’t just in the title bar , they are the title bar .
The placement atop all other window content is , yes , following the lead of Google Chrome .
But Safari takes it one step further , and , I think , also one step too far .
Chrome ’s tabs are still contained within a window title bar — they are obviously things contained within a window , rather than in Safari , where they ’re more like multiple windows snapped together .
Aesthetic comments aside ( although by the standards of Windows software , I personally think Chrome looks good ) , the relationship between Chrome ’s tabs and their parent window are more thoroughly thought - out than Safari 4’s .
Safari 4 ’s tabs bring to mind the tab - style window title bars of the old BeOS .
In Be ’s system , title bars were only as wide as the name of the window , rather than stretching across the entire width of the window itself — reminiscent of the tabs on real - world folders .
( Apple played with such an idea in 1980 while developing the graphical user interface for the Lisa and Mac. )
Be ’s windows could not be snapped together to create a single window containing multiple tabbed windows , but by holding down the Shift key , you could slide the title bar horizontally across the top of any window , the point of which was to allow you to manually arrange windows in a tabbed style .
This movie demonstrates how it worked :
2
Safari 4 ’s tabs are visually similar to the Be concept , except they are snapped together .
But , conceptually and visually , Safari ’s current implementation is a bit muddled .
Tabs are their own thing , but when snapped together , the window as a whole is its own thing as well .
But there ’s now very little chrome ( in the lowercase c sense ) devoted to the window as whole — pretty much just the triumvirate of buttons for closing / minimizing / zooming the window .
Visually there ’s no border between these buttons and the first ( left - most ) tab :
Damien Molokai , in an overall defense of Safari ’s new tabs , suggests simply adding a left border to the first tab and leaving some room to the right of the window controls , leaving a clear area intended for dragging the window itself :
Molokai ’s mockup is visually cleaner , but does n’t go far enough to fix the conceptual mushiness .
Sean Sperte suggests a more Chrome - like layout , leaving a border atop the window belonging to the parent window itself :
That ’s not perfect , but it ’s clearly better than the actual tab bar design in the Safari 4 public beta .
Consider : with the previous tab design , if you wanted to move a window you dragged the window , and if you wanted to move a tab you dragged the tab .
Now in Safari 4 , if you want to move the window you drag a tab , and if you want to move a tab you drag the small grippy strip at the far right edge of a tab .
This is more abstract , indirect , and worse .
Chrome ’s tab design suffers none of these problems .
Yes , it saves 20 pixels of space to consolidate the title bar and tab bar into the same area .
But design is always about trade - offs .
Whitespace can serve a purpose .
Take for example the margins in a book , which aid in readability and usability ( by giving you a place to put your thumbs without obscuring the text ) .
Safari 4 ’s tabs - in - the - title - bar arrangement is like a book with text set right to the very edge of the paper — it saves space at the expense of something useful .
There ’s also something unpleasant about the width of the tabs in Safari 4 .
In most other tabbed document UIs , including Safari ’s old one , tabs do n’t change their width or position dynamically until they need to shrink in order to fit an additional tab in the window — in a typical window , generally after the fifth or sixth tab .
In Safari 4 , the entire tab bar ( which is to say most of the window title bar ) is divided equally between all tabs .
The old way , tabs only move and shrink a little , and only when you have many tabs in the window .
The new way , tabs move and shrink a lot until you reach the point where there are many tabs in the window , making it harder to keep track of where a particular tab is .
Consider a window with five tabs : the title of the second tab is on the left side of the title bar .
Now close the third , fourth , and fifth tabs , leaving just the first two .
The name of the second tab has moved all the way over to the right side of the title bar .
When you do the same exercise in Safari 3 the second tab never moves .
My guess is that space consolidation , combined with the desire to encourage tab use by typical users , is what drove this design .
Most users only use what they see .
They never saw tabs because there was no visual tab interface until after a second tab had been added to a window .
And the tab bar was hidden when there was just one tab open because it looks like a lot of wasted space to have an entire tab bar containing just one tab , and if the tab bar is n’t shown by default in a new window , there ’s no good place to put an obvious “ + ” button for creating new tabs , which button is necessary so that typical users see how to create new tabs .
Hence the decision to combine the tab bar with the window title bar : always visible , no wasted space .
But I think Safari ’s designers over - thought the problem .
It would have been better simply to turn on the “ Always show tab bar ” setting by default , add the new tab “ + ” button to the now - visible - by - default tab bar , and let users who are annoyed by the “ wasted space ” turn it off in Safari ’s preferences .
That ’s pretty much how Panic ’s Coda handles document tabs ( except that Coda has no option to hide the tab bar , 20 pixels of space be damned ) :
Tab Click - Through
Click - through problems with Safari 4 ’s new tabs abound .
You get it when you do n’t want it : accidentally activating — or worse , closing — a tab when you simply wanted to bring a window forward .
And you do n’t get it when you do want it : for dragging a tab out of a background window and into another window .
As a general rule you ’re less likely to want click - through for clicking but more likely to want it for dragging — in Safari 4 you get the worst of both .
Consider the common scenario where you want to drag a file from a Finder window in the background into your current frontmost window ( regardless what app you ’re currently in ) .
You can just click - and - drag on the file in the background Finder window and drag it — the background Finder window does not activate when you click in it to start a drag .
With the Safari 4 public beta , that does n’t work .
Say you have a frontmost Safari window wherein you are collecting several related tabs .
You see a tab in a background window that you want to move to the front one .
But as soon as you click on the grippy strip to commence dragging the tab from the background window , that tab ’s entire window is brought forward , and , if the two windows overlapped significantly , now obscures the previously frontmost window such that you can no longer see the intended destination of the drag .
When you drag something out of a background window , the window should not pop forward .
When you click ( not drag ) in the title bar area to bring a background Safari window forward , in addition to the window activating , whichever tab you clicked on activates as well .
So the more tabs you have open in a window , the smaller the region is within the title bar where you can click to activate the window without changing that window ’s current tab .
In every other app in Mac OS X , you can click anywhere on a window title bar to bring that window forward without changing the context of the window .
But , if you click and drag on a background tab in a background window in Safari 4 , the window activates but the tab does not .
Even worse , click - through is in effect for the close buttons on background tabs in background windows , even though these close buttons are only visible when the mouse is hovering over them .
Twice in the past week I ’ve accidentally closed a tab when trying to activate a background Safari window .
My guess is that Apple chose to make background tabs ’ close buttons and grippy strips only visible when the mouse is hovering over a tab to reduce the appearance of clutter .
But hiding the controls does n’t eliminate the actual clutter — a Safari 4 title bar containing five or six tabs is littered with dangerous spots on which to click or drag .
Because of click - through , you must now be careful about where and how you click in the title bar of a background Safari window ; that ’s not the case for any other app on the Mac .
Tab Colors
One of the best things Apple introduced in Leopard was a consistent , single style for regular windows , with increased contrast between the frontmost window ( dark ) and background windows ( light ) .
Safari 4 uses the wrong colors both for active and inactive windows .
The following table compares the top left corner of active ( foreground ) and inactive ( background ) windows in Safari 3 and 4 on Mac OS X 10.5.6 .
Safari 3 uses the system - standard colors for both states .
Safari 4 is shown both with the leftmost tab active and inactive .
3
The toolbar / title bar in a standard , frontmost Leopard window is a gray gradient that goes from 77 % brightness at the top to 59 % at the bottom ; for background windows , the standard gradient goes from 91 – 81 % .
( 100 % would be pure white , 0 % pure black . )
Safari 4 displays four different title bar states , for active and inactive tabs in both foreground and background windows .
In none of these four states does Safari 4 use the standard gradient colors .
Safari 3 Safari 4
Active Tab Safari 4
Inactive Tab Foreground 77–59 88–69 73–61 Background 91–81 95–86 83–77
In the above table , colors are expressed as a range of two grayscale percentages , the first from the top of the window , the second from the bottom of the gradient .
The usability advantage to Leopard ’s consistent system - wide window colors is that it is easy to pick out the current frontmost window at a glance , regardless of the contents of the window , by glancing at the title / toolbar areas at the top of your screen .
All background windows are very light ; the frontmost window is dark , so to find the active window just look for the dark one .
Safari 4 ’s non-standard colors ruin this simplicity , particularly in two cases :
A foreground window containing a single tab .
A background window containing several tabs , and where the rightmost tab is the active one .
The problem with # 1 is that in an active Safari 4 window with just one tab , the color is nearly as bright as that of a standard background window , especially at the very top of the window — there should be a 14 percent difference in brightness but the difference is only 3 percent .
The problem with # 2 is that inactive tabs in a background Safari 4 window are nearly as dark as the active tab in the frontmost Safari 4 window — there ’s only a 6 percent difference in brightness at the top of the window .
In both cases there simply is n’t enough contrast .
A significant Leopard usability improvement has been ignored for no benefit whatsoever .
Other Things That Are Wrong With Safari 4 ’s Tabs
Add to the aforementioned problems :
In order to fit more text in each tab , Apple is drawing Safari 4 tab titles in a different font size and weight ( 11 px Lucida Grande Bold ) than the title bar text in every other window in the entire system ( 13 px Lucida Grande Regular ) .
This makes the title bar area look particularly strange when a window contains just one tab .
Prior to Safari 4 , you could Command - click the title of a window to get a pop -up menu showing a hierarchical path listing for the current URL .
This feature is now gone .
I ca n’t say it was that big of a deal , but it seems to me Apple could bring it back when you Command - click on a tab title .
The triangular grippy strip that indicates the draggable region of a tab is a poor choice .
It looks almost exactly like the standard drag - to - resize indicator in the bottom right corner of a window , but serves a completely different purpose .
Things that look similar should behave similarly ; things that behave differently should look different .
In Safari 3 ( and prior ) , you could drag a URL from any app and drop it into the empty space at the right side of the tab bar to create a new tab in that window displaying the contents of the dropped URL .
It is very tricky to do this in the Safari 4 public beta .
The obvious destination for such a drop is the “ + ” button in the top right corner , but that does n’t work unless you hit just the right sliver — maybe 4 or 5 pixels horizontally between the “ + ” button and the rightmost tab .
( You can drop a URL on Safari ’s Dock icon to open it in a new tab , but only if you change Safari ’s preference setting regarding how to “ Open links from applications ” . )
The entire “ + ” button acts as a drop target for URLs in the Windows version of Safari 4 , so I can only assume this is a bug in the Mac version .
The Good News : Tab Dragging No Longer Modal
In April last year , I documented Safari 3 ’s two different modes for moving tabs with drag - and - drop , which I called inter - window ( moving a tab from one window to another ) and intra-window ( rearranging the order of tabs within one window ) .
The mode was determined by the direction in which you initially began moving a tab .
The problem was that once you entered a mode , you could n’t switch to the other without stopping and starting over .
Good news : Safari 4 no longer locks you into a dragging mode .
Regardless which direction you start dragging , you can change directions and drag the tab wherever you want .
Even better news : the locked - in dragging modes are also gone in Safari 4 even when you diddle the defaults preferences to revert to the old - style tabs underneath the toolbar .
Cinematic Experience
The first time you launch it , Safari 4 opens a browser window that displays a logo and animation , replete with sound , reminiscent of the startup screen for Apple TV .
I find it oddly captivating .
It ’s an example of the “ cinematic experience ” that Apple has been pushing for at recent WWDCs — the idea being that the production value and feel of Mac software should be of similar caliber to that of popular TV shows and movies .
What ’s interesting about this splash screen technically is that it is n’t a QuickTime or Flash movie .
It ’s implemented entirely using HTML 5 and JavaScript .
The new Top Sites feature — the most prominent feature on Apple ’s “ What ’s new in Safari ” page — is another example .
From a practical standpoint it ’s a neat idea , and pretty much identical to the “ new tab page ” feature Google introduced in Chrome — a visual matrix of your most - visited web sites , created and updated automatically based on your browsing history .
But where Chrome ’s presentation is a flat rectangle of thumbnails , Safari’s is a three - dimensional fan against a black background , complete with a glossy reflective foreground .
Safari uses RSS to check for updated content on the pages in your Top Sites list ; when there ’s a change , it marks the page with a peeled - down corner and a star .
It ’s nice .
One thing that ’s not at all obvious , however , is how you can customize the top sites list .
When you enter the edit mode , you can drag to rearrange , pin a site to a specific spot in the grid , and delete a site from the list .
But when you delete a site , it ’s replaced by another site chosen automatically based on your history .
You can customize the listing , though — when in edit mode , just drag - and - drop a URL from another Safari window to the spot where you want it in the Top Sites grid .
( Nerdier tip : the list of top sites is stored in a plist file at ~/ Library / Safari/TopSites.
plist ; you can edit it by hand when Safari is n’t running . )
The other visual - effects - powered feature is the addition of Cover Flow for your browsing history .
I seldom use Cover Flow mode in iTunes and never in the Finder , but for web page history , it strikes me as downright useful — perfect for finding a page when you do n’t remember the name or URL , but you do remember what it looked like .
Improved Location Field and Google Search Auto- Completion
Both the location field ( a.k.a. address field ) and Google search field feature much improved auto - completion .
The biggest improvement to the location field auto - completion is that it feels way faster .
Previously , if I typed fast enough , I could hit return intending to engage the default suggested completion , but in fact hit return before the completion menu had even appeared , in which case Safari would take whatever few characters I ’d typed and tack “ .com ” at the end , loading the wrong web site .
The completion menu now seems to appear instantaneously .
It also looks better , with a clear separation between page titles and URLs , and separate sections for matches from your history and bookmarks .
In Safari 3 , the completion menu only showed URLs ( no titles ) , and there was no separation between matches from your bookmarks and history .
My only gripe is that it currently shows the history section above the bookmarks section —
I ’d prefer it the other way around .
The Google search field now populates the suggestion menu as you type with results from Google ’s Suggest feature .
For me at least , the suggestions are remarkably , almost spookily , good .
Note , though , that it does n’t offer suggested results , but rather offers suggested terms to search for .
If you choose a suggestion from the menu , you still go to a Google search results listing , not immediately to a destination page .
That ’s OK with me , but it ’s not going to satisfy those of you who prefer input manager hacks like Inquisitor .
Minor Observations
( CNN ) --
It took nearly a month , but Democrat Scott Murphy has won the battle for New York 's 20th Congressional District .
Democrat Scott Murphy will take the U.S. House seat for New York 's 20th Congressional District .
Republican James Tedisco conceded Friday and called Murphy to offer congratulations .
The race was too close to call after the March 31 election .
But as absentee and overseas ballots poured in over the past few weeks , Murphy 's lead grew .
President Obama extended his congratulations to the Missouri - born Murphy , saying his addition to Congress bodes well for the economic challenges facing the country .
" With this hard fought win , Scott has shown he is willing to fight the tough battles on behalf of the people in his district , " Obama said .
" As a candidate , Scott courageously championed the economic plans we need to lift our nation and put it on a better path , and he will continue to do so in Congress .
With his proven record of creating high paying jobs and standing up for upstate New York , Scott will bring to the nation 's capitol the change New Yorkers need . "
Murphy , 39 , is a millionaire venture capitalist .
Tedisco , 58 , is a longtime New York state lawmaker and ranking Republican in the State Assembly .
The candidates were running to replace Democrat Kirsten Gillibrand , who was appointed to Hillary Clinton 's former Senate seat by New York Gov. David Paterson .
Clinton is now secretary of state in President Obama 's Cabinet .
What normally would have been a local contest with little national interest partially evolved into an early referendum on Obama , his polices to jump - start the economy and the reputations of the Democratic and Republican parties .
Both national parties and their congressional committees poured money and resources into the race .
The 20th is a moderate - to - conservative district that Republicans dominated for decades .
Gillibrand won the seat in 2006 and was re-elected in November .
Do n't Miss Congressional race may have national implications
The GOP enjoyed a wide edge in voter registration in the district , which includes portions of the Catskills , parts of the upper Hudson River valley , the Saratoga Springs area , Lake George and portions of the Adirondacks .
George W. Bush won the district in the 2004 election , but Obama narrowly took the district in November .
The Republicans have fared poorly in New York in the past two elections , losing six House seats in 2006 and 2008 , leaving them with just three in the 29 - seat delegation .
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele , on the job for just three months , made recapturing the seat a priority and appeared twice with Tedisco .
But with the election so close , both parties hailed the results .
" Just a few short months ago , President Obama carried this district , and Kirsten Gillibrand won by an overwhelming margin against a well - funded challenger , " said Rep. Pete Sessions , chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee .
" For the first time in a long time , a Republican congressional candidate went toe - to - toe with a Democrat in a hard - fought battle over independent voters . "
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said the Democratic win , in a district where Republicans outnumber Democrats , is a vote of confidence for the president and his policies .
" Scott 's victory is a clear indication that Democrats , independents and Republicans across the country want to continue moving America in a New Direction and reject the ' just say no ' policies of Washington , D.C. , Republicans , " Pelosi said in a statement Friday afternoon .
But while the Democrats praised their victory in the special election , analysts cautioned that the race would probably have little bearing on future races .
" There should be a healthy pause before over - analyzing the results from New York 20 , " said Nathan Gonzalez , political editor of the Rothenberg Political Report .
" Historically , these early special elections are n't good predictors .
I 'm not convinced that this special election will be a good predictor of what happens in 2010 . "
All About U.S. House of Representatives • Hillary Clinton • Kirsten Gillibrand
The BBC recently aired a documentary on the health of dog breeds pedigrees , and criticizes professional dog breeding and showing – especially in Britain and over the last 50 years or so ( however , much of the documentary easily applies to breeding and showing here in the States ) — as breeding to death , with dog shows as the main cause for such aesthetic breeding .
Essentially , the documentary shows how these breeds have changed dramatically over recent decades , and how this aesthetic breeding has caused horrible problems within the general breed ; for example , King Cavalier Spaniels with heart disease or skulls to small for their brain causing Syringomyelia ( a neurological disorder ) , Pugs and Bulldogs unable to breath properly ( and nothe breeds have not always looked like that ) , German Shepherds who can’t walk properly due to hipdysplasia , and increases in seizures and cancer in some breeds ( especially the Boxer ) .
The report claims , among many things , the only 10 % of the overall gene pools ( from just 40 years ago ) for these breeds remains , while the other 90 % was lost to unethical inbreeding ( mother to son , and brother to sister ) .
The report states that this is all done in order to over - exaggerate certain characteristics when cosmetically breeding ( read : “ playing God ” ) : a good example is the fact that Basset Hounds did not have such a short gait , no where near as many wrinkles , and did not have ears that were quite as long as today ’s ( they looked more like a larger Beagle ) : the breed now has increased arthritis due to a “ deformed ” structure .
The best scenes , however , are when they show CGI images of the previous bone structures of a breed compared with that of their current structure .
As a Veterinary Technician I can tell you that I have met many a dog breeder , and am not happy with many of their positions , beliefs , and attitudes ; however , I have met very kind , caring , and thoughtful breeders who simply love a particular breed and want to breed their pet to create a better and better bred breed .
In my opinion , ignorance is to blame here : I do n’t believe many of these people ( though some sure are as heartless as the ones portrayed in this documentary ) would not be a part of all of this if they truly understood the extent of the genetic manipulation , the effects of said manipulation , and the shallowness of producing genetic defects in order to manipulate and create genetic aesthetics .
The BBC video is quite long , but is truly interesting and informative ( in fact , in my opinion , it is just this lack of true and honest investigative journalism that is destroying our media– for example , the documentary produced by the BBC critiques the Cruft ’s dog show , which is aired yearly by the BBC . ) and is a good watch .
Below are posted excerpts from the documentary , and in a following post , I hope to have personal interviews with some professional breeders in order to obtain their viewpoint on this documentary .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
March 27 , 2009
Categories : Uncategorized .
Tags : bassett hound , bbc documentary , Boxer , cancer , dog breeding , dog shows , english bulldog , genetic deformity , genetic manipulation , german shephard , hip dysplasia , inbreeding , king charles cavalier spaniel , playing god , pug , purebred dogs , seizures , syringomyelia .
Author : christophpissedoff
1 Comment
Comments RSS TrackBack Identifier URI
GM unveiled the strikingly beautiful Cadillac Converj at the Detroit Auto Show in January .
The incredibly sleek car uses the same 40 mile AER Voltec propulsion system as the Volt though it is tweaked for higher performance that models indicate it could achieve .
Bob Lutz told GM - Volt.com at the time that he wanted the car to be produced and even acknowledged that the clay models had been built and that its design had the necessary aerodynamics to achieve the 40 mile range .
He also noted the car would cost " about two Volts " .
According to MotorTrend , GM has approved moving the car into production .
Also the report cites unidentified GM sources as saying that GM also has approved an as yet unseen 7 - seat people - mover / crossover as the third Voltec car , most likely under the Buick brand .
The Converj is to be launched in 2011 as a 2012 model and will remain a 2 - door coupe .
The Buick is likely to be based on the Chevy Orlando which shares the same compact Delta platform as the Volt .
It is a compact yet spacious vehilce that can either haul cargo or easily seat 7 , and could likely readily be adapted to the Voltec drivetrain .
In fitting with this , there have also been recent reports that GM will be unveiling a Buick version similar to the Orlando at the Shanghai auto show on April 20th .
Perhaps that will be the new Voltec machine .
Spokespeople for GM have not confirmed these assertions and for now they remain rumors .
Source ( MotorTrend
The Associated Press
Saying she is '' struggling to walk , '' Serena Williams ended her latest bid for a 24th Grand Slam title and withdrew from the French Open before her second - round match Wednesday because of an injured Achilles heel .
Williams hurt herself during her semifinal loss at the U.S.
Open three weeks ago , which she called '' bad timing ' ' and '' bad luck , '' and went to lengths to make clear she did n't think this was any sort of sign that she can't continue to pursue trophies in the future .
The sudden announcement came roughly an hour before the 39 - year - old American was supposed to head out onto Court Philippe Chatrier to face Tsvetana Pironkova .
This was only a matter of time .
Everyone from inside and outside GM assumed that the company would default on its debt and likely go bankrupt barring some miracle .
But now it 's official .
The company 's CFO says the firm will not make its June 1 , $ 1 billion debt payment reports WSJ .
The announcement comes as smaller rival Chrysler appears headed for liquidiation .
Update :
The company says it will have an open debt - for - equity exchange offer open for bondholders on June 1 , which is the date that the government has given it to complete restructuring .
Presumaby the outcome of the Chrysler restructuring / bankruptcy will have some effect on the mood of GM 's bondholders and what they 're willing to accept .
During the Capitals 5 - 4 shootout victory over Carolina on Saturday night , they experienced something that you do n’t often see in Hockey , a 5 on 1 break .
This was n’t just any 5 on 1 break either , the players the Caps had in this break were Alex Ovechkin , Nicklaus Backstrom , and Mike Green , with Michael Nylander and Alexander Semin trailing the play .
They failed to convert , and instead the Hurricanes went the other way to score .
This is the very definition of Epic Fail .
Luckily the Caps were able to pull out the victory , with 4 of those 5 players scoring on the evening .
Let ’s go to the video tape :
Reminds me of the commentary from NFL Blitz , “ What a Debacle ! ”
Mr Sarkozy , not known for his tact , said US president Barack Obama was “ not always up to standard on decision - making or efficiency ” , José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero was “ perhaps not very intelligent ” while Angela Merkel “ had no choice but to come round to my position ” when she saw the state of German banks .
March 16 , 2009
Lowering The Sights for Profit Margin Recovery
John P. Hussman , Ph.D .
All rights reserved and actively enforced .
Reprint Policy
Last week 's advance gave us a good chance to " buckle - up , " and we closed out some near - term call options that benefited from the market 's advance .
Overall , the Strategic Growth Fund remains tightly hedged .
As I noted last week , " While the stock market is extremely compressed , which invites the typical ' fast , furious , prone - to - failure ' rallies to clear this condition , my larger concern is that market action and credit spreads are demonstrating very little investor confidence , risk - tolerance or commitment to stocks . "
With that " clearing rally " largely out of the way , my concerns are strongly focused on defending capital here .
The absence of appropriate policy responses to the credit crisis has made me much less optimistic about the potential for sustained recovery in profit margins toward anything near the levels we saw in 2007 .
Those profit margins were about 50 % above the historical norm , thanks to significant balance sheet leverage , as well as relatively depressed labor compensation as a proportion of GDP .
Had we responded to the credit crisis by forcing bondholders to take appropriate haircuts ( which I 've advocated ever since the Bear Stearns crisis ) , and focusing efforts on restructuring mortgage and debt obligations , the add - on effects of the recent downturn would have been much less severe than they are , and appear likely to become .
As geeky as the following argument will sound , the fact is that profit maximizing firms try to operate on the " elastic " portion of their demand curve .
That is , they operate at a point where cutting prices will predictably increase revenue , and the only thing that will stop them from cutting prices is if the ( positive ) marginal revenue from doing so falls below their marginal cost of producing an additional unit .
Unfortunately , that microeconomic consideration is important here , because the defensive and structural ( probably long - term ) shift of consumers and businesses toward less borrowing and more saving , combined with aggressive competition to preserve market share , creates a situation where we can expect lower profit margins per unit of production for the foreseeable future .
In plain English , that means that backward - looking profits of recent years are not a good benchmark by which to gauge the valuation of U.S. stocks .
Last October , my view was that the 600 level on the S&P 500 would represent deep undervaluation .
Since then , however , it has become clear that we are observing a larger structural shift in the U.S. economy than seemed likely or necessary at that time .
Presently , assigning a somewhat increased likelihood of normal profit margins in the future ( rather than the elevated ones of recent years ) results in a 10 - 20 % lowering of future valuation benchmarks .
Investors will do particular harm to themselves if they gauge valuations on the basis of the elevated profit margins that we observed in 2007 .
We will continue to observe larger dislocations than necessary until our policy makers get the response right , which is to approach the bondholders of distressed and undercapitalized financial institutions , and tell them that the companies will ( appropriately ) go into government receivership unless a portion of those bondholder claims are moved lower in the capital structure ( essentially swapping some of the debt and giving them equity instead , which can then be counted as " Tier 1 " capital ) .
Why should the American public ( and eventually our children ) foot the bill to protect the full interests of corporate bondholders ?
Has everybody gone completely insane , or is it simply not clear that the sum total of the government 's response to - date has been to squander public funds to defend private bondholders ?
Remember that roughly 30 % of even Citigroup 's liabilities represent debt to its own bondholders .
Less than two - thirds of its obligations are to depositors and other customers .
You could literally wipe out 30 % of Citigroup 's assets without customers or taxpayers losing a dime if bondholders were appropriately held accountable for the hit through the receivership process .
With $ 600 billion in bondholder liabilities , why should the U.S. public be putting up funds to defend Citi 's bondholders ?
You could swap a fraction of those bondholder liabilities into equity capital , let Citigroup continue to operate , and there 's a good chance that the bondholders would be made whole over time anyway ( especially if the mortgage obligations were restructured using property appreciation rights , which are essentially debt - equity swaps on the mortgage side ) .
Why are n't the bondholders doing this voluntarily ?
Simple .
Why should they , when Geithner is promising them your money and mine to defend 100 % of their claims ?
Meanwhile , the excitement of investors last week about Citigroup posting an operating profit in the first two months of the year simply indicates that investors may not fully understand the term " operating profit . "
Citigroup could burst into flames while Vikram Pandit sells lemonade in the parking lot , and Citi would still post an operating profit .
Operating profits exclude what happens on the balance sheet .
On the valuation front , this week Bill Hester offers some historical perspective on stock market valuations during recessions ( additional link at the end of this comment ) , emphasizing metrics that are not skewed by the abnormally high profit margins of the past few years .
To expand on those , I 've included dividends to the list of " smooth fundamentals " below .
As with S&P 500 earnings , S&P 500 dividends have historically followed a reasonably consistent growth trend of about 6 % annually .
Recently , dividends on the S&P 500 have been plunging due to dividend cuts among major financials .
As of last week , the dividend yield on the S&P 500 was 3.2 % , versus a historical median of about 3.8 % .
From a dividend standpoint , that would imply that the S&P 500 is still about 20 % above even median historical valuations .
A somewhat more constructive picture emerges if we normalize the dividend yield by using " trend " dividends ( the red line in the chart above ) rather than actual dividends .
On that basis , the present dividend yield rises to 4 % , while the historical median drops to about 3.4 % ( thanks to the omission of high yields based on above - trend dividends from the calculation ) .
Unfortunately , even with this adjustment , 40 % of historical yield observations are still above that 4 % level .
A normalized dividend yield of 4 % , coupled with long - term growth of 6 % in normalized dividend yields , produces an extremely straightforward result , which is that at current levels , the S&P 500 is probably priced to deliver long - term returns of about 10 % annually .
To the extent that investors become comfortable with yields well below 4 % , the returns from now until that point would tend to exceed 10 % annually .
To the extent that investors demand yields above 4 % , the returns from now until that point would tend to fall short of 10 % annually .
In any event , it is difficult to view stocks as being extremely undervalued unless we assume a sustained return to the unusually elevated profit margins of recent years .
On the basis of a wide variety of evidence , my own impression is that the S&P 500 is moderately undervalued , at about the level that is likely to produce total returns on the order of 10 - 12 % annually over the coming decade .
That is a reasonable rate of return , and could reasonably be considered as attractive relative to the returns likely from bonds of similar maturity .
The difficulty , from my perspective , is that investors remain measurably averse to risk , even after last week 's " clearing rally . "
To the extent that the current economic downturn is outside the norm , we should also be prepared to observe risk premiums and valuation extremes that are outside the norm .
We will be attentive to improvements in market action that suggest a fresh , robust willingness of investors to accept risk .
Presently , we do n't have that evidence .
Market Climate
As of last week , the Market Climate for stocks remained characterized by favorable valuations and unfavorable market action .
Having experienced a " fast , furious " ( and possibly prone - to - failure ) advance to clear the recent oversold condition , we no longer observe the compressed conditions of recent weeks , which opens up some potential for fresh losses .
At the same time , we have to allow for a further squeeze to short - sellers , since new sellers may not be inclined to liquidate stock until we move a few percent higher .
In any event , the overall combination of valuations , market action , economic evidence , and credit conditions suggests that the market 's likely return / risk profile remains muted .
Further improvement in market internals would be helpful , but meanwhile , it is difficult to envision a quick reversal in the economy .
More likely , increasing defaults are ahead .
In bonds , the Market Climate was characterized last week by modestly unfavorable yield levels and relatively neutral yield pressures .
There is little pressure in the bond market for yields to drive higher at the moment , given the continued demand for safe - havens .
For our part , TIPS provide competitive yields with straight Treasuries , less volatility , and better long - term prospects in the face of probable inflation pressures several years out ( though probably not in the next couple of years ) .
The Strategic Total Return Fund continues to have most of its assets in Treasury Inflation Protected Securities , with about 30 % of assets still allocated between precious metals shares , foreign currencies , and utility shares .
New from Bill Hester : Market Valuations During U.S. Recessions
---
The foregoing comments represent the general investment analysis and economic views of the Advisor , and are provided solely for the purpose of information , instruction and discourse .
Prospectuses for the Hussman Strategic Growth Fund , the Hussman Strategic Total Return Fund , the Hussman Strategic International Fund , and the Hussman Strategic Dividend Value Fund , as well as Fund reports and other information , are available by clicking " The Funds " menu button from any page of this website .
Estimates of prospective return and risk for equities , bonds , and other financial markets are forward - looking statements based the analysis and reasonable beliefs of Hussman Strategic Advisors .
They are not a guarantee of future performance , and are not indicative of the prospective returns of any of the Hussman Funds .
Actual returns may differ substantially from the estimates provided .
Estimates of prospective long - term returns for the S&P 500 reflect our standard valuation methodology , focusing on the relationship between current market prices and earnings , dividends and other fundamentals , adjusted for variability over the economic cycle ( see for example Investment , Speculation , Valuation , and Tinker Bell , The Likely Range of Market Returns in the Coming Decade and Valuing the S&P 500 Using Forward Operating Earnings ) .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , March 26 , 2009 Thursday , March 26 , 2009
In a near complete reversal of his comments on Tuesday , when he told a Congressional hearing that there were no plans to move towards a global currency to supplant the dollar , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner sought to please the elitist CFR by assuring them that he was “ open ” to the notion of a new global currency system .
Geithner ’s two - faced reversal is another shining example of how much contempt Obama administration front men have for the American people – assuring them one day that the dollar will remain while the next pandering to their globalist puppet masters the CFR as the move towards a global monetary union accelerates .
As we reported yesterday , Obama , Geithner and Bernanke on Tuesday publicly defended the dollar and denounced proposals by China and Russia to supplant the greenback with a new global currency , and yet the very policies of the Obama administration , the Treasury and the Federal Reserve are creating the perfect storm for the dollar ’s death and its replacement with a new international reserve currency .
“ Would you categorically renounce the United States moving away from the dollar and going to a global currency as suggested by China ? ” a lawmaker asked Treasury Secretary Geithner on Tuesday .
Geithner immediately responded , “ I would . ”
However , just a day later , Geithner told the CFR in a speech that he was “ open ” to the Chinese proposal to replace the dollar with a new international reserve system .
In response , “ The dollar fell 1.3 per cent against the euro as headlines saying “ Geithner open to SDR currency ” flashed across traders ’ screens , ” reports the Financial Times .
[ efoods ]
“ I have n’t read the governor ’s proposal .
He ’s a very thoughtful , very careful distinguished central banker .
I generally find him sensible on every issue , ” said Geithner , before adding , “ We ’re actually quite open to that suggestion – you should see it as rather evolutionary rather building on the current architecture rather than moving us to global monetary union . ”
However , any move away from the dollar and towards an international reserve system , including the use of “ special drawing rights ” – a synthetic multinational currency maintained by the IMF , cannot be defined as anything other than a move towards a global monetary union .
The continued use of the dollar as a reserve currency , he added , “ depends ..on how effective we are in the United States … at getting our fiscal system back to the point where people judge it as sustainable over time . ”
By that standard then , the dollar is a dead duck .
The moderator of the CFR forum later gave Geithner a chance to reverse his comments , nervously sensing that he ’d let the cat out of the bag .
Geithner ’s comments to the CFR are noteworthy because the CFR itself has constantly lobbied for the end of the dollar and its replacement with a new global currency as part of a wider agenda to establish global governance .
In May 2007 , Benn Steil , the director of international economics at the Council on Foreign Relations wrote an article for the CFR ’s influential Foreign Affairs magazine entitled The End of National Currency , in which he wrote that , “ the world needs to abandon unwanted currencies , replacing them with dollars , euros , and multinational currencies as yet unborn . ”
Steil wrote that “ countries should abandon monetary nationalism ” and “ produce a new multinational currency over a comparably large and economically diversified area . ”
In the article , he argues that unneeded currencies should first be replaced by the dollar or the euro , but that even these currencies were just a temporary solution for an ultimate goal of a world monetary union .
World Net Daily featured Steil ’s comments in a piece entitled Goodbye U.S. dollar , hello global currency .
Paul Volcker , former Fed Chairman , has also called for a world monetary union , famously stating , “ A global economy requires a global currency . ”
Volcker ’s replacement Alan Greenspan has also badmouthed the dollar ’s position as the world reserve currency , arguing that it should be replaced by the euro and also encouraging Arab countries to abandon their dollar pegs , which would be disastrous for the greenback .
Groups like the Single Global Currency Union have also received support from NGO ’s and other influential policymakers in the pursuit of creating a global currency as part of a wider agenda to implement “ global governance ” .
In addition , White House economic adviser Austan Goolsbee refused to rule out the introduction of a global currency in an interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer earlier this week .
Treasury Secretary Geithner has played a leading role in the wholesale looting of the greenback , announcing this week that the printing presses will be cranked to the tune of at least another $ 1 trillion to buy more “ toxic assets ” from the sagging balance sheets of failing institutions – again , all at the expense of the taxpayer who will pay for it with rampant tax hikes and runaway inflation on fuel and food later down the road .
Geithner ’s double - dealings are nothing less than traitorous .
While publicly downplaying the demise of the dollar and the birth of a global currency , his every action is greasing the skids for that very scenario to unfold .
In the meantime , he ’s careful to assure the anti-American fifth column Council on Foreign Relations , who have vehemently lobbied for a global currency , that the agenda for a world monetary union , a key cog in the pursuit of world government , is right on track .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
RabbitMQ – A Fast , Reliable Queuing Option for Rubyists
By Peter Cooper
When it comes to developing large systems with many interdependent parts , it ’s common nowadays to use “ queues . ”
A queue is , for the most part , just a list that you can add items to and remove items from .
Apps can use queues to despatch jobs / tasks to other apps or to shuttle logs and status information around .
RabbitMQ is a fast , reliable , open source queueing option .
It 's not developed in Ruby , though , but in Erlang , a functional language with a reputation for distributed , high availability , fault tolerant apps .
It presents itself as a separate daemon - much as Apache , Passenger , memcached , or MySQL are n’t written in Ruby .
Using it from Ruby is n’t difficult , and , of course , you can use it from a multitude of languages so if you want to push in items from Ruby and pull them out to be processed with something else ( or vice versa ) it 's ideal .
RabbitMQ can be used as a hub for communication between all of your processes .
On RabbitMQ , Rany Keddo , the developer of Workling , said :
If you ’re doing high volume messaging and need a high degree of reliability , you should definitely consider using RabbitMQ over Starling .
( And since I started to draft this article , this point has perhaps been proven even more with Twitter 's ditching of Starling for a new , Scala - based system . )
So RabbitMQ has the power and reputation and if you want to do some serious queueing , you should be checking it out .
With that in mind , Alexis Richardson ( from the RabbitMQ team ) and I have put together a few resources that will be useful to you ( as a Rubyist ) if / when you decide to check RabbitMQ out :
Official RabbitMQ Homepage - Homepage with general feature information , links to documentation , downloads and examples .
Installing RabbitMQ on OS X - A guide to installing RabbitMQ on Mac OS X by Rany Keddo .
With the installation of Erlang , it 's not quite the quickest process , but it 's worth the wait .
AMQP " driver " for Ruby / EventMachine - A Ruby library by Aman Gupta that provides an event driven AMQP implementation for Rubyists , built around EventMachine .
Works on Ruby 1.8 , 1.9 , and JRuby and tested directly against RabbitMQ .
Riding the Rabbit - A blog post by Dan Sinclair that demonstrates the setup of a RabbitMQ instance , and the use of the aforementioned AMQP Ruby / EventMachine library .
OH HAI RabbitMQ !
Screencast - A great screencast by British Rubyist Jonathan Conway that demonstrates how to set up RabbitMQ and perform some basic operations .
Warren -
A wrapper for AMQP - A library for pushing messages on to RabbitMQ queues ( and receiving them at the other end ) by the Brightbox crew .
Authentication and filtering features can be added through custom classes .
RabbitMQ and Ruby presentation - Ben Hood ( one of RabbitMQ's developers ) gives a 40 minute presentation on RabbitMQ and Ruby .
He looks at the background of RabbitMQ , the motivations behind using something like RabbitMQ , the approaches that have been taken in the past , AMQP , and , yes , a lot more .
View Transcript
Transcript
the boss says , " You 're hired , but company policy requires me to post the job opening internally before it 's official . "
Man says , " Are you saying your company policy requires you to lie to employees and give them false hope ? "
The boss says , " Exactly . "
Man says , .
" That 's cruel . "
The boss says , " In six months you 'll wish you had some false hope too . "
Terry Noonan returns home to New York 's Hells Kitchen after a ten year absence .
He soon hooks up with childhood pal Jackie who is involved in the Irish mob run by his brother Frankie .
Terry also rekindles an old flame with Jackie 's sister Kathleen .
Soon , however , Terry is torn between his loyalty to his friends and his loyalties to others .
Written by Josh Pasnak < chainsaw@intouch.bc.ca >
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The police officer thought to be shown in video footage of a G20 protest in London pushing a man who later died has come forward .
An independent criminal probe has begun into the death of Ian Tomlinson , 47 , who had a heart attack minutes later .
Additional video footage from 1 April shown on Channel 4 News appears to show an officer striking him with a baton .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) is trying to identify officers who were at the scene .
The IPCC has ordered a second post - mortem examination as part of its investigation .
See a map of the scene Mr Tomlinson 's stepson Paul King said the footage has " deeply touched " the family and said " we can not lay our father to rest " until the relatives get justice .
The IPCC began its investigation before footage surfaced of Mr Tomlinson being shoved .
Ian Tomlinson lived and worked in the City of London The IPCC said it would examine the footage from 1 April and discuss it with the Crown Prosecution Service .
Following Mr Tomlinson 's death the IPCC had initially said it would oversee an investigation into the incident to be carried out by the City of London police .
Deborah Glass , of the IPCC , explained the decision to take over the investigation : " People are rightly concerned about this tragic death and this footage is clearly disturbing .
" In light of new information which we became aware of yesterday ( Tuesday ) evening , we have now taken the decision to independently investigate .
" People have been calling for a criminal investigation .
I want to stress that , from the outset of all our investigations , we consider whether criminal offences have been committed .
" This is a criminal investigation and we will , of course , be discussing it with the Crown Prosecution Service .
" At the moment the investigation is focused on identifying the officers in the footage .
Several have already come forward and all efforts are being made to trace those who have n't . "
Heavy landing Ms Glass appealed for more people to submit any other video footage of the incident .
The video , shot at 1929 BST at the Royal Exchange Passage on 1 April , initially shows Mr Tomlinson , who was going home from work and not protesting , walking away from a group of police officers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The footage , recorded by a New York fund manager , shows Mr Tomlinson receiving a two - handed push from an officer , landing heavily before remonstrating with the police .
Minutes later , Mr Tomlinson collapsed and died of a heart attack , after walking to nearby Cornhill where he received first aid from police .
Earlier the Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson said the images raised " obvious concerns " and pledged full support from the Met .
The Guardian newspaper obtained the video and has handed it to the IPCC .
Opposition MPs have called for a criminal investigation into the death .
The police have well - established powers to use reasonable force if they think there is a threat either to themselves or the public , but these are enhanced during a protest or riot .
The key concept is that of " reasonable force " - i.e. force that is in proportion to the threat faced either by the public , the police or property
Thus " reasonable force " may literally range from putting a hand on someone 's elbow , to shooting them dead
The legislation governing police powers during demonstrations ( mostly the Public Order Act 1986 ) must also be seen in context of human rights ' legislation
Under European human rights ' laws the police are required to actively protect the public 's right to peaceful protest
Policing during a protest , therefore , is a negotiation between the rights of police to use reasonable force to protect the public , and their responsibility to allow peaceful protest to take place LOCATION OF IAN TOMLINSON AND G20 PROTESTS IN CITY OF LONDON
1. Protests at Bank Junction outside Bank of England
2. Protest outside RBS branch in Threadneedle Street
3. Climate Change tent city on Bishopsgate
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pin 1 1 Shares
Earlier we discussed 10 Reasons why you should consider growing organic vegetables in your backyard .
Organic gardening is becoming more popular now as people try to live a healthier greener life and spend less money in the process .
For those who live in a city or in an apartment or a condo setting with very limited outdoor space or backyards , it has always been difficult to grow their own vegetables .
Small space gardening is possible at your own home or in your community so you can eat healthier and tastier veggies without spending a bundle at the supermarket .
Container Gardening
Container gardening can be done by anyone with limited space .
If you have a small patio or a balcony or even a small yard , you can do container gardening .
Growing vegetables need 6 hours or more of sunlight , sufficient watering and good drainage so keep this in mind when planning your container garden .
You can be creative in selecting a container .
You can always buy pots ( either on the ground or hanging pots ) but it is not necessary to spend lot of money .
You can reuse discarded milk containers , hanging baskets , trash cans , barrels , wooden crates ( with plastic lining ) , etc .
Make sure that you drill holes at the bottom or on the sides for drainage and it is a good idea to prop up the container above ground using slats or bricks to allow for free drainage .
Different plants require different sizes of containers .
Smaller containers such as milk jugs can be used to grow herbs , lettuce , spinach , peppers , green onions , dwarf tomatoes , etc .
You can use larger containers ( 10 gallons or more ) to grow cabbage , larger tomatoes , cucumbers , squash , etc .
Refer to your seed packet or starter plant instructions for more information .
A great benefit of container gardening is the ability to move the containers around to maximize sunlight if your primary location does not get enough .
It is a good idea to use the potting soil mix available at most garden stores to use in the containers .
Look for organic .
Typical garden soil may not drain too well in containers .
If you compost , you will have ready made organic fertilizer to use , otherwise you can buy pre-packaged compost in any garden store .
Window Sill Gardening
If you do not have a patio or a balcony to do container gardening , you can still grow organic veggies on your window sill .
Same principles apply , although your options in the kind of vegetables you can grow will be limited to smaller plants .
Still , you should be able to grow salad greens and some tomatoes .
One of the less mentioned facts on gardening indoors ( like on a window sill ) is that it also helps in improving the air quality inside the house or the apartment by using up CO2 , generating Oxygen and possibly reducing the chances of Carbon Monoxide build up .
In addition , indoor plants also add moisture to the environment which is important as the the sealed environment inside a house can become too dry .
If the above two small space gardening methods still do not work for you , or you need some other options , than you may consider looking into the next two tips .
These are available to most city residents in US and Canada as well as many communities in UK , Australia and New Zealand .
Community Gardens
Think of these as Victory Gardens of the yore .
Many cities and townships now offer community gardening plots to their residents ( or it could be a shared community plot ) to allow them to grow their own produce and edible plants .
Most follow organic growing principles .
Community gardens can also be organized by a group of individuals and many such gardens are now springing up in vacant lots in urban settings that have seen the worst of the mortgage crisis .
They could also be found on roof tops or even truck beds .
Community gardens are a way for the residents of the community to grow their own food as well as volunteer to produce vegetables for the needy and the elderly in the community .
I love the concept as it is a way to fight urban blight , build stronger communities , bring urban dwellers close to the nature , promote work ethic and healthy eating habits and also forms a support system for the needy .
One unintended consequence of community gardens is a reduction in the crime in the community .
For more information on Community Gardens if you want to start one , or find one that is already in your community , you should visit the American Community Gardening Association website .
Community Supported Agriculture
Community Supported Agriculture or CSA is gaining in popularity in recent times .
A CSA is a relationship between a local farm and a local community where the farm produces and provides regular locally grown and typically organic produce to the participating members of the community .
A member of the community participates by buying a ‘ share ’ of the growing season ’s crop and in return the member receives weekly bounty of produce ( his share ) that is locally grown , free of pesticides , generally organic or close to organic , seasonal and at the height of freshness and ripeness .
A CSA farm is typically a small family owned farm that is making a transition to using organic methods of farming .
Many CSA farms provide discounts to members who are willing to contribute time and help out on the farm .
Some CSA farms also include flowers , eggs , baked goods and meat in addition to vegetables .
A CSA helps in promoting organic and sustainable farming for small farmers that may not otherwise survive .
Additionally , it helps the local community by keeping local dollars in the community .
Buying local also helps in reducing pollution and cutting down on oil use as no long distance refrigeration and transportation is needed .
Although the farms may be located outside of a city , many farms do offer memberships to residents of nearby cities and therefore can be an attractive option for some city dwellers .
More information is available .
Please note , that if you are keen on using organic vegetables , all the four options listed above will save you money and deliver better / fresher produce than buying it from organic grocery stores .
Many of these options also deliver additional social benefits that you may want to consider .
There are many options available today for a city dweller to grow organic vegetables and all it needs is a commitment and time to make use of them .
Why not give it a go ?
If you do use some of these methods or are planning to dip your toes in growing organic vegetables , please share with us your thoughts and stories .
Photo Credit
Container Garden : Source : Flickr ,
By : thomas pix
A Community Garden : Source : Flickr ,
By : vicki moore
Subscribe Now
You will receive all updates in your feed reader as soon as they are posted .
Very Convenient !
Great to see you again !
Already have our Feed ?
Like us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter for more updates
Sandra Cantu Case : Accused Female Molesters Rare , Often Accomplices Melissa Huckaby is accused of sex-murder of Cantu girl , but case is confounding .
April 15 , 2009  --
Police accusations this week that the woman charged with the murder of Sandra Cantu penetrated the Tracy , Calif. , 8 - year - old with a " foreign object " sent psychological chills up the spine of Americans .
The arrest of Melissa Huckaby , a 28 - year - old mother and Sunday school teacher , on charges of kidnapping , rape and murder also sent up red flags for criminologists .
Women are rarely sexual predators -- only about 5 percent to 15 percent , according to experts -- and when they do molest children , they are more often accomplices .
Monday , San Joaquin County police accused Huckaby of murdering her daughter 's playmate and stuffing her body in a suitcase that was found April 6 floating in a pond .
Huckaby , who is the granddaughter of the minister at Tracy 's Clover Road Baptist Church and lived five doors down from Cantu in a mobile home park , could face the death penalty .
While rare , women do commit sexual acts against children .
Research reported in a 2000 article in the Journal of Sex Research cites well - accepted studies by David Finkhor and Diana Russell that found women may account for up to 5 percent of the abuse of females and 20 percent of males .
These statistics include women either acting alone or with a partner .
Six percent of sexual abuse against females and 14 percent against males is carried out by females alone .
They ' Go Along for Love of the Man '
" There are so few female pedophiles , " according to Jack Levin , a criminologist who teachers the sociology of violence at Northeastern University in Boston .
" There are some , but the ones I 've seen who are sexually motivated have a partner . "
" They go along with it for the love of the man , " Levin told ABCNews.com .
" So even when the crime is sexual , they may not be motivated by sex . "
The author of " Serial Killers and Sadistic Murderers -- Up Close and Personal " said only one startling case comes to mind -- the Canadian couple Paul Bernardo and Karla Homolka .
The attractive , seemingly normal couple was convicted of the brutal 1995 kidnapping , rape and murder of two 15 - year - old girls .
' Enjoyed ' Sexual Assaults
Homolka portrayed herself as the innocent victim and struck a deal and got off with a 12 - year sentence for manslaughter .
She was released in 2005 , but soon after , videotapes of the crimes showed she was an active participant in the sexual assaults .
" She killed her own sister and one or two more , " Levin said .
" She was married to Bernardo , but it was very clear after the videotapes that she was enjoying it as much as Homolka .
" But because of the stigma , when people realized she was as guilty as her husband , she was a pariah . "
In another case , in the 1980s , Sunset Strip Killers Doug Clark and Carol M. Bundy were convicted of a series of sexual murders in Los Angeles .
Their victims were young prostitutes and runaways .
In a particularly gruesome murder , Clark took the severed head of one of his victims and had oral sex with it in the shower and stored it in an icebox .
Bundy , who died in 2003 , later admitted she had been present at some of the murders .
Today , Clark is on death row and has kept up a correspondence with Levin .
" He blames Bundy , " Levin said .
" Because of her name , Clark was a hero in her eyes .
She timed the murders to coincide with the days Ted Bundy killed his victims . "
Female Abusers Often Abused
Women are stereotypically nurturing and less threatening , and therefore images of women who are accused of molestation , such as the defendant in the Sandra Cantu case , jar our sensibilities , said crime experts .
When women are the perpetrators , they are often psychotic , according to Judie Alpert , a professor of applied psychology at New York University , who works with adults who were abused as children .
Often unreported , cases of female abusers show they are often victims of sexual molestation or emotional abuse themselves .
" Males are motivated by a lot of things , but they are usually not as unstable , " she told ABCNews.com .
" Men are more likely to abuse alone . "
" Sometimes women participate with their husbands and abuse when the partner abuses , " Alpert said .
" Sometimes a married couple does it as part of ritual abuse . "
Cantu Case Confounding
" They are either repeating something that was done to them , or trying to understand it , or they are completely out of touch with reality , " she said .
What makes the Sandra Cantu case more confounding to criminologists is the dual molestation and murder charges , according to Kenneth V. Lanning , a retired 30 - year veteran of the FBI and police consultant on crimes against children .
Sexual molestation and murder rarely go hand - in - hand , he told ABCNews.com .
" The vast majority of child molesters do not abduct and kill their victims , " said Lanning , who has no involvement in the case .
Strangers typically trick a child into sexual molestation -- by asking for help in finding a dog , " but they do n't typically force or injure and kill the child , " Lanning said .
" When it 's an acquaintance , like a neighbor or baby sitter , the kid is groomed , seduced and manipulated , " he said .
" For a 6 - year - old it might be a game , fooling around playing doctor .
As a result , it decreases the likelihood that the child will tell anyone about it . "
Lanning said police do best when they see molestation and murder as separate crimes , but sometimes the two overlap .
" What happens in some cases and what causes violence against the child is when the [ predator ] is grooming or seducing or manipulating and it did n't work out right , " he told ABCNews.com .
" They play games and the child goes along , then it gets carried away and they do something , and the child says , ' It hurts , I do n't like it tell , I 'll tell mommy . '
That may cause the killing of the child . "
Females can often disguise their sexual crimes because of the trust that is placed in them as caregivers , he said .
" Women are viewed as a lot less threatening , and they can get away with what men can never get away with , " Lanning said .
Still , he said with the overwhelming evidence about the relative scarcity of female molesters , he often gives controversial advice .
" When women come up to me and ask what is the one thing I can do to protect my child from a baby sitter -- and this is a terrible thing to say and people are offended -- I say the simplest thing an average person can do is never hire a male to watch your children , " he said .
Russell Crowe , who 's playing a hero journalist in his next movie , was on the Today Show bashing reporters , but , to tell you the truth , his description of the people at movie junkets is pretty apt .
Matt Lauer asked the raging Aussie if he shaped his character in State of Play based on his feelings about reporters .
Crowe said not really , because if he had it would have been a far meaner caricature : one - eyed , limping spandex - wearers .
His real problem is that sometimes reporters ask really dumb questions , but then get upset when they get a dumb answer .
And he 's right !
Why , just look at this disastrous snippet from an Robert Downey Jr. 's junket for The Soloist ( hey Seth ! ) , in which a reporter asked the actor what his character in Tropic Thunder would think about Jamie Foxx 's character in The Soloist .
Um , what ?
Someone throw a hotel phone at that guy .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska , March 30 ( Reuters ) - Chevron CVX.N said on Monday it has trimmed Cook Inlet oil production as Alaskan and U.S. officials debated whether crude oil stored at a terminal near the base of erupting Redoubt Volcano should be removed .
At issue is 6 million gallons of crude oil stored in two tanks at the Drift River oil terminal on western Cook Inlet , at the mouth of the river that flows from the volcano .
The area has been hit by mud flows resulting from snow and ice melt triggered by repeated eruptions of Redoubt , a 10,197 - foot volcano 106 miles southwest of Anchorage .
Operators of the facility , a consortium called Cook Inlet Pipe Line Co owned by Chevron and Pacific Energy Resources PFE.TO , shut down the terminal and the 42 - mile pipeline that leads to it and evacuated workers on the day of the first eruption , March 22 .
For now , the two oil - laden tanks at the deserted terminal have been effectively protected by a system of dikes deflecting mud flows and floods , federal and state officials said at a news conference Monday .
“ The safest place for that oil is inside that tank at this time , ” said Coast Guard Commander Jim Robertson , who has been appointed deputy incident commander of the team managing the Drift River protections .
Gary Folley , on - scene coordinator for the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation , said his department wants to move at least some of the crude oil currently stranded at the Drift River floodplain .
“ The straightest path to eliminate that threat is to remove the oil from these tanks .
The DEC favors that approach , provided it can be done in a safe manner .
That ’s easier said than done , ” Folley said at the news conference .
Environmentalists say regulators and the oil companies should have started the task in January , when scientists warned that a Redoubt eruption was imminent .
“ We had a lot of time to plan for this and that time has passed .
So now we ’re starting to scramble because of an emergency situation , ” said Bob Shavelson , executive director of Cook Inletkeeper , a Homer - based environmental group .
“ The irony is certainly not lost that we ’re at the 20th anniversary of the Exxon Valdez oil spill . ”
Robertson said a series of safety tasks , both onshore and offshore , must be completed before a tanker can arrive to drain the tanks .
“ We ’re not going to bring in a tanker unless it ’s safe to do so , ” he said .
Tesoro Petroleum Corp. TSO.N is currently scheduled to bring in a tanker in about a week , but regulators are still in discussions with the company to see if that will be possible , Robertson said .
Oil stored at Drift River is generally shipped by Tesoro to the company 's Kenai refinery .
Meanwhile , Chevron , which operates three of the four units that feed crude to Drift River , is running short of storage space at the platforms and has trimmed production , a spokeswoman said .
Chevron spokeswoman Roxanne Sinz said the company ’s Anna and Bruce platforms at the Granite Point unit will be shut in later Monday .
Granite Point and Trading Bay , another Chevron - operated unit , have only a few days of remaining storage capacity , Sinz said .
Pacific Energy , which operates the Redoubt Shoal unit , has enough storage capacity to continue producing for a month or two , said David Hall , the company ’s Alaska production manager .
The Drift River facility opened 41 years ago , and the oil fields that feed into it are mostly mature and low producers .
The facility has five other tanks that are empty and out of use .
During January and February , a total of about 8,000 barrels a day of crude oil was produced on average at the Granite Point , Trading Bay , McArthur River and Redoubt Shoal units , according to data from the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission .
Redoubt Volcano has erupted several times since March 22 , sending ash clouds at times more than 50,000 feet above sea level .
The eruption has showered ash on several communities , including a light dusting on Anchorage , and intermittently shut down air travel .
By Monday , the volcano was still erupting but with smaller explosions , said officials from the Alaska Volcano Observatory , the joint state - federal office that monitors Alaska volcanoes .
“ We ’ve seen a change in the style of eruptive activity , ” Stephanie Prejean , a seismologist at the observatory , said at the news conference .
“ You can think of this as a continuous ash plume . ” ( Reporting by Yereth Rosen ; Editing by Gary Hill )
A technically savvy villain has encrypted some data .
The hero needs to guess the password to decrypt it .
To do so , the hero delves into the villain 's psychology .
Eventually we discover that the most important thing to the villain is actually their pet rabbit , named " fluffy bunny " , not their secret terrorist organization as we initially guessed .
The hero enters " fluffy " , just in the nick of time .
Hooray , the hero has cracked the encryption !
A technically savvy villain has encrypted some data , and the hero has their hard drive .
It will take 10 hours to decrypt , but the first bomb goes off in 8 hours !
The hero manages to deal with the first blast , giving our diligent technicians time to decrypt the data .
A technically savvy villain has encrypted the data .
Normally it would be easy to break , but there are multiple layers of encryption , each somehow more devious than the last !
However , our diligent technicians report hourly progress as they break through each " layer " .
A technically savvy villain has a computer system that the heroes wish to acquire remote access to .
In order to access this system , the hero hacker must " break the encryption " .
This will take some time , but , when the " encryption " is " broken " , they have access to the villain 's computer , and can control it completely .
Nobody who has even twenty minutes of experience with encryption software will choose a password like " fluffy " .
Of course , many users have weak passwords for their Facebook accounts , but a child - prodigy criminal mastermind who expects federal agents to get his encrypted hard drive will have a password like " qua2IeshvePhu2QuAeShohd8 " .
They will train themselves to type this from memory , very quickly .
Better yet , if their data is encrypted , it is likely encrypted with a key .
This key will most likely be separate from their data , and the key will itself be encrypted with the password .
These are not crazy military - grade precautions ; this is the default behavior of the free encryption software present in various operating systems .
Here 's a simple rule of thumb .
If you only take one thing away from this article , I hope it will be this :
You cannot " break " encryption .
Ever .
In the days where movie stars will spend months and millions of dollars intensely learning kung - fu so that they can accurately portray martial - arts moves , it is amazing to me that it is n't worth one hour 's time for the average television writer who is incorporating cryptography as a plot device to learn this one , very basic piece of information .
Brute - force attacks against current cryptographic methods would , using present - day cryptographic technology , take — and this is not an exaggeration — a billion billion billion billion billion years to crack .
While there have been a few successful attacks against modern cryptographic methods , they are almost exclusively attacks which involve a bug in a popular piece of software , not a flaw in the cryptographic math .
Those bugs are fixed quickly when they are discovered , and someone concerned about the integrity of their encrypted data could quickly and easily find out about them and get a fixed version of the software in question .
If one cryptographic algorithm were well and truly cracked , there are dozens of others which our villains could upgrade to .
Again , none of this is crazy military - grade security .
This is software that any teenager with a free hour to search the internet could find .
I was encrypting my hard drive with stuff like this when I was 12 .
That 's not to say that you can't have encryption being cracked on a television show .
Please be aware , however , that generalized crypto-cracking as a routine task performed by technicians , even extremely skilled technicians , is science fiction .
It is inappropriate in a dramatic show that is trying to be realistic .
Again , for emphasis : cracking crypto is n't " really hard " .
It is n't " practically impossible " .
You do n't need an " elite hacker " who is " really good " to do it .
Breaking crypto is really , totally , theoretically impossible , and there is a worldwide , very public community of mathematicians and researchers trying to make sure it stays that way .
If your heroes work for some kind of secret spy agency , they should remark upon the ethical considerations of their special access to technology that the general public and the scientific community does not have and are not aware of .
The one exception to this rule is if the villain chooses a weak password , which can be guessed by a random password guesser .
Our heroes may get lucky and discover that they chose a password which a brute - force decryptor guesses in the first quintillion or so tries .
However , in this case , there is no way to know how long the cracking will take , before it is done .
Each new guess for the password is totally blind ; either it decrypts the data or it does n't .
There 's no way to tell how many more guesses you have to go , or in fact whether any of the guesses will work before your guesser runs out of things it could reasonably try .
Since one " layer " of encryption is effectively impossible to break , it would be very strange for our villain to use " layers " of encryption .
There 's rarely a need .
Ther e are some obscure possible exceptions : the villains might be if they wanted to ensure co-operation within their group , and encrypted data in such a way that multiple keys were required to decrypt it .
Or they might be using onion routing .
However , each " layer " of encryption is equally impossible to break , so it still would n't make sense to talk about breaking them one at a time .
All " encryption " is , is converting a block of sensible data ( " plaintext " ) into a block of what appears to be unreadable nonsense ( " ciphertext " ) unless you have the secret decoder ring .
If the hero " breaks the encryption " ( which , as I 've said above , is probably impossible ) they still can't access the villain 's computer over the internet , unless the thing that was encrypted was the villain 's remote access password .
It 's not just bad guys who use cryptography .
In any secure super - secret anti-terrorism anti-supervillain government organization , encrypting all communication is likely to be routine .
What if one of the villains got hold of one of the heroes ' private keys , via some kind of deception ?
The heroes would be confident that their communications were secure and authentic , because the code is " unbreakable " — but humans are always the weakest link .
A bad guy is planning something bad , and encryping their plans .
The good guys know that if they barge in , the bad guy is going to instantly destroy the key , making the data they need permanently irretrievable .
Cryptography may be secure , but there are some real - life things that are n't .
Like monitors and keyboards .
( Would n't it be spooky to show your spy characters determining what someone was typing by listening to them with a stethoscope against a wall ?
Or looking at their screen through a solid object ?
That 's something you can really do ! )
A bad guy is using SSL encryption to communicate with a web site .
Luckily our baddy does n't really know how security works , so the good guys execute a man in the middle attack with the complicity of the baddy 's ISP and a valid certificate authority such as VeriSign , for all intents and purposes becoming the " real " web site .
If you 're one of those too - clever - by - half writer types that likes that highfalutin social commentary stuff , this might be an intriguing look at our society 's blind trust of the flawed security model of the web .
I took away four plot devices , so I 'll give you four back : one of our heroes ( either temporarily or permanently ) loses their encryption key , and cannot access vital information .
Can they get the key back in time ?
Or : can they remember enough of their data to work without access to their computerized information ?
As a bonus : Spooks ran an interesting episode about a game - over exploit for TLS .
There was still a lot of cringeworthy misunderstanding of what crypto really is , though .
( In a typical mistake , the guy who possesses the crypto crack can mysteriously control computers with it .
But I could suspend my disbelief , because if he could really break crypto that easily , he could observe any communication with the supposedly secure systems , including network sessions that included passwords . )
On television shows , sometimes characters encounter encrypted data .
There are a number of popular tropes regarding this :
These are wrong .
They arewrong that they set my teeth on edge .
I am not an expert on cryptography .
I have a passing interest in computer security , but I am by no means an expert .
So , I will not approach the topic as an expert .
I wo n't try to explain any of the math involved ; I suspect that previous explanations may have failed to reach these writers ' ears because they were too confusing .
Here are a few simple facts about the plot - lines above :
In summary , the worst recurring theme here - although I recognize its dramatic value - is the " progress bar " approach to computer security problems .
If someone is going to break into a attempt to decrypt some data or remotely access a computer system , either it will work nearly instantly ( we know the password for the encrypted data , we know an exploit for the remote system ) or it will not work at all .
" Your progress indicator will sit at 0 % complete forever .
" The underlying misconception , I think , is to believe that cryptography is like a locked box that the villain has put their data into .
If the cops found a locked box with some evidence in it , they could ask you for the key ( which you would have to hide in one of a limited number of places ) or they could simply drill a hole in the box .
Stressed technicians in these TV shows frequently declare that they are " going as fast as they can " with the decryption , as if they were drilling through some very hard metal .
Cryptography is not a metal box .
It 's more like a parallel dimension .
There is n't really a good analogy , because no physical security system is quite like cryptography .
But since you 're a TV writer if you 're reading this ( right ? ) think of it like a Stargate .
Imagine that portable stargates are cheap to manufacture .
Everybody has one ; when you buy stuff over the internet , you put your credit card into a stargate and it comes out near the payment processor securely .
( This is how the little lock on your browser works . )
The Cryptogate is notlike a Stargate , either .
There is n't a small , limited number of places it can go .
These little devices can go to any point in the multiverse .
Rather than a rotating wheel with a number of characters , they have a little slot , where you insert a piece of glass .
It etches a random pattern on the glass ( this is your " private key " ) that describes the point where your object will be sent : you do n't know where it is , except that it will be a spot where it 's safe to stick your hand to retrieve it .
It could be anywhere in an infinite number of worlds , in a cave , in the sky : nobody knows , not even you .
You put your " private key " in the key slot , the gate opens up , you drop your valuables in , and then you take your key out .
Those valuables are gone forever .
The gate is a useless hoop of metal without your " key " ; there 's no way to guess what mysterious pattern of scratches it put on that glass , the destination was random .
You may notice there 's no password in that extended metaphor , and indeed , one can use cryptography entirely without passwords ; the private key is the important bit .
However , since many people leave the private key on their hard drive , rather than separately , it isencrypted with a password .
We can extend the metaphor even further to include this : let 's say that your little piece of glass only describes what galaxy will be selected , and you choose a magic phrase that selects what location within that galaxy will be selected .
So , you insert the key , but the gate isuseless until you say the word .
Then it opens up to reveal your stuff .
If you need a physical analogy in your mind , this is what you should imagine breaking cryptography is like .
A bunch of very frustrated technical people sitting around , staring at a useless loop of metal , that it contains what they need , but totally unable to make it do anything useful without a tiny piece of glass that they do n't have , and a magic word that they do n't know .
They can sit around guessing words and scratching random patterns on glass all day , but they will never know if they 're " 20 % done " .
Now that I 've destroyed any possible dramatic tension that can come from the race to " break the code " , here are some suggestions you can replace these tired old fallacies with :
If anyone reading this knows someone who works as a writer for television shows or movies , please , recommend that they read this post .
These days , a lot of people learn about technology from popular culture .
We need to have better understanding of basic , everyday technologies like cryptography and digital media , if we are ever going to get sane laws about those things .
This is part of my RPG series of entries here at SOB .
See the inaugural entry in the series for more details .
In the following summary of events , I will ignore the ( atrocious ) GSL — WotC ’s D&D 4E “ Game System License ” , which replaces the much better D&D 3.5 OGL .
This is about use licenses that lay out terms for fan sites to benefit from protection against otherwise potential copyright infringement suits .
What Happened ?
WotC announced it was going to produce a D&D 4E .
Paizo announced it was going to produce Pathfinder RPG as a continuation of the rules found in the 3.5 SRD .
PRPG test versions were released under the OGL ( other than product identity , et cetera ) as free downloads .
D&D 4E was released .
Complaints about the lack of an available Web community use license , thus leaving fan Websites that refer to D&D 4E in an uncomfortable legal limbo where one could reasonably infer that the only way to develop content for fan sites is to take one ’s chances with the legal doctrine of fair use , prompted WotC to promise a Website and / or community use license at some unspecified point in the future .
Months passed .
WotC sent cease and desist orders to fan sites .
Paizo announced its Community Use Policy , suitable for use with Pathfinder RPG materials , about half a year before the scheduled publication date of the final release form of the Pathfinder RPG .
Conclusion
Do you notice something odd here ?
I do :
Paizo delivers on promises I have n’t even noticed it made while WotC is still very publicly making promises it has n’t yet kept .
In fact , it looks like the trend is that WotC promises something , then Paizo delivers its own equivalent to what WotC promises , then WotC . . . may or may not deliver on its own promise .
While I ’m at it , Paizo has also announced the availability of its Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Compatibility Policy — which , it turns out , is eminently reasonable — about half a year before it will even be applicable .
I love this kind of advance “ warning ” .
Full Disclosure
Of course , I ’m biased .
I ’m biased because :
I prefer open licensing over restrictive , punitive licensing .
I prefer the system in Pathfinder RPG over that of D&D 4E ( and over that of D&D 3.5 , for that matter , though the differences are much less distinct in that case ) .
I , um . . . really prefer open licensing over restrictive , punitive licensing .
Your mileage may vary , of course .
Disclaimer
I think it should be obvious that I ’m neither a lawyer nor anyone with any official ties to Paizo Publishing , LLC .
I ’ve noticed that sometimes what I think should be obvious and what others find to be obvious do not always match up , however .
Therefore :
Bartolomeo Scappi ( ? 1500 -?? 1577 ) was perhaps the most famous chef of the 16th century .
The banquets he prepared during appointments with Cardinals in the north of Italy brought Scappi to the attention of the Pope .
He would cook for six Popes in total and was employed as private chef to two of them .
Lasting fame accompanied the publication in 1570 of the 6 - book series known as ' Opera ' [ The Work (s ) ] .
It was more a culinary treatise than a mere cookbook .
Scappi included more than a thousand recipes , demonstrating his familiarity with dishes from a range of European and North African countries as well as his expertise with regional Italian cooking .
" The recipes of Bartolomeo Scappi blend the heritage of medieval gastronomy ( spices and sweet - and - sour sauces ) with some novelties unique to Italian Renaissance cooks : the important addition of offal in imitation of roman cookery , the introduction of dairy products ( butter , milk ) , a significant increase in the number of meat or fish dishes employing the use of sugar , and the beginnings of flaky pastry . "
' Opera '
magnum opus
' Disdainful apples '
Pomi sdegnosi
( baked aubergines / eggplant )
Ingredients
Method
The divisions of the work are as follows : Book One : Begins with an imagined dialogue between a chef and his student about cooking , the duties of a head cook , kitchen implements and how to identify and preserve good quality food .
Book Two :
Use of quadruped meat and domestic and wild birds and preparation of sauces .
Book Three : Vegetables , fish and eggs .
Book Four : Seasonal foods and the items required for travelling with a nobleman .
Book Five : Pastries , cakes , and savoury dishes .
Book Six : Food for the sick / convalescents .
Seven editions ofwere released in about the first fifty years following the original publication and plagiarised sections appeared in numerous other culinary books .
Scappi'sremains one of the great primary sources - in both written and visual terms - for factual details about the kitchens and cooking practices during the Renaissance .
6 - 7 aubergines , peeled and sliced lengthways to 0.5 cm / ¼in thickflour , for dustingherb mixture : 2 tbsp each chopped fresh mint , marjoram , parsley and , if you have them available , fennel fronds - otherwise use a tablespoon of fennel seedsspice mixture : pinch each freshly ground black pepper , salt , sugar , ground cinnamon and ground cloves6 garlic cloves , finely choppedsplash olive oilsplash white wine vinegar1 .
Preheat the oven to 180C / 375 F / Gas 5.2 .
Blanch the aubergine slices in a saucepan of boiling salted water for about five minutes , but do n't let them get too soft .
3 . Drain well , then dust with flour .
4 . Spread a layer of aubergines over the base of a fairly shallow ovenproof dish .
Top with some of the herb mixture , spice mixture , chopped garlic and a splash of oil .
5 .
Continue layering up the ingredients ( you should make 2 - 3 layers ) , ending with a splash of white wine vinegar .
6 .
Transfer the dish to the oven and bake for 30 - 35 minutes .
Serve immediately .
Un regard accéléré sur la spirale infernale du marché immobilier de ces dernières années et sur les subprimes .
Réalisée par Mike Winkelmann , cette animation tourbillonnante en 3D isométrique est axée sur des éléments de construction du jeu Sim City .
Jusqu’à la chute , en fin de film .
Voir le portfolio complet de Mike Winkelmann sur Beeple .
Chrysler has already received a $ 4bn US government loan .
General Motors ( GM ) and Chrysler are to get more loans from the US treasury as the troubled carmakers work on plans to try and make themselves viable .
The two Detroit , Michigan - based giants are seeking to stave off bankruptcy and GM will receive a further 60 - day , $ 5 bn loan while Chrysler is to get $ 500m .
The firms have already received a combined $ 17.4bn in aid since December .
Both face collapse as the economic downturn has prompted a slump in sales of vehicles worldwide .
The US government has demanded that both firms submit viable restructuring plans before it will consider further aid .
Both companies ' restructuring plans were rejected at the end of March .
This latest funding will bridge the gap until they have to present new reorganisation plans .
Bankruptcy prospect
Chrysler , which has already received about $ 4bn in government loans , has until 30 April to make further cuts and take on a partner or face liquidation .
It is in talks with Fiat but the boss of the Italian carmaker has threatened to walk away from an alliance if unions do not make concessions .
Meanwhile GM , which has been loaned $ 13.4 bn before the latest tranche of cash , has until 1 June to complete its restructuring or face seeking bankruptcy protection .
The funding for the carmakers has come from the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( Tarp ) , which has about $ 700 bn aimed at stabilising the US financial system .
Billions for Wall Street , budget cuts for working people
Obama press conference reveals right - wing consensus in Washington
By Patrick Martin
25 March 2009
The presidential press conference held Tuesday night , nationally televised from the White House , was a demonstration of the vast social gulf that separates the financial and political establishment of the United States — including the highly - paid representatives of the corporate - controlled media — and the working people who constitute the vast majority of the population .
The opening statement from President Obama and nearly all the questions revolved around the administration 's economic policies , with the discussion focused largely on the twin preoccupations of the US ruling elite : that every effort should be made to guarantee the wealth and profits of Wall Street , and that sufficient sacrifices should be imposed on the American people .
The week before the press conference was dominated by the explosion of public anger over the revelation that $ 165 million in taxpayer funds were being used to pay bonuses to executives at AIG , the giant financial services firm whose speculative operations helped trigger the worldwide crisis .
Over the past six months , the firm has received over $ 170 billion in federal funds to stave off bankruptcy .
After the passage Thursday by the House of Representatives of a bill to impose punitive taxes on the bonuses , there was a sharp backlash in ruling circles , as the Obama administration , congressional Republicans and Democrats , and much of the media began to denounce the attacks on AIG as counterproductive and even illegitimate .
Obama continued along this line in his opening statement to the press conference , where he concluded a summary of his administration 's economic policies by declaring that " our economy only works if we recognize that we 're all in this together " ( an implicit rejection of efforts to blame the financial speculators for the crisis ) , followed by an explicit defense of " bankers and executives on Wall Street " and the capitalist system as a whole .
" The rest of us can't afford to demonize every investor or entrepreneur who seeks to make a profit , " he said .
" That drive is what has always fueled our prosperity , and it is what will ultimately get these banks lending and our economy moving once more . "
It was hardly to be expected that this proposition would be challenged by the representatives of the big business media , some of whom are themselves multimillionaires .
It appeared from the pattern of questioning that there was a tacit agreement on both sides — president and press corps — to downplay the AIG scandal and forestall the danger that it could trigger a wider opposition among the American people to the entire Wall Street bailout .
There was only one question on AIG , and none at all on the plan announced only the day before by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner to subsidize the bank sell - off of toxic assets , to the tune of hundreds of billions more in taxpayer funds .
Hedge funds and other financial speculators are already slavering over the prospects of double - digit returns on investments where they put up little cash and enjoy a federal guarantee against losses .
The failure to ask a single question on the latest bank bailout is extraordinary and can be explained only as a conscious decision by the corporate - controlled media to avoid any further inflaming of " populist " sentiments .
Instead , both Obama and his media questioners sought to change the subject to the ongoing conflict in Congress over the new administration budget , with Obama repeatedly pressed to explain why , given the huge and mounting projected deficits , he was proposing to expend large amounts for health care , energy conservation and education ( never mind that these supposedly vast sums are dwarfed by the amounts being handed over to Wall Street ) .
All the press questions on fiscal policy echoed the administration 's right - wing critics , Republican and Democrat , and Obama responded in kind , presenting fiscal responsibility as his central goal and boasting at one point that he was reducing discretionary federal spending on social programs — the amount not legally required by entitlement programs like Social Security and Medicare — to the lowest percentage of GDP since the 1960s .
Particularly revealing was Obama 's treatment of health care reform , which his opening statement relegated to the last in a list of his major priorities .
He described it in the following terms : " We invest in reform that will bring down the cost of health care for families , businesses and our government . "
Millions of working people voted for Obama in the belief that a Democratic administration would expand access to health care and put an end to the scandal of 50 million people living without health insurance , and tens of millions more underinsured .
The new administration , however , treats health care not as a basic human right or a necessity of modern life , but as a fiscal problem , the focus of cost - cutting efforts .
In response to one question about what he would require to sign a budget bill , Obama said , " I expect that there 's serious efforts at health care reform and that we are driving down costs for families and businesses , and ultimately for the federal and state governments that are going to be broke if we continue on the current path . "
He later went so far as to declare the slashing of healthcare costs an economic as well as a fiscal imperative .
" If we do n't drive down the costs of health care , " he said , " then we wo n't grow 2.6 percent , we wo n't grow 2.2 percent .
We wo n't grow . "
Obama likewise referred several times to the necessity to control the rising costs of entitlement programs like Social Security and Medicare , although he suggested that it was premature to discuss such measures openly in the midst of an economic crisis ( and the bailout of Wall Street ) .
There was not a single question from the press about rising unemployment and the ongoing destruction of jobs , which is proceeding at a far more rapid pace than the alleged job creation under the Obama stimulus plan .
The jobless toll has risen by more than 600,000 in each of the past three months , and is expected to show another huge increase when figures for March are reported next week .
There was only one question on the mounting social crisis , when a writer for the African - American magazine Ebony asked Obama about a recent report that two percent of American children are now homeless .
Obama made a perfunctory expression of sympathy and then returned to the subject of his budget proposal .
The single - minded focus on the fortunes of Wall Street was expressed as well by the absence of any questions on Afghanistan , Iraq , Iran or US relations with China and Russia .
Not a single question was asked on foreign policy — aside from the crisis on the US border with Mexico — until the press conference was nearly at an end .
The chasm separating the press conference participants and ordinary people was perhaps most starkly demonstrated by the question by NBC White House correspondent Chuck Todd , who asked Obama , " Why , given this new era of responsibility that you 're asking for , why have n't you asked for something specific that the public should be sacrificing to participate in this economic recovery ? "
Obama was compelled to note in response that working people are already facing severe hardships from the impact of the economic crisis , in the form of jobs eliminated , wages cut , and opportunities lost for themselves and their children .
But Todd followed up by pressing for an explicit call by the president for public sacrifice .
The representative of NBC ( owned by one of the biggest US corporations , General Electric ) was apparently indifferent to the obscene double standard involved in demanding further cuts for working people while trillions of dollars are being handed over to bankers , speculators and hedge fund billionaires .
Why is Rick Warren considered such the end all be all of religious leaders ?
He 's a proven liar and bigot fer chrissakes .
Via Think Progress .
Water , water , everywhere water .
Know it , embrace it , manage it , or drown .
Same goes for cars , trucks , chainsaws , knives , crowbars , blowtorches , and guns .
Based on the inept , clumsy , irresponsible failure of brain - dead , uncoordinated numbnuts , I will not be denied the pragmatic , functional utility of anything .
I will not drown , nor will I drink and drive , chainsaw - massacre anyone , stumble , slice , burn , or shoot myself , nor will I ever hold up a bank .
So the best advice would be to think , improvise , adapt , and overcome , man up , but by all means , leave me the hell alone .
You do n't ban electric guitars just because someone may have a lapse in logic , goodwill , and decency and spontaneously break out into country and western music .
The vast majority of sensible people will use electric guitars as God intended and whip out good , sexy rock - n - roll licks .
I need my water , cars , trucks , chainsaws , knives , crowbars , blowtorches , and guns .
I have mastered them all ; they are all wonderful ingredients for my American Dream of rugged individualism , declared independence , and self - sufficiency .
They all serve me well , and I am not giving any of them up .
Ever .
The masses must never be controlled for the sake of the lunatic fringe .
Remember " Do n't Tread on Me " ?
Don't .
America has spoken .
With guns and ammo sales and concealed weapons permits surging at unprecedented rates , never in the history of mankind have more people possessed more firepower and most significantly , carried more concealed weapons on their persons than today across America .
And as FBI crime reports and law enforcement and academic studies conclude , the self - evident truth is that more guns clearly equals less crime .
Where there are more guns per capita , violent crime goes down , particularly crimes of assault , like rape , burglary , and robbery .
This is good .
It is indeed Ted Kennedy 's gun ban dream of GunFreeZones that have proven to be the guaranteed slaughter zones where the most innocent lives are lost .
Think Columbine , VA Tech , Lane Bryant , NW IL University , Luby 's Cafeteria , NJ , Salt Lake City , and Omaha malls , Calgary University , Toronto , Chicago , Boston , Flight 93 , the mayor 's office in San Francisco , ad nauseam .
Peace and love will get you killed , and unarmed helplessness is bad .
Unless of course your anthem goes baaa ..... baaa ...... baaa .
So why in God 's good name would any human being wish to force unarmed helplessness on another ?
That level of cruel indecency and forced victimization is incomprehensible to me and about 100,000,000 Americans who own guns .
Self - defense is the most powerful , driving instinct of good people everywhere .
To deny this is evil personified .
Write this down — GunFreeZones are a felon 's playgrounds .
Ban GunFreeZones now .
Good people do n't want the rapist to succeed .
We want him dead .
We do n't want our homes invaded .
We want invaders dead .
We do n't like carjackers .
We like them dead .
We do n't like armed robbers .
We like them dead .
We have examined all the evidence we need to know that calling 911 is a joke , unless of course they bring a dustpan and a mop to clean up the dead monster we just shot while protecting our family .
The choice is clear : Gun control as forced by the Chuck Schumers of the world is complicit in every violent crime committed .
Conversely , gun control a la Ted Nugent is putting the second shot through the same hole as the first shot , where innocent lives are saved and recidivistic maggots come to a screeching halt , felled by the lovely ballet of good over evil we call the Double Tap Center Mass Boogie .
Learn it , know it , love it , shoot it .
Good guys should live , bad guys not so much .
It is reassuring , and ultimately convenient , that fresh from escaping the scourges of tyranny , slavery , kings , and emperors , our brilliant , sensible Founding Fathers knew it was important to write down the self - evident truth that the right to self - defense is surely a God - given individual right to keep and bear arms .
Write this down , too — " keep " means it is mine , you can't have it .
" Bear " means I 've got them right here on me .
" Shall not be infringed " echoes that beautiful " Do n't Tread On Me " chorus .
I like the U.S. Constitution and our sacred Bill of Rights but , quite frankly , I do n't really need them in order to know in my heart and soul the list of self - evident truths therein .
Those came from thinking , common - sense men who refused to be helpless , dependent slaves to anyone or anything .
These truths are all burned forever on my soul .
I live them , no matter what .
The turning point for Stephan Jung came in February , around the time bonus checks were slashed .
A veteran of UBS , one of many banks tarnished by the financial crisis , Mr. Jung realized that the old Wall Street would not be bouncing back any time soon .
It was time to head for the new .
“ After 10 years , I did not see a future for myself , ” said Mr. Jung , 42 , who quit to parlay his sales expertise into a career at Aladdin Capital , a small but rising investment firm run by others who had also left some of the most venerable names in finance .
There is an air of exodus on Wall Street  and not just among those being fired .
As Washington cracks down on compensation and tightens regulation of banks , a brain drain is occurring at some of the biggest ones .
They are some of the same banks blamed for setting off the worst downturn since the Depression .
Top bankers have been leaving Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , Citigroup and others in rising numbers to join banks that do not face tighter regulation , including foreign banks , or start - up companies eager to build themselves into tomorrow ’s financial powerhouses .
Others are leaving because of culture clashes at merging companies , like Bank of America and Merrill Lynch , and still others are simply retiring early .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A police officer has been found guilty of causing the death of a 16 - year - old schoolgirl by dangerous driving .
Pc John Dougal , 41 , had accelerated to 94mph ( 151 km / h ) in a 30 mph zone before he hit Hayley Adamson in Newcastle in May , the city 's crown court heard .
A police driving expert told the court that the patrol officer 's speed was unjustified , but Dougal had claimed he had been driving safely .
Northumbria Police said it accepted responsibility for Hayley 's death .
The car 's siren and lights had not been activated at the time , the jury heard .
Following the conviction , Judge David Hodson said a prison sentence was inevitable .
Schoolgirl Hayley Adamson was killed instantly
Death crash Pc's ' serious error ' Northumbria Police said Dougal was suspended from his job and an employment hearing would be held in the future .
The crash happened on Denton Road in Scotswood on 19 May .
The court was told that Dougal was reacting to the Volvo 's automatic number plate recognition system , which alerted him to a passing car - indicating it could potentially be linked to a crime .
He accelerated to catch up with the Renault Megane and struck Hayley when she stepped into the road .
Dougal said he had not wanted to alert the other driver to his presence by putting on his sirens or blue lights .
But the number plate recognition data was later found to be out of date - the Megane was being lawfully driven by a Czech national .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
At the time of the crash , the qualified advanced driver was travelling so fast he had effectively become a passenger in his own car and had surrendered " to physics " , an expert witness told the jury .
Retired police inspector and police driving standards expert Gordon Robertson said he " could not imagine " a situation where Dougal should have accelerated to more than 90 mph , without activating his blue lights or siren .
The court was shown footage from the in - car video camera , including the moment the teenager was hit by the car and flung out of shot .
Judge David Hodson said : " You will be remanded in custody and you must appreciate that the inevitable outcome of a conviction of an offence of this nature is an immediate sentence of custody . "
He added : " I am sure everybody who has sat through this case will be acutely conscious of the grief there has been to the Adamson family . "
Pc John Dougal is a qualified advanced driver
The jury of eight women and four men took an hour and a half to reach its unanimous verdict .
Dougal was remanded in custody to be sentenced on 1 May .
Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Jim Campbell said : " Northumbria Police fully accepts responsibility for the death of Hayley Adamson and I would like to sincerely apologise to Hayley 's family .
We all share in their sadness at this terrible loss of a young life .
" The public place their trust in police officers to make judgements and act in a way that does not put them at risk and on this occasion we failed . "
Hayley was due to sit the first of her GCSE exams , in English , the day after she was killed .
Her friends began a fundraising campaign to pay for a memorial and launched a " Justice for Hayley " fund .
A youth club was opened last month in her memory .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Natan Brun says he has seen all the material on his father 's criminal files
By Tim Franks
BBC News , Jerusalem
CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE
Did Al - Qaeda draw on Jewish inspiration for its attacks of 11 September 2001 ?
It may seem unlikely , but more than 60 years ago , Jewish militants were arrested in Paris on suspicion - as newspapers in Britain , France and the US reported at the time - of planning to bomb London from the air .
The arrested men were members of the Stern Gang ( or Lehi , as it is known in Israel ) , a group dedicated to the overthrow of British rule in Palestine , if necessary through violence , in order to create a Jewish state .
The Stern Gang certainly had a bloody list of victims to its name .
But was it also an early planner of aerial terror ?
Now the son of one of those arrested says he has come up with conclusive evidence that the gang was planning only to drop leaflets , not bombs over London .
Natan Brun is an author and academic on Israeli judicial history .
In 1947 , he was a nine year - old boy living in the town of Bnei Brak , close to Tel Aviv .
Akiva Brun was never involved in Lehi violence , according to his historian son
On 8 September , Natan did what he always did on the way home from school .
He stopped to look at the newspaper .
The second headline in Yediot Ahranot trumpeted : " The ' London Bombers ' , arrested in Paris , will be brought before an investigating judge today . "
Natan read on .
More than 60 years later , sitting in his cluttered , book - lined office in Tel Aviv , he recalls what he saw .
" The report said that one of those arrested is called ' Brown ' .
I knew that my father was in Paris ( he had been there since the year before ) .
But I did n't know he was in Lehi .
I thought he was a merchant or something . "
Natan ran home .
He told his mother who , to his surprise , began laughing .
" She said : ' It 's true ; it 's nothing new .
Your father was always in prison .
When you were born in October 1937 , he was sitting in Akko prison . ' "
Mrs Brun may have tried to reassure her son by sounding relaxed .
But the headlines were ominous .
The New York Times on 8 September : " London Air Defense on Alert Over Stern Band Bomb Scare . "
Le Monde , on 9 September : " A group of Jewish terrorists who planned to drop leaflets and bombs on London fall into a police trap . "
Le Figaro , on the same day , reported that the French police had stopped a " deplorable venture " .
ASSASSINATION PLOT
The French police had apparently caught the plotters red-handed .
They arrested the pilot and two others at a small air - field near Paris , and then a further 10 - including Akiva Brun .
This was not just newspaper flam .
Previously classified secret intelligence reports , which were released in 2003 , show that the British Secret Service MI5 believed there was " a project for an air raid on London , in the course of which leaflets were to be dropped in the name of the Stern Gang , together with high explosive bombs " .
MI5 had reason to worry : they had strong evidence of a plot to assassinate British Foreign Secretary Earnest Bevin .
A copy of the London propaganda leaflet
Enlarge Image
Akiva Brun was detained , along with the other Paris members of the Stern Gang , in the Prison de la Sante .
From there he wrote to Natan : " Now you know that your father is not only a father to his boys , but a son of his nation ...
The way I have chosen is very hard and if I suffer - and I have to - and my family are troubled : no matter , it is all worth it . "
At the centre of the plot stood a rabbi called Baruch Korff .
In later years , he would become known as " Nixon 's rabbi " , a prominent figure who remained loyal to US President Richard Nixon even after his disgrace .
Natan Brun says that he grew to know Korff well .
" He was a genius in propaganda .
He came to Paris and said to the Stern Gang : ' Look - you kill British , you kill soldiers .
It 's nothing .
You have to do something spectacular . ' "
And so , says Natan Brun , the plot was born , to drop leaflets over London .
The language was , says Mr Brun , " shocking " .
" To the People of England ...
This is a Warning ...
Your government has dipped his Majesty 's Crown in Jewish blood and polished it with Arab oil ...
People of England !
Press your Government to quit Eretz - Israel ( the land of Israel ) NOW !
Demand that your sons and daughters return home or you may not see them again . "
But Brun insists that there has never been any evidence of a plan to bomb London from the air .
" My father told me there were no bombs .
But I did n't believe him .
I wanted to check . "
He received permission from the French minister of justice to visit the archives in Paris .
There he saw " all the material " from his father 's file .
" No - one says that any detonators or things like that were found .
If they had found bombs , they would not have released my father and the others . "
TERRORIST TRANSFORMATION
Indeed , after two months in prison , Akiva Brun was given bail , and kicked out of the country .
He had become persona non grata in British - ruled Palestine , and so moved to Czechoslovakia to continue his work for the Stern Gang .
He only returned to Israel after its declaration of independence on 14 May 1948 .
Natan Brun says that his father was never personally involved in violence .
He was , rather , an ideologue , a disciple of Zeev Jabotinsky , the hardline Zionist who wanted to see a Jewish state along both banks of the Jordan river .
The son , now a legal historian , is reluctant to talk much about today 's politics .
But the resonances of his father 's history are intriguing .
Do they suggest that the Palestinian militants of today can become the pillars of the establishment of the future ?
Natan Brun laughs and shakes his head .
" Because Menachem Begin ( the leader of a Jewish militant group , and later Israel 's first right - wing Prime Minister ) on 14 May 1948 passed through a transformation from a terrorist to a democrat .
In one day .
" The Palestinians - I think - will never undergo this transformation .
They are still terrorists ...
How can we make peace with Hamas ? "
Begin 's transformation could have been , I suggest , because he got what he wanted : a Jewish state .
No , says Brun .
" He did n't get what he wanted .
Because he dreamt about a state on two sides of the ( river ) Jordan .
It was n't his government , but his bitterest rival 's , ( David ) Ben-Gurion and the others .
But Begin understood that he had to change his way of life , his ideas , everything . "
Natan Brun said that his father 's struggles did not end with the establishment of the State of Israel .
Those on the right were , he says , viciously discriminated against for the first 20 years of Israel 's existence .
But he has some satisfaction now , as a Likud voter .
Indeed , Natan Brun argues that the majority of the Knesset ( the Israeli parliament ) - in the parties of Likud , Kadima and Yisrael Beiteinu - have their roots in Jabotinsky and the groupings which followed .
" My mother died five years ago ; but if she were alive today she would say : ' We won .
We are the majority . ' "
Here is a selection of your comments on Tim Franks ' diary : I agree that Menachem Begin was nothing like Hamas of today .
Begin was from Poland and had the task of ethnically cleansing Palestine to make his Zionist dream of a pure Jewish state a reality .
Begin's Irgun gang along with the Stern gang methodically massacred Palestinian civilians in many well documented attacks such as the massacre in the village of Deir Yassin as well as the bombing of the King David hotel in Jerusalem .
Over 350 Palestinian villages were completely wiped off the map after the creation of the state of Israel .
It is time that some Israelis get off their high horse and take a look in the mirror before uttering the word " terrorist " again .
John , San Diego , USA I find it amazing that Akiva Goldberg is saying that today 's Hamas ' deliberately ' targets civilians while conveniently forgetting what happened a few months ago where for every Israeli killed , at least a 100 Palestinians died ( a glaring majority of them being civilians ) .
Nabeel Sheikh , Chicago , USA Did Adolf Hitler draw on British inspiration for the Holocaust ?
It may seem unlikely , but more than 100 years ago , British forces forced tens of thousands of South African civilians into concentration camps where many died of starvation and disease .
John , Gibraltar
Whether this individual was intent on bombing London or not may be debatable , but the group he was involved in was certainly involved in many terrorist atrocities .
Both Begin and Stern advocated and engaged in bombing campaigns against the Arab civilians of Palestine .
HAMAS has on several occasions stated that it could make peace with Israel only if it withdrew to the pre-1967 borders .
As for whether HAMAS can be democrats or not , they have already participated in democratic elections ( and won ) , so some in HAMAS are already politicians and democrats .
Poyan Nahrvar , Toronto , Canada Menachem Begin was nothing like the Hamas of today .
Begin and the gang were fighting military personnel .
Today 's Hamas and other terror groups deliberately target civilians .
There exists a MAJOR difference between the two ideologies .
Akiva Goldberg , Jerusalem , Israel Informative and worthwhile article .
But what is the truth ?
Obviously the son is biased regarding the father .
Robert , Boston , USA I once met an elderly woman who sharply rebuked us after a pro-Palestinian demo back in the 1980s - " Stern Group - not Gang ! " she insisted .
She was a left winger of sorts ( The LEHI seems to have no coherent left / right focus ) who said she most admired George Habash among contemporary activists in the region ( reminded her of David Stern , she said ) .
And no - one should be surprised when police &/ or their informants lie , so the report of bombs may well have been a total fabrication .
Thanks for the story ... and do n't be surprised if some Palestinians also transmute from terrorist to statesman .
Greg Williamson , Berkeley USA
What a disgraceful leaflet ; and yet there is so little compassion on the plight of the Palestinian people .
Begin did n't get all he wanted , but creating the state of Israel was huge .
Hamas could change from terrorist to democrat in a day if illegal settlements were returned and they were recognized as an independent state .
Carolyn , Canada
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It 's Time to Slay the Revenant Keynes Share This :
Naturally , many prominent economists are viewing this development with horror .
" People are saving !
The economy will collapse !
We 've got to get them spending !
Paradox of thrift ! "
The
I think I have finally learned where such silly notions arise .
I recently read an article by an Austrian economist ( alas , I 've forgotten who , so I can't give proper credit ) that explained it thus : in the Keynesian view , an economy is driven by consumption , whereas in the Austrian view , an economy is driven by production ( and savings ) .
So to a Keynesian , an economy is healthy as long as people spend , spend , spend ... even if they have to borrow , borrow , borrow to do it .
And if they stop spending , they must be made to spend more .
And if they refuse , then the government has to do the borrowing and spending for them .
( Somehow freedom of conscience never seems to be honored in the economic sphere .
Can't I be a conscientious objector to Keynesian stimulus ? )
This , despite the fact that to the best of my knowledge , the theories of Keynes have never been scientifically proven or even substantiated .
No Keynesian intervention has ever been shown to work .
So why are they always the first resort ?
Because whether or not they work , Keynesian prescriptions are convenient for those in power .
They give the state a plausible cover , that the citizens will accept , to enlarge its power .
So , it 's time to slay the revenant Keynes .
Like Karl Marx , his half - baked theories reach from beyond the grave to strangle societies and ruin people 's lives .
It 's Ptolemaic crackpottery which is long overdue for refutation .
It enjoys what I call " academic celebrity " -- not " famous because it is famous " , but rather " accepted because it 's accepted . "
Alas , I do n't think Keynesianism will be discredited unless the economy suffers a total collapse .
And from the rubble , I 'm sure we 'll hear the whine of the last Keynesian : " It 's because we did n't stimulate enough ! "
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
Printer Friendly Brad - Thursday 05 March 2009 - 13:56:26 - Permalink
I saw a few days ago that the U.S. savings rate has increased to 5 % .
To my mind , this is Good News : people are starting to get responsible about their finances , starting to pay down their debt , and starting to put some cash away for hard times .
I figure this is exactly what 's needed to get out of the credit swamp and back to a sustainable economy .
Naturally , many prominent economists are viewing this development with horror .
" People are saving !
The economy will collapse !
We 've got to get them spending !
Paradox of thrift !
" The " paradox of thrift " holds that what is good for every individual ( thrift and saving ) is bad for the economy at large .... rather as if the economy were one gigantic Prisoner 's Dilemma .
Mainstream economists love citing this , perhaps because it sprang from the mind of the exalted J. M. Keynes .
I think I have finally learned where such silly notions arise .
I recently read an article by an Austrian economist ( alas , I 've forgotten who , so I can't give proper credit ) that explained it thus : in the Keynesian view , an economy is driven by consumption , whereas in the Austrian view , an economy is driven by production ( and savings ) .
So to a Keynesian , an economy is healthy as long as people spend , spend , spend ... even if they have to borrow , borrow , borrow to do it .
And if they stop spending , they must be made to spend more .
And if they refuse , then the government has to do the borrowing and spending for them .
( Somehow freedom of conscience never seems to be honored in the economic sphere .
Can't I be a conscientious objector to Keynesian stimulus ? )
This , despite the fact that to the best of my knowledge , the theories of Keynes have never been scientifically proven or even substantiated .
No Keynesian intervention has ever been shown to work .
So why are they always the first resort ?
Because whether or not they work , Keynesian prescriptions are convenient for those in power .
They give the state a plausible cover , that the citizens will accept , to enlarge its power .
So , it 's time to slay the revenant Keynes .
Like Karl Marx , his half - baked theories reach from beyond the grave to strangle societies and ruin people 's lives .
It 's Ptolemaic crackpottery which is long overdue for refutation .
It enjoys what I call " academic celebrity " -- not " famous because it is famous " , but rather " accepted because it 's accepted .
" Alas , I do n't think Keynesianism will be discredited unless the economy suffers a total collapse .
And from the rubble , I 'm sure we 'll hear the whine of the last Keynesian : " It 's because we did n't stimulate enough ! "
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) 
The youngest son of the North Korean leader , Kim Jong-il , has reportedly been named to the powerful National Defense Commission , an appointment indicating that Mr. Kim ’s son is being groomed to take power one day , political analysts said Sunday .
The question of who will become the next leader of North Korea has been the focus of intense attention in the news media and foreign capitals since Mr. Kim , 67 , was reported to have had a stroke last summer .
Mr. Kim , who has ruled the North with absolute authority since the death of his father , Kim Il - sung , in 1994 , has three known sons by two women but has not publicly anointed an heir .
On Sunday , the Yonhap news agency of South Korea reported that Mr. Kim ’s youngest son , Kim Jong - un , 26 , was assigned to a low - level post at the defense commission several days before North Korea ’s rubber - stamp Parliament reappointed Kim Jong-il as the commission ’s chairman on April 9 .
Hey , you know what would be awesome ?
If you could actually use the Motion Plus dongle you 're going to pick up on June 8th .
You see , there 's a 1.5 month gap between the US release date of the add - on and the first first - party title ( Wii Sports Resort ) designed to take advantage of it .
' Course , we fully expect a few third - party games ( EA 's Grand Slam Tennis , for one ) to filter out beforehand , but what we were really hoping was for the Big N to provide patches for a few existing titles .
Sadly , Mario has chimed in from the Mushroom Kingdom with this : " The Wii Motion Plus accessory is only for games that are designed to make use of its abilities . "
Translation ?
You can forget about seeing MotionPlus support added to Mario Kart Wii ... or Looney Tunes : Acme Arsenal , for that matter . [ Via Joystiq
A 26 - year - old West Allis woman has been charged in the death of her 3 - month - old daughter , who , investigators say , died of acute methadone intoxication after being given formula that was laced with the drug .
A criminal complaint filed in Milwaukee County Circuit Court charges Andrea P. Zalewski with one count of child neglect resulting in death .
If convicted , she faces fines of up to $ 100,000 and up to 25 years in prison .
According to the complaint , West Allis firefighters responded to a 911 call in the 1400 block of S. 81st St. on Oct. 29 of last year .
They found the baby , Lola Lieb , without a pulse and not breathing .
Her mother , Zalewski , told investigators that the baby was on a sleep apnea monitor that went off before she found her baby was not breathing .
Investigators , however , later learned from a download of the monitor 's memory that it had last been used on Oct. 22 for six seconds , was turned off and not used after that , according to the complaint .
Police following up with the baby 's pediatrician in January learned that the mother had been on methadone during her pregnancy and the child was born with a methadone addiction .
The baby went into detoxification after being born and was medicated with morphine and phenobarbital a month later , common for babies with a methadone addiction , according to the complaint .
After her release from the hospital , she lived with her mother .
The doctor told investigators that he recommended to Zalewski that she not breastfeed to avoid transferring any drugs that might be in her system to the baby .
He further reported that he provided the mother with instructions on how to care for the baby while sleeping , including continued use of the sleep monitor .
He told police if the sleep apnea monitor was on , it probably would have alerted her before the child stopped breathing .
An autopsy showed that the child died of acute methadone intoxication and that the bottle she had used before falling asleep on Oct. 29 was tested and had traces of methadone , according to the complaint .
Investigators also found a syringe in the area of the baby bottle with methadone in the syringe .
Milwaukee County Medical Examiner Christopher Happy told police in January that the amount of methadone in Lola 's system was so high that it could not have come from breastfeeding .
He told investigators that the baby formula had been mixed with methadone .
Zalewski told police in January that she is the only one who made formula for her daughter and " stated if Lola Lieb was given methadone she must have done it but she does n't remember doing that . "
She told police that on Oct. 28 she was on liquid methadone and kept it on top of the refrigerator close to the baby bottles .
PARIS ( Reuters ) -
One month of improved data does not constitute an economic recovery and recession in the United States will last for at least a few more months , Atlanta Federal Reserve President Dennis Lockhart said on Thursday .
A man looks at a list of employers at the 2009 CUNY Big Apple Job Fair at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York March 20 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
New orders for long - lasting U.S. - made goods rose in February for the first time in seven months and new home sales rebounded , government data showed on Wednesday .
“ I would always caution that one month does not make a recovery so we have to be careful not to react too strongly to one month , ” Lockhart told Reuters on the sidelines of a food conference in Paris .
He said he had seen very few signs of a U.S. recovery .
“ Most of the data that we follow appears to signal a continuing recession , at least a few more months , ” he said .
Asked whether the outlook had improved since the Fed ’s last policy meeting , he said : “ I think it ’s premature to say that . ”
Lockhart also said it was “ perfectly appropriate ” to have a discussion about reserve currencies but added : “ I agree with Secretary Geithner that the U.S. dollar in all likelihood will remain a dominant reserve currency but there is nothing wrong with discussing alternatives . ”
U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said on Wednesday he was open to expanding the use of the International Monetary Fund ’s special drawing rights .
Investors initially interpreted his remarks as an endorsement of China ’s proposal on Monday to eventually replace the dollar as the world ’s reserve currency by the IMF ’s SDRs .
Geithner ’s comments sent the dollar tumbling although it later rebounded after he said the greenback would keep its status as the top reserve currency for a long time .
Lockhart said the U.S. central bank ’s $ 300 billion debt purchase program should help bring down long - term interest rates .
Asked whether the next step would be to issue Fed bills , he said : “ That has not been decided yet . ”
NO EXPORT RECOVERY
In his speech to the conference , Lockhart said U.S. exports , which supported economic growth until collapsing at the end of 2008 , were unlikely to fuel a rebound this year .
“ In my economic outlook for the remainder of 2009 , I do not expect a sudden return of exports as a driver of recovery in the United States , ” he said in remarks prepared for delivery .
“ The recent sharp contraction of trade appears to be far more severe than would be expected given the decline in global economic activity , ” he said .
Liabilities on the Fed ’s balance sheet rose to $ 2.050 trillion as of March 18 from $ 1.882 trillion the previous week and is expected to continue to rise
The Fed said this month it would buy $ 300 billion of long - dated Treasuries over the next six months . , its first large - scale purchases of government debt since the early 1960s , while also boosting buying of mortgage - backed securities and agency debt in its bid to rescue the economy .
“ At present , the inflation expectations in the United States appear to be stable , not surprisingly because inflation risks have declined , ” Lockhart said .
“ I would say however that there is reasonable concern related to the growth of the balance sheet of the central bank in response to the economic difficulties that we are having , that this could in the long term fuel inflation . ”
Posted on 09 March 2009 by Quaid
Now , I ’m pretty sure these pics are supposed to be “ candid behind the scenes shots ” of one Mr. Gyllenhaal hanging out casually between shooting scenes from the new video game adaptation Prince of Persia .
But , does n’t this look just a little posed ?
Jake is showing off his new hot body , hands on hips , with a look of “ oh , I did n’t see you come on , ” on his suave face .
I do n’t really have any feelings about this movie one way or the other as I know very little about the source material .
This really does n’t change that , either .
I ’m sure there are a lot of teenage ( and twenties ) girls ( and boys ) who are now totally stoked for this man-fest of an epic .
Here are the pics .
Click for to make big .
#coastalvibes
Joining your community very soon :
Mountain — JASPER AB ( Fall 2020 )
Coast — TOFINO BC ( Fall 2020 )
Mountain — FERNIE BC ( Spring 2021 )
Coast — POWELL RIVER BC ( Spring 2021 )
Mountain — CANMORE AB ( TBD )
Mountain — BANFF AB ( TBD )
Coast — SQUAMISH BC ( TBD )
Mountain — WHISTLER BC ( TBD )
WCCS is coming to your community soon .
Click below to stay connected .
The conservation group Sea Shepherd has ended its summer campaign against the Japanese whaling fleet in the Southern Ocean .
Sea Shepherd captain Paul Watson says they 've decided to withdraw in the face of increasingly violent tactics from the Japanese whalers , including ramming .
" They 're escalating their aggression and we 're outnumbered " , he said .
" We just do n't have the manoeuvrability or the speed that they do . "
The Sea Shepherd ship ' Steve Irwin ' is expected to dock in Hobart in about 10 days .
A spokesman for the Japanese Institute for Cetacean Research Glenn Inwood says the protesters departure will bring a welcome end to the violence .
Mr Inwood the whale hunt will continue for the rest of summer .
The last major recession occurred in the early eighties .
Some regions were hit harder than others but the impact was felt from coast to coast
The northwest was hit particulary hard during the eighties .
The entire region was dependent on the timber industry .
Substantially worse than our present downturn , beginning in 1980 housing starts plummeted .
The demand for lumber virtually ceased .
It never really recovered as the subsidized old growth timber from the local federal forests were for the most part already harvested and the timber industry was just beginning its labor saving modernization and move into the world market .
The term cut and run was a reality as timber corporations , fattened by over 100 years of federal subsidies headed for greener pastures offshore .
The working class timber based economy that was so much a part of this region was devastated .
Unemployment figures reached as high as 13 % but many more were not working .
The layoff had occurred over several years and the statistics conveniently hide those who are considered no longer looking for work .
On the up side , local small businesses were flourishing .
Commercial and residential rents and start up costs were extremely low .
Vacant storefronts were slowly filled with small shops and restaurants .
Some survived and some did n’t but the oppurtunities were exciting .
The eighties downturn spurred local governments to subsidize big inverstment .
This profoundly changed the economic atmosphere .
Land is most often the most seriously deflated sector of the economy in the downtimes .
The early eighties were no exception .
Land could be had for as little as a third of what it was at the end of the seventies .
Correspondingly , houses had dropped up to fifty percent from their peak values just a few years prior .
Most blocks in city neighborhoods had vacant properties ; people just picked up and left .
The migration into the Northwest was migrating back out .
The timing for first time homebuyers was impeccable .
Fed chairman Paul Volker had jacked interest rates up into the stratosphere to fight the beast of inflation that had been hounding the economy since oil began its upward climb in the mid seventies .
A bank loan was out of the question at 15 - 20 % but owners were carrying their own land sales contracts with a small down and short [ 10 - 15 year ] time span .
With rents at about the same level as an average house payment , people began to take advantage of the situation and purchase these vacant houses .
In contrast , the present economic crisis has lowered local housing prices about 17 % from their 2006 peak .
To put this in perspective , a house that would have sold for about $ 35,000 in the recession of the early eighties can be had now for the bargain basement credit crunch , default swapped , collateral backed price of @ $ 300,000 !
What a bargain .
In the eighties a carpenter might have brought in $ 12.50 per hour .
The same job might pull in about $ 20 an hour today .
The wage comparison and the housing price comparison pretty much sums up the real economic problem we are facing today .
Even with the current deflation , the bottom of the barrel interest rates that we have today , the numbers do n’t work for most people .
Another major difference between the two downturns is the genuine affordability of the first slump .
Rent , food , clothing , basically all the necessities of life were much more in line with the ability to pay of the average consumer in the early eighties .
A six dollar restaurant meal , inexpensive groceries , $ 300 house rent ; losing your job was tough but a small savings could keep you going for quite awhile .
A couple months with no income now can require a small fortune merely to afford the everyday items .
With all the cries of depression we hear , we are still surrounded by amazing displays of wealth .
Massive tinted windowed SUVs that could house a family of homeless people have replaced the small gas sipping Japanese compacts and old Ford trucks of the early eighties .
Four thousand square foot McMansions have superceded the comfortable but relatively small ranch houses .
A basic requirement for survival seems to be a few thousand dollars worth of electronic gadgetry .
We are surrounded by almost immeasurable material wealth , yet many of us fear poverty as if it lays in wait just outside our door .
The early eighties recession was deeply rooted in our manufacturing base ; our ability to produce .
The seventies had ushered out the era of cheap energy .
The price of oil began its steep upward climb and we were a country built on manufacturing immersed in the abuse of cheap energy .
Ever segment of industry was hit hard .
It was the beginning of the end for low cost American manufacturing .
In contrast , the current recession finds us at the mercy of a financial system dependent on artificial and always larger paper profit .
Addicted to endless injections of new liquidity by the Federal Reserve , the top heavy system lost its balance .
The common sense that ever increasing numbers on voluminous spread sheets did not really constitute a product itself , finally seeped into the dense minds of our corporate leaders .
The drop back down was much quicker than the ascent .
The nineties had spawned the belief that the mere passage of time , along with a piece of paper showing our ownership would produce wealth without the bother of work .
Whether it be stock or home ownership , the ownership itself entitled us to profit .
The two downturns seem to contain more differences than similarities .
The earlier was caused by a real drop in manufacturing and production that reflected a steep rise in energy costs .
The recent slump reflects a return to earth of astronomical asset prices caused by overproduction of paper currency and over speculation .
The late seventies forecast the beginning of the diminishing earning capacity of the working class while the nineties highlighted the obscene profit taking of the corporatist financial sector .
Perhaps the eighties recession was more painful , that certainly was the case in our region .
But , we were n’t overburdened with sob stories of CEOs and corporations .
We do n’t need to be saddened by news that a company with an asset sheet larger than the country of Peru lost 200 million last year .
Our hearts broken because the owners of sports franchise teams have lost 30 % of their net worth in the depressed stock market and player ’s multimillion dollar salaries might have to be cut next year .
Corporations too big to fail receiving 100 of billions of dollars in bailouts .
Bloated government agencies reacting to the hard times by growing even larger and demanding even higher taxes .
Times do change .
Copyright Greenpeace
A Hammered Shark drowned in driftnet followed by sukerfish , the classical photo that tells you much more than thousand words ..
Photo Charles Hood/oceanimage.com
Photo Brian J. Skerry
Photo Eric H. Cheng
a Hammerhead Shark with seven cubs
a Hammerhead Shark Fin
finned sharks die slowly in the water
Scientists have revealed that nine new species of sharks are to be added to the official list of animals at global risk of extinction .
In particular the hammerhead shark had seen its population reduced by 99 % ( !!!) in the last few years , due to overfishing .
Sharks ' fins are highly prized as a delicacy in Chinese cooking , and prices can reach as much as £ 150 per kg .
An estimated 100 million sharks are killed every year , with many fishermen simply slicing off their fins before throwing them back into the water where they usually drown or bleed to death .
As usual I just could post a gallery with some good pictures found on the web to show to the all of us what incredible animals we are seriously risking to lose for ever :
When they swim in shoals , Hammerhead Sharks are one of the most impressive natural wonders : we've started this post with a beautiful image of an horrible thing and we close it in the same way with three ( quite disturbing ) pictures : Read more info here and check also this interesting blog post
Iran said Mr Akhoondzadeh did not meet US officials in The Hague Iran has denied that a meeting took place between their main representative at an international conference on Afghanistan and a senior US official .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had said that Richard Holbrooke and Mohammad Mehdi Akhoondzadeh had an informal but " cordial exchange " .
She said the US had given the Iranian delegates a letter , but Iran 's foreign ministry " categorically " denied this .
The US had welcomed Iran 's presence at the meeting as a " promising sign " .
On Tuesday , Mrs Clinton said that Mr Holbrooke and Mr Akhoondzadeh had had a brief meeting on the sidelines of the conference in the Hague .
She said the meeting had been unplanned but that the men had agreed to " stay in touch " .
' No letter ' But on Wednesday , foreign ministry spokesman Hassan Ghashghavi told Iran 's Mehr news agency : " No meeting or talk , be it formal or informal , official or unofficial between Iran and US officials took place on the sideline of this conference . "
" We categorically deny the reports published in this regard , " he said .
Mr Ghashghavi said that as no meeting had taken place , " naturally no letter was handed to Iran from the American side " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mrs Clinton had said the letter was about the welfare of three US nationals in Iran .
Mrs Clinton 's comments came at the end of a one - day meeting of delegates from 70 countries and other organisations interested in rebuilding Afghanistan .
It was called by the UN amid widespread concern that not enough progress has been made since the US - led invasion in 2001 .
Iran 's presence at the Hague had been described by Mrs Clinton as " a promising sign that there will be future co-operation " .
Tehran gave a guarded welcome to US plans at the meeting to increase regional co-operation over Afghanistan .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It ’s interesting how astronomical harbingers of doom have the ability to pop up more than once on the ‘ net .
However , the doom is n’t quite as terrifying when you ’ve sat through a conference presentation by a scientist who has exhaustively given every reason as to why this particular killer wo n’t hurt you .
Enter WR 104 .
To be honest , if it was n’t a Wolf - Rayet star , I probably would n’t be writing about it ( as we all know , or you should know , Wolf - Rayets are my favourite stellar objects ) , but this little fact combined with the fact that I know the Earth is no longer on the WR 104 hit - list , I feel compelled to correct an article that has just popped up on the web referencing out - of - date source material .
So , let ’s wind this back the clock to January 2009 when I sat in on a very reassuring this - star - is n ’t - actually - going - to - kill - us - after - all astro presentation …
Last year , there was some excitement that our Solar System was “ looking down the barrel of a gun “ .
The gun in question was an unstable and violent star called WR 104 and the barrel was the spiralling stellar winds being ejected from the Wolf Rayet star as it orbited around its O - class binary partner ( resembling the rifling inside the barrel of a 007 - style Walter PPK ) .
Wolf - Rayet stars , apart from being undeniably sexy , signify the final stages of a massive star ’s lifetime .
Soon after a Wolf - Rayet comes a flash of supernova joy , possibly coupled with some planet - scorching gamma -ray burst action .
Of all the places we could be sitting in the Universe , in the line of fire of WR 104 probably is n’t the place I ’d choose .
In short , that thing could blow at any moment ( within a few million years in any case ) and a searing column of gamma radiation could fire - hose its way right at us .
Fortunately I was sitting in on a rather upbeat presentation by a Keck Telescope ( Hawaii ) scientist who was tirelessly researching spectroscopic data from the famous spiral WR 104 observations .
I was that captivated by Dr Grant Hill ’s talk that I decided to give him a call after the session .
( No , I do n’t make a habit of stalking scientists and yes , he had left the room before I had time to question him . )
From that chat I was able to understand that beyond any reasonable doubt , we were in fact safe from GRB - induced death from WR 104 .
The binary system is in fact tilted 30 - 40° away from us .
Therefore , even if the Wolf - Rayet did explode , the collimated beam of gamma- rays would miss us by a fair distance .
Phew !
So today I see an article ( dated April 7th , 2009 ) , with the awesome title , “ Is a Death Star Poised for Final Supernova Detonation Aimed at Earth ?
Astronomers Say “ Maybe ” . ” Either The Daily Galaxy got its facts skewed or WR 104 has been rotated by an unimaginably powerful civilization , but something is n’t right .
Where did the reporter get his news from ?
Unfortunately , the only reference is to an out - of - date Australian news article .
In fact , it looks like a clone from the reports that were made back in 2008 when the first images hit the media in a big way along with the title , “ OMG She ’s Gonna Blow ! ”
So do n’t be concerned about WR 104 , I heard it from a guy who hangs out at the telescope that has studied the star intimately that she is n’t pointing our way .
For more , check out WR 104 Wo n’t Kill Us After All »
KFC is becoming the first fast - food giant to get into the pothole - fixing advertising world .
In five major U.S. cities , a man dressed up as Colonel Sanders , and a more pothole - knowledgeable professional crew , will fix up the streets , but not without leaving a mark .
" Re - Freshed by KFC " will be printed over the late hole in an eye - catching , but non-permanent , street chalk .
According to KFC , there 's an estimated 350 million potholes on U.S. roads .
And think of how many times you choke on fried chicken when driving over them !
The city is happy , the people driving by subconsciously swerve to the nearest KFC , and a man in white wearing a head - protecting construction worker helmet stands in the middle of street .
This seems like a very promising move .
[ via AdFreak ]
Related
KFC Box Meal Makes for Unhealthy Guitar Heroes
In Videos : Classic Kentucky Fried Chicken Commercial ( 1980 )
Entire Refrigerator Rearranged To Accommodate Leftover KFC Bucket
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
[ Updated ]
Updated to include some of the Bush administration denials , and the Red Cross report .
[ Update ] Include John Bolton 's letter opting out of the ICC ; spelling corrections .
[ Update 24 Apr 18:00 PDT ]
Include JPRA memos
Aug-early Sep 2001
Concerned that the administration is not giving terrorism high priority , NSC counter - terrorism adviser Richard Clarke increasingly pressures NSA Condoleeza Rice to set up a meeting with President Bush .
In testimony to the 9/11 Commission , Rice will dispute Clarke 's version of events .
( Wall St Journal Summary of Rice , Clarke testiomny [ PDF ] )
11 Sep 2001 Terrorists using three highjacked airplanes attack and destroy the World Trade Center , and damage the Pentagon .
A fourth plane was also highjacked and was heading toward Washington , DC , possibly with the Capitol as its target , but was brought down by passengers would fought the highjackers and succeeding in crashing the plane in western Pennsylvania .
After first denying involvement , Osama bin Laden will release a broadcast on 29 Oct 2004 in which he admits he and Al - Qaeda plotted the attacks .
12 Sep 2001
At a White House meeting , SecDef Donald Rumsfeld urges the bombing of Iraq in response to the WTC attack .
Clarke tells him " they were certain al - Qa'ida was to blame and there was no hint of Iraqi involvement . "
15 Sep 2001
At a meeting in the White House Situation Room , Bush takes Clarke aside and demands to know if there is a connection between the terror attacks and Saddam Hussein :
" The president dragged me into a room with a couple of other people , shut the door , and said , ' I want you to find whether Iraq did this . '
Now he never said , ' Make it up . '
But the entire conversation left me in absolutely no doubt that George Bush wanted me to come back with a report that said Iraq did this .
" I said , ' Mr. President .
We 've done this before .
We have been looking at this .
We looked at it with an open mind .
There 's no connection . '
" He came back at me and said , " Iraq ! Saddam !
Find out if there 's a connection . '
And in a very intimidating way .
I mean that we should come back with that answer .
We wrote a report . "
Clarke continued , " It was a serious look .
We got together all the FBI experts , all the CIA experts .
We wrote the report .
We sent the report out to CIA and found FBI and said , ' Will you sign this report ? '
They all cleared the report .
And we sent it up to the president and it got bounced by the National Security Advisor or Deputy .
It got bounced and sent back saying , ' Wrong answer .
...
Do it again . '
" CBS News 60 Minutes 21 Mar 2004
16 Sep 2001
In an interview on Meet the Press , Vice President Dick Cheney hints strongly that the administration will consider using torture :
We also have to work , though , sort of the dark side , if you will .
We ’ve got to spend time in the shadows in the intelligence world .
A lot of what needs to be done here will have to be done quietly , without any discussion , using sources and methods that are available to our intelligence agencies , if we ’re going to be successful .
That ’s the world these folks operate in , and so it ’s going to be vital for us to use any means at our disposal , basically , to achieve our objective .
11 Oct 2001 Former CIA Director James Woolsey is sent to England " in search of evidence that Saddam Hussein played a role in the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .... "
Late 2001 The Joint Personnel Recovery Agency ( JPRA ) issues a memo warning against using SERE techniques , such as waterboarding , in interrogations .
The memo has not yet been declassified , but is referenced in the just - released July 2002 JPRA memo ( see below ) .
December 2001 " American Taliban " John Walker Lindh is captured in Afghanistan .
Lindh , an American citizen , was pictured blindfolded , duct - taped naked to a board .... in what is probably the first recorded instance of torture of a detainee under the Bush administration .
( Hat tip to Jesselyn Radack . )
January 2002 James Mitchell , a retired Air Force psychologist , and Bruce Jessen , the senior SERE psychologist at the agency , drafted a paper on " al - Qaeda resistance capabilities and countermeasures to defeat that resistance . "
WaPo 22 Apr 2009 , analyzing the Senate ASC report
9 Jan 2002 John
Yoo writes a memo ( PDF ) stating that the Geneva Conventions do not apply to captured Taliban and Al - Qaeda members .
25 Jan 2002 White House Counsel Alberto Gonzalez accepts
Yoo 's argument , saying that the new war on terror " renders obsolete Geneva 's strict limitations on questioning of enemy prisoners and renders quaint some of its provisions . "
SoS Colin Powell and the JAG object to this interpretation , but their objections are ignored .
2 Feb 2002 William Howard Taft IV , the State Dept 's legal adviser , sends Gonzales a memo ( PDF ) saying that the Geneva Convention does apply to captured Taliban and Al - Qaeda , and that rejecting the convention 's protections could have serious policy consequences .
7 Feb 2002 Bush signs a memorandum stating the Article 3 protections of the Geneva Conventions do not apply to Al - Qaeda and Taliban detainees .
13 Feb 2002 Bush has decided to overthrow Hussein .
28 March 2002 Abu Zubaydah , a senior Al - Qaeda official , is arrested in Pakistan and brought to the United States for interrogation .
Ali Soufan , a supervisory special FBI agent , and a second agent , with CIA agents watching , use traditional interrogation methods to question him from March through June 2002 , and learn that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ( KSM ) was the mastermind of the 11 September attacks .
Spring 2002
Senior officials begin studying how to use SERE techniques in prisoner interrogations .
SENATE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE INQUIRY INTO THE TREATMENT OF DETAINEES IN U.S. CUSTODY 12 Dec 2008
In April , the CIA begins videotaping interrogation sessions , some of which apparently include waterboarding .
It is not yet clear whether Zubaydeh was among those waterboarded at that time .
The tapes have all been reported destroyed .
6 May 2002 John Bolton , at that time Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security , formally informs the UN that the US " does not intend to become a party to the treaty [ establishing the International Criminal Court ] . "
May 2002 Condoleeza Rice and " other top Bush administration officials " are briefed about " alternative interrogation methods , including waterboarding . "
In July , Rice tells CIA Director George Tenet he can proceed to use these techniques .
23 Jul 2002 Sir Richard Dearlove , head of Britain 's Secret Intelligence Service ( MI6 ) , reports to Prime Minister Tony Blair on his recent meeting with his counterparts in Washington :
Military action was now seen as inevitable .
Bush wanted to remove Saddam , through military action , justified by the conjunction of terrorism and WMD .
But the intelligence and facts were being fixed around the policy .
The Downing Street Memo ( Emphasis added )
July 2002
The JPRA sends a memo to DoD general counsel William Haynes warning him that the use of harsh interrogation techniques such as those used in SERE training constitute torture and produce unreliable intelligence .
1 Aug 2002 Assistant Attorney General Jay Baybee , head of the Office of Legal Counsel , issues a memorandum to the CIA telling them that " enhanced interrogation techniques " such as waterboarding do not , in the OLC 's opinion , constitute torture .
August 2002 Abu Zubaydeh is subjected to waterboarding at least 83 times .
A former CIA officer , John Kiriakou , who interrogated Zubaydeh ( but who did not witness any of the waterboarding says that " it took only 35 seconds once the technique was employed for Zubaydah to start talking . "
Kiriakou says that it was torture , but it was necessary .
He does not appear to be aware of the multiple waterboardings .
( Note : Kiriakou 's claim that that Zubaydeh had refused to cooperate prior to the ( first ) waterboarding is contradicted by FBI agent Ali Soufan 's report that Zubaydeh had been cooperating for months ; see above .
It 's also not clear ( yet ) whether Zubaydeh was waterboarded or otherwise tortured during the period when Soufan was interrogating him for the FBI . )
August 2002 FBI officials are so concerned about the CIA 's interrogation of Zubaydeh that they have a meeting with FBI Director Robert Mueller to discuss it .
Mueller decides that the FBI will no longer participate in the interrogation , which he later extends as a " bright line rule " applying to all CIA interrogations of detainees .
11 Oct 2002
The commander at GTMO requests permission to use " aggressive interrogation techniques . "
2 Dec 2002 Rumsfeld signs a memo authorizing 15 specific " aggressive techniques . "
The Senate report notes that interrogations using these techniques ( including sleep deprivation ) actually started on 23 Nov 2002 , a week before Rumsfeld gave his approval of them .
29 Dec 2002
The US military issued a statement denying stories that its prisoners in Afghanistan were being tortured , or that the CIA had a secret base there .
2002-03 generally Administration officials , particularly Cheney and Rumsfeld , pressure the CIA to come up with a link between Saddam and Al - Qaeda .
" Cheney 's and Rumsfeld 's people were told repeatedly , by CIA . . . and by others , that there was n't any reliable intelligence that pointed to operational ties between bin Laden and Saddam , and that no such ties were likely because the two were fundamentally enemies , not allies . "
Senior administration officials , however , " blew that off and kept insisting that we 'd overlooked something , that the interrogators were n't pushing hard enough , that there had to be something more we could do to get that information , " he said .
McClatchy 21 Apr 2009
3 Mar 2003 US officials report that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ( KSM ) has been arrested in Pakistan and transferred to US custody for questioning .
KSM is subjected to waterboarding , [ winning ] the admiration of interrogators when he was able to last between two and two - and - a - half minutes before begging to confess .
It is later revealed that KSM was waterboarded " 183 times during March 2003 .... "
20 Mar 2003
The invasion of Iraq begins .
On 1 May , Bush announced that " major combat operations in Iraq have ended . "
He adds : " And this much is certain :
No terrorist network will gain weapons of mass destruction from the Iraqi regime , because the regime is no more . "
No weapons of mass destruction are ever found in Iraq .
14 May 2003 John
Yoo wrties a second memo which basically says the president can do anything he wants in time of war :
[ F]ederal criminal laws of general applicability do not apply to properly ~ authorized interrogations of enemy combatants , undertaken by military personnel in the course of an armed conflict .
Such criminal statutes , if they were misconstrued to apply to the interrogation of enemy combatants , would conflict with the Constitution 's . grant of the Commander in Chief power solely to the President .
Yoo memo PDF
14 Dec 2003 Saddam Hussein is captured .
Although news stories at the time report that he was found in a hole in the ground after " torture lite " of captured bodyguards , later reports tell a different story , including that Saddam was captured by Kurds , who drugged him and turned him over to US authorities .
April 2004
The Abu Ghraib scandal breaks .
13 May 2004
The BBC posts one of the early stories suggesting the CIA is using " brutal " interrogation techniques , including waterboarding .
June 2004 Assistant Attorney General Jack Goldsmith orders both Yoo memos withdrawn .
He directs Daniel Levin in the OLC to write a new memo .
That same month , Goldsmith is forced by pressure from the White House and from Cheney counsel David Addington to resign .
23 Jun 2004
In response to the revelation of the 2002 Yoo / Bybee memo , DoJ disavows the memo .
Bush denies ordering prisoners at GTMO tortured .
" Let me make very clear the position of my government and our country :
We do not condone torture .
I have never ordered torture .
I will never order torture . "
28 Jun 2004
The Supreme Court rules in Hamdi v Rumsfeld that detainees at GTMO were entitled to legal due process , rejecting the administration 's claim of expansive executive powers in wartime .
7 Jul 2004 Alberto Mora , general counsel for the US Navy , writes a memo ( PDF ) summarizing the history to date of abuse of detainees at GTMO and his office 's attempts to stop it .
The memo dismisses the legal arguments in Yoo 's memos .
Mora 's memo is buried and he is forced to retire .
( See this New Yorker article of 27 Feb 2006 for more on the Mora saga . )
30 Dec 2004
The OLC publishes Daniel Levin 's memo , stating that :
Torture is abhorrent both to American law and values and to international norms .
This universal repudiation of torture is reflected in our criminal law ....
There is no exception under the statute permitting torture to be used
for a " good reason . "
Thus , a defendant 's motive ( to protect national security , for example ) is not relevant to the question whether he has acted with the requisite specific intent under the statute .
Memorandum by Daniel Levin ( PDF )
Levin 's memo replaces the Yoo memos .
There is a report that Gonzalez , who was about to take over as Attorney General , blocked Levin from finishing a second memo which would have examined specific techniques , including waterboarding , to determine if they fell within the definition of torture .
10 May 2005 Steven Bradbury of the OLC issues a new memo ( PDF ) m , which , apparently , finish the job Levin was not allowed to do , and from what I can see replaces Levin 's December 2004 .
In it , he finds that
although extended sleep deprivation and use of the waterboard present more substantial questions in certain respect under the statute and the use of the waterboard raises the most substantial issue - none of these specific techniques , considered individually , would violate the prohibition [ against torture ] . "
Bradbury issues two other memos in May ( PDF and PDF ) further providing legal cover .
But it seems clear from the timeline that in the period of June 2004 , when the Yoo memos were rescinded , and certainly from December 2004 with the Levin memo , until May 2005 , the issuance of the Bradbury memos , there was no legal cover from OLC allowing torture .
When the existence ( though not the actual content ) of the Bradbury memos became known in October 2007 , Dana Perino , Bush 's spokesperson , denied that any torture was taking place or that the Levin memo had been rescinded .
June 2005 Philip Zelikow , legal adviser to now - SoS Rice , writes a memo in which he takes issue with each of the justifications offered by the Bradbury memos .
The Bush White House attempted to collect and destroy all copies of the memo .
18 Nov 2005 ABC
News learns about , and reports on , some of the specific CIA interrogation techniques being used , including waterboarding and also rendition to third - party countries .
The CIA declines to comment .
26 Jan 2006 Bush insists Americans are not allowed to torture .
" No American will be allowed to torture another human being anywhere in the world .... "
23 May 2006 US rejects charges by Amnesty International that it is torturing prisoners at GTMO .
26 Sep 2006 The Senate passes the Military Commissions Act of 2006 , which approves torture for detainees , in effect reversing Hamdan .
Then - Senator Barack Obama delivered a speech on the Senate floor in which he accused his colleagues of cutting corners and betraying American values .
September 2006
The International Committee of the Red Cross visits Guantanamo and conducts unsupervised interviews with 14 " high - value " detainees .
25 Oct 2006
In a radio interview , VP Dick Cheney " endorses " waterboarding of teror suspects , calling it a " no- brainer . "
28 Oct 2006 Bush denies that Cheney meant waterboarding or any similar technique , saying " This country does n’t torture , we ’re not going to torture . "
14 Feb 2007
The Red Cross delivers to the Bush administration its report detailing torture of prisoners at GTMO .
In keeping with standard Red Cross practice , it keeps the report ( PDF ) confidential until it is leaked by an unknown source in March 2009 , though information in the report does make its way into Jane Mayer 's book The Dark Side ( New York Times 11 Jul 2008 ) .
6 Oct 2007 Bush defends CIA tactics , saying its methods are necessary and legal and do not constitute torture .
22 Jan 2009
On his second full day in office , President Barack Obama issues an executive order requiring that treatment and interrogation of all detainees be in accord Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions - in other words , no more torture .
2 Mar 2009 President Obama orders the release of several previously classified memos , including the Yoo and Bybee memos , but not the 2005 Bradbury memos .
17 Apr 2009
As ordered by President Obama , DoJ releases copies of the Bradbury memos .
JERUSALEM  Palestinian political activists from the Jenin refugee camp in the northern West Bank on Sunday condemned a camp youth orchestra ’s performance for Holocaust survivors in Israel last week , and said they were banning the orchestra ’s director , an Israeli Arab woman , from entering the camp .
In an unusual , almost surreal encounter , a group of 13 young musicians from the Jenin camp , ages 12 to 17 , played Wednesday for about 30 elderly Holocaust survivors at a social club in the Israeli town of Holon , just south of Tel Aviv .
The hourlong concert was a central event of Israel ’s annual Good Deeds Day , sponsored by an Israeli billionaire .
Adnan al - Hindi , the leader of the camp ’s Popular Committee , a grass - roots group representing the Palestine Liberation Organization , said the young musicians had been exploited by the orchestra director , Wafaa Younis , for the purpose of “ normalizing ” ties with Israel .
He said by telephone that the children had been “ deceived ” and dragged unwittingly into a political situation that “ served enemy interests ” and aimed to “ destroy the Palestinian national spirit in the camp . ”
“ It was a shock and a surprise to the children and their relatives , ” he said , adding that Ms. Younis had told the young musicians ’ families only that the trip to Holon was an opportunity for artistic self - expression .
Many people , perhaps most , hate the idea that life might depend on chance processes .
It is a human tendency to search for meaning , and what could be more meaningful than the belief that our lives have a greater purpose , that all life in fact is guided by a supreme intelligence which manifests itself even at the level of individual molecules ?
Proponents of intelligent design believe that the components of life are so complex that they could not possibly have been produced by an evolutionary process .
To bolster their argument , they calculate the odds that a specific protein might assemble by chance in the prebiotic environment .
The odds against such a chance assembly are so astronomically immense that a protein required for life to begin could not possibly have assembled by chance on the early Earth .
Therefore , the argument goes , life must have been designed .
It is not my purpose to argue against this belief , but the intelligent design argument uses a statistical tool of science -- a probability calculation -- to make a point , so I will use another tool of science , which is to propose an alternative hypothesis and test it .
In living cells , most catalysts are protein enzymes , composed of amino acids , but in the 1980s another kind of catalyst was discovered .
These are RNA molecules composed of nucleotides that are now called ribozymes .
Because a ribozyme can act both as a catalyst and as a carrier of genetic information in its nucleotide sequence , it has been proposed that life passed through an RNA World phase that did not require DNA and proteins .
For the purposes of today ’s column I will go through the probability calculation that a specific ribozyme might assemble by chance .
Assume that the ribozyme is 300 nucleotides long , and that at each position there could be any of four nucleotides present .
The chances of that ribozyme assembling are then 4^300 , a number so large that it could not possibly happen by chance even once in 13 billion years , the age of the universe .
But life DID begin !
Could we be missing something ?
The answer , of course , is yes , we are .
The calculation assumes that a single specific ribozyme must be synthesized for life to begin , but that ’s not how it works .
Instead , let ’s make the plausible assumption that an enormous number of random polymers are synthesized , which are then subject to selection and evolution .
This is the alternative hypothesis , and we can test it .
Now I will recall a classic experiment by David Bartel and Jack Szostak , published in Science in 1993 .
Their goal was to see if a completely random system of molecules could undergo selection in such a way that defined species of molecules emerged with specific properties .
They began by synthesizing many trillions of different RNA molecules about 300 nucleotides long , but the nucleotides were all random nucleotide sequences .
Nucleotides , by the way , are monomers of the nucleic acids DNA and RNA , just as amino acids are the monomers , or subunits , of proteins , and making random sequences is easy to do with modern methods of molecular biology .
They reasoned that buried in those trillions were a few catalytic RNA molecules called ribozymes that happened to catalyze a ligation reaction , in which one strand of RNA is linked to a second strand .
The RNA strands to be ligated were attached to small beads on a column , then were exposed to the trillions of random sequences simply by flushing them through the column .
This process could fish out any RNA molecules that happened to have even a weak ability to catalyze the reaction .
They then amplified those molecules and put them back in for a second round , repeating the process for 10 rounds .
By the way , this is the same basic logic that breeders use when they select for a property such as coat color in dogs .
The results were amazing .
After only 4 rounds of selection and amplification they began to see an increase in catalytic activity , and after 10 rounds the rate was 7 million times faster than the uncatalyzed rate .
It was even possible to watch the RNA evolve .
Nucleic acids can be separated and visualized by a technique called gel electrophoresis .
The mixture is put in at the top of a gel held between two glass plates and a voltage is applied .
Small molecules travel fastest through the gel , and larger molecules move more slowly , so they are separated .
In this case , RNA molecules having a specific length produce a visible band in a gel .
At the start of the reaction , nothing could be seen , because all the molecules are different .
But with each cycle new bands appeared .
Some came to dominate the reaction , while others went extinct .
Bartel and Szostak ’s results have been repeated and extended by other researchers , and they demonstrate a fundamental principle of evolution at the molecular level .
At the start of the experiment , every molecule of RNA was different from all the rest because they were assembled by a chance process .
There were no species , just a mixture of trillions of different molecules .
But then a selective hurdle was imposed , a ligation reaction that allowed only certain molecules to survive and reproduce enzymatically .
In a few generations groups of molecules began to emerge that displayed ever - increasing catalytic function .
In other words , species of molecules appeared out of this random mixture in an evolutionary process that closely reflects the natural selection that Darwin outlined for populations of higher animals .
These RNA molecules were defined by the sequence of bases in their structures , which caused them to fold into specific conformations that had catalytic properties .
The sequences were in essence analogous to genes , because the information they contained was passed between generations during the amplification process .
The Bartel and Szostak experiment directly refutes the argument that the odds are stacked against an origin of life by natural processes .
The inescapable conclusion is that genetic information can in fact emerge from random mixtures of polymers , as long as the populations contain large numbers of polymeric molecules with variable monomer sequences , and a way to select and amplify a specific property .
I will close with a quote from Freeman Dyson , a theoretical physicist at Princeton University who also enjoys thinking about the origin of life :
“ You had what I call the garbage bag model .
The early cells were just little bags of some kind of cell membrane , which might have been oily or it might have been a metal oxide .
And inside you had a more or less random collection of organic molecules , with the characteristic that small molecules could diffuse in through the membrane , but big molecules could not diffuse out .
By converting small molecules into big molecules , you could concentrate the organic contents on the inside , so the cells would become more concentrated and the chemistry would gradually become more efficient .
So these things could evolve without any kind of replication .
It 's a simple statistical inheritance .
When a cell became so big that it got cut in half , or shaken in half , by some rainstorm or environmental disturbance , it would then produce two cells which would be its daughters , which would inherit , more or less , but only statistically , the chemical machinery inside .
Evolution could work under those conditions .
”
The counter - drugs strategy of the United States is clearly failing .
UN figures cited in the Guardian this week show that the cultivation of coca , the plant from which cocaine is derived , has surged in the Andes .
The most dramatic rise has been in Colombia , the only country in the region that allows the use of herbicides to eradicate coca leaf - a policy promoted and funded by the US .
I recently received a disturbing email from southern Colombia warning that the fragile Amazonian soil could " soon be turned to desert " .
They were the words of a Catholic priest , so I rang a church worker whose parish lies deep in the Amazonian state of Caquetá .
Military planes targeting coca farms , funded by the US , had been spraying mists of herbicides over food crops , grazing animals and even areas where children were playing , she said : locals were complaining of breathing problems and rashes ; " strips of skin " have been peeling off cows , and chickens have died ; and maize , yucca , plantain and cacao crops have wilted and shrivelled .
" We fear there will soon be a very serious food shortage in the region , " she said .
The local parish has issued an urgent appeal .
The US has been funding the spraying campaign for more than two decades , but 70 % of the world 's coca leaf is grown in Colombia .
Glyphosate is the most frequently used herbicide ; its biggest selling commercial formulation is Roundup , made by Monsanto .
The company acknowledges that contact with glyphosate may cause mild eye or skin irritation .
But independent studies have suggested a far greater range of symptoms , including facial numbness and swelling , rapid heart rate , raised blood pressure , chest pains , nausea and congestion .
In Colombia , glyphosate is mixed with other chemicals , and because the exact composition has not been made public it has been impossible to test its toxicity .
One addition , a surfactant , makes the corrosive liquid stick to the surface - leaf or skin - on which it is sprayed .
The herbicide is used at higher concentrations than stipulated in the US , and is sprayed from above the recommended height of 10 metres .
Farm workers in the US are advised to keep clear of weedkillers , yet in Colombia aerial spraying takes place with no warning , showering humans and animals with chemicals .
All Colombia 's neighbours - Ecuador , Bolivia , Peru , Venezuela and Brazil - oppose the " fumigation " policy .
The Andean and European parliaments have called for its suspension , as have numerous environmentalists , scientists and politicians in Colombia .
But spraying has intensified since the launch in 2000 of Plan Colombia , the US - funded counter - narcotics strategy .
It was in that year that I first went to meet coca growers in Caquetá .
One woman told me a familiar story .
Sara 's parents were landless , and had travelled south to set up a farm .
In this remote region , with no paved roads , they found that coca was the only crop from which they could make a living .
Sara showed me the weather - beaten wooden press she uses to grind the coca leaves .
Peasants here turn the coca leaves into a paste , which is then sold on to a middleman who takes it to a jungle laboratory to refine it into cocaine .
Sara also grows maize , yucca , sugar cane and tropical fruit , but these products do n't make much money .
It would take days to transport them along rivers or dirt paths to the nearest big market .
In contrast , coca paste is easy to transport and , crucially , always in demand .
But the peasants here are not rich .
They receive just 0.1 % of the final street price of cocaine .
The US focuses on one element of the trafficking chain , the poverty - stricken peasant .
But the policy is not even effective .
When their land is poisoned , peasants migrate and start growing coca again .
They have no alternative .
Spraying simply displaces the problem .
Despite decades of spraying , coca cultivation in Colombia has grown by 500 % since the 1980s , according to US state department figures .
US politicians heralded a drop in cultivation after the launch of Plan Colombia , but the area of land covered by coca crops is now larger than when the plan was launched .
Perhaps the clearest indication that the policy is failing is the falling price of cocaine , suggesting more , not less , of the drug is entering the US market .
Back in Caquetá , the church worker described how herbicides have run into rivers and streams , killing fish .
Locals wait days before they dare drink the water .
One of the most fragile ecosystems in the world " is being poisoned " .
• Grace Livingstone 's book America 's Backyard : the US and Latin America from the Monroe Doctrine to the War on Terror is published this month
• This article was amended on Saturday 21 March 2009 .
Above we referred to the use of pesticides such as glyphosate to eradicate coca leaf .
We meant herbicides .
This has been amended .
Racial profiling charged after Texas man shot in own driveway David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday January 8 , 2009
Print This Email This
The family of a young black Texas man who was shot in his own driveway by a white police officer believes that racial profiling was the cause and are asking for criminal charges to be filed against the officer .
According to family members , Robbie Tolan and his cousin were returning to Tolan 's home in the mostly white Houston suburb of Bellaire in the early hours of December 31 , when they were approached by officers who suspected the SUV they had just gotten out of was stolen .
Tolan 's parents , who own the SUV , came out of the house to explain the situation .
An altercation ensued and Tolan 's mother was thrown against the garage door by an officer .
According to Tolan 's uncle , " Her son was on his back at the time , and he raised up and asked , ' What are you doing to my mom ? ' and the officer shot him -- while he was on the ground . "
The 23 year old Tolan is the son of former Cincinnati Reds outfielder Bobby Tolan , and he himself has played for minor - league teams .
Now he lies in a hospital bed with a bullet lodged in his liver , perhaps permanently , his future sports career in question .
Althought the incident occurred a week ago , it is attracting fresh interest amid reports of riots in Oakland , CA over the fatal shooting by a transit officer there of an unarmed black suspect who was lying helpless on the ground .
The Tolans would like to see the officer who shot their son charged with a crime .
They have hired a lawyer , who stated , " There 's no doubt in my mind that if these had been two white kids , they never would have been shot . 
Bellaire 's assistant police chief told reporters , " As far as any allegations of racial profiling , I 'd probably say that that 's not really going to float . "
However , there has been no other explanation offered for why the officers might have thought the SUV was stolen .
There is now an internal police department investigation going on and the Harris County district attorney 's office is also looking into whether to file charges .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Jan. 8 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
While some designers create million dollars worth diamond encrusted bras and dresses , the others choose less luxurious and expensive materials and solutions .
Like an Israeli painter and designer Yoav Kotik who showcased his collection of jewelry made from bottle caps .
He collected piles of discarded caps from beer and soft drinks bottles and transformed them into cute and flamboyant rings , earrings , brooches , pendants , bracelets , and necklaces .
With low price of materials used in mind , anyone can afford walking around in Coca - Cola caps bracelets or Heineken necklaces .
Source of the image : kotik-design.com .
If you 've followed Ovid 's use Perl journal recently ( and you should ) , you 've seen a lot of practical discussion over the use of Perl roles in his work at the Beeb .
There 's also plenty of theoretical discussion .
I joined the Perl 6 design team in 2003 .
I spent a lot of time thinking about problems in every object system I 'd ever seen .
When we released Apocalypse 12 in 2004 , we included a new feature called roles .
The design borrowed from a Smalltalk idea called Traits , but ( as usual ) we Perl people have our own take on things .
Rakudo Perl 6 provides a very usable implementation of roles , and the Moose object system for Perl 5 allows you to use them as well .
Roles are different from so - called traditional class - based or prototype - based or even multidispatch object systems in several important ways .
Role Goals
In my mind , object orientation provides two essential features : encapsulation and polymorphism .
A well - designed object oriented system models domain concepts along well - defined boundaries , hiding internal details from the outside world and treating like concepts as like concepts because they share the same interfaces .
Careful readers will note that the word " inheritance " does not appear in that paragraph .
That is no accident .
Polymorphism is an interesting concept .
I see it as providing genericity and extensibility .
I may not know all of the potential uses for an object when I create it , but I need to have an accurate idea of how the object behaves .
I need to be able to name that collection of behaviors .
If I 've created the object well , the collection of behaviors the object provides has a meaningful and understandable name .
A role is a name for a discrete collection of behaviors .
When you want to perform operations on an object , you need to know what kinds of behaviors that object supports .
Is it a GUI widget ?
Does it represent a customer ?
Can you introspect it ?
Can you serialize it ?
Does it know how to log debugging information ?
In effect , you 're asking the object " What do you do ?
Do you perform this role ? "
Once you start asking that question , you can ( and should ) stop caring about how the object performs its role .
I 've said nothing about inheritance , or delegation , or composition , or allomorphism .
Those are mechanisms .
Those mechanisms should be well - encapsulated inside the object where you can't poke or prod at them because they 're none of your business .
The important question is not " Do you have a method called log_debug_output ? " or " Do you inherit from DebugLogger ? " but " Do you perform the DebugLogging role ? "
That 's subtle , so let me repeat it a different way .
If you write code mindful of roles and you do n't know the specific class of an object you receive but you want to call a method called log_debug_output on that object and have it behave as you expect , you want to check that that object performs the DebugLogging role .
It does n't matter how the object has that method .
It could inherit it from a superclass .
It could mix it in from a collection of unbound accessory methods .
It could delegate it to a contained object or proxy it to a remote object .
It could reimplement the method directly .
It could compose it in from a role .
It does n't matter how the object has that method -- that 's none of your business outside of the object -- only that it does have the method , and that it understands that method in terms of the DebugLogging role .
That last part is also subtle .
The duck typing hypothesis suggests that method names alone are suitable to determine appropriate behavior .
Roles avoids problems there by requiring disambiguation through naming .
A TreeLike role 's bark method has an obviously different context from a DogLike role 's bark method .
Roles allow you to express ( or require ) context - specific semantics , especially when combined with your type system .
A role - aware type system allows you to express yourself with better genericity : as long as you hew to a well - defined interface and do not violate the encapsulation of objects , you can enforce well - typed programs based on the specific behavior of objects regardless of their implementation .
This is very theoretical .
Do n't worry ; I 'll show specific examples in future entries .
Role Features
Roles are more than just tagged collections of behavior .
You can think of them as partial , uninstantiable classes .
Roles can provide default implementations of behavior they require .
By composing a role into a class , you can import its methods ( and other attributes ) into the class directly at compile time .
There are rules for disambiguation and conflict resolution and requirements and provisions , but you get the rough idea .
A role also provides a mechanism for code reuse .
Parametric roles take the concept even further by customizing their composable behavior based on arguments provided at composition time .
They 're intensely powerful .
The final -- and perhaps most subtle -- feature of roles comes from building them into your type system .
Every class implies the existence of a role .
If you declare a DebugLogging class , other code can access the DebugLogging role .
They may not be able to compose in behavior from that class -- unless you write the class to make that possible -- but they can say that they perform the DebugLogging role , with all of the concomitant role composition checks to enforce this , to produce an object which may successfully substitute for a DebugLogging object anywhere that expects a DebugLogging object -- even though there 's no formal relationship between the original class and the class which performs its role .
As I said , this is powerful but theoretical .
Tomorrow I 'll discuss Perl roles versus inheritance .
View Transcript
Transcript
Wally says , " My project is unfunded , just the way I like it .
Wally says , " I spend my entire say forwarding funny e-mails and lubricating my bowels with coffee . "
The boss says , " Allow me to explain something ? "
Wally says , " Better make it fast ! "
Well , Rahm said we were going to Turkey .
So , I thought that was pretty cool .
I mean , I love Turkey .
And potatoes and cranberries .
So I told Rahm I was aboard any kind of initiative that gets me closer to Turkey .
So , we get on a plane ( why was W able to get Turkey in DC and I can 't ? ) , and I 'm thinking this is going to be damn good Turkey if we have to fly half a day to get .
We finally get there , and they rush me to the hotel .
No turkey .
Then we go to meet some guy named Erdogan .
There 's this big table , and I sit down .
I have my carving knife in my lapel pocket , and I 'm ready for my Turkey .
Erdogan comes in and sees me holding a knife .
Next thing I know , the Secret Service is fighting with these strange guys .
I yell , " When am I gonna get to cut me some turk ? " - and everyone starts pulling out guns .
What a weird day ...
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Google
Inc is hiring to fill about 360 jobs , even after it announced plans this week to lay off almost 200 sales and marketing employees in its third round of job cuts this year .
A Google sign is seen at its headquarters in Mountain View , California , May 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
The openings listed on Google ’s website range from software engineers to sales and marketing positions , to one opening for a Foodservices Supply Chain Manager at Google ’s Mountain View , California headquarters .
The Internet search giant has acknowledged over - hiring in certain areas when it announced the 200 layoffs on Thursday .
In January , Google said it would eliminate 100 full - time recruiters and it said the shuttering of its broadcast radio advertising business could result in 40 layoffs in February .
Google is an organization of more than 20,000 people doing an incredibly diverse array of jobs , said spokesman Matt Furman .
“ Overlapping organizations in one part of the company , does n’t affect the limited need for more people in another part of the company , ” he added .
He confirmed the job listings on Google ’s website are currently open and said the openings were not inconsistent with Thursday ’s layoffs .
Half of the roughly 360 job openings are in Google ’s U.S. operations , while the rest are in far - flung locations , including Ireland and Australia .
Google ’s headcount has swelled in recent years , reaching 20,222 employees at the end of 2008 compared with 10,674 at the end of 2006 .
But the company has slowed hiring in recent quarters as new finance chief Patrick Pichette made controlling costs a bigger priority .
In the fourth quarter , Google ’s headcount grew less than 100 employees after jumping by between 400 and more than 2,000 employees per quarter during the past couple of years .
Part of the change may owe to the fact Google has sharply reduced its pace of acquiring outside companies .
And Google has also pulled the plug on certain projects that were not as successful as hoped , such as its decision to shutter initiatives to sell advertising on broadcast radio and in print media .
“ I imagine they ’re probably shifting resources in certain areas , ” said Gabelli & Co analyst Robert Haley , who has a “ Buy ” rating on Google .
While the industry - wide slowdown in advertising spending is affecting all online Internet companies , including Yahoo Inc and Time Warner Inc ’s AOL , Haley said he expects Google ’s revenue to continue to grow this year .
And as long as Google ’s revenue growth outpaced its growth in operating expenses , Haley said he was not worried the continued hiring would work against preserving profit margins .
The Khost Province killings yesterday have sparked a growing level of outrage at the behavior of US forces across Afghanistan , and have led Afghan President Hamid Karzai to demand once again that foreign forces adhere to their previous agreement to coordinate planned raids with the national government , and base them on accurate information .
When the killings were reported yesterday morning , US forces claimed that they had killed “ four militants ” and wounded another one .
It was only later that they were forced to acknowledge that the house they attacked belonged to a Afghan Army officer , and that the people killed were his wife , a brother , and two of his children .
Afghan health officials revealed today that the wounded woman reported in the initial report was actually nine - months pregnant , and the attacking US forces shot the unborn baby in her womb .
The troops now say they do n’t believe the people they killed were involved in militant activities .
The Afghan officer , Awal Khan , was flown home after the killing and said he wants “ the coalition leaders to expose those behind this and punish them . ”
US military spokesman Col. Julian says it was “ an unfortunate set of circumstances ” and that there will be financial assistance to the surviving relatives of those killed .
On the other had Afghan Ambassador to the United States Said Jawad , remarkably , defended the killings , saying it was “ a price that we have to pay if we want security and stability in Afghanistan , the region and the world . ”
Despite the envoy ’s support , the killing of an unborn baby seems to have netted Afghanistan little in the way of security .
The International Fund for Animal Welfare released this video showing what it says is hunters killing seals in Canada 's annual commercial seal hunt
WARNING : Graphic images of seals being killed
In the more than two decades since Los Angeles police detectives began the search for a serial killer stalking young prostitutes in South L.A. , they have had few breaks .
One night in 1987 , however , offered a tantalizing , agonizing clue .
Shortly after midnight on Jan. 10 , a man called police from a pay phone to report that he had seen someone dump a woman ’s body out of the back of a van and leave it in an alley .
He gave the address , a description of the van and its license plate number : 1PZP746 .
“ Is that T like Tom ? ” the dispatcher asked , according to several Los Angeles Police Department detectives who have heard a recording of the call .
“ No , P like puppy , ” the man said , speaking in a raspy , deep voice .
Advertisement
The call lasted no more than 30 seconds .
At the end , the dispatcher asked for the man ’s name .
He chuckled nervously at the question .
“ I know too many people .
OK , then , bye - bye , ” he said , hanging up the phone .
Twenty years later , with little else to go on , detectives are hopeful that the call may still hold the key to identifying the elusive killer who has claimed at least 11 victims .
Today , police plan to release a recording of the call to the public , along with details of the van and the church that owned it on the chance that someone will come forward with information .
“ There has got to be something to this .
There is just too much information here for there not to be something of value for us , ” said Det. Dennis Kilcoyne , who heads a task force charged with catching the killer .
“ We ’re hoping somebody out there will be able to help us make the connection between this body , the van and the caller . ”
Advertisement
The search for the serial killer has been a frustrating , uneven one .
Long stretches of time between known killings and a disjointed , often dormant investigation that spanned different generations of detectives left police unclear for years that one man was behind the slayings .
Last summer , police acknowledged that they had linked the same man to the 11 killings through ballistic and DNA evidence .
His last known victim was killed in May 2007 .
Formed after the most recent killing , the LAPD task force has struggled to make progress .
The killer ’s genetic profile , known from DNA evidence left on several of his victims , failed to match any of the millions stored in state felon databases .
Efforts to find and tease information from relatives or others have been hamstrung by faltering memories and the dramatic demographic shifts South Los Angeles has experienced since the killings began .
The detectives pored over old case files , trying to resurrect cold leads and catch worthwhile clues overlooked by earlier detectives .
The call to police on a January night two decades ago seemed to hold promise .
Advertisement
Records show that police found the body of 23 - year - old Barbara Ware in the alley off 56th Street near Central Avenue , as the caller had described .
She was covered with debris and trash , shot once in the chest .
Registration records showed that the van was owned by the nearby Cosmopolitan Church .
Within about an hour of the call , detectives found the blue and white van in the church ’s parking lot on Normandie Avenue .
A detective put his hand on the hood , Kilcoyne said .
Its engine was still warm .
The trail , however , went cold almost immediately .
The church did not keep close tabs on who drove the van , which was used to pick up elderly members from home .
Detectives failed to identify a suspect and to Kilcoyne ’s dismay , moved on relatively quickly .
After that night , the killer went on to claim eight more victims .
One woman in 1988 survived the attack after being shot three times and gave police their only description of the man , who she said was an African American in his mid-30s .
Since taking over in 2007 , task force members have tried to breathe life back into the investigation of the van .
There was reason for hope at first , when a search of federal databases matched fingerprints lifted from the van in 1987 to a man incarcerated in a Florida prison .
Detectives flew to Florida , but to no avail .
The man , the son of a church member , recalled being in the van , but denied any knowledge of the killing , Kilcoyne said .
Advertisement
Detectives dismissed him as a suspect when his DNA did not match the killer’s .
In all , detectives have tracked down about 10 men associated with the now - defunct church , including one who worked as a driver , and taken DNA samples to test against the suspected killer ’s .
A visit to the retired deacon at his home outside of Macon , Ga. , turned up nothing .
A search of DMV records indicated that the van was sold and sent to Belize , but it has never been found , Kilcoyne said .
With no blood or other physical evidence found in the van that proves it was actually used to dump
Ware ’s body , detectives are not dismissing the possibility that the caller that night was lying in an effort to mislead police .
And Kilcoyne is the first to acknowledge that releasing the tape is a long shot , but with little else to go on , he ’s hoping former church parishioners will hear the tape and come forward with clues .
Advertisement
“ I find myself sitting in traffic just banging my head wondering , ‘ What else can we do ? ’ ” he said .
--
joel.rubin@latimes.com
" Hacker Gary McKinnon is set to face extradition to the US following a Crown Prosecution Service ruling .
The service has refused to bring charges against him after a decision found that there was sufficient evidence to prosecute him , the evidence is not reflected in the criminality that is alleged by the American authorities .
McKinnon was arrested in 2002 after allegedly hacking into computers belonging to the US Army , US Navy , US Air Force , Department of Defense and NASA .
He claimed that he broke into the networks only to uncover confidential information about anti-gravity propulsion systems and extraterrestrial technology which he believed the authorities were hiding from the public . "
I 've covered Gary multiple times in the past .
Read more : http://www.scmagazineuk.com/Gary-McKinnon-set-to-face-extradition-after-Crown-Prosecution-Service-ruling/article/127882/
PC World Article : http://www.pcworld.com/article/160289/uk_declines_to_prosecute_hacker_wanted_in_us.html
The society says churches should pay for hospital chaplains Religious groups should fund their own presence in UK hospitals and save the NHS some £ 40 m per year , the National Secular Society ( NSS ) suggests .
The organisation of non-believers says such money would be better spent on " much needed " nurses or cleaners .
The NSS claims even organ players in hospital chapels are on NHS payrolls .
NHS guidance notes all patients have a right to religious observance and that trusts should provide both faith representatives and places to pray .
However , the Catholic Church in Scotland said it agreed that spiritual carers should not be funded by the NHS .
' Pressure on services '
The NSS said it contacted 233 acute and mental health trusts which spent a total of £ 26.72 m on chaplains , at an average of £ 48,953 each .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme A medical ethicist 's view
The society extrapolated these figures for the whole of the UK to produced a national average of £ 32 m .
But the NSS said this took into account only the salaries of the chaplains , and excluded national insurance contributions , pension payments , administration costs , office accommodation , training , and the upkeep of chapels and prayer rooms .
NSS president Terry Sanderson told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that the £ 40 m figure was equivalent to employing 1,300 nurses or 2,645 cleaners .
" I think if people were given the choice they would choose the latter [ nurses or cleaners ] because frontline services are under pressure , they are going to be increasingly so as the recession bites , and it 's important that savings are made wherever they can be , " he said .
But Father Paul Mason , a Roman Catholic hospital chaplain in London , said there was a call from patients for chaplaincy services .
" We are all busy , there is a demand , we 're not there because we 're trying to find something to do , we are there because there is demand on the ground for chaplains to be present , " he said .
The Reverend Chris Swift , a former president of the College of Health Care Chaplains , said : " The NSS report is based on erroneous and simplistic assumptions that do not delve into the real work that chaplains from all faiths carry out in the NHS on daily basis in often emotionally fraught situations . "
' Health burden '
The role of NHS chaplains - who come from a range of faiths and denominations including Anglican , Roman Catholic , Jewish and Muslim - ranges from visiting the sick , to administering sacraments and advising on ethical dilemmas .
They are also expected to help staff and relatives cope with death and serious illness .
Chaplains do an extremely demanding job , often in difficult circumstances , and their skill and dedication is highly valued by patients , relatives and staff
Department of Health spokesman
But the NNS says these services are part of churches ' own " fundamental responsibility " , and as such should be paid for out of their own pockets .
" Most people who go into a hospital come from the local area and it would be better if their own vicar , priest , rabbi or imam came to see them if they felt in need of religious support , " Mr Sanderson said .
" This could be done as part of the clergypersons ' regular duties - it should not fall as a burden on the NHS . "
He added that in some cases organists were on the payroll to play in chapels and in other instances Catholic priests delivering last rites charge the hospital a " call - out " fee .
The organisation said it was asking the Department of Health to conduct more thorough research into the extent to which these services were used by patients , and how appreciated they were .
' Intrinsic care ' A Department of Health spokesman said it was " committed to the principle of ensuring that NHS patients have access to the spiritual care that they want , whatever faith or belief system they follow " .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Having someone from the clergy available in hospital can be extremely comforting and just as important as a nurse Peter , Northampton
The spokesman said : " Chaplains do an extremely demanding job , often in difficult circumstances , and their skill and dedication is highly valued by patients , relatives and staff within the health service . "
A Church of England spokesman said : " Spiritual healthcare has long been acknowledged , by both medical practitioners and the churches , to be an intrinsic part of caring for people in hospital .
" NHS Trusts pay for chaplaincies because they see them as part of their duty of care to patients , not because the churches force them to . "
But Peter Kearney , a spokesman for the Catholic Church in Scotland , said : " The Catholic Church in Scotland agrees that religious and spiritual carers should not be employed by the NHS nor funded by the NHS .
" Priests will not become employees of Health Boards nor receive any payments for duties which are part of their pastoral ministry . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Exclusive to STR
The screeching from our gloom and doomster friends on the Right has become deafening in recent months : they say the US dollar is on the very verge of collapse !
It 's monotonous , and I usually just hit the " delete " button .
Occasionally , though , when the mood takes me , I reply with some such innocent question as " When ? " or " To be replaced by what ? " or " Collapse , relative to what ? " and when I do , the response so far has always been a deafening silence .
One partial answer I 've seen was published by Peter Schiff ; he says the dramatic strengthening of the dollar is a temporary thing , caused by a rush by foreign central banks to secure their reserves .
Maybe so ; we 'll come back to that .
Lest any think I 've taken leave of my specie - based senses , let me preface this by saying that the dollar , along with all other fiat currencies , will most certainly collapse -- but not yet , I think .
They will each disappear when the government printing them disappears , and sometimes sooner , as in the present case of Zimbabwe ; though a fair question is how long Mugabe 's government there can survive .
There was an exception in Germany too ; the mark collapsed in 1923 , yet its government survived -- though to do so , it had to turn off the printing press and invent a fable about tying the new currency to German " land . "
What saved it was the pulling of the plug , not the fable .
Exceptions aside , the big task is to deflate government , and then its pretended " money " will disappear too .
Thus , in my Transition to Liberty , I foresee a well re-educated American public withdrawing the support of its labor for all government , at which time -- not sooner -- it will implode , its dollar will become totally worthless and the market will choose real money .
Meantime , the screeching continues and the questions above are pertinent .
The key one is : " By what might the dollar now be replaced ? "
Every country in the world has a central bank in some form , and they all print " money " on demand .
This has been so for three generations ; few are alive who can recall anything different .
As a boy , I do remember seeing on a local bank teller 's countertop ( it was at chin level ) an interesting device : it was a weighing scale , with standard weights on one side and on the other , a small tray with coin - shaped hollow spaces .
The idea was that if a customer brought a gold or silver coin for deposit , the device would measure its weight and if its shape fitted the hollow , the metal 's composition would be verified by density .
I 'm glad to see modern and no doubt more accurate devices called gold testers are coming on the market again today .
So presumably , if the dollar is losing value , it must be that money - savers are exchanging it for either gold or for one of those foreign currencies .
To the extent that that happened , we 'd certainly see a rise in the dollar price of those alternatives .
Have we ?
No .
Generally , the opposite has taken place .
Immediately following the collapse of the US financial trade last Fall , the dollar price of most foreign currencies dropped like a rock , and that is the precise opposite of what would have taken place if the dollar itself were collapsing .
Nearby are charts ( whose © copyright is held by Prof. Werner Antweiler , University of British Columbia , Vancouver BC , Canada ) showing how dramatic has been the rise in the dollars ' purchasing power ; last June one US dollar would buy about € 0.63 but today , € 0.80 ; then it would buy £ 0.50 while today , it can bring in £ 0.70 .
Far from falling , therefore , in terms of the Euro and the Pound , the US dollar has gained , respectively , 27 % and 40 % since the recession hit .
Those are the facts , whether convenient or not .
One exception is the Japanese yen ; last mid-year $ 1 would buy ¥ 107 , and today about ¥ 97 ; another is gold ; its current price is about the same now as it was last June , i.e. , around $ 900 an ounce or 0.0011 ounces per dollar .
The yen , however , is the fiat currency of a government that for a couple of decades has mismanaged its country 's economy as badly as Obama seems set to mismanage ours ; for all the praise Japan attracted from business magazines here in the 1970s and ' 80s , central long - term planning has n't worked a whole lot better there than it did in the Soviet Union .
Now , at very long last , it may be emerging from its torpor and so its currency may be in slightly better favor .
Anyone who wants to bet on it can be my guest .
As for gold , certainly in the long term ( i.e. , as the government era draws to a close ) , its price in dollar terms will approach infinity , so in the long term , it 's a perfect investment .
In the shorter term , it has wobbled and will continue to wobble .
There are two kinds of thinking that can be used to predict the dollar 's future : rational or irrational .
The rational or scientific method is to :
* observe the facts
* postulate a theory to explain them , and
* test the theory by experiment
Then , of course , to modify the theory in the light of experimental results and repeat the cycle until no modification seems necessary or possible .
In contrast , those favoring irrational thought or Revealed Truth follow this approach :
* begin with the explanation , then
* twist the facts until they fit
So there are still self - appointed experts who insist that Up is Down , regardless of what can be plainly seen as above ; they swear the dollar is falling at the very time it is gaining strength .
You 'll be shocked to learn that when young , I would not infrequently contradict my parents , in this discussion or that ; and while I usually came out ahead , my late mother would quite often wrap things up by saying " Do n't confuse me with facts . "
That phrase has entered our family lore as a piece of proprietary whimsy , along with " Pass up thy mug , Sam " - - a reference to the reported very healthy thirst of my paternal great - grandfather .
I promised to get back to Peter Schiff 's explanation of why , quite contrary to expectation , the dollar has recently gained so much strength : that foreign central banks are rushing to top - up their reserves .
Perhaps they did , but why ?
Obvious answer : the dollar is the least unstable bit of paper in the world , and those whose future is at stake are betting it will stay that way .
So for now , my opinion is that the grass is not greener overseas and that like it or not , the world is stuck with the greenback until government itself unwinds , taking its obscene money - presses along with it into history 's trash can .
Of the world 's governments , I see none more likely to suffer support - withdrawal sooner than the American one , and even here it will be a couple of decades before the prerequisite universal re-education has done its work .
Meantime , we might reflect on what it means to claim the honor of having the world 's strongest currency in our wallets .
One factor is that back in 1944 , up the road here in Bretton Woods , NH , the world 's governments agreed to make the US Dollar the universal reserve currency .
Since the other key agreement made then ( that the Feds would exchange $ 34 for an ounce of gold ) has been abrogated Lo ! these 40 years , I do n't know how much weight that still carries -- but the other thing it seems to me to mean is that nobody thinks any government is more likely to be able to continue extracting wealth from its citizens than the American one .
Ultimately that is the bet being made by every investor in US Treasury bonds ; he knows very well that his principal and interest will return to him only if the Feds extract it from productive Americans ; and if , of course , we productive people continue to produce .
This is the inherent difficulty facing all governments ; if ( as always ) they want more money , the simple solution of raising tax rates does n't necessarily work .
The more they steal , the less work we do ; so the returns diminish .
Laffer is right .
So to the extent that foreign central bankers are buying dollars for reserves , it means they all think the Feds have the biggest , baddest tax collection machine on the planet , and that Americans will continue indefinitely to work hard while suffering the loss of half of all we earn .
To put that differently , they judge that nowhere more than here have otherwise intelligent humans been so fully hornswaggled by the myth of government .
We are certainly going to prove them quite wrong -- but our prosperity in the meantime depends on our doing it quietly .
I have good news -- really , great news -- about Obama and science .
But I 'll warn you , I get a little ticked at the end here .
But first , this really is fantastic and highly encouraging news : speaking at the National Academy of Sciences today , President Obama confirmed what most of us in the reality - based community have been hoping for : a massive reinvestment in science .
In his speech today , he outlines a tremendous increase in science investing by the government .
It includes a doubling of the budget for the National Science Foundation and the National Institute of Standards and Technology , both of which are fundamental supporters of basic research in the U.S.
It includes making permanent a tax credit to companies that do basic research and experimentation .
It includes $ 150 billion over ten years to invest in sources of renewable energy and energy efficiency .
And ( perhaps most excitingly ) it includes the creation of a new initiative : the Advanced Research Projects Agency for Energy , or ARPA - E .
The original ARPA ( as part of the Department of Defense ) helped create the Internet .
So we 're talking big - time stuff here , and aimed squarely at scientific research , developing new methods of creating energy , and new ways of using it .
I am completely and 100 % behind an effort like this .
All in all , I feel an immense sense of relief .
In his inauguration speech , Obama said he would restore science to its rightful place , something we desperately needed after eight years of the jack - booted heel that had been at science 's neck .
Not only has that heel being removed , a hand is being offered to help us up .
But there is still a sense of unease I have , and it became more clear as I read the President 's speech .
He mentions NASA several times , including how the Apollo program was our response to a huge challenge ( the Soviet launch of Sputnik and the threat of an enemy 's superiority in space ) , how it gave us new opportunities in science and research , and how it gave our country a renewed sense of exploration .
In fact , in that speech President Obama uses NASA many times as an analogy .
But what about where the rubber hits the road ; how does NASA fare in this huge increase in science investment ?
In that speech , NASA is mentioned only once when it comes to benefits of this new resurgence in science , and only then in NASA 's ability to help investigate climate change .
While this is an important part of NASA 's mission , it 's only one part .
I would say that NASA 's main goal is to explore .
To push back boundaries , to see how far we can go , to see just what we can do in space .
I would bet solid money that most people in this country would agree with that ; the most famous and publicly - known missions are Hubble , Cassini , Apollo and the like .
That 's what we see from NASA , and that 's what the public needs to see .
But there 's no mention of this in Obama 's speech .
No talk of solid reinvestment in NASA 's space science , or of how it will help create the next generation of scientific exploration in astronomy , space , and aeronautics .
For sure , NASA 's budget did pretty well in both the economic stimulus package and in the federal budget .
But it bugs me that Obama did n't see fit to talk about this in his otherwise very lengthy speech .
And if that seems petty of me , remember that right now NASA does n't have a chief Administrator !
Mike Griffin left the post months ago , and Obama has not appointed a new one .
Why not ?
If NASA is a priority in Obama 's mind , then why leave it headless for over three months ?
Why pick the new White House puppy before the top dog at NASA ?
That 's what concerns me , very much .
Obama talks a good game , and in almost all cases he has walked the walk as well .
After eight years of lies , deception , and ideologically - driven politics trumping reality pretty much every time , a President who respects and understands the importance of science is like breathing fresh air after almost a decade of living in a windowless slaughterhouse .
But still .
NASA has but a handful of Shuttle launches left before the fleet is retired next year .
The Ares rockets are nowhere near ready to pick up the slack , and I 'm guessing ( and I sincerely hope I 'm wrong ) that we 'll have more than a five year gap before NASA can launch humans into space again after the Shuttles shut down .
Many NASA science programs are running late and over budget .
Decisions need to be made , and soon , about what NASA will be doing in the coming years .
Heaping money on the space agency wo n't close the rocket gap , nor will it accelerate or fix the other problems .
But a NASA without a permanent chief is one that cannot make the big decisions , or at least cannot make them and expect them to stick .
And while NASA is a small part of the national budget ( much less than 1 % ) , it still looms large in the future of this country ; when we have to start paying the Russians to launch our payloads into space you can just bet there will be some noise made about that .
So , President Obama : I praise you on your phenomenal support of science , and your understanding that we cannot simply restore it to where it was before Bush 's Pyrrhic onslaught , but must increase its standing in our lives .
But whence NASA ?
When will you find the time to make sure our most famous and one of the most important agencies gets your attention , the attention it deserves and so desperately needs ?
About The Author Vailancio Rodrigues is a web ninja who bakes semantic muffins .
Apart from that he is also interested in Motion Graphics , Visual Effects , Photography and knows … More about Vailancio Rodrigues …
Ultimate Collection Of Useful Photoshop Plugins
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Can Photoshop do everything ?
Of course , it can .
But one should have extreme skills , plenty of experience and a great deal of time before retouching images or creating graphics pixel by pixel .
Photoshop is an amazing graphics application that has forever changed graphic , Web design and digital photo editing .
[ Updated January /04/2017 ]
One should know how to use Photoshop to its full potential to get the most stunning results .
This is where Photoshop plugins come in handy .
Plugins aside , though , if you have time to acquire extreme skills , we encourage you to do so because there is nothing better than learning something new .
Featured below is the ultimate collection of useful Adobe Photoshop plugins that will make your work easier , faster and better and reduce the number of steps needed to accomplish tasks .
They will also allow you to do things you just cannot do with the features built into Photoshop .
Some of the plugins are collections of filters , whereas others are programs or utilities that you may find useful .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Photo Retouching
Fluid Mask
Cutting out is one of those painful tasks in Adobe Photoshop that people always approach with gritted teeth .
It is very easy to cut out a section when the image has clearly defined lines .
But on many occasions , you will come across images that prove to be just too challenging .
The fluid mask plugin is helpful in such cases .
It can isolate subjects in a quick and logical way and works similar to Photoshop ’s own mask options , except that it has its own interface and offers much more control ; for example , all brushes have their own settings .
There are a lot of ways to use this plugin , depending on the type of image you are working with .
Compatible host program Adobe Photoshop CS2 - CC 2017 Adobe Photoshop Elements Operating system Windows XP with Service Pack 2 and above Mac OS X v.10.3.9 , v.10.4.9 and above License Commercial with 14 - day trial
Virtual Photographer
Virtual Photographer is a free plugin that you can use to create a variety of photographic styles quickly and easily .
This plugin features multiple presets for creating numerous effects , so you do n’t have to waste hours working out the perfect settings .
Virtual photographer has a filter to suit every purpose .
You can fine - tune the available settings even further to manipulate the image to your specific requirements .
It is also possible to save your favorite settings as .vph files so that you can apply the styles to future images .
License Freeware Operating system Windows
Portraiture
Portraiture is a useful portrait retouching plug - in .
It intelligently smoothens and removes imperfections , while preserving important portrait details such as skin texture , hair , eyebrows , eyelashes , etc .
A unique feature is that it allows selective smoothening for only the skin tone areas of the image .
It also lets you add effects quickly with presets .
Batch processing via Photoshop Actions Compatible host program Adobe Photoshop CS14 - CC 2017 Adobe Photoshop Elements 4 - 15 Adobe Lightroom 1.5 - CC
Apple Aperture 2.1 and above Color support 8 bits / channel 16 bits / channel Operating system Windows XP , Vista , 7 , 8 , 10 Mac OS X 10.4.x , 10.5.x , and above Price $ 199.95
AKVIS Chameleon
AKVIS Chameleon automatically adjusts pasted objects to the target image ’s color range and smoothens the object ’s borders .
This plug - in frees you from the meticulous process of precisely selecting objects .
With the press of a button , the object adjusts to the new background , adapting to the new color range and blending with the environment .
Compatible host program Adobe Photoshop Photoshop Elements Corel ( Jasc ) Paint Shop Pro Many more ( view compatibility list )
Operating system Mac OS X and Windows License Free to try Price Home : $ 54 Home Deluxe : $ 65 Business : $ 82
Noise Ninja
Noise Ninja is a useful plug - in for removing noise and grain from digital photographs .
Noise reduction is useful for anyone shooting in low - light or fast - action situations like news , sports , weddings and events .
Noise Ninja often yields a two - fold improvement in image quality , while preserving important image detail .
In addition , it can produce cleaner , smoother enlargements from low - ISO images .
It includes automatic and manual noise analysis , camera - specific profiles , an innovative “ Noise Brush ” and batch processing to allow you to quickly and easily retouch and rescue your images .
Compatible host program Adobe Photoshop Adobe Photoshop Elements Aperture Operating system Mac OS X , Windows and Linux ( stand - alone only ) Price Pro Bundle ( plugin ) license : $ 129
Depth of Field Generator Pro
An image often looks dull if all areas or objects are of the same focus .
Giving areas varying levels of focus is an ideal way to add interest and create a more sophisticated look .
Depth of field is a difficult effect to get right , but this plug - in allows you to achieve it easily .
Depth of Field Generator
Pro provides an automatic solution for depth of field problems and uses a range of algorithms to aid you in the process .
The plug - in can be applied to single or multiple images at once .
Compatible host program Adobe Photoshop v4.0 and above Adobe Photoshop Elements Adobe Illustrator 7 and above Many more ( view compatibility list ) Operating system Windows Price $ 99.99
Altostorm Rectilinear Panorama
Altostorm Rectilinear Panorama is an unique tool that corrects distortions in panoramic images , including geometric image distortions ; lens , perspective and panorama distortions ; and asymmetrical and irregular distortions .
Compatible host applications Adobe Photoshop 4.0 to CC ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) Adobe Photoshop Elements 2.0 and above Microsoft Digital Image 10.0 Corel Photo - Paint 9.0 and above and many more Operating system Windows 2000 , XP , Vista Price Professional : $ 179 Home Edition : $ 69
Dreamy Photo
Dreamy Photo gives your photos a soft - focus look , giving them a dream - like feel .
Compatible host program Adobe Photoshop Operating system Windows and Mac License Freeware
AutoEye
AutoEye is a useful tool for image editing if you have no clue about color correction or processes such as adjustment , curves , levels , cast removals , contrast and histograms .
It can automatically improve digital images by rebuilding color detail , sharpness and image vibrancy using a totally different set of adjustment methods than Photoshop’s .
It can instantly correct and enhance images .
Compatible host applications Adobe Photoshop 7 - CC 2017 Operating system Windows 2000 , XP , Vista Mac OSX Price $ 129
Bleach Bypass PRO
Bleach Bypass Professional is an advanced Photoshop - compatible plugin designed to digitally simulate the traditional “ bleach bypass ” film technique .
The “ bleach bypass ” technique involves partially or completely skipping the bleaching stage when processing color film .
This prevents the silver from being removed from the negative , and the result is a contrast image with muted colors .
Operating system Windows License Freeware
Process FX
Process FX is another tool that digitally simulates traditional film cross-processing ( i.e. C - 41 print film processed in the chemicals used for the processing of E - 6 slide film , and vice versa ) .
This technique creates skewed color effects that range from subtle to extreme .
This plug - in allows you to reproduce that cross-processed look in software , with full control over the effect .
It comes with several presets , which you can save for later use .
Operating system Windows
PearlyWhites
PearlyWhites automatically whitens and brightens teeth .
PearlyWhites can also whiten the sclera of the eye because it looks for white elements surrounded by flesh tones .
It supports batch image processing for editing many images at once .
Compatible host program Adobe Photoshop 7.0 and above Photoshop Elements 2 and above PaintShop Pro 7 and above Operating System Windows Vista , XP , NT , 2000 Mac OS X and above License Free to try Price $ 40
Photomatix
Photomatix is a tool for creating high dynamic range ( HDR ) photographs .
Although Photoshop CS2 and later versions allow photographers to create HDR images , the tools for mapping the resulting files into something that can be displayed in print or online are primitive .
Using Photomatix , photographers can merge photographs of various exposures into one image with increased dynamic range .
They can also reveal highlight and shadow details in an HDR image created from multiple exposures .
Compatible host program Photoshop CS2 and above Operating System Windows 98 , ME , 2000 , XP , Vista , 7 , 8 , 10 Mac OS X License Unlimited trial period ( with a watermark ) Price $ 99 USD
ReDynaMix HDR
MediaChance ’s ReDynaMix HDR is another Photoshop plug - in that gives HDR - like effect to your images .
The difference between Photomatix ( covered above ) and ReDynaMix is that the latter adds HDR - like effects to single images : no need for multiple exposed photographs .
It has an easy - to - understand interface , with immediate previews for settings .
Compatible host program Adobe Photoshop 5 and above Adobe Photoshop Elements 1 and above PaintShop Pro 8 Photo - Brush 4.3 Operating system Windows Price $ 24
Xpose
Xpose is an exposure adjustment plugin .
It allows you to quickly adjust highlights and shadows with rapid preview feedback and a simple , intuitive interface .
With just a few sliders , you can better expose your digital photos .
Operating system Windows License Freeware
Color MegaMix
Color MegaMix is a free Photoshop plug - in that can modify the colors in any image .
Using two rows of colors , eight source colors and eight target colors , this plug - in reconstructs the color space .
Operating system Windows License Freeware
Color !
Color !
The Color ! Color !
plug - in gives you bold colors for your images with far less color distortion .
Compatible host program Adobe Photoshop 5 - CC 2017 Adobe Photoshop Elements 1 and above PaintShop Pro Operating system Windows License Free Trial Price $ 10
Backdrop designer
With the Backdrop designer plug - in , you can transport people and objects into scenes from professional photo shoots from the comfort of your desktop .
Produce backgrounds that are resolution - independent and have textures and shadows , which increase depth and makes your scene more realistic .
Compatible host program Photoshop 7.0 – CC Elements 4.0 –6.0 Operating system Mac 10.4 , 10.5 Win 2000 , XP Home , XP Pro and above Vista 32 - bit , 64 - bit License Free to try Price $ 199.00
Photo Manipulation And Graphic And Web Design
Fractalius
Fractalius creates beautiful fractal textures from images .
You can also simulate various types of exotic lighting and highly realistic pencil sketches .
Operating System Windows Price $ 39.90 USD
SymmetryShop
SymmetryShop is a powerful tool for designing patterns .
Compatible host program Adobe Photoshop Operating system Windows and Mac Price CD - ROM with printed User Guide : $ 321.00 Download : $ 315.00
Sketch Master
Sketch Master is a manipulation tool for creating realistic hand drawings derived from photos .
It consists of various tools , such as lead pencil , ink pencil , crayon , charcoal , airbrush , etc .
Three layers with separate settings allow one to emulate effects of stylized fine art on all sorts of surfaces , including water paper , squared paper , laid paper , canvas , leather , crepe and rag paper .
Operating system Windows Price $ 39.90 USD
Eye Candy Bundle
Eye Candy Bundle contains three Adobe Photoshop plugins :
Nature A collection of 10 Photoshop filters , which can create fire , smoke , rust , snow , ice and more .
Nature includes over 500 presets for frequently used effects .
Impact A collection of 10 Photoshop filters , which can create chrome , brushed metal , glass , bevels , shadows , reflections and more .
Impact offers beautifully rendered effects for designers .
Textures A collection of 10 seamless texture generators .
Textures produces a wide variety of effects , including snake and lizard skin , fur , brick , stone and wood .
Graphic designers ,
Web developers and 3 - D artists can quickly create backgrounds , skins , seamless tiles and more .
Compatible host program Macintosh :
Adobe Photoshop CS2 9.0.2 and above
Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0.1 and above Windows :
Adobe Photoshop 7 and above
Adobe Photoshop Elements 2 and above
Adobe Fireworks CS3 *
Corel Paint Shop Pro 8 and above
CADLink SignLab 7.5 Operating System Windows 2000 , XP , Vista Mac OS X 10.4.0 and above Price $ 129
AKVIS Decorator
Decorator allows you to change the surface of objects in a realistic way .
You can create things unimaginable even to Mother Nature .
Compatible host program Adobe Photoshop Adobe Photoshop Elements Corel Photo - Paint Many more ( check compatibility ) Operating system Windows 2000 , XP , NT , 2003 , Vista Mac OS X 10.3.9 to 10.5 Price Home license : $ 54.00 Business license : $ 82.00
Utilities
Blow Up
Preparing photos for print can be tedious , often involving DPI , aspect ratio and cropping .
Blow Up is a Photoshop plug - in that produces dramatically sharp enlargements .
Blow Up uses an innovative algorithm that temporarily converts pixels to a vector representation that results in perfectly smooth , crisp edges .
Simulated texture and film grain keep photos looking natural even in extreme enlargements .
Over 100 presets for common output sizes are available with this plugin and make cropping and resizing easy to do in one step .
Blow Up also has a built - in batch processing tool for resizing many photos at once .
Compatible host program Adobe Photoshop CS2 9.0.2 and above Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0.1 and above ( Macintosh ) Adobe Photoshop Elements 5 and above ( Windows ) Operating System Windows XP and above Mac OS X 10.4.11 and above Price $ 99
Other Good Photoshop PlugIns
Many other good plug-ins are not reviewed in the list above :
Further Resources
You may be interested in the following articles and related resources :
The outcome could still change because thousands of late absentee and provisional ballots must be counted over the next few days .
But the unofficial results quickly created a series of awkward moments for the civic leaders who had prematurely declared victory throughout the course of election night .
The Los Angeles election delivered a few surprises , and the biggest was the weak showing for Measure B , the plan for adding 400 megawatts of solar panels to rooftops and parking lots .
First up was H. David Nahai , the head of the Department of Water and Power , who sent an e-mail statement to reporters at 11:12 p.m. hailing Measure B's passage and congratulating voters for making " a bold choice for the environment . "
In his statement , Nahai said the DWP " has already laid the groundwork for ramping up the workforce required to begin implementing Measure B . "
Half an hour later , the solar energy campaign sent its own e-mail , titled " Los Angeles Labor , Environmental , Community Leaders Celebrate Passage of Measure B. "
That statement said the DWP would have a Measure B implementation plan ready within 90 days .
And shortly after midnight , the head of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor sent her own statement touting her group 's involvement in the Measure B campaign .
" Tonight , voters clearly agreed that Measure B is more of what we need to get our environment and economy back on track , " said Maria Elena Durazo , the federation 's secretary treasurer .
At the time , Measure B looked like it was still a shoo -in .
The results are a turnaround from a few days ago , when the Measure B campaign boasted that its ballot measure was polling in the high 60s .
Because the measure only needed a simple majority , passage seemed inevitable .
Yet the solar plan also faced a buzz - saw of criticism from the dozens of neighborhood councils that had taken a position against it .
Opponents warned that the plan would dramatically increase electrical rates and prevent construction - trade workers from getting work installing the panels .
Supporters sharply disagreed , saying that Measure B would create new jobs , improve the environment and provide new training opportunities for low - income adults attempting to enter the workforce .
The International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers , which represents DWP workers , put its money and considerable clout behind the measure , saying the city had waited too long for a coherent solar plan .
Even if Measure B goes down to defeat , nothing would prevent the city 's political leaders from dusting themselves off , reexamining the solar plan and sending it to the commission that oversees the DWP for a vote .
Backers of Measure B bypassed that panel the first time around , opting to send it to the ballot instead .
The commission 's members are appointed by Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , who appeared in TV commercials for Measure B .
If they act , they could easily breathe new life into the flagging solar plan .
-- David Zahniser
Agri-biz at root of swine flu ?
Real News Network report , April 30 , 2009 .
* * *
April 27 , 2009 -- Socialist Worker ( USA ) --
Mike Davis , whose 2006 book The Monster at Our Door warned of the threat of a global bird flu pandemic , explains how globalised agribusiness set the stage for a frightening outbreak of the swine flu in Mexico .
The spring break hordes returned from Cancun this year with an invisible but sinister souvenir .
The Mexican swine flu , a genetic chimera probably conceived in the fecal mire of an industrial pigsty , suddenly threatens to give the whole world a fever .
Initial outbreaks across North America reveal an infection rate already travelling at higher velocity than the last official pandemic strain , the 1968 Hong Kong flu .
Stealing the limelight from our officially appointed assassin -- the otherwise vigorously mutating H5N1 , known as bird flu -- this porcine virus is a threat of unknown magnitude .
Certainly , it seems far less lethal than Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) in 2003 , but as an influenza , it may be more durable than SARS and less inclined to return to its secret cave .
Given that domesticated seasonal Type - A influenzas kill as many 1 million people each year , even a modest increment of virulence , especially if coupled with high incidence , could produce carnage equivalent to a major war .
Meanwhile , one of its first victims has been the consoling faith , long preached in the pews of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , that pandemics can be contained by the rapid responses of medical bureaucracies , independent of the quality of local public health .
Since the initial H5N1 deaths in Hong Kong in 1997 , the WHO , with the support of most national health services , has promoted a strategy focused on the identification and isolation of a pandemic strain within its local radius of outbreak , followed by a thorough dousing of the population with anti-viral drugs and ( if available ) a vaccine .
An army of skeptics has rightly contested this viral counter - insurgency approach , pointing out that microbes can now fly around the world ( quite literally in the case of avian flu ) faster than the WHO or local officials can react to the original outbreak .
They also pointed to the primitive , often non-existent surveillance of the interface between human and animal diseases .
But the mythology of bold , preemptive ( and cheap ) intervention against avian flu has been invaluable to the cause of rich countries , like the US and Britain , which prefer to invest in their own biological Maginot Lines , rather than dramatically increase aid to epidemic frontlines overseas -- as well as to Big Pharma , which has battled Third World demands for the generic , public manufacture of critical antivirals like Roche 's Tamiflu .
The swine flu , in any case , may prove that the WHO / CDC version of pandemic preparedness -- without massive new investment in surveillance , scientific and regulatory infrastructure , basic public health , and global access to lifeline drugs -- belongs to the same class of Ponzified risk management as AIG derivatives and Madoff securities .
It is n't so much that the pandemic warning system has failed as it simply does n't exist , even in North America and the EU .
Perhaps it is not surprising that Mexico lacks both capacity and political will to monitor livestock diseases and their public health impacts , but the situation is hardly better north of the border , where surveillance is a failed patchwork of state jurisdictions , and corporate livestock producers treat health regulations with the same contempt with which they deal with workers and animals .
Similarly , a decade of urgent warnings by scientists in the field has failed to ensure the transfer of sophisticated viral assay technology to the countries in the direct path of likely pandemics .
Mexico has world - famous disease experts , but it had to send swabs to a laboratory in Winnipeg ( which has less than 3 per cent of the population of Mexico City ) in order to identify the strain 's genome .
Almost a week was lost as a consequence .
But no one was less alert than the legendary disease controllers in Atlanta .
According to the Washington Post , the Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) did not learn about the outbreak until six days after the Mexican government had begun to impose emergency measures .
Indeed , the Post reported , " US public health officials are still largely in the dark about what 's happening in Mexico two weeks after the outbreak was recognised . "
No excuses
There should be no excuses .
This is not a " black swan " flapping its wings .
Indeed , the central paradox of this swine flu panic is that while totally unexpected , it was accurately predicted .
Six years ago , Science dedicated a major story ( reported by the admirable Bernice Wuethrich ) to evidence that " after years of stability , the North American swine flu virus has jumped onto an evolutionary fast track " .
Since its identification at the beginning of the Depression , H1N1 swine flu had only drifted slightly from its original genome .
Then , in 1998 , all hell broke loose .
A highly pathogenic strain began to decimate sows on a factory hog farm in North Carolina , and new , more virulent versions began to appear almost yearly , including a weird variant of H1N1 that contained the internal genes of H3N2 ( the other type - A flu circulating among humans ) .
Researchers whom Wuethrich interviewed worried that one of these hybrids might become a human flu ( both the 1957 and 1968 pandemics are believed to have originated from the mixing of bird and human viruses inside pigs ) , and urged the creation of an official surveillance system for swine flu .
That admonition , of course , went unheeded in a Washington prepared to throw away billions on bioterrorism fantasies while neglecting obvious dangers .
But what caused this acceleration of swine flu evolution ?
Probably the same thing that has favoured the reproduction of avian flu .
Virologists have long believed that the intensive agricultural system of southern China -- an immensely productive ecology of rice , fish , pigs and domestic and wild birds -- is the principal engine of influenza mutation : both seasonal " drift " and episodic genomic " shift . "
( More rarely , there may occur a direct leap from birds to pigs and / or humans , as with H5N1 in 1997 . )
But the corporate industrialisation of livestock production has broken China 's natural monopoly on influenza evolution .
As many writers have pointed out , animal husbandry in recent decades has been transformed into something that more closely resembles the petrochemical industry than the happy family farm depicted in schoolbooks .
In 1965 , for instance , there were 53 million American hogs on more than 1 million farms ; today , 65 million hogs are concentrated in 65,000 facilities -- half with more than 5000 animals .
This has been a transition , in essence , from old - fashioned pig pens to vast excremental hells , unprecedented in nature , containing tens , even hundreds of thousands of animals with weakened immune systems , suffocating in heat and manure , while exchanging pathogens at blinding velocity with their fellow inmates and pathetic progenies .
Agribusiness
Anyone who has ever driven through Tar Heel , North Carolina , or Milford , Utah -- where Smithfield Foods subsidiaries each annually produce more than 1 million pigs as well as hundreds of lagoons full of toxic shit -- will intuitively understand how profoundly agribusiness has meddled with the laws of nature .
Last year , a distinguished commission convened by the Pew Research Center issued a landmark report on " industrial farm animal production " underscoring the acute danger that " the continual cycling of viruses ... in large herds or flocks [ will ] increase opportunities for the generation of novel virus through mutation or recombinant events that could result in more efficient human - to - human transmission . "
The commission also warned that promiscuous antibiotic use in hog factories ( a cheaper alternative to sewer systems or humane environments ) was causing the rise of resistant Staph infections , while sewage spills were producing nightmare E. coli outbreaks and Pfisteria blooms ( the doomsday protozoan that has killed more than 1 billion fish in the Carolina estuaries and sickened dozens of fisherpeople ) .
Any amelioration of this new pathogen ecology , however , would have to confront the monstrous power exercised by livestock conglomerates such as Smithfield Foods ( pork and beef ) and Tyson ( chickens ) .
The Pew commissioners , chaired by former Kansas Governor John Carlin , reported systemic obstruction of their investigation by corporations , including blatant threats to withhold funding from cooperative researchers .
Moreover , this is a highly globalised industry , with equivalent international political clout .
Just as Bangkok - based chicken giant Charoen Pokphand was able to suppress investigations into its role in the spread of bird flu throughout South - East Asia , so it is likely that the forensic epidemiology of the swine flu outbreak will pound its head against the corporate stone wall of the pork industry .
This is not to say that a smoking gun will never be found : there is already gossip in the Mexican press about an influenza epicentre around a huge Smithfield subsidiary in the state of Veracruz .
But what matters more ( especially given the continued threat of H5N1 ) is the larger configuration : the WHO 's failed pandemic strategy , the further decline of world public health , the stranglehold of Big Pharma over lifeline medicines , and the planetary catastrophe of industrialised and ecologically unhinged livestock production .
[ This article first appeared in Socialist Worker , newspaper of the International Socialist Organization ( United States ) .
It has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A bloody war between Mexican drug cartels is no longer solely a south - of - the - border problem , members of Congress said Tuesday at a hearing on the issue .
A member of the Mexican Federal Police patrols in Ciudad Juarez during a recent operation to fight drugs .
The violence accompanying those battles has crept into the United States , and is believed to be largely fueled by money and guns from America , said Sen.
Dick Durbin , D - Illinois .
" The drugs are coming north , and we 're sending money and guns south , " said Durbin , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Drugs .
" As a result , these cartels have gained extraordinary power . "
About 90 percent of guns seized in Mexican raids are traced back to the United States , according to the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , he said .
About 2,000 firearms cross the border into Mexico daily , according to the Brookings Institution , he added .
The subcommittee held a joint hearing Tuesday on the issue with the Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control .
The hearing focused on ways the United States can assist Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's efforts to combat drugs and violence .
In addition , American communities are seeing an increase in violent crimes related to the Mexican drug trade .
In Phoenix , Arizona , in 2008 , 366 kidnappings for ransom were reported -- more than in any other U.S. city , Durbin said , citing federal statistics .
The vast majority of those , he said , were related to Mexican drug cartels .
" We 're not winning the battle , " Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard told lawmakers .
" The violence that we see in Mexico is fueled 65 to 70 percent by the trade in one drug : marijuana . "
Goddard said he believes the United States can do more to remove the profit from such operations , as well as attempt to reduce the demand for the drugs .
It 's not only border states that are affected , either .
Authorities believe cartels reached 230 American cities , up from 50 in 2006 , Durbin said .
In his home state of Illinois , far from the Mexican border , he said , cartels are believed operate in three cities : Chicago , East St. Louis and Joliet .
Lawmakers and witnesses at the hearing universally applauded Calderon 's efforts to deal with drug violence through actions such as sending troops into Ciudad Juarez .
" I think he needs every single bit of our support , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D - California .
However , the violence has skyrocketed , Goddard said , with a new and appalling trend : assassinations of police officers , prosecutors and other officials who are combating cartels .
Perhaps even more horrifying , as the violence increases , so does the possibility that innocent citizens will be caught in it , he said .
In at least one instance in Phoenix , criminals making a home invasion had the wrong house , he said .
" The casual fallout is going to be significant if we can't do something to try to assist Mexico in stopping it south of the border , " Goddard said .
Efforts by Arizona authorities to fight the violence include intercepting wire transfer payments to smugglers of drugs and of human beings , Goddard said .
Between 2003 and 2007 , he said , Arizona seized about $ 17 million in such transfers .
However , a more comprehensive and regional effort is needed , he said , as the cartels , faced with increasing law enforcement surveillance in one area , will simply take their crimes elsewhere .
And authorities must target the masterminds and leaders behind the violence , he said : " Just arresting and deporting foot soldiers is a waste of critical assets . "
Also Tuesday , a federal firearms official told the subcommittee there has been a " troubling increase " in the number of hand - grenades seized from Mexican drug traffickers recently , and that officials are concerned violence involving explosives could spill into U.S. border towns .
" In the past six months , we have noted a troubling increase in the number of grenades seized from , or used by , drug traffickers , " William Hoover of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives told the Senate subcommittee .
" We are concerned about the possibility of explosives - related violence impacting our U.S. border towns , " he said .
Hoover did not give statistics about the number of hand - grenades seized by ATF , nor were statistics immediately available from the agency .
Another federal law enforcement official told the subcommittee he does n't expect Mexican cartels to intentionally target U.S. officials and interests " in the near term . "
Anthony Placido of the Drug Enforcement Administration said the DEA does not believe " that in the near term the cartels will deliberately target U.S. government personnel or interests or intentionally target U.S. civilians in the United States . "
But , he added , " defining spillover is a tricky business . "
CNN Homeland Security Correspondent Jeanne Meserve , Mike M. Ahlers and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .
All About Felipe Calderon • Ciudad Juarez • Mexico
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Boston University anthropologist Thomas Barfield has been publishing relentlessly ever since the mid-1970s , when he wandered northern Afghanistan doing doctoral fieldwork .
He has since emerged as one of America ’s foremost experts on the region , focusing on political development , provincial - state relations , and customary law .
In 2006 , Barfield , now president of the American Institute of Afghanistan Studies , received a prestigious Guggenheim Fellowship to complete his upcoming book on the changing concepts of political legitimacy in Afghanistan .
I caught up with the professor to discuss the P - word — Pakistan — and its role in our current predicament .
At the time of our interview , Pakistan ’s government had not yet signed its agreement with the Taliban that allowed for the imposition of strict Islamic law in six northwestern regions , including Swat .
Mother Jones :
To what degree does future Afghan stability depend on reconciliation between India and Pakistan ?
Thomas Barfield : The India / Pakistan relationship is probably central .
Pakistan has from its inception defined itself in opposition to India , and that makes it difficult .
But Kashmir needs to be reconciled .
Pakistan could also dissolve :
The four provinces have very little holding them together .
MJ : Dissolve into what ?
TB : Four ministates or something , in which case your policy changes radically .
If you ’re dealing with rump nuclear - armed Punjab and three separate , independent nations , then reconciliation almost becomes a moot point .
MJ : Can you make peace in Afghanistan without dealing with Kashmir ?
TB : Yes , you can .
Kashmir ’s a separate issue , and settling it would not necessarily stop the Pakistanis from meddling in Afghanistan — which they used to talk about as their fifth province .
MJ : And also an extension of their battle with India .
TB : They view everything as an extension of their battle with India .
They bought our tanks and planes so that they could fight India , with which they have lost three wars .
It ’s totally not in Pakistan ’s self - interest to do this , and yet they ’re utterly driven by it .
But if you solve the India thing , I presume that would go a long way to providing regional peace .
MJ : What can the US do to facilitate this , given that India does n’t want outsiders involved in the Kashmir dispute ?
TB : It ’s not clear Pakistan ’s military can survive without our subsidies — it ’s a bankrupt country .
One of the things for us to tell Pakistan is that we may not want to get involved in this directly , but we want to see this problem solved .
And in this the US is probably neutral , because there ’s no constituency in the United States that ’s keen on Kashmir one way or the other .
Most people do n’t even know where it is .
MJ : Pakistan ’s army and ISI , its military intelligence service , basically made the Taliban what it is .
Was this support driven by ideology or India strategy ?
TB : Part of it was its India strategy , this “ strategic depth ” they talk about .
The Pakistani belief was , “ What if the Indians overran the plains ?
We would regroup in Afghanistan and drive them out . ”
But one look at Afghanistan and you say , “ Wait a minute , how are you going to move your equipment ? ”
It ’s ridiculous .
It ’s not strategic depth .
It ’s nothing .
The Pakistanis also have a paranoia — which they actually now might make true — that India is trying to surround them , since India has always had good relations with Afghanistan , and Afghanistan and Pakistan have always had bad relations .
MJ : How come ?
TB : Afghanistan was the only state that voted against Pakistan ’s admission to the United Nations on the grounds that it was an illegitimate state , it should n’t be allowed to exist .
With Partition there were only two options : Join India or join Pakistan .
The Afghans said there should be two more options , that the Northwest Frontier province and Baluchistan should be able to vote to become independent or join Afghanistan — they said people were n’t given those options and therefore it was an unfair process .
If you look at Afghan maps of Pakistan , they always include what they call Pashtunistan , which runs to the Indus River .
As you can imagine , Pakistan is not real pleased to see maps like that , which give away half its territory .
So there ’s been this hostility .
And essentially , because India ’s been opposed to Pakistan , Afghanistan has had good relations with Delhi .
But the big thing is that Afghans hold Pakistan responsible for most of the trouble in their country .
MJ : India has also been visibly doing good things in Afghanistan .
TB : Oh , a lot .
When the truck bomb went off at the Indian Embassy last July in Kabul , the Indians saw that as a calling card from ISI saying , “ Get out .
This is our territory . ”
And they responded by saying , “ We ’re going to give Afghanistan another $ 400 million . ”
MJ : Was n’t Jalaluddin Haqqani the bomber ?
TB : Yeah .
But he ’s an Afghan who fights for the Taliban , and this was n’t a Taliban operation .
This was a message from Islamabad to India .
The bomb went off as India ’s military attaché was coming to work , so it was n’t just a bomb ; it was an assassination specifically targeting one of their high military officials .
MJ : Does Pashtun nationalism play any role in Pakistan ’s military activities ?
TB : Pashtuns are a small minority — something like 15 percent — so their nationalism is looked upon very critically .
The government and military are dominated by people from the Punjab .
MJ : Right .
In fact , many Pashtuns basically live on reservations , the tribal areas , that operate under a 1901 law .
TB : Yes , the Frontier Crimes Regulation Act .
Some of the Pashtuns feel like they are a colony of Pakistan .
They ’re not full citizens , and the act gives the Pakistani government the right to collective punishment , to burn down villages , to ban trade , and even to put whole tribes under interdict — even if they ’re not living in the area .
So it ’s fairly draconian , and it comes directly out of British colonial rule .
MJ : So if the army is n’t Pashtun , how does a smaller element like the ISI exert so much control ?
TB : A lot of people in the ISI are Pashtuns because they had the language skills .
During the Soviet War period , [ Mohammad ] Zia ul - Haq began Islamizing the army .
Before , the army was fairly resolutely secular , but since the ’ 80s you saw a greater and greater influence of Islamists in the army as well as the ISI .
By the time they were helping the Taliban , some [ army officials ] were highly sympathetic to this idea of a Wahhabi - style Islamic state .
Pakistan was formed as a state for Muslims separated off from India — it ’s name means “ land of the religiously pure ” — and it ’s always been like , “ Well , are we Muslim enough ? ”
All states founded as places to protect a religious group run into that problem .
Israel has that problem with its right wing , and in Pakistan it ’s even stronger .
MJ : How has army support of the jihadis imperiled the Pakistani government ?
TB : The easiest example :
The jihadis took over Swat Valley , which is full of Pashtuns , but was under the direct rule of the government and always had been .
It had become one of the more secular , progressive areas of the Pashtuns , because it was a resort .
It had ski lodges , and was a big tourist place for foreigners in the ’70s and ’ 80s .
Swat is only a couple hours drive from Islamabad .
This is like rebels taking Fredericksburg and sending their representatives to Washington saying , “ We want autonomy .
Northern Virginia is n’t good enough for us . ”
MJ : And Pakistan has basically bent over .
TB : Yes , it really has .
They have trained their troops to fight conventional warfare on the plains with tanks , with missiles , against India .
So in a place like Swat , where you ’ve got guys with guns fighting in mountains , and who are experts on ambush , they have just trounced the Pakistan army .
The army is able to take back the major roads , the major towns , but its people are not trained and they do n’t seem to have the stomach for taking these guys on in essentially a counterinsurgency .
MJ : Yet we ’ve given the Pakistanis more than $ 10 billion , some $ 6 billion for the Federally Administered Tribal Areas and the border , ostensibly to fight the jihadis .
Has Pakistan taken us for a ride ?
TB : Oh sure .
But they took us for a ride during the Soviet War , too .
They feel they ’re experts at playing us for suckers .
A lot of these problems were evident , three , four , even six years ago , but nobody , including the Bush administration , was particularly interested .
All the attention has been on Iraq .
So this gave the Pakistanis a lot of flexibility to cause mischief .
As far as they were concerned , at some point the US was going to get out of there ; their whole strategy was to keep the Taliban in reserve and keep their own options open .
Now people are seeing that the whole region could go up .
Pakistan has nuclear weapons .
It has 173 million people .
It ’s big .
So the focus and the context — even the appointment of [ US diplomat Richard ]
Holbrooke to be special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan — implies that both countries are part of the problem .
MJ : So what happens if Pakistan dissolves ?
TB : There will probably be an independent Pashtun state , unlikely to join with Afghanistan , because for all the lip service Afghans give to Pashtunistan , they can count .
If they were part of this state , they would be a minority , and that ’s probably not a good idea from their point of view .
There could be an independent Baluchistan .
That ’s Pakistan ’s major gas producing area , and there ’s been an insurgency there for a long time .
Some people say Baluchistan might join with Sindh , the other major populated area .
Sindh is mostly Shia , and they feel persecuted by these radical Sunnis .
There ’s really a large number of Shias in Pakistan that these radical Sunnis consider to be heretics — they are mostly in the south .
Also in the south , in Karachi , you have all the so - called Muhajirs , the people who left India to resettle in Pakistan .
So effectively you ’d get three or four states .
The most powerful would still be the Punjab .
That would be the one holding the nuclear arms — Islamabad , Lahore , that area .
MJ : Who would be in charge ?
TB : The Punjabis .
They see themselves as the dominant group in Pakistan .
They ’re more moderate on the religious and political spectrums — as long as they can be in charge .
The army that you see now is mostly Punjabi , so you ’d have this large army overlooking this rump state with lots of nukes .
The other thing to consider is the elites are highly modern and moderate , highly westernized : Could a social revolution break out in which the elites who have run the place since it was founded are displaced by an entirely different social class that is more radical — that does n’t have the same vested interests or education ?
The army has always stood to prevent that , so presumably if they would hold on to the army , the army would hold on to Punjab and prevent things from getting out of hand .
But then the question would be , if it starts to fall apart like that , would India feel the need to make a preemptive strike to go after the nukes ?
MJ : Yikes !
TB : Yes .
They do not want to see it that way , because when people start planning three or four moves ahead and worrying about preempting this and that , things can get pretty dangerous pretty fast .
Joint Banking , Budgets , and Savings
Joint budgeting has been a topic for the past few weeks on some personal finances sites .
Several bloggers have been posting their financial maps .
Personal Finance Hour had a great show on couples and finances with Jim and J.D sharing their differing opinions on how they handle their family ’s finances .
I decided to update on how we handle our finances since I started my new job a few weeks ago .
On the chart above , I have big picture view of how our finances are organized .
I ’ll attempt to clarify it with some explanation on how we budget our family ’s finances .
Our Joint and Individual Bank Accounts
Joint Checking :
This is our main account and a big chunk of our paychecks is directed towards it .
It ’s an online bank account ( we used to have a Bank of America account ) that we use to pay our bills like rent , groceries , cable , light , Internet , doctor visits , and car insurance .
My paychecks come in on a weekly basis and my husband deposits twice a month .
The majority of our bills are scheduled and automated .
: This is our main account and a big chunk of our paychecks is directed towards it .
It ’s an online bank account ( we used to have a Bank of America account ) that we use to pay our bills like rent , groceries , cable , light , Internet , doctor visits , and car insurance .
My paychecks come in on a weekly basis and my husband deposits twice a month .
The majority of our bills are scheduled and automated .
Joint Savings :
We use this to keep our emergency fund and our house down payment .
With interest rates going down , we ’re not earning as much as we did before , but it ’s still more than the local bank options right now .
We use this to keep our emergency fund and our house down payment .
With interest rates going down , we ’re not earning as much as we did before , but it ’s still more than the local bank options right now .
Individual Accounts :
We have our individual accounts at Wachovia .
These individual accounts are for splurges such as lunches out , gifts , gadgets , and gasoline .
These are minor accounts money - wise .
In case of an emergency , we can access each other ’s account .
All of our accounts have no maintenance fees .
Our joint accounts also earn some interest .
We have our paychecks come into the brick and mortar bank more based on feeling as like to have the option to walk up to a local branch to get something settled than reflection of ING Direct ’s customer service , which as been great .
We know a couple of Wachovia ’s account managers personally , so that also helps if something comes up .
We may change this arrangement in the future though .
How We Budget and Plan :
We use a Google Spreadsheet for our joint budgeting .
It ’s free and easy to use .
It lists our deposits and expenses for the month .
We also add a buffer in case we go over what we plan .
Using Google for our joint budgeting spreadsheet is great as we share the spreadsheet and it notifies the other person of changes .
We review our spreadsheet on an as needed basis such as when we went down to one income .
I also use Mint to keep an eye on our spending habits and set have alerts sent if we ’re getting close to reaching one of our spending limits , such as eating out .
We keep each other in the loop with balances before we had out to go shopping .
How We Handle Paying Bills
We ’re currently using proportional budgeting to determine how much each of us puts into the joint account .
Basically the deposit is based on the ratio of our income to the family ’s total income .
Here ’s an example :
Family Income
Person 1 : $ 2100 / month
Person 2 : $ 1400 / month
Total Income : $ 3500
Family Expenses
Bills : $ 2800 / month
Person 1 brings in 60 % of the income .
Person 2 brings in 40 % of the income .
So here are the deposits :
Family Deposits
Person 1 deposits $ 1080 .
That ’s just multiplying the bills by 60 %
Person 2 deposits $ 720 . “ ”
How We Set Our Online Bill Pay
It took an hour to set up most of the accounts on Bill Pay and we only need around 20 minutes a month to pay bills .
It ’s very easy to maintain .
We took copies of our bills and set them in a pile .
I entered the bill names , addresses , due dates , account numbers , and bill amounts with our bank .
We set some of the bills up to be recurring , such as electric and cable .
You can also set up your quarterly bills , like rental insurance .
If the bill ’s changes from month to month , I can just login and change the amount in a minute or two .
If there ’s a mistake with a paycheck , such as the wrong amount was deposited , I could just sign into the bank ’s site and fix it quickly .
Why Our Budget Works For Us
We feel like proportional deposits are a more fair way to handle the bills for us personally .
We both have some leftover available after paying bills and saving .
We ’re saving for our goals and working together on this .
It also helps that we discussed finances before we got married .
Honestly , it took time to adjust from the ‘ you and I ’ to ‘ us ’ as we went from single to engaged to being married .
We ’re both involved with financial decisions and do our best to work on our goals .
Other Perspectives on Joint Accounts and Budgeting
I find it interesting to see how other handle their finances as a couple .
I ’d like to know how you handle finances as a couple .
At the age of 21 , Sivatharsan Sivakumaravel is preparing to die .
Lying under layers of damp duvets and surrounded by passionate and at times tearful supporters , Mr Sivakumaravel is one of two young Tamil men who have vowed to starve themselves to death outside the Houses of Parliament unless Britain forces the Sri Lankan government to call an immediate ceasefire in its war with Tamil Tiger rebels .
Mr Sivakumaravel should be like any other university fresher , enjoying the carefree existence of a first - year student .
His family fled Sri Lanka eight years ago , settled in Mitcham in Surrey , and have pushed their three sons to earn themselves a university degree and to try to forget about the three decades of conflict that have blighted their homeland .
But instead of studying for upcoming exams , or exploring the town with his new university friends , Mr Sivakumaravel is voluntarily fasting to death .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The computer science student and his Sri Lankan university friend Parameswarn Subramaniyan , 28 , have both been refusing food and water since 10 am on Tuesday in protest at what they say is the international community 's inaction over the ongoing conflict in their homeland .
They have signed statements saying they will refuse any medical assistance until their demands are met and are already in poor health because of dehydration .
Speaking to The Independent from his makeshift bed in Parliament Square a tired and weakening Mr Sivakumaravel said he would continue his hunger strike even if the police or paramedics tried to remove him .
" My mother keeps phoning me , telling me to stop this protest but I will not eat or drink anything until we have a ceasefire , " he said yesterday .
" The world has ignored the Tamil people for too long .
My wish is that we will be the last two Tamil deaths because of this war . "
What began as a spontaneous protest by thousands of Tamils who blockaded Westminster Bridge on Monday evening has since transformed into a solemn night and day demonstration in which two young men have effectively resigned themselves to death .
Their demands are almost impossible to meet .
As well as an immediate ceasefire in Sri Lanka , the two men are asking for the UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon and Gordon Brown to meet them and for Britain to remove the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam from its list of proscribed terrorist organisations .
Downing Street last night had no comment .
It is difficult to tell whether the two men are seriously prepared to die for their cause but a recent spate of publicity suicides among the Tamil disapora shows the community is more than willing to sacrifice themselves .
Last month thousands of Tamils attended the funeral of Murugathasan Varnakulasingham , a 26 - year - old computing graduate from north London , who set himself on fire outside the UN building in Geneva .
A week later another Tamil man tried and failed to self - immolate outside Downing Street .
In India and Malaysia at least six Tamils have set themselves alight in the past two months .
But this latest expression among Britain 's Tamils to sacrifice themselves is now being carried out in the heart of London and raises the astonishing prospect of two men dying on the doorsteps of Parliament .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Subramaniyan , the second hunger striker , was too tired to talk in detail yesterday but he has said six members of his family were recently killed in fighting between the Sri Lankan army and Tamil Tiger rebels .
His claims are impossible to verify because the Sri Lankan government has banned journalists from the war zone .
Mr Sivakumaravel says he has not heard for weeks from his relatives who live in the Vanni area , where thousands of civilians are thought to be trapped .
Because both men have refused to even drink water , medical experts are concerned that their health could rapidly deteriorate .
Yesterday afternoon paramedics tried to persuade them to go to hospital but both men refused .
Last night a spokesperson for London Ambulance Service said they had placed an ambulance on 24 - hour alert .
Three doctors from within the Tamil community , meanwhile , are taking it in turns to monitor the pair .
Inthu Kumarendran , a 44 - year - old doctor who was on the day shift yesterday , said hunger strikers who refuse both food and water can die in as little as 10 days .
" I 'm particularly worried about renal failure , " she said .
" They hardly passed any urine yesterday and they are getting very bad headaches .
Some people may be horrified by what they are doing but in our culture fasting is something that is very much respected .
Tamils have often chosen to starve themselves to death in protest at what is happening . "
Many supporters compared the two men's protest to that of Lieutenant - Colonel Theleepan , a Tamil Tiger commander who is venerated for fasting to death in 1987 .
Although the UK has proscribed the Tamil Tigers as a terrorist organisation because of their indiscriminate targeting of civilians and their pioneering of suicide bombs , the majority of Tamils look upon the Tigers as freedom fighters and see them as the only group that can stop their half of the island being overrun by the Sinhalese .
Many of the chants at this week 's protest have praised Vellupillai Prabhakaran , the leader of the Tamil Tigers .
Earlier in the week police snatch squads tried to confiscate Tamil nationalist flags under the Terrorism Act , a tactic which led to scuffles with the crowd .
But yesterday afternoon it appeared the police were largely content to leave the flags in place .
As more Tamils came from their jobs to gather outside Parliament Square late yesterday , the two hunger strikers expressed concerns that they might be forgotten by Britain 's political elite over the Easter period .
" I do n't know what will happen but I hope they are listening , " said Mr Sivakumaravel , slowly raising a finger to point to Parliament .
" All we are asking is for Britain to begin treating Tamils like human beings .
They must do something , because it seems no one else will . "
Hunger strikes :
Two weeks to live
* A hunger strike where a protester refuses even to drink water can cause medical problems very quickly .
Without carbohydrates the body uses natural stores of glucose , then fatty deposits , and finally muscles , organs and bone marrow .
Without water a protester can die in less than two weeks .
A 5 per cent loss in body fluid can mean irreversible liver damage ; a 10 per cent loss is usually fatal .
A recent statement by the chief of the U.S. Central Command ( CENTCOM ) , Gen .
David Petraeus , that Israel may decide to attack Iranian nuclear sites has been followed by indications of a debate within the Barack Obama administration on whether Israel ’s repeated threats to carry out such a strike should be used to gain leverage in future negotiations with Tehran .
In the latest twist , Vice President Joseph Biden , who has been put in charge of the administration ’s non-proliferation agenda , appeared to reject the idea .
" I do n’t believe that Prime Minister Netanyahu would [ launch a strike ] , " he told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer Tuesday .
" I think he would be ill - advised to do that . "
His remarks suggested that any proposal to exploit the threat of an Israeli attack as part of a " good cop , bad cop " tactic with Iran would run into stiff opposition within the administration , since it would rest on the credibility that the threat was real and that the U.S. would not actively oppose its being carried out .
Petraeus invoked the possibility of an Israeli attack in prepared testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee last Wednesday .
" The Israeli government may ultimately see itself as so threatened by the prospect of an Iranian nuclear weapon that it would take pre-emptive military action to derail or delay it , " he asserted .
In contrast to past statements by U.S. officials on the issue , he added nothing to indicate that Washington would oppose such an attack or was concerned about its consequences .
Moreover , a CENTCOM spokesman later told IPS that Petraeus ’ testimony had been reviewed in advance by the Office of the Secretary of Defense ( OSD ) , suggesting that brandishing of the Israeli threat had the approval of Pentagon chief Robert Gates .
But the Pentagon now appears to be backing away from the Petraeus statement .
In an email message to IPS , Lt. Col .
Mark Wright , an OSD press officer declined to confirm or deny that Petraeus ’s statement had been reviewed by his office .
Wright insisted that it " would be inappropriate to characterize the General ’s view on this from the Pentagon " and referred the question back to CENTCOM .
Gates himself had appeared to go along with Petraeus ’ approach in an interview published in the Financial Times Apr. 1 , in which he implied strongly that Israel would indeed attack Iran if it crossed an Israeli " red line . "
Asked whether Israel would attack Iran , Gates said , " I guess I would say I would be surprised … if [ Israel ] did act this year . "
" I think we have more time than that , " he said , referring to the moment when progress on Iran ’s nuclear - enrichment program might provoke an Israeli attack .
" How much more time I do n’t know .
It is a year , two years , three years .
It is somewhere in that window . "
Within 24 hours , however , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ( JCS ) , Adm .
Michael Mullen , like Biden several days later , reiterated his own publicly stated reservations about any such Israeli action in a meeting with the Wall Street Journal ‘s neoconservative editorial board Apr. 2 .
While conceding that the Israeli leadership " is not going to tolerate " a nuclear Iran and that its military could inflict serious damage on Iran ’s nuclear program , Mullen also warned that such an attack would pose " exceptionally high risks " to U.S. interests in the region , according to a record of the interview quoted to IPS by Mullen ’s office .
In an editorial about the meeting published Monday , the Journal stressed that Mullen understood that Tehran ’s nuclear ambitions were " a matter of ‘ life or death ’ for the Jewish state " and downplayed the threat to the U.S .
Mullen , in fact , has consistently spoken out against an Israeli strike since early July 2008 , when , after returning from consultations with his Israeli counterpart , he publicly warned against an Israeli attack which , he said , in addition to further destabilizing the region , would be " extremely stressful on us… . "
The issue of how to handle the Israeli threat to attack Iran has been made more urgent by the installation of a far - right government led by Likud Party chief Binyamin Netanyahu , who has been particularly hawkish on Tehran and deeply skeptical that Obama ’s diplomatic engagement with Iran will yield acceptable results before Israel ’s " red lines " are crossed .
Israeli officials have called on the U.S. to strictly limit the amount of time it will devote to its diplomatic effort before resorting to punitive measures , a demand echoed by key U.S. lawmakers —
Democrats , as well as Republicans — who are considered close to the so - called " Israel Lobby " here .
Some administration officials had embraced the brandishing of the threat of an Israeli attack on Iran as a means of exerting pressure on Iran even before they joined the Obama administration .
Dennis Ross , who is now " Special Adviser " on Iran to Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton had endorsed an early draft of a report published last month by the Washington Institute for Near East Policy ( WINEP ) — a think tank that often reflects the Israeli government ’s views — which included the statement , " If the international community appears unable to stop Iran ’s nuclear progress , Israel may decide to act unilaterally . "
Both Gary Samore , the new White House coordinator on weapons of mass destruction , and Ashton Carter , now under secretary of defense for acquisition , technology and logistics , expressed support for a diplomatic strategy of exploiting the Israeli military threat to Iran at a forum at Harvard University ’s Kennedy School last September .
Referring to negotiating with Iran on the nuclear issue , Samore said , " My view is that , unless it ’s backed up by a very strong bashing alternative , it probably wo n’t be successful . "
Samore called the threat of such an Israeli attack on Iranian nuclear sites " a good diplomatic instrument " for the United States .
Carter , who is also a non-proliferation specialist , referred to making the Iranians " wonder whether the Israelis are going to do something " as " not an unreasonable game to play . "
But Samore also acknowledged that such a strategy could be dangerous .
" [ W ]e have to be careful when we use that instrument , " he said , " that the Israelis do n’t see that as a green light to go ahead and strike … before we ’re ready to have that actually happen . "
Still , he argued that any new administration would not want to " act in a way that precludes the threat , because we ’re using the threat as a political instrument . "
That danger is particularly acute with Netanyahu ’s accession to power , because he represents Israeli political and military circles that hold most firmly to the idea that Iran ’s enrichment program poses an " existential threat " to Israel , a view reportedly also shared by his defense minister , Labor Party leader Ehud Barak .
According to the New York Times ‘ David Sanger , President George W. Bush last year rejected a request from then - Prime Minister Ehud Olmert for over - flight rights and other support needed to attack Iran .
Mullen was then sent to Israel to personally convey Washington ’s opposition to such an attack .
It was on his return that he made that opposition public .
In the end , Olmert apparently decided against taking any action without a green light from Washington .
But , much as Samore anticipated , the new government is widely regarded as more likely to act unilaterally .
Bush reportedly feared that such a strike would further destabilize Iraq and expose U.S. troops there to retaliation , according to his top Middle East adviser , Elliott Abrams , who has recently argued that the those dangers have since been significantly mitigated .
In the one cautionary quotation that the Journal chose to include in its editorial about Mullen ’s views on a possible Israeli attack on Iran , the JCS chief noted that Tehran ’s ability to retaliate in Iraq " has not maxed out at all . "
( Inter Press Service )
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) -- A Pakistani television station , which has been critical of the government , has been shut down in locations across the country , according to the station 's managing director .
Pakistani journalists at GEO - TV and political party activists protest in Karachi on Saturday .
Government officials have instructed cable operators to remove GEO - TV from the airwaves or push it farther down in the channel order , Azhar Abbas said Saturday .
The channel signal has been blocked in certain areas , but other cable operators are still carrying it .
The channel is functioning and broadcasting in some areas in Pakistan .
The reported media shutdown comes as thousands of demonstrators and lawyers were headed to Islamabad for a four - day " Long March " to demand that the government immediately restore judges the previous president had ousted .
Demonstrators also plan a massive sit-in at the parliament building Monday .
After sweeping into power in parliamentary elections last year , Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) promised to reinstate the judges within 30 days of taking office .
The deadline came and went .
GEO - TV , which is known to have an anti-establishment stance , has criticized the PPP - led government in recent weeks .
The station has aired numerous reports on the recent lawyers ' movement .
The restrictions on local media has also led to the resignation of Pakistan 's Information Minister Sherry Rehman , a high - ranking source in the Ministry of Information told CNN on Saturday .
Rehman handed in her resignation to Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani , the source said .
Repeated phone calls from CNN to the Pakistani government for comment were not returned .
The renewed tensions threaten to take the focus away from the government 's attempts to quash an escalating pro-Taliban insurgency in the country .
At the same time , Pakistan 's economy is in chaos .
The worsening security situation is part of the reason .
Rising food and oil prices have also contributed to the crisis .
In November , the International Monetary Fund approved a $ 7.6 billion loan to Pakistan to help the South Asian country of 170 million people avoid an economic collapse .
Many in Pakistan worry that the latest turmoil could once again force the army on to the streets if it worsens .
In its 61 - year history , Pakistan has been under army rule more than half the time .
For now , Gen. Ashfaq Kayani has said he will not interfere in political matters .
CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .
All About Pakistan
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " I made some improvements to your drawings and sent them for fabrication . "
Dilbert says , " Gaaa ! ! ! "
The boss says , " But do n't worry - I left your name on them so you 'll get all of the credit . "
Dilbert says , " Waaaa ! ! ! "
The boss says , " You do n't handle good news very well . "
Dilbert says , " Shoot me !
Shoot me !
Shoot me ! "
Xen : finishing the job
This article brought to you by LWN subscribers Subscribers to LWN .
net made this article — and everything that surrounds it — possible .
If you appreciate our content , please buy a subscription and make the next set of articles possible .
Once upon a time , Xen was the hot virtualization story .
The Xen developers had a working solution for Linux - using free software - well ahead of anybody else , and Xen looked like the future of virtualization on Linux .
Much venture capital chased after that story , and distributors raced to be the first to offer Xen - based virtualization .
But , along the way , Xen seemed to get lost .
The XenSource developers often showed little interest in getting their code into the mainline , and attempts by others to get that job done ran into no end of obstacles .
So Xen stayed out of the mainline for years ; the first public Xen release happened in 2003 , but the core Xen code was only merged for 2.6.23 in October , 2007 .
In the mean time , KVM showed up and grabbed much of the attention .
Its path into the mainline was almost blindingly fast , and many kernel developers were less than shy about expressing their preference for the KVM approach .
More recently , Red Hat has made things more formal with its announcement of a " virtualization agenda " based on KVM .
Meanwhile , lguest showed up as an easy introduction for those who want to play with virtualization code .
The Xen story is a classic example of the reasons behind the " upstream first " policy , which states that code should be merged into the mainline before being shipped to customers .
Distributors rushed to ship Xen , then found themselves supporting out - of - tree code which , often , was not well supported by its creators .
In particular , published releases of Xen often only supported relatively old kernels , creating lots of work for distributors wanting to ship something more current .
Now at least some of those distributors are moving on to other solutions , and high - level kernel developers are questioning whether , at this point , it 's worth merging the remaining Xen code at all .
All told , Xen looks to be on its last legs .
Or , perhaps , the rumors of Xen 's demise have been slightly exaggerated .
The code in the mainline implements the Xen " DomU " concept - an unprivileged domain with no access to the hardware .
A full Xen implementation requires more than that , though ; there is the user - space hypervisor ( which is GPL - licensed ) and the kernel - based " Dom0 " code .
Dom0 is the first domain started by the hypervisor ; it is typically run with more privileges than any other Xen guest .
The purpose of Dom0 is to carefully hand out privileges to other Xen domains , providing access to hardware , network interfaces , etc. as set by administrative policy .
Actual implementations of Xen must include the Dom0 code - currently a large body of out - of - tree kernel code .
Jeremy Fitzhardinge would like to change that situation .
So he has posted a core Xen Dom0 patch set with the goal of getting it merged into the 2.6.30 release .
Among the review comments was this question from Andrew Morton :
I hate to be the one to say it , but we should sit down and work out whether it is justifiable to merge any of this into Linux .
I think it 's still the case that the Xen technology is the " old " way and that the world is moving off in the " new " direction , KVM ?
In three years time , will we regret having merged this ?
The questions asked by Andrew were , essentially , ( 1 ) what code ( beyond the current posting ) is required to finish the job , and ( 2 ) is there really any reason to do that ?
The answer to the first question was " another 2 - 3 similarly sized series to get everything so that you can boot dom0 out of the box . "
Then there are various other bits which may not ever make it into the mainline .
But , says Jeremy , getting the core into the mainline would shrink the out - of - tree patches carried by distributors and generally make life easier for everybody .
For the second question , Jeremy responds :
Despite all the noise made about kvm in kernel circles , Xen has a large and growing installed base .
At the moment its all running on massive out - of - tree patches , which does n't make anyone happy .
It 's best that it be in the mainline kernel .
You know , like we argue for everything else .
Beyond that , Jeremy is arguing that Xen still has a reason to exist .
Its design differs significantly from that of KVM in a number of ways ; see this message for an excellent description of those differences .
As a result , Xen is useful in different situations .
Some of the advantages claimed by Jeremy include :
Xen 's approach to page tables eliminates the need for shadow page tables or page table nesting in the guests ; that , in turn , allows for significantly better performance for many workloads .
The Xen hypervisor is lightweight , and can be run standalone ; the KVM hypervisor is , instead , the Linux kernel .
It seems that some vendors ( HP and Dell are named ) are shipping a Xen hypervisor in the firmware of many of their systems ; that 's the code behind the " instant on " feature , among other things .
Xen 's paravirtualization support allows it to work with hardware which does not support full virtualization .
KVM , instead , needs hardware support .
The separation between the hypervisor , Dom0 , and DomU makes security validation easier .
The separation between domains also allows for wild configurations with each device being driven by a separate domain ; one might think of this kind of thing as a sort of heavyweight microkernel architecture .
KVM 's advantages , instead , take the form of relative simplicity , ease of use , full access to contemporary kernel features , etc .
By Jeremy 's reasoning , there is a place for both systems in Linux .
The relative silence at the end of the discussion suggests that Jeremy has made his case fairly well .
Mistakes may have been made in Xen 's history , but it is a project which remains alive , and which has clear reasons to exist .
Your editor predicts that the Dom0 code will find little opposition at the opening of the 2.6.30 merge window .
This week we want to see your best animal photo .
Whether they be furry , feathery or freaky , we want to see what the animal kingdom has to offer .
Use the Reddit widget below to submit your best animal photo and vote for your favorite among the other submissions .
The 10 highest - ranked photos will appear in a gallery on the Wired.com homepage .
Show us giraffes walking down city streets , panda bears with parasols , arctic sled dogs , swarms of squirrels and cheeky monkeys .
Sure , pets are cute and we love ours too , but show us something we 've never seen .
If you do , we 'll give you a treat ...
The photo must be your own , and by submitting it you are giving us permission to use it on Wired.com and in Wired magazine .
Please submit images that are relatively large , the ideal size being 800 to 1200 pixels or larger on the longest side .
Please include a description of your photo , which may include exposure information , equipment used , etc .
We do n't host the photos , so you 'll have to upload it somewhere else and submit a link to it .
If you 're using Flickr , Picasa or another photo - sharing site to host your image , please provide a link to the image directly and not just to the photo page where it 's displayed .
Using an online photo service that requires that you log in will not work .
If your photo does n't show up , it 's because the URL you have entered is incorrect .
Check it and make sure it ends with the image file name ( XXXXXX.jpg ) .
Please bookmark this page and check back periodically over the next two weeks to vote on new submissions !
Also , check out the winner 's galleries from our previous contests :
Fall , Holga , Red , Self - Portrait , Night , Macro , Transportation , and Black and White .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
April 1 , 2009
It looks like the agents provocateurs — otherwise known as anarchists — are having their way in London as the G20 commences .
From a blog covering the protests posted at the Guardian :
The “ hardcore ” protesters have broken through police lines and have made their way to an unboarded HSBC branch on Queen Victoria Street , says Guardian reporter Paul Lewis .
An anarchist flag has been raised on an office block opposite the branch , he adds .
The Press Association reported a fight on the same street between two men — one wearing a suit — which was broken up by police .
Smashing up banks and beating up guys in suits will do nothing to stop the bankers from looting the wealth of billions of people and engineering the collapse of the world economy in order to usher in their world “ super - currency ” and world government .
As the photo here shows , the “ anarchists ” are grist for the corporate media .
One lone “ anarchist ” takes out a bank window while dozens of cameras whirl and click to catch the action .
It ’s all an orchestrated sideshow to the G20 criminal confab designed to discredit legitimate protests .
There is little coverage of the actual protesters as the corporate media rushes to photograph agents provocateurs smashing windows at the Royal Bank of Scotland .
The Guardian comments on the fact the “ anarchists ” and the corporate media are working with the state in order to discredit legitimate protest :
On Twitter , Snufkin21 says Stop the War protesters booed the media present “ for hyping up the G20 violence ” .
The huge media presence has been criticized by a number of people on Twitter who believe it ’s encouraged extreme elements to “ play to the gallery ” .
George Monbiot offers a blog entry on the cops and their “ force majeure ” at the summit :
The trouble - makers are out in force again .
Dressed in black , their faces partly obscured , some of them appear to be interested only in violent confrontation .
It ’s almost as if they are deliberately raising the temperature , pushing and pushing until a fight kicks off .
But this is n’t some disorganized rabble : these people were bussed in and are plainly acting in concert .
There ’s another dead giveaway .
They are all wearing the same slogan : Police .
The cops “ have a powerful interest in exaggerating threats and , perhaps , an interest in ensuring that sometimes these threats materialize , ” writes Monbiot .
“ This could explain what I ’ve seen at one protest after another , where peaceful demonstrations turn into ugly rucks only when the police attack .
The wildly disproportionate and unnecessary violence I ’ve sometimes seen the police deploy could scarcely be better designed to provoke a reaction . ”
[ efoods ]
This “ powerful interest in exaggerating threats ” serves the bankers and their minions now gathered in London .
It is critical they completely discredit the opposition and have their handmaiden media tool portray the legitimate opposition as crazed and violent anarchists .
It is basically a “ strategy of tension ” of the sort used by the Italian Gladio operation , designed to blame murderous violence on leftists .
In Italy , this strategy worked like a charm as large numbers of Italians fell for the bait and blamed socialists and communists for the violence .
The staged violence will give the British state an excuse to further limit civil liberties and arrest activists , especially now as sincere and legitimate demonstrators and activists are beginning to organize in opposition to the largest and most audacious bankster rip - off in recorded history .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
President Obama has nominated Kathleen Merrigan for deputy secretary of agriculture , the number two post at the Department of Agriculture .
Merrigan , an assistant professor and the Director of the Agriculture , Food and Environment Program at Tufts University , helped develop the USDA ’s rules on organic food during the Clinton administration .
Merrigan has been hailed by sustainable agriculture advocates , like the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition ; however , Senate Republicans are concerned with her organic ties .
Last week during a confirmation hearing before the Senate Agriculture Committee , Merrigan defended her agricultural record :
I see ( deputy secretary ) as a great opportunity to represent all kinds of agriculture .
Organic is a small slice of the pie .
I ’ve always been a provocateur .
That ’s part of my personality .
Senator Saxby Chambliss , the leading Republican on the Senate Agriculture Committee , expressed his concerns with Merrigan ’s organic associations :
I do have some concerns that in promoting your passion for organic production and sustainable agriculture that you tear down other types of agricultural production for those with different points of view .
Please keep a special place in your heart for organic production … but also other types of productions which give farmers more options .
In 2006 , Chambliss raised $ 287,000 from the farm sector .
Obama ’s nominee shows his commitment to sustainable agriculture ; Senate Republican concerns show their commitment to corporate agribusiness .
Consider the farm lobby ’s efforts to maintain subsidies , which total $ 13 billion dollars a year .
Bread of the World reports :
The 2002 farm bill tab was one of the most expensive ever , with a yearly payout that roughly totaled what the federal government appropriates annually for the Education Department .
Today , farmers make up less than 1 % of the U.S. population , and agriculture production is dominated by large , industrial farms that have annual sales of $ 1 million or more .
In 2006 , average farm household income was $ 77,654 , or about 17 % more than average U.S. household income , according to the Department of Agriculture .
Average farm household income is expected to be about $ 90,000 this year .
Current law allows subsidies to farmers with annual adjusted gross income of as much as $ 2.5 million .
In fact , farm subsidies have been dubbed the “ largest corporate welfare program “ .
Farm subsidies are designed for agribusiness , and that is what worries Senate Republicans with Merrigan ’s nomination .
Senator Tom Harkin , chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee , has expressed his support of Merrigan :
She has demonstrated a commitment to the needs of agriculture and rural communities , promoting sound conservation and the benefits of healthy foods and good nutrition .
Is n’t that what we want from the USDA : Nutrition and conservation over corporate handouts to agribusiness ?
Image : newagecrap on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Desde diversos cargos públicos , El Cede se acercó al crimen
[ email protected ]
En poco más de tres años , Rafael Cedeño Hernández , El Cede , pasó de agente del Ministerio Público en Michoacán a ideólogo de La Familia y brazo derecho de uno de los líderes de esa organización , Nazario Moreno Hernández , El Chayo o El Loco , quien comparte el liderazgo del grupo con Jesús El Chango Méndez .
El Cede , capturado el sábado pasado en Morelia , Michoacán , cuando celebraba el bautizo de su nieta , es licenciado en Derecho , como lo acredita la cédula profesional número 3465529 .
Irónicamente , el ejercicio de su profesión lo llevó a cambiar de bando y vincularse con una de las organizaciones más violentas del país , que mezcla el cultivo y tráfico de drogas , decapitaciones , extorsiones y prostitución con una particular doctrina basada en " valores y principios éticos " .
El " pastor " de esta singular " doctrina " , que no pertenece a una denominación religiosa específica , es El Chayo , quien abrió las puertas de la organización a El Cede , uno de sus discípulos más destacados , explica a EL UNIVERSAL el comisionado de la Policía Federal , Rodrigo Esparza Cristerna .
" Este hombre llega a la organización criminal derivado de sus relaciones sociales : trabajo en la Procuraduría de Michoacán hace algunos años y de ahí se fue relacionando con bandas regionales de distribución y trasiego de drogas , hasta formar parte de La Familia michoacana , a través de Nazario , El Chayo , y de José de Jesús , El Chango Méndez .
De acuerdo con la información de inteligencia obtenida en torno a La Familia , Nazario Moreno y José de Jesús Méndez están convencidos de que tienen que adoctrinar a la gente para proteger el territorio michoacano , y Cedeño Hernández fue elegido para cumplir esa tarea antes de ser ascendido por El Chayo al puesto de jefe de plaza .
" Ellos supuestamente buscan que la gente no consuma droga , lo que a todas luces es una paradoja , ya que ellos cultivan , distribuyen y comercializan mariguana , y también amapola del vecino estado de Guerrero , y son un importante vínculo para el trasiego de drogas hacia Michoacán " , comenta el comisionado de la Policía Federal ( PF ) .
De 47 años de edad , El Cede tenía a su cargo , además del adoctrinamiento , la recepción y distribución de droga , el cobro de derecho de piso a los giros negros y el control de éstos , promovía la prostitución entre estudiantes de secundaria y preparatoria , y el control de los grupos de sicarios al servicio de La Familia .
Su estrecha relación con El Chayo le permitió ascender rápidamente en la estructura de mando de la organización , al tiempo que conservaba como " fachada " una imagen de activista con su participación en la organización no gubernamental Comisión Estatal de Derechos Humanos de Michoacán , para la que hacía tareas de representante y observador permanente .
Coolerado Shows Off Solar - Powered Air Conditioner
February 27th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
I had the chance to take a look at a Coolerado air - conditioning unit this past August at the West Coast Green Conference .
At the time , the company was showing off an energy - efficient model that uses thermodynamics to cool outside air without chemical refrigerants .
Now Coolerado has added another element to its air conditioners : solar power .
According to Coolerado , any solar contractor can easily work with installers in the company ’s network to add solar photovoltaic systems to air conditioning units .
A demonstration solar - powered Coolerado air - conditioner is on display now at RETECH 2009 in Las Vegas .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/GMP0BiAt-yU&hl=en&fs=1]
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
World of Goo co-creator Ron Carmel reckons protecting PC games with DRM software is a waste of time and money .
" Do n't bother with DRM , it 's a waste of time , " said Carmel during a GDC keynote , reported by GameSpot .
" You just end up giving the DRM provider money .
" Anything that is of interest gets cracked , and the cracked version ends up having a better user experience than the legit version because you do n't have to input in some 32 - character serial number .
" Anybody who wants the game is likely to find it on BitTorrent sites , " he added .
" It 's going to get cracked even with DRM , it 's going to be available very quickly , so we do n't see the point in having DRM . "
Carmel , one half of developer 2D Boy , went on to say there was no difference between piracy figures for World of Goo and other PC titles .
2D Boy told us last November that 90 per cent of people playing World of Goo had pirated the title .
And Carmel was equally weary about the necessity of publishers for independent games .
" Do n't do it , " he stated .
" Retail distribution - which is what publishers are good at - does n't generate many sales for indie games .
Go with digital distribution , you wo n't need a publisher for this .
Self - fund your game , and when you get to retail , go for per-country flat - fee deals . "
World of Goo now deservedly enjoys a healthy following and makes money .
Pop into our World of Goo review to see what all the fuss is about .
For the past six years , New Zealand has treated prostitution as a normal business .
Brothels operate legally , and sex workers are subject to ordinary employment and health and safety rules .
Some European governments , by contrast , have chosen to restrict the trade .
Sex workers are calling for New Zealand - style liberalisation , but as Henri Astier reports in the second of two articles , they stand little chance of being heard .
Even the liberal Dutch want to clamp down on the sex industry When Norway criminalised the purchase of sex services in January , it took its cue from next - door Sweden , which pioneered the policy in 1999 , rather than far - off New Zealand .
Wholesale decriminalisation may work in a South Pacific island nation , but the suggestion that it could work on a continent where ruthless gangs move all too freely strikes many as fanciful .
" New Zealand might be different because it is so isolated , " says Anna Narit of the Nadheim Women 's Centre , a church - run shelter in Oslo that looks after prostitutes rescued from traffickers and criminals .
" We have a lot of migration in Europe , and the borders are open , " she says , defending Norway 's new law under which those caught paying for prostitutes can face a heavy fine or six months in prison .
The idea behind the approach is not to target prostitutes , who are regarded as victims , but to empower them .
Clamping down on demand for their services is expected to weaken the hold of those preying on them .
Big lie ?
The same rationale applies to a bill making its way through the British parliament , which will make it a crime to pay for sex with someone " forced into prostitution " or " controlled for another 's gain " .
2003 NZ PROSTITUTION REFORM
Brothels allowed to operate
Up to four prostitutes can set up collective as equal partners Advertising sale of sex legalised Brothels require certificate and registration by court Sex work subject to normal employment and health and safety standards
Selling sex legally in New Zealand Supporters of the legislation argue that trafficking and other forms of coercion are rife in the sex industry .
" Something like 80 % of women in prostitution are controlled by their drug dealer , their pimp , or their trafficker , " MP Fiona Mactaggart told the BBC in November .
Another Labour politician , Denis MacShane , estimated in 2007 that there were as many as 25,000 sex slaves in Britain .
However those speaking for sex workers dispute the figures , and believe that their rights and safety would be better protected through liberalisation rather than further repression .
" We think the New Zealand law should serve as a model for the rest of the world , " Cari Mitchell of the English Collective of Prostitutes told the BBC News website .
She calls the proposed legislation for England and Wales a " moral crusade " , and says the popular picture of an industry dominated by criminals holding girls in virtual bondage is " a big lie " .
Murky numbers
The numbers surrounding trafficking have long been a matter of controversy .
This is partly due to the lack of a clear , agreed definition .
An estimated 80 % of sex workers in London are foreign Most people think of " trafficked women " as girls lured abroad under false pretences and forced by violent men to work off some fictitious debt .
However police reports often use the term to refer to illegal migrants .
The Poppy Project , a British group that has carried out research into prostitution , has estimated that 80 % of women working in brothels in London are foreign .
The report does not use the word " trafficking " , but according to Julia O'Connell Davidson of the University of Nottingham , advocates quoting the report have used the term , contributing to public confusion .
" People understand it as meaning that 80 % of sex workers have been brought in at the barrel of a gun and locked into buildings , which is not the case , " she told the BBC news website .
No one knows how many prostitutes in Britain work under duress , but police raids carried out in more than 1,300 brothels nationwide in 2006 and 2007 suggest the numbers are not as high as many fear .
About 250 of the women rescued were said to have been victims of trafficking , police said .
NO SEX PLEASE
Sweden : Paying for sex made outlawed in 1999 Norway : Buying sex outlawed in January 2009 England and Wales : MPs considering ban on purchase of sex from " controlled women " Netherlands :
Ban on buying sex from trafficked people proposed by Cabinet
The total number of people picked up is not known , but assuming an average of four prostitutes per establishment - a figure commonly used by support groups - this suggests that less than 5 % meet the police definition of " trafficked " .
The number is no doubt disturbing , but a far cry from the most alarming figures .
That proportion , incidentally , is not much more than the 4 % share of New Zealand prostitutes which a 2008 parliamentary report estimated were being kept by force .
The prostitution industries of both Europe and the South Pacific may not be poles apart after all .
Both the New Zealand Prostitutes Collective and European organisations representing sex workers argue that the overwhelming majority of women in the industry have made a conscious choice , and that Swedish - type laws are addressing a largely non-existent problem .
Effective lobbying Liv Jessen of Pro Sentret , a Norwegian support group for prostitutes , contends that the rationale for Norway 's new law is spurious , because trafficking is already punishable by 10 years in jail .
It 's a bit like judging the state of heterosexual relationships in Britain today by talking just to people who work in domestic violence units
Julia O'Connell Davidson
She says the most notable effect of the legislation is that it has made sex workers feel more vulnerable , as they view police as hostile .
Ms Jessen says it would have been " fairer and more honest " to ban prostitution outright .
" The women would have a better status as criminals than as victims harassed by police for their own good . "
Neither did sex workers in neighbouring Sweden support the 1999 ban on buying sex .
Sans , a network of Swedish prostitutes ' groups , was opposed to it and is calling for New Zealand - style decriminalisation .
Why is there such a discrepancy between what so many people across Europe assume about the sex trade and testimony from within the industry ?
According to Julia O'Connell Davidson , public perception is heavily influenced by organisations that support those prostitutes who have had abusive experiences .
The cases are real and these groups play an important role , but they deal with extreme situations .
The sex industry as a whole should not be judged on the basis of their advocacy , Ms O'Connell Davidson argues .
" It 's a bit like judging the state of heterosexual relationships in Britain today by talking just to people who work in domestic violence units . "
Deaf ears Effective lobbying by anti-prostitution groups and the revulsion caused by human traffickers mean that calls for New Zealand - style liberalisation are falling on deaf ears in Europe .
Lots of trafficked women knew they were going to work as sex workers
Sietske Altink
De Rode Draad , Amsterdam Nordic - style prohibition is gaining recruits even in the liberal Netherlands , which legalised brothels in 2000 .
Many Dutch politicians point to evidence that the reform has failed to sever links between prostitution and crime .
As a result parliament is considering a government plan to ban the purchase of sex from trafficked women .
Sietske Altink of De Rode Draad ( Red Thread ) , an advocacy group for Dutch prostitutes , says such a clampdown is unwarranted .
Trafficking may be rife , she concedes , but it does not mean coercion is .
" Lots of trafficked women knew they were going to work as sex workers , " she says .
In the Netherlands , Ms Altink notes , prostitutes are also strongly opposed to criminalising punters but few politicians are interested in their views .
" It 's very curious they do n't want to listen to the people they make the laws for , " she says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AMD clarified with press late last week about the immediate future of its line of Radeon HD graphics products , particularly the HD 4870 X2 .
According to AMD , its partners are now being selected and prepped for validation of its next major part , the HD 4890 X2 .
According to reports , the new card will have both GPUs running at least at 1 GHz core clock speed .
Depending on the SKU , customers should be seeing 2 GB and 4 GB cards .
The specs are not fully confirmed yet , but we 'll let you know when we hear anything different .
Previously , AMD stated that there was n't a real market need for something beyond the HD 4870 X2 , since AMD thoroughly felt that its top of the line offering was already leading the competition .
Also , as AMD 's ultra high - end commands a significant price premium over , the target customer group is relatively small .
As of now , Nvidia 's GeForce GTX 295 , a dual - GPU product , remains the cream of the crop for Nvidia .
With the pending release of AMD's Radeon HD 4890 X2 , a follow - up from Nvidia can surely be expected .
More to come .
Court of Record
COMMENTARY
This writer concludes , from the definitions below , that a court of record is a court which must meet the following criteria : 1 . power to fine or imprison for contempt 2 . keeps a record of the proceedings 3 . proceeding according to the common law ( not statutes or codes ) 4 . the tribunal is independent of the magistrate ( judge ) 5 . generally has a seal ( optional )
Note that a judge is a magistrate and is not the tribunal .
The tribunal is either the sovereign himself , or a fully empowered jury ( not paid by the government )
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Black's Law Dictionary , 4th Ed. , 425 , 426 COURT .
...
INTERNATIONAL LAW
The person and suite of the sovereign ; the place where the sovereign sojourns with his regal retinue , wherever that may be .
....
CLASSIFICATION
Courts may be classified and divided according to several methods , the following being the more usual : COURTS OF RECORD and COURTS NOT OF RECORD .
The former being those whose acts and judicial proceedings are enrolled , or recorded , for a perpetual memory and testimony , and which have power to fine or imprison for contempt .
Error lies to their judgments , and they generally possess a seal .
Courts not of record are those of inferior dignity , which have no power to fine or imprison , and in which the proceedings are not enrolled or recorded .
3 Bl. Comm. 24 ; 3 Steph . Comm .
383 ; The Thomas Fletcher , C.C.Ga. , 24 F. 481 ; Ex parte Thistleton , 52 Cal 225 ; Erwin v. U.S. , D.C.Ga. , 37 F. 488 , 2 L.R.A. 229 ; Heininger v. Davis , 96 Ohio St. 205 , 117 N.E. 229 , 231 . A " court of record " is a judicial tribunal having attributes and exercising functions independently of the person of the magistrate designated generally to hold it , and proceeding according to the course of common law , its acts and proceedings being enrolled for a perpetual memorial .
Jones v. Jones , 188 Mo.App. 220 , 175 S.W. 227 , 229 ; Ex parte Gladhill , 8 Metc. Mass. , 171 , per Shaw , C.J. See , also , Ledwith v. Rosalsky , 244 N.Y.
406 , 155 N.E. 688 , 689 . ....
-----------------------------------------------------------------
See 7 Cal Jur 571 for more info about courts of record 7 California Jurisprudence , Bancroft Whitney ( 1922 ) , Page 580 - 581 Courts of Record .-- Courts are divided generally into courts of record and those that are not of record .
A court of record is a judidical tribunal having attributes and exercising functions independently of the person designated generally to hold it , and proceeding according to the course of the common law .
4
In a court of record the acts and judicial proceedings are enrolled , whereas , in courts not of record , the proceedings are not enrolled .
The privilege of having these enrolled memorials constitutes the great leading distinction between courts of record and courts not of record .
5 4 . Ex parte Thistleton , 52 Cal. 220 .
As to what are " courts of common - law jurisdiction " within the meaning of the federal naturalization act , see Alienage and Citizenship , Vol. 1 , p. 911 .
5 . Hahn v. Kelly , 34 Cal. 391 , 94 Am. Dec. 742 , per Sawyer , J. , concurring .
See infra , §§ 26 - 28 , as to records .
Under the constitutional revision of 1863 , the district , county and probate courts were also courts of record .
Caulfield v. stevens , 28 Cal. 118 .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Webster 's New Practical Dictionary , 386 ( 1953 ) G. & C. Merriam Co. , Springfield , Mass .
MAGISTRATE
A person holding official power in a government ; as : a The official of highest rank in a government ( chief , or first , magistrate ) .
b
An official of a class having summary , often criminal , jurisdiction .
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Merriam - Webster On - Line Dictionary MAGISTRATE an official entrusted with administration of the laws
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Black's Law Dictionary , 4th Ed. , 1103 MAGISTRATE
Person clothed with power as a public civil officer .
State ex rel .
Miller v. McLeod , 142 Fla. 254 , 194 So. 628 , 630 .
A public officer belonging to the civil organization of the state , and invested with powers and functions which may be either judicial , legislative , or executive .
But the term is commonly used in a narrower sense , designating , in England , a person intrusted with the commission of the peace , and , in America , one of the class of inferior judicial officers , such as justices of the peace and police justices .
Martin v. State , 32 Ark. 124 ; Ex parte
White , 15 Nev. 146 , 37 Am. Rep. 466 ; State v. Allen , 83 Fla. 655 , 92 So. 155 , 156 ; Merritt v. Merritt , 193 Iowa 899 , 188 N.W. 32 , 34 . ....
The word " magistrate " does not necessarily imply an officer exercising any judicial functions , and might very well be held to embrace notaries and commissioners of deeds .
Schultz v. Merchants ' Ins. Co. , 57 Mo. 336 .
-----------------------------------------------------------------
California Penal Code 7 . Words and phrases ....
The following words have in this code the signification attached to them in this section , unless otherwise apparent from the context : ....
9 . The word " magistrate " signifies any one of the officers mentioned in Section 808 .
.... 807 . Magistrate defined .
A magistrate is an officer having power to issue a warrant for the arrest of a person charged with a public offense .
( Enacted 1872 . ) 808 .
Persons designated as magistrates
The following persons are magistrates : 1 . The judges of the Supreme Court 2 .
The judges of the courts of appeal .
3 . The judges of the superior courts .
4 . The judges of the municipal courts .
5 . The judges of the justice courts .
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Black's Law Dictionary , 4th Ed. , 1602 , 1603 SUIT Old English Law
The witnesses or followers of the plaintiff .
3 Bl. Comm .
295 . See Secta .
Modern Law
A generic term , of comprehensive signification , and applies to any proceeding by one person or persons against another or others in a court of justice in which the plaintiff pursues , in such court , the remedy which the law affords him for the redress of an injury or the enforcement of a right , whether at law or in equity .
See Kohl v. U.S. , 91 U.S. 375 , 23 L.Ed. 449 ; Weston v. Charleston , 2 Pet. 464 , 7 L.Ed .
481 ; Syracuse Plaster Co. v. Agostini Bros. Bldg. Corporation , 169 Misc. 564 7 N.Y.S.2d 897 .
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Black's Law Dictionary , 4th Ed. , 1677 TRIBUNAL
The seat of a judge ; the place where he administers justice .
The whole body of judges who compose a jurisdiction ; a judicial court ; the jurisdiction which the judges exercise .
See Foster v. Worcester , 16 Pick . ( Mass . ) 81 .
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Webster 's New Practical Dictionary , 707 ( 1953 ) G. & C. Merriam Co. , Springfield , Mass .
TRIBUNE 1 . In ancient Rome , a magistrate whose special function was to protect the interests of plebeian citizens from the patricians .
2 . Any defender of the people .
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Merriam - Webster On - Line Dictionary COURT
1 . the residence of a sovereign or similar dignitary 2 : a sovereign and his officials and advisers as a governing power 3 : an assembly of the retinue of a sovereign 4 : an open space enclosed by a building or buildings 5 : a space walled or marked off for playing a game ( as tennis or basketball ) 6 : the place where justice is administered ; also : a judicial body or a meeting of a judicial body
NEW PORT RICHEY , Fla . 
How long will Patrick Schuster ’s luck last ?
It is a question his mother , Sharon , has worried about since well before Schuster , a senior at Mitchell High School near Tampa , pitched the first of his four consecutive no-hitters on April 3 .
There is so much that is out of the left - handed Schuster ’s control , even though he has a despot ’s command of his pitches .
It is never far from his mind that on any given day  maybe even Tuesday , when the Mitchell Mustangs open the 6A playoffs  an opponent , in desperation , can poke his aluminum bat at one of Schuster ’s 90 - mile - an - hour fastballs and snap the streak with a ping heard ’ round Pasco County .
Schuster , 18 , has struck out 60 during his state - record string of no-hitters .
In addition to his fastball , he has a nasty slider and curve , each of which he trusts enough to throw on 3 - 2 counts .
With his gangly frame and gossamer goatee , Schuster calls to mind the Shaggy character in the “ Scooby - Doo ” cartoons .
He turns into a pit bull on the mound , chasing hitters off the plate like his favorite major leaguer , the Tampa Bay Rays left - hander Scott Kazmir , whose aggressiveness Schuster admires .
The Natural Resources Defense Council embarrassed the coal industry last week by acquiring and distributing video of Don Blankenship , CEO of number - four U.S. coal producer Massey Energy , proudly professing his continued denial that climate change is real .
Now multimedia producer Jay Golden and environmental media firm SustainLane have released video that ’s considerably more entertaining and , thus , potentially far more damaging : a high - energy , Scooby Doo-esque production called “ Turn It Up Day ” from their savvy Gorilla in the Greenhouse cartoon series :
Vodpod videos no longer available .
I heartily endorse the review by online videobiz blog NewTeeVee , which calls Gorilla in the Greenhouse “ genuinely entertaining and informative ” :
Green gorilla KJ is an enigmatic environmental savant , telling the future through riddles that the kids who share his greenhouse must solve in order to ward off threats to the planet .
( And in their spare time , they have a rock band .
Of course . )
In the 7 - minute episode released last week , the Green Gorillas gang exposes the blend of complacency and deception that allows our civilization to literally chew through mountains in search of the coal that fuels half of U.S. electricity production .
With sage advice from KJ and a little follow - the - wire detective work , the kids trace the cause - and - effect connections between their own profligate energy use , the ‘ turn it up ’ hype embedded in popular media , and mountaintop removal mining .
As NewTeeVee put ’s it , the Green Gorillas ’ 2nd episode “ fires on all cylinders ” :
It teaches complex issues in a digestible way ; it shows the characters taking practical action ; and it even goes a little deeper , teaching kids to not buy into the hype about something just because it calls itself green , but to really learn about what ’s going on behind the scenes .
My favorite character is the talking worm that plays the coal baron , Wormulus , who delivers several crucial Seussian rhymatribes .
His malicious gloating opens the show : “ My Wormulator chops the rocks , making loads of watts per hour .
So They get their precious energy , but it ’s Me who gets the power ! ”
Later his willful deception is exposed in this dialogue with Dr. Morlon Hufflebot , whose brain Wormulus inhabits : “ Our robot tears at the Earth as fast as it can , ” says Hufflebot .
“ It ’s a cause and effect they do n’t understand , ” says Wormulus .
Kentucky author , poet and social critic Wendell Berry noted how hard it is for people to connect power use and coal mining when he spoke at the Society of Environmental Journalists ’ conference in Roanoke , VA this fall .
He also told a poignant Christmas tale of direct action that helped me make the connection .
Recalling a holiday season advertisement years ago by the coal industry with the message , “ We dig coal to light your tree , ” Berry said he never again allowed an electrified Christmas tree in his home .
The tale struck a nerve : I ’ve been avoiding escalators ever since .
AND NOW A NOTE FROM OUR SPONSOR :
The 800 - pound savant in Gorilla in the Greenhouse , KJ , is in no way related to the Green Gorilla power spray system , highlighted last week as a “ special gift for the gardener in your life ” by Canada ’s Financial Post .
That Green Gorilla puts an end to hand pumping garden sprays thanks to its rechargable lithium ion-powered pressurizer .
“ No more sore arms and sore backs , ” assures the Post .
It ’s a steal at C$ 71.95 !
( Solar charging kit not included . )
Or buy direct and get the dual - tank bundle for just US $ 94.99 !
( With separate tanks for your herbicides and insecticides you ’ll “ never cross contaminate again ” ! )
Season ’s Greenings from Carbon - Nation !
: : : : : : : : : :
This post was created for Energywise , IEEE Spectrum ’s blog on green power , cars and climate
Visit the new blog at utopiaorbust.wordpress.com .
It has all the archived posts from Hyperborea , and new stuff !
There ’s a movement happening around you that you may not see .
Every day , people are leaving their jobs , not because they got laid off but because they ’re tired of working under the economic model they ’ve been given .
More and more people are seeing that we ’ve reached a point in history at which we as individuals can prosper without being a cog in the corporate , academic , or government machines .
Many of us have rediscovered entrepreneurialism and are returning business to what it has been throughout human history .
And we ’re finding that business as usual is not business as usual .
Back to Business
I ’ve been discussing this idea with some pioneers of this movement for some time now .
The particular pioneers in question have been the type of people who not only pave their own way , but also take the time to turn around and show others how to follow their own path .
This conversation has included Jonathan Mead , the brilliant people on the Beyond Productivity calls , Naomi Dunford , Mark Silver , Steve Spalding , Jonathan Fields , Chris Guillebeau , Pam Slim , and Clay Collins .
It started before Tim Ferris became well known , but he made the discussion a national meme .
Each of these pioneers is looking at the phenomenon from a different perspective and is helping people in different ways .
But what most of us are saying is that the economic options available through the Internet are allowing one person or smallish teams of people to create products and sell them , one at a time , to potentially millions of people ( one person at a time ) .
We do n’t need Wal - Mart ’s help , and frankly , we should n’t want to be Wal - Mart .
Think about what this means for a second .
Rather than buying unremarkable products from faceless corporations , you can buy products made by individuals for individuals .
Every purchase you make helps a particular family put food on the table , and the products you get are n’t made for everybody ; they ’re made for you .
This type of economic interchange is much closer to the type of interchange that has been a part of the human experience for millennia .
The town baker had a vested interest in making good bread ( and the right type of bread ) because if he made crappy bread , he had to live with the sneers of his neighbors .
But his neighbors had to support him because if they did n’t , somebody else would have to bake bread , and they might not do it as well as Baker John did .
The relationship was reciprocal .
You ’ll be familiar with this type of thinking , though you ’ve seen it in a different form .
The “ Made in America ” stickers affixed to products harken back to this primal urge to support the people in your tribe ; unfortunately , the way in which it ’s commonly used is mostly a marketing ploy .
All too often , these purchases support American corporations , and we ’ve seen how well American corporations support Americans en masse .
If you are n’t a ) the owner (s ) of the corporation , b ) a high - level manager or executive of the corporation , or c ) a shareholder in the corporation , your interests are served to the smallest degree possible to keep you either employed at the corporation or buying from the corporation .
In other words , the relationship is reciprocal only inasmuch as they have to keep you happy enough to work for them or buy from them .
And happiness is relative to options ; when your options are limited , it ’s easy to keep you happy or scared enough to maintain the status quo .
The status quo , in our society , benefits a very , very small minority of people .
The rest of us are just players in the corporations ’ risk - reward game – we shoulder the risk in severe disproportion to the rewards we might attain for doing so .
And we continue to do so because of two things : 1 ) we believe this is the way the world is , and 2 ) we hold out hope that we are one of the .1 % of people who find ourselves living “ the American Dream . ”
Of course , the last two paragraphs are the results of the Industrial Revolution , in which a few people own and control the means to production , and everybody else works for them or buys from them .
It takes a lot of capital to start and maintain those types of enterprises , and the people who do so assume a lot of risk , whereas the people who work at the factory assume very little .
Since the entrepreneurs and people with money on the table are shouldering the risk , they should get the reward .
So the story goes .
( Which really should make you think about why we ’re now bailing them out .
They “ assumed the risk ” — by which I mean were subsidized by our tax dollars and sweat and tears — and failed .
We pay .
When they do n’t fail , we pay .
But I bought four lottery tickets this week and am feeling lucky … )
The Promise of the Information Revolution
The Industrial Revolution was a turning point in history and has led to unprecedented advances in science and medicine .
But the business practices of the Industrial Revolution are an incredible departure from the historic business practices that focus on people .
The baker sold bread to people ; corporations sell products to numbers .
It ’s all about the numbers .
The Industrial Revolution did n’t just change business , though .
It changed the way we think about ourselves and the human experience .
We now relate to time and money in ways that we did n’t before .
We see dollar signs on trees where we once saw living things .
We think in terms in which some people lose and others win , rather than seeing that we ’re all interconnected in very important ways .
We value quantity instead of quality .
It ’s this change in the way we view ourselves that is the most pernicious and lasting , for we are now at the point in history in which you can start a business for zero capital .
If you ’re especially ambitious , you can pay $ 8 for your own domain name and run everything through Google .
Furthermore , there ’s no king , tyrant , or other figure with power that ’s explicitly telling us how we are going to live our lives .
Our governments still limit what we can and ca n’t sell , but for all practical purposes , we can do pretty much what we want .
We are no longer forced into serfdom , despite the fact that many people play the role of serfs .
It turns out that , thus far , there really has n’t been a revolution – the techniques of the Information Age have been applied to the society of the Industrial Revolution .
Yet the underlying economic realities that ( perhaps ) justified the social changes of the Industrial Revolution are no longer the only ones in play .
Individuals and very small teams can create and distribute products at almost no cost .
Furthermore , individuals now have access to a market of at least 4 billion people , growing by thousands every day .
The promise of the Information Revolution , then , is not really a revolution , but a renaissance .
That renaissance is allowing people to reclaim their dreams and create remarkable products , and not only that , but to deliver those products to people one at a time .
Like the baker , the creators have to answer to the consumers of their products , and the consumers , like their counterparts , have to support the creators .
The reciprocal relationship has returned .
What we ’ll start to understand in this rebirth is that business does n’t have to be dirty .
The baker took pride in what he made and cherished the people who bought his bread ; we online entrepreneurs should , and do , feel the same pride .
When you buy something from us , you are exchanging value for value .
Selling does n’t have to get in the way of sharing because selling is sharing .
Sometimes we share freely ; sometimes we share by exchange – but both are instances of sharing .
Insert Marxist Communist Dystopia Here
I ’m not advocating communism here , although if the extension of these ideas lead to a workable communism , so be it .
( Think long and hard about why you ’re scared of communism in principle .
Note : Russia and China are not examples of principled communism . )
What I ’m urging you to consider is a capitalism that ’s divorced from industrialism .
I think people should be rewarded for the value they create ; in most cases , though , the people who are doing the creating are not the ones who are being rewarded under industrial capitalism .
The days when capitalism and industrialism are necessarily linked are over .
And then there ’s the reality that few people are actually going to buck the system .
Books on lifestyle design sell because people like the ideas and they like to dream , but few people are willing to “ risk ” everything to go out on their own .
The thought of leaving the system is epic for most people , and most people are not willing to rise to the task to do epic shit .
The people that I ’ve had this discussion with are ordinary people ; I myself am incredibly ordinary in most ways .
What makes us extraordinary is not some particular talent ; furthermore , the desire to live life on our own terms and to help others do the same is not particularly uncommon .
What ’s uncommon about us is that we ’re actually doing it .
No more , no less .
The world is full of talented , beautiful people who have so much value to give .
Sometimes people find organizations within the current model that gives them an outlet for their value ; life is grand for them .
But many people know that there ’s more to life than the work they ’re doing .
If you ’re in the latter camp , all I have to say is … there is another way .
Before we can discuss that other way , we ’ll need to turn our attention to The Changes in Creative Work & Entrepreneurship .
Slide 1 of 14 ,
Ants in arid climates must store food to survive long periods of dearth .
In the deserts of North America , Myrmecocystus honeypot ants use their bodies as living containers , their bodies swelling with liquid reserves that they regurgitate to nest mates when needed .
Alex Wild
SAN FRANCISCO 
Even during an economic meltdown , when companies are scrambling to cut costs , businesses are wasting billions of dollars by leaving their PCs on at night .
U.S. organizations squander $ 2.8 billion a year to power unused machines , emitting about 20 million tons of carbon dioxide — roughly the equivalent of 4 million cars — according to a report to be released Wednesday .
About half of 108 million office PCs in the USA are not properly shut down at night , says the 2009 PC Energy Report , produced by 1E , an energy - management software company , and the non-profit Alliance to Save Energy .
The report analyzed workplace PC power consumption in the USA , United Kingdom and Germany .
Wastefulness does not just affect a company 's bottom line , it creates environmental concerns , the report says .
If the world 's 1 billion PCs were powered down just one night , it would save enough energy to light the Empire State Building — inside and out — for over 30 years , it says .
" Workers do not feel responsible for electricity bills at work , and some companies insist PCs remain on at night so they can be patched with software updates , " says 1E CEO Sumir Karayi .
He says 63 % of employees surveyed said their companies should take more steps to save PC power .
" It is scary how much energy is wasted , " says Michael Murphy , senior manager of global environmental affairs at Dell , a business partner and customer of 1E .
It has used 1E software to efficiently manage its 50,000 PCs globally , saving about $ 1.8 million a year .
Simply shutting down PCs at night can save a company with 10,000 PCs over $ 260,000 a year and 1,871 tons of carbon dioxide emissions , the report says .
" PCs can be a tremendous drain on electricity , " says Doug Washburn , an analyst at Forrester Research .
" During a nine - hour workday , it is n't always in use because of lunch , meetings and other things . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Do you often feel guilty about things that you are n’t doing – or things that you are doing ?
Do you find yourself saying “ I really should … ” or “ I know I ’m supposed to … ” or “ I must … ” ?
Are you trying to live up to someone else ’s values ?
There are so many pressures on us to conform .
You might think that you have your own priorities straight ( and that you ’re failing to meet your own standards ) , but chances are , you ’re being influenced by a lot of external pressures .
These could come from :
Society as a whole , and the media
Your colleagues , friends or classmates
Your parents , grandparents and extended family
The problem with trying to live by someone else ’s values is that you ’ll never feel as though you ’re managing it .
You ca n’t please everyone – and you should n’t be trying to .
At the end of the day , what matters is that you live up to your own values .
( In many cases , these might coincide with those of your community , friends or family , of course ; but be clear where differences lie . )
Values from Society and the Media
Using the word “ values ” might seem odd in connection with modern society and the media ( often criticised for not holding values or morals ) .
Sometimes , what we take for common sense or received wisdom is really a value so ingrained in us by society , we ca n’t step outside and see a different point of view .
For example , consumerism is encouraged by the media ( because they exist due to selling not only newspapers and magazines and other products , but by selling advertising ) .
Our society is obsessed with appearance – just think of all the ridiculous attention paid to whether celebrities are gaining or losing weight .
If you ’ve set yourself a goal of earning an extra $ 5 k this year , or of losing 30 lbs , ask yourself whether you ’ve done so because of your values – or because this is what newspapers , television and advertisers are telling you to do .
Values from Your Colleagues / Friends
When I was at school , there was a lot of talk about resisting “ peer pressure ” to misbehave .
Your peers are the people who are like you – whether they ’re in the same job , at the same college , or simply your group of friends .
The danger is that our social instinct and need to belong can push us to adopt values which are n’t really ones we ’d otherwise prioritize .
For example , if all your friends place a high value on entertainment , enjoyment and partying – and you value being frugal and making a contribution to the world – you might end up living what feels to you a shallow lifestyle .
If your classmates at college are all focused on career and earnings , your dream of traveling may fall by the wayside .
And if your colleagues prioritize getting ahead at all costs , what happens to your values of honesty , kindness , and mutual respect ?
When you ’re buying a new gadget , accepting an invitation , or stretching the truth to make life easier , ask yourself whether you ’re being drawn away from your values by your peers .
Values from Your Family
In many cases , we share our values with our close family members .
If your parents placed a high value on family relationships , chances are , you do too .
And if your family have always prioritized helping out in the community , you ’ve probably been involved in various volunteering opportunities all your life .
Sometimes , though , you might feel pressurized or stressed because of your parents ’ or grandparents ’ values .
Perhaps you do n’t want to hire a cleaner because your grandpa would be horrified by the idea of paying someone to do jobs that you could do perfectly well yourself – but you know that having the housework taken care of would give you time to launch your new business .
Or maybe your dad ’s focus has always been on making as much money as possible in order to retire young ; you ’re feeling pushed towards a “ realistic ” corporate career when , deep down , you want to pursue a more creative calling .
Once you no longer live under your parents ’ roof , you have no obligation to living up to their values .
I certainly would n’t suggest you go out of your way to horrify , offend or shock your relatives , but try not to fall into the trap of second - guessing yourself because you ’re worried what they ’ll think .
And relatives wo n’t always react how you expect .
When I quit my job to freelance , my mother and I kept it secret from my grandma for several months – but when we finally broke the news , my grandma was full of praise for my entrepreneurial spirit !
Ask yourself whether it ’s time to cut the apron strings and live your life : your parents and loved ones want you to do what makes you happy – not to simply follow their values .
Whose values are you living up to ?
How can you start getting back to your own values ?
Photo by bejealousofme
It 's enough to boggle the mind .
If all goes well , it 'll be enough to help the economy recover .
The US government has deployed more than $ 3 trillion in an all - out effort to resolve a financial crisis and end a recession .
It is acting as lender of last resort , investor of last resort , and consumer of last resort .
After more than a year of extraordinary federal interventions in markets and private companies , much still hangs in the balance .
At best , the federal efforts could stabilize the banking system , ease a record foreclosure wave , and kick - start an economic recovery .
Then the Federal Reserve and Treasury would withdraw their stimulus before it sparks inflation or a run on the dollar by foreign investors .
At worst , the rescue could fizzle .
While putting out a fire for a season , it could leave key banks still weak and the economy stalled , all while piling up a dangerous level of federal debt that limits options for the future .
Or the result could be something between those extremes .
However it all turns out , the government strategy in some ways echoes the very banking behaviors that helped to launch the crisis : expanding its own leverage ( debt ) to extend high - risk credit to others .
Here 's a guide to the rescue programs , in questions and answers .
What 's the recovery effort costing ?
A lot , but economists can only guess what the final tab will be .
The federal government has allocated more than $ 11 trillion to fight the recession and financial crisis – an amount that approaches one year 's output of goods and services in America .
But much of that money is the potential size of rescue programs , not their actual scale ( now about $ 3 trillion ) .
The amount of money used , moreover , may not be the true cost .
Some very large programs may never cost taxpayers a dime .
For example , the Federal Reserve stands ready to make as much as $ 1.8 trillion worth of 90 - day loans to corporations – by buying their so - called commercial paper .
It 's the largest single rescue program , launched when private - sector funding markets froze in a panic last fall .
But the money is going out only to firms with high credit ratings and it gets repaid within three months .
Many US interventions amount to lending , investing , or insuring , not direct spending .
Hence , the cost to taxpayers will depend on how the economy fares , which will affect how many loans or investments fail to pay off .
At a minimum , though , nearly $ 1 trillion already has been committed in direct spending – the Bush and Obama stimulus plans .
Where 's the money coming from ?
It comes from two main sources .
The first is the Federal Reserve , which can expand its balance sheet ( that means " spend " to you and me ) at will .
The goal is what Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke calls " credit easing " – to ensure a normal flow of credit at a time when many institutions and investors are reluctant to lend .
But when the Fed expands its asset base by making loans , a side effect is to expand the money supply in the economy .
That can lead to inflation , but so far it 's just offset part of the contraction in private - sector financial activity .
The second is taxpayers .
It 's not that income - tax rates have gone up lately , but Americans are on the hook in the long run .
The spending adds to US debt .
This also means , by the way , that the rescue 's ultimate cost depends on future changes in the government 's borrowing costs .
For now , the Treasury can issue bonds at very low interest .
But those debts will probably roll over into new T - bonds a few years from now , quite possibly at higher interest rates .
Why is this big bailout happening ?
Without intervention , the recession would be much worse , say policymakers .
The causes are many , but the deflation of an overheated housing market triggered a chain of problems .
Investors , who had financed a great deal of lending by buying credit products , retrenched .
The health of banks deteriorated .
The stock market fell .
All this rippled out to affect consumer confidence and business prospects .
Now the goal is to keep job losses to a minimum and to prevent a lack of credit from choking the hoped - for recovery .
Is the rescue plan working ?
One good sign is that the financial system has n't experienced a meltdown .
That was a real fear in September , when the US witnessed the financial equivalent of the Three Mile Island nuclear alert .
After that panic , the bailouts ramped up in earnest .
The Bush administration and Congress fashioned an emergency response – the $ 700 billion TARP , or Troubled Asset Relief Program .
Key credit indicators have improved since then .
Mortgage rates are down , for example .
Federal money is helping banks lend more than they otherwise would , and the banks are paying dividends back to the Treasury , says Brian Bethune , an economist at IHS Global Insight in Lexington , Mass .
" That strategy is working , " he says , " despite all of the weeping and gnashing of teeth over that TARP . "
Many economists are hopeful that the worst of the crisis is in the rearview mirror .
But the economy and the financial sector remain fragile .
Will more money be needed ?
Where ?
More money will probably end up going to some folks who are already big recipients .
The Treasury wants to make sure big banks have adequate capital to make loans .
If the recession deepens , the political pressures could tug two ways .
More firms could be in trouble and claim that they are " systemically significant , " in the Treasury 's phrase .
But the Treasury might run into limits on the number of bailouts that Congress is able or willing to fund .
Is the U.S. government going broke ?
Not yet .
The US still enjoys a AAA credit rating , but some economists worry that may not last .
The big danger , they say , is that bailout costs are adding to the national debt just before a big rise in entitlement spending for new baby - boomer retirees .
The Obama administration knows that if a fiscal course correction does n't emerge in the next few years , foreign lenders could worry about inflation risks .
That could hurt the dollar and push up Treasury borrowing costs .
What are the government 's alternatives ?
The most widely advocated one is for regulators to take over insolvent banks and fix them in the cheapest way possible .
In many cases , shareholders would be wiped out , bondholders would be asked to swap their debt for equity , and the firm could return quickly to private ownership .
If those changes would n't be enough to make a bank solvent , the government might strip out bad assets and manage them separately , while creating a " clean bank " to be sold to private owners .
Both conservative and liberal critics of the Obama plan advocate such an approach or alternative plans .
" Make no mistake , we are selling off our future and the future of our children to prevent the bondholders of US financial corporations from taking losses , " mutual - fund manager and economist John Hussman wrote last month .
" We are using public funds to protect the bondholders of some of the most mismanaged companies in the history of capitalism , instead of allowing them to take losses that should have been their own . "
How can such a mess be avoided in the future ?
Policymakers are busy trying to craft a new regulatory structure .
One issue under review is how to tie bankers ' pay to risk management , not just profitability .
Another is whether to prevent financial firms from getting so large that regulators consider them " too big to fail . "
Sheila Bair , who heads the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , recently advocated " incentives to reduce the size of systemically important firms . "
Some say the largest firms should pay new insurance fees to cover the high bailout costs they can impose in a crisis .
One such multi-talented youngster is Amber Gandotra , who hails from Jammu , but the one who has the potential to make a name for himself across the world .
The year 2008 saw a sharp rise in racist incidents against Arabs in Israel , the Mossawa Advocacy Center for Arab Citizens in Israel reported Saturday , estimating the increase at tenfold those recorded in 2007 .
Racist Government ?
Arab world warns of ' government of war ' Ali Waked Major Arab newspapers follow Israeli coalition talks with concern , predicting series of clashes , small battles ahead of primary war against Iran .
Senior Palestinian officials tells
Ynet government without Kadima will be ' a sure recipe for trouble '
Arab world warns of ' government of war '
" What we are witnessing is a moral collapse , and it 's time to shout out against racism , " said Jafar Farah , director of the Mossawa Center .
" The data is especially worrying in regards to civilian violence , and definitely attests ( to the fact that ) a Knesset member 's extremist message permeats and leads to the involvement of more and more citizens . "
A total of 32 violent incidents were recorded in Jerusalem alone in 2008 , most of them occurring during soccer matches .
Twenty - two such incidents were recorded in Akko .
Tel Aviv , in third place , witnessed 13 racist incidents according to the center .
The Mossawa Center 's report states that " if not for the elections and the war in Gaza , we would be witnessing a sharp decline in data from the soccer field " , thereby relating most of the racist incidents occurring in 2008 to Israel 's offensive in Gaza , which began in late December of that year .
" These attacks are not the hand of fate , but a direct result of incitement against the Arab citizens of this country by religious , public , and elected officials , " the report says .
Among the examples listed are the Akko Riots , the case of an Arab youth who was assaulted in Tiberias , and the stabbing of an Arab man in Meah Shearim neighborhood in Jerusalem by a Jewish ultra-Orthodox man .
The report also says that since the year 2000 , 42 Arab citizens have been killed by Israeli security forces .
The number includes the 13 Arabs killed during the October Riots .
In addition , an entire chapter of the center 's report is dedicated to violence occurring during soccer matches .
" This chapter shows without a doubt that when there are attempts to downsize violence , it has an effect , " the chapter concludes .
" Find the trend whose premise is false , and bet against it . "
- George Soros
It did n't used to be this way .
Back in the days of Bretton Woods , and a gold - backed currency , the financial markets were relatively stable .
If you wanted to make money you had to do it over a long period of time .
In the post -Bretton Woods era , and especially in the last decade , market bubbles and crashes happen every few years .
An investor with a keen eye and an open mind can spot golden investment opportunities , or at least avoid the fallout from the bubble bust .
We are about to see the bursting of the next bubble ... and its going to be a doozy .
With President - elect Barack Obama and congressional Democrats considering a massive spending package aimed at pulling the nation out of recession , the national debt is projected to jump by as much as $ 2 trillion this year , an unprecedented increase that could test the world 's appetite for financing U.S. government spending .
For now , investors are frantically stuffing money into the relative safety of the U.S.
Treasury , which has come to serve as the world 's mattress in troubled times .
Interest rates on Treasury bills have plummeted to historic lows , with some short - term investors literally giving the government money for free .
But about 40 percent of the debt held by private investors will mature in a year or less , according to Treasury officials .
When those loans come due , the Treasury will have to borrow more money to repay them , even as it launches perhaps the most aggressive expansion of U.S. debt in modern history .
You can always spot a bubble by the irrationality of the investment near the top .
For instance , in 2005 people were offering tens of thousands of dollars above asking price for homes because they were " afraid they would be priced out of the market " and never be able to afford a home .
In other words , it was panic buying - paying premium prices for an asset irregardless of its long - term investment value .
A sure sign of a bubble .
We are seeing this same dynamic today in treasury bonds .
It is n't just short - term treasuries .
The 30 year treasury bond yields just 2.83 % .
Does anyone really think that inflation in the next 30 years will never surpass 2.83 % ?
The flight to U.S. Treasuries is an Armageddon trade .
It reflects investors ’ panicked attempts to seek safety amid plummeting stock markets , collapsing property values and more than $ 1 trillion in losses and write - offs by banks worldwide .
There never was , and never will be , justification for yields on any bond to be negative .
What it means is that people are paying the government to lend it money .
It makes no economic sense at all .
Shoving your cash into your mattress is a better investment than that .
Like the housing bubble and the Dot - Com bubble , this illogical panic buying will end poorly as well .
The treasury bubble is n't just a bad investment because the investor knowingly looses money .
It 's a bad investment because the fundamentals of the asset are deteriorating .
Note the Washington Post article above .
The federal government is n't just adding $ 2 Trillion in new treasuries to the market this year , but another $ 6 Trillion is maturing this year .
That $ 6 Trillion in existing debt will need to be rolled over ( because we have no intention of ever paying it down ) .
Thus we need to borrow $ 8 Trillion just this year , almost all of that from foreigners ( because we do n't save money in America .
We spend it on imports from those same foreigners ) .
So then the question is : how likely are foreigners to loan us the money ?
Let 's look at the trend of their recent appetite for our debt .
Net purchases of the U.S. long - term securities declined from $ 65.4 billion ( revised down from $ 66.2 billion ) in September to 1.5 billion in October .
That ’s quite a disastrous result , considering the foreign purchases barely cover the domestic sale , while the markets expected a value close to $ 40 billion for October net purchases .
It 's important to note that the treasury and the dollar are joined at the hip .
Any blow to confidence in one , hits the other just as hard .
Here 's a quick list of items to look for in the coming year :
1 ) The global recession is forcing nations to sell their currency reserves ( which are usually dollars ) to protect their own currency .
India and Russia have already been doing this .
2 ) Selling treasuries are the equivalent of promises to print money .
More dollars being printed means a weaker dollar in the future .
3 ) Foreign sovereign - wealth funds took a beating in late 2007 and early 2008 when they bought into Wall Street banks .
They will be much more cautious buying dollar assets in the future .
4 ) The bailouts are n't over .
The states are asking for a $ 1 Trillion bailout .
The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation will need a bailout this year of tens of billions .
The bailouts of AIG , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac keep getting more costly .
The automakers will need more money as well .
5 ) The economy could be even worse than expected , thus causing a shortage of tax revenue .
America 's GDP is only about $ 13 Trillion .
Does it sound even remotely logical and sustainable for a nation that produces $ 13 Trillion a year to be borrowing $ 8 Trillion in a single year ?
So what does it mean for the treasury bubble to pop ?
For starters , because it is a bubble , millions of investors would lose money , which might cause a selling panic ( bursting bubbles are always messy ) .
Second , it might threaten Treasuries ’ status as the global “ risk - free asset ” and would damage the international stature of the U.S. Foreigners , who own about half of all Treasuries , might stop funding the country ’s growing trade and budget deficits without an increase in U.S. interest rates .
Finally , a busted Treasury - market bubble could undermine the dollar ’s global reserve - currency status , which in turn would spell higher U.S. interest rates , undercutting economic growth .
Basically what I am saying is sell your treasuries now if you have any .
They are overvalued and have nowhere to go but down , and when it goes down it will take the dollar with it .
The Budget Explorer is here , with budget data from Fiscal Year 2013 .
It is no longer annually updated .
There are many other fine budget simulations on the Web :
When I started this site in 1996 , it was one of only two Web - based budget simulations .
I wanted to test Java applets , which were new at that time , and they performed admirably for this purpose .
Now , changes in technology have forced a decision whether to rewrite this site .
However , there is no longer a need , because so many other people are doing such fine work .
These newer simulations are spreading the word that our country 's fiscal policies are unsustainable .
For his expertise in Web education , I am grateful to Tom March of ozline.com , and to the many other folks who helped me improve this site .
To have my work used in schools and colleges , and to hear from appreciative students and educators , has been a most wonderful and rewarding experience .
So long , and thanks for all the visits !
His call echoed that of then Federal Opposition spokesman on sports , Pat Farmer , who last year said cyclists should pay registration to fund infrastructure and safety campaigns .
The latest Transport Accident Commission data shows that in the five years to 2007 , the number of cyclists lodging successful claims after an accident with motorised transport rose significantly each year while the number of other claims plateaued or fell .
In 2003 , 3.6 per cent of approved claims for taxpayer assistance for medical bills came from cyclists .
By 2007 , cyclists made up 5.4 per cent of approved claims .
This figure is roughly in line with the boom that led to around 22,000 people riding to work at the time of the 2006 census , a rise of around 50 per cent in five years .
All indicators suggest that number has grown steadily since then , but the issue of medical funding is not the only one that has people thinking cyclists should pay for their road use .
A survey commissioned last month by car insurer Budget Direct found 50 per cent of Melbourne motorists surveyed supported the introduction of a cyclist registration fee .
Some who want cyclists registered said bike riders should pay for infrastructure costs like other road users , but most said cyclists should be registered so they could be identified if they broke road rules .
Budget Direct spokeswoman Richelle Ward said drivers were tired of putting up with cyclists who regularly flouted the law but could not be reported .
" A lot of people feel very strongly about this , " she said .
" It 's nothing sinister but a lot of people are saying they get nervous when bicycles do silly things on the road … they feel cyclists should be held accountable .
" The problem is n't ( children ) on the road .
It 's when cyclists are ducking in and out of traffic and running red lights . "
Victoria Police defended its record of catching errant cyclists , saying it was not aware of issues regarding identification of cyclists who commit road offences .
Harry Barber concedes a minority of cyclists break the law but said better enforcement rather than better identification would solve the problem .
" Enforcement is a job for police , ( not motorists ) , " he said .
" This is not a matter of passing a lot of laws that are n't enforced .
" The police have plenty of laws that they can enforce but they have other priorities and are pretty busy . "
Mr Barber said most cyclists were also motorists and so already funded the TAC through car registration fees .
But he said if non-drivers were asked to provide TAC funding then it would have to extend to pedestrians and public transport users , because they were also at risk of being injured by a car .
Mr Barber said cycling infrastructure provided taxpayers with value for money by moving more people for less cost than other transport modes .
He cited the recent safety upgrade of bike lanes on Rathdowne Street in Carlton — which has boosted the number of riders who use it by 100 a day — for $ 150,000 .
This is a fraction of what it would cost to get a comparable number of people on buses or moving through Melbourne 's congested road network by car , he said .
" Asking cyclists to pay is having it exactly the wrong way around , " he said .
" The saving that using a bike delivers ( to taxpayers ) is enormous … then there are the climate and health benefits . "
But in Brisbane , the idea of using cyclist registration fees to fund bicycle infrastructure appears to be gaining pace .
Last week , just under half of 400 cyclists surveyed said they would support a licensing scheme , with most saying their support would be withdrawn if the money was not put towards creating better bike paths .
The survey organiser said it showed that people were now prepared to pay to ride if it meant guaranteeing their safety .
Cyclist James Storer , 34 , rides his bike to work most days from Carnegie to South Melbourne .
He would back a bike levy of around $ 200 but only if it funded education campaigns to improve the relationship between cyclists and motorists .
His friend and fellow cyclist Nathan Gallacher said only a nominal fee would be appropriate , and even then only for identification purposes .
" If you look at the damage to roads and the environment caused by cars … a bike does zero damage in comparison . "
A VicRoads spokesman said it did not have the resources to make bicycle registration a viable option .
You are here : Home State House / New Hampshire Senate Votes to Legalize Gay Marriage
New Hampshire Senate Votes to Legalize Gay Marriage
The Democratic controlled New Hampshire Senate passed an amended version of the controversial measure to legalize gay marriage today .
The vote was 13 - 11 in favor of the measure .
The House passed a similar measure last month by a 186 - 179 vote .
The two chambers must reconcile small changes between the two measures in a conference committee but this is seen as a technicality .
Democratic Gov. John Lynch must decide whether he will sign or veto the bill or allow it to become law without his signature .
Lynch has been silent on the matter , though he has stated in the past that he opposes same - sex marriage .
Lynch ’s statement in reaction to the vote shed no light on which way he was leaning .
“ I recognize that the issue of same - sex marriage is intensely passionate and personal , and raises strong emotions on all sides , ” Lynch said .
“ I still believe the fundamental issue is about providing the same rights and protections to same - sex couples as are available to heterosexual couples .
This was accomplished through the passage of the civil unions law two years ago .
To achieve further real progress , the federal government would need to take action to recognize New Hampshire civil unions . ”
In passing the bill , the Senate rejected the recommendation of a key legislative committee , which last week voted to kill the bill .
But undecided Democratic Senators secured concessions in the form of amendments in return for their commitments to vote in favor the bill during private meetings on Tuesday night .
The key amendment would allow churches to refuse to conduct a same - sex marriage .
All state civil unions will become gay marriages in January of 2010 .
Passage of the bill is seen as a major legislative victory for Democratic State Chairman Ray Buckley who lobbied aggressively for the measure during closed - door meetings over the past twenty - four hours .
The debate in the Senate was somewhat lopsided in that Republican Senators made a curious strategic decision on Tuesday night to say as little about the controversial measure as possible in order to , according to Republican Senate Leader Peter Bragdon , “ preserve some decorum ” and were not included in negotiations about the amendments .
Senators were subjected to a blizzard of lobbying from gay rights groups in the days leading up to today ’s vote .
Lobbying efforts focused on a small handful of Democratic lawmakers who were seen as on the fence , including Senate President Sylvia Larson and Sens.
Lou D’Allesandro , Betsy DeVries and Deb Reynolds .
All but D’Allesandro voted in favor of the bill .
Sen .
Reynolds may face criticism from conservative and Republican circles , as she voted to kill the measure in the committee and switched her vote on the Senate floor .
Sen .
DeVries told constituents this weekend in voice mail recordings that she would vote against it , but she voted for it .
Every Republican member of the state Senate voted against the bill .
The measure capped off a morning of controversial decisions in the Senate .
In other activity , the chamber voted to legalize the use of medical marijuana and voted against a transgendered rights bill .
* Photo by Marc Nozell
9 Classic Banking Movies
Bankruptcy , Robbery , Murder & Bad Ethics - Sound Familiar ?
by Chris Tew , February 17 , 2009
Bankers and investors are probably among the most hated people around right now .
So why not make yourself feel a bit better and watch those financial suits go bankrupt , get robbed or reveal their homicidal tendencies hollywood style !
Credit crunch .
Global recession .
Whatever you call it , there ’s a lot less expendable cash around right now and lots of people are very nervous about the future .
More and more people are opting not to go out and spend money on theatre tickets and expensive dinners .
Instead , they ’re staying in with a movie and a bottle of wine .
But what movies to watch during this time of financial crisis ?
Given much of the blame is placed on the banks for getting us into this mess , perhaps it ’s the perfect time to take stock of some of the greatest banking movies of all time .
In many of these films reviewed below the people who are for the banks end up becoming figures of fun , so sit back , open your popcorn , and have a good laugh at some unlucky bankers losing loads of money .
Danny DeVito plays Larry the Liquidator , a super - rich , arrogant , greedy , self - centred and ruthless business man .
He ’s the perfect character for a comedy banking movie .
As he threatens a hostile take - over of a family - run company , the patriarch of the company enlists the help of his wife 's daughter , who is a lawyer , to try and protect their interests .
Larry enjoys sparring with her legal prowess , but does also fall for her .
Of course he does – this is a comedy , right ?
In the end he has to decide whether he ’s driven most by love or money .
Director : Norman Jewison Stars : Danny DeVito , Gregory Peck , Penelope Ann Miller
Bud Fox ( Charlie Sheen ) is an ambitious Wall Street stockbroker in the 1980s .
Any spare time he has is spent working an on angle with which to approach the high - powered , extremely successful broker Gordon Gekko ( Michael Douglas ) .
Fox finally meets with the greedy Gekko , who takes the youth under his wing and explains his philosophy : Greed is Good .
Taking this advice and working closely with Gekko , Fox soon finds himself swept into a world of yuppies , shady business deals , fast money , and fast women - something at odds with his family values .
Director : Oliver Stone Stars : Charlie Sheen , Martin Sheen , Michael Douglas
This movie charts the true story of Barings Bank clerk and ambitious wide - boy Nick Leeson .
Through a series of peculiar coincidences , he finds himself in Singapore setting up the bank ’s future options trading operation .
To save money Barings allows Nick to operate both the floor trading and the back office facilities and forces him to employ cheap , unskilled staff .
Of course , Nick breaks trading rules and secretly covers up some losses , but his initial reports back to the bank are of success .
Given more freedom , even more money and continuing unchecked , Nick makes bigger losses and again attempts to trade out of them .
But after a series of huge losses and irresponsible gambling of other people 's money he manages to bankrupt the entire institution .
A lesson in how not to trade .
Director : James Dearden Stars : Ewan McGregor , Anna Friel
Seth Davis ( Giovanni Ribisi ) is an enterprising college dropout , running his own small illegal casino .
The disapproval of his domineering father leads
Seth to a career change into the investment business with a bunch of cocky , young Turks who seem to be making a lot more money than they should on mysterious investments pushed through aggressive cold calling .
At the same time , he finds a relationship forming with firm secretary , Abbie ( Nia Long ) , who as luck would have it , was also formerly pursued by his new boss , which adds to the tensions of the high pressure job and mysterious profits .
Director : Ben Younger Stars : Ben Affleck , Vin Diesel , Giovani Ribisi , Nia Long
Everyone loves a good bank robbery movie , of which the The Italian Job is quite possibly the finest and most famous .
This infamous comedy movie tells the story of an ex-con who tries to steal $ 4 million in gold by causing a major traffic jam in the centre of Turin .
With its mini coopers , jaguars , bus and famous one - liners , this is a true British film classic .
Director : Peter Collinson Stars : Michael Caine , Noel Coward
This true story is set in San Francisco in 1981 .
Christopher Gardner has big dreams for his family , but it just never seems to work out .
He invests the family savings in new bone - density scanning technology – apparatus twice as expensive as x-ray with practically the same resolution .
The white elephant financially breaks the family , bringing troubles to Gardner ’s relationship with his wife .
Without money and wife , but totally committed with his son , Christopher sees the chance to fight for a stockbroker internship position at Dean Witter , disputing for one career in the end of six months training period without any salary with other twenty candidates .
Meanwhile , homeless , he has all sorts of difficulties with his son .
Does he find happiness ?
Director : Gabriele Muccino Stars : Will Smith , Thandie Newton , Dan Castellaneta
This is n’t necessarily a banking movie , more a movie about a banking character .
Patrick Bateman ( Christian Bale ) is a wealthy 26 - year - old , succesful investment banker in New York .
He ’s well - educated , intelligent and has more money than he knows what to do with : this is a guy who could n't care any less about cash back credit cards .
But there ’s a terrible dark side to his personality as by night he turns into a homicidal monster whose hatred for the world leads him into murderous chaos .
The movie is based on a novel by Brett Easton Ellis .
The graphic scenes of sex and violence in the movie are much more tame than in the original book .
Director : Mary Harron Stars : Christian Bale , Reese Witherspoon , Jared Leto
This comedy television movie tells the story of an eager tobacco business CEO who plans to buy out the rest of the shareholders in his firm .
After a series of confusing deals and potential takeovers , the tenders get messier ( and funnier ) as the zeros keep getting added .
The film follows the actual takeover of the RJR Nabisco empire in a tongue in cheek way .
The film ’s tagline was , aptly : after a power breakfast they ’ll still eat you for lunch .
Director : Glenn Jordan Stars : James Garner , Jonathan Pryce
Bonnie ( small town girl ) and Clyde ( drifting bank robber ) dream of lives that will free them from the Depression of the 1920s .
The two fall in love and begin a banking crime spree from Oklahoma to Texas .
They rob small banks with skill and panache , soon becoming minor celebrities known across the country .
People are proud to have been held up by Bonnie and Clyde : to their victims , the duo is doing what nobody else has the guts to do , but to the law , the two are evil bank robbers who deserve to be gunned down where they stand .
An American classic .
Director : Arthur Penn Stars : Warren Featty , Faye Dunnaway , Gene Hackman
Blogger Suggestions :
Trading Places ( 1983 ) - Lots of banking and whatnot there , a homeless con artist who becomes a Wall Street robber baron .
Thanks Daniel of Film Babble
- Lots of banking and whatnot there , a homeless con artist who becomes a Wall Street robber baron .
Thanks Daniel of Film Babble The Bank ( 2001 ) - writer - director Robert Connolly 's drama ( an Australian film ) , about a young mathematician Jim Doyle ( David Wenham ) , and arrogant Centrabank CEO Simon O’Reily ( Anthony LaPaglia ) in Melbourne Australia .
Doyle was hired to predict the gyrations of the stock market and put the bank in the black .
Thanks Tim of Film Site
- writer - director Robert Connolly 's drama ( an Australian film ) , about a young mathematician Jim Doyle ( David Wenham ) , and arrogant Centrabank CEO Simon O’Reily ( Anthony LaPaglia ) in Melbourne Australia .
Doyle was hired to predict the gyrations of the stock market and put the bank in the black .
Thanks Tim of Film Site It 's a Wonderful Life ( 1946 ) -
You wanna talk bad ethics , banking , and death ?
Think It 's A Wonderful Life .
A story of an angel helping a compassionate but despairingly frustrated businessman by showing what life would have been like if he never existed .
Thanks Dave3 of Geeks of Doom .
- You wanna talk bad ethics , banking , and death ?
Think It 's A Wonderful Life .
A story of an angel helping a compassionate but despairingly frustrated businessman by showing what life would have been like if he never existed .
Thanks Dave3 of Geeks of Doom .
The Bank Job ( 2008 ) - Deals with the real life fallout of stolen political and royal secrets after a bank heist in the UK in the 70's .
Deals with the real life fallout of stolen political and royal secrets after a bank heist in the UK in the 70's .
The International ( 2009 ) - They control your money .
They control your government .
They control your life .
And everybody pays .
Thanks Garth of Dark Horizons
Also See :
[ Image Source : Flickr ]
AT&T began introducing its 3G network in 2005 , upgrading the equipment and antennas at many of its 40,000 cell towers nationwide .
It built the network to complement and take advantage of the technology servicing its older 2G or second - generation network .
Many phones still use the 2G network , so it must be kept running .
But there are important differences between the 2G and 3G networks , and getting them to work together presents problems , according to engineers who work on the infrastructure .
Take , for instance , the difference in the way voice and data traffic is carried on the two networks .
On AT&T ’s 2G network , cellphone towers — even ones in close proximity to one another — use different chunks of the radio spectrum to carry information .
As phone users move around on foot or in a car , their phones switch from one frequency to another .
Image Disguised or not , cellphone towers often carry a patchwork of network upgrades .
Credit ... Phil Marino for The New York Times
On the 3G network , all of the cell towers use the same frequency to transmit information .
On its face , this would seem to make things simpler .
But this technology also adds a wrinkle : when phones get too close to too many 3G towers using the same frequency , they can become overwhelmed with radio noise .
“ When you have more than three cell sites overlapping , you get interference , ” said one infrastructure engineer who works for AT&T , who asked not to be named so as not to upset the company .
“ You get bad quality , funky sounds .
If you ’re doing data , the rates get slower and slower until you lose it . ”
Kristin S. Rinne , senior vice president of architecture and planning for AT&T , said the company had done a good job of diminishing the prospect of such interference by limiting the strength of signals from overlapping towers .
Moreover , she said , the phones themselves have a role to play ; some handsets , she said , do a good job of managing the interference internally , while others do not .
Despite his low profile , Mr Richardson , who divides his time between Sydney and Huntington Beach , California , is the inventor of dozens of patents .
Recent projects include adapting the carbon scrubbing technology found in submarines to car exhaust pipes and collaborating with friend and Nobel nominee Peter Rentzepis , from the University of California , on the use of lasers to achieve atomic level computing .
" Ric is scarily intelligent , and he works crazy hours , " Brad Davis , chief executive of Uniloc USA , said .
" He 's the kind of guy who can become an expert on something in about eight seconds . "
The son of a freelance cameraman , Mr Richardson began inventing early , experimenting in the mid 1970s with bicycle design .
" I would disappear into Dad 's garage , putting different forks on the front of Dragsters and cutting off bicycle seats and putting on motorcycle handlebars and trying only a back brake . "
He had , without knowing , invented the BMX .
" Then one day I opened American Dirt Bike magazine and saw a BMX and realised that I 'd been beaten to it .
I ask them if I could at least be BMX's Australian distributor , but a container of bikes cost $ 8000 , and Mum and Dad were n't willing to give me that . "
In his early teens , he alternated between teaching guitar and helping his father on shoots .
" Dad was a stringer cameraman for the ABC .
Whenever stories broke outside the normal hours , they would call us .
As soon as I was strong enough , Dad had me going out at 3 am with him , lugging around the old reel - to - reel tape recorders . "
After school , Mr Richardson combined his love of music with his knowledge of sound equipment and a burgeoning interest in computer programming , eventually becoming the recording industry 's go - to guy for computer music .
Developing software for synthesisers , he began working for Albert 's Studios and Rhinoceros Studios , and for acts as varied as INXS and John Denver .
He also developed , with his brother , the " shade saver cords " used to attach sunglasses to the wearer 's neck .
The invention made them hundreds of thousands of dollars .
" Even better , it meant we could go up and down the east coast on sales trips , with the sales paying for our surf trip . "
Proceeds from shade saver went into Mr Richardson 's next venture , the anti-piracy technology that would ultimately become Uniloc .
" Uniloc was so new that when I went to demonstrate it to a big software executive in Sydney in 1992 , the guy thought I was faking it .
He said , ' How dare you ! '
He simply could n't believe it . "
Far from being a phony , Mr Richardson is , according to longtime supporter Jim Revitt , " a man of extraordinarily high principle …
He is a natural born creative thinker with the courage to follow his instincts . "
Others are n't so sure .
" I am sceptical of software patenting in general , " Nic Suzor , from Electronic Frontiers Australia , says .
" While not wanting to comment on the Uniloc case … I can say that people have increasingly been using frivolous software patents to get windfall profits for trivial inventions . "
Mr Richardson is unconcerned .
" Once you do something that you think is obvious and then realise that not only is it not obvious , but that people think you are making it up , you realise that you can do anything .
And that 's seriously exciting . "
GRAND HAVEN --
Police today said they bought small amounts of marijuana from Grand Valley State University student Derek Copp and a roommate before a drug team raided Copp 's apartment and he was shot by an Ottawa County sheriff 's deputy .
Information about the buys , including one from Copp on the day of the raid , is contained in an arrest warrant affidavit obtained today by The Press .
The affidavit shows an undercover officer assigned to the West Michigan Enforcement Team bought 3.3 grams of marijuana for $ 60 from Copp on March 11 , the day of the shooting .
RELATED CONTENT
• Transcript of felony warrant request
• Complete coverage of Derek Copp shooting
State police Lt. Cam
Henke stated the evidence while testifying today before Ottawa County Circuit Court Judge Ed Post to get warrants to charge Copp with delivery of marijuana .
Copp , a Grand Valley State University student , faces arraignment on the charge on April 22 in Hudsonville District Court .
Henke said an undercover officer on Feb. 9 paid $ 50 to buy 3 grams of marijuana from Conor Bardallis , a roommate , the affidavit said .
Bardallis faces the same charge , but an arraignment date is uncertain .
Police said field tests proved the drugs were real .
Henke did not discuss what police recovered from Copp 's apartment in the raid .
Copp was shot by Deputy Ryan Huizenga as the team entered the Campus View apartment , just off the GVSU campus .
Police allege Huizenga should have had his finger on the outside of his trigger guard when entering the apartment , but it was on the inside .
Huizenga since has been charged with a high - court misdemeanor of careless discharge of a firearm causing injury .
Copp 's friend , Greg Hatt , estimated 3 grams of marijuana is equal to about 5 or 6 joints .
" We think it 's a bit ridiculous they are still pursuing criminal charges after what happened , " said Greg Hatt , who talked Wednesday with Copp after prosecutors authorized a marijuana delivery charge against Copp and his roommate .
" That 's small - time .
It 's about as small as it gets , " he said .
" It 's a very small amount to be shot in the chest for . "
Copp is scheduled to be arraigned next Wednesday in Hudsonville District Court on the four - year felony .
An arraignment date for Bardallis is not set .
Meanwhile , supporters of Huizenga planned to rally on behalf of him and other police officers Thursday in a demonstration at the Ottawa County Sheriff 's Department in West Olive .
( Return to mlive for coverage Thursday ) .
They say Huizenga , with 12 years as a deputy , is a well - liked and dedicated officer .
The charge against Huizenga alleges his finger was in the wrong spot -- inside the trigger guard instead of outside -- when he entered Copp 's apartment through a back slider door .
Copp was raising his hands after someone shined a flashlight in his face when the shot was fired .
E-mail John Tunison : jtunison@grpress.com
Predicting the 2009 NBA year - end awards
The end of the NBA season is almost upon us , so it ’s time to hand out a few year - end awards .
Rookie of the Year
Early on , this was a battle between Derrick Rose and O.J. Mayo , but a few other players – namely , Russell Westbrook , Brook Lopez , Kevin Love and Marc Gasol – played their way into the conversation over the course of the season .
Still , this award should go to Rose , who was immediately asked to run the Bulls and handled the job admirably .
He averaged almost 17 points per game to go with six assists and shot almost 48 % from the field .
More importantly , he never hit the rookie wall , and his fine play in April ( 19.0 ppg , 6.8 apg , 55 % shooting ) helped Chicago sneak into the playoffs .
The rest of these guys are heading home for the summer .
My choice : Rose
My prediction : Rose
Most Improved
This is always a tough one .
Usually , it goes to a player that entered the league without a lot of pomp and circumstance ( i.e. they were non-lottery picks ) that makes the jump from role player or starter to star or superstar .
The last eight winners are : Hedo Turkoglu ( 16th pick ) , Monta Ellis ( 40th ) , Boris Diaw ( 21st ) , Bobby Simmons ( 42nd ) , Zach Randolph ( 19th ) , Gilbert Arenas ( 31st ) , Jermaine O’Neal ( 17th ) and Tracy McGrady ( 9th ) .
A few of the names being bandied about are Devin Harris ( 5th ) , Danny Granger ( 17th ) , Kevin Durant ( 2nd ) , Nene ( 7th ) , Thaddeus Young ( 12th ) , Brandon Roy ( 6th ) and Roger Mason ( 31st ) .
Durant , Harris , Roy , Young and Nene all came into the league as lottery picks , a fact that works against them in this case .
They ’ve all made leaps this season , though I think everyone was expecting Durant , Harris , Roy and Young to make those jumps .
Nene is more of a comeback player than an MIP .
He ’s been battling injuries his entire career , so the fact that he ’s playing well while healthy is no surprise .
The last few winners indicate that the MIP usually goes to a player who makes an unexpected leap , so I think it will go to Danny Granger , though his late season run in 2007 - 08 works against him .
He averaged 22.4 points in March of ’ 08 , and 24.8 ppg in April of ’ 08 , so if you dig into the numbers a little , his play this season is n’t as big of a surprise .
Still , I do n’t think that he had the same expectations as Durant , Harris and Roy , so I think he ’s our guy .
Mason might be the darkhorse .
My choice : Granger
My prediction : Granger
Sixth Man
This award seems to come down to Jason Terry , Manu Ginobili , Nate Robinson , Lamar Odom and Travis Outlaw .
Ginobili only appeared in 44 games , so he ’s probably out .
Odom ’s numbers are inflated by a 32 - game starting stint where he produced 14.0 points and 11.2 rebounds .
Take those numbers out of his totals and on the whole , he struggled coming off the bench .
Terry and Robinson are big scorers , and Outlaw ’s numbers just do n’t compare .
Terry is on a playoff team and Robinson is not , so I think Terry will be the guy .
My choice : Terry
My prediction : Terry
Coach of the Year
For a time , it looked like this award was destined to go to Stan Van Gundy .
No one was really expecting the Magic to finish with the fourth - most wins in the league , and the fact that Orlando is 22 - 11 without its All - Star point guard ( Jameer Nelson ) only supports Van Gundy ’s case .
But two other teams are just / almost as surprising .
Cleveland was n’t supposed to be good , but the Cavs league - best record is surprising .
And the Rockets ’ 53 wins are pretty shocking , especially considering that they ’ve been without Tracy McGrady for much of the season .
Given the Cavs ’ success , I think Mike Brown will win it , though if I had a vote , I think I ’d cast it for Rick Adelman .
My choice : Adelman
My prediction : Brown
Defensive Player of the Year
Dwight Howard leads the league in blocks ( 2.92 ) and rebounds ( 13.9 ) and is second in the league in defensive rebounds ( 9.6 ) .
Fourteen of the last 17 DPOYs have been centers , so Howard seems like a shoe - in for the award .
My choice : Howard
My prediction : Howard
MVP
This was a two - horse race for much of the season , which makes sense considering LeBron James and Kobe Bryant are the best players on the two best teams in the league .
Dwyane Wade joined the conversation with a stellar run over the second half .
( He averaged better than 33.5 ppg over the last two months of the season . )
But this is about LeBron and Kobe , and LeBron has the inside track .
His team has the better record , his assist and rebound numbers are better , and he ’s playing with the lesser supporting cast .
LeBron set career highs in FG % , 3PT % and FT % .
He deserves it .
( Besides , Kobe won it last year . )
My choice : LeBron
My prediction : LeBron
Apple has released another beta of iPhone OS 3.0 .
This third beta has relatively few changes to the developer APIs , though Ars has learned that there has been a fairly important change to push notification types .
While it appears to be relatively stable , Apple will have its work cut out to clear up the remaining issues in order to have it ready to launch with new hardware this summer .
The major change in the UIKit API is that Apple has added separate types for the three notification methods : badge , text alert , and sound .
Developers can register their apps for these different notification types individually for the needs of their users .
Previously , apps registered to received remote notifications but controlled the type via settings .
Developers we spoke to universally agreed that this was a welcome improvement .
A change many developers will also welcome is an improvement to the XIB files created by Interface Builder 3.1 .
The format for these files has been updated to be " more diff friendly . "
The older format causes lots of issues when making changes and checking them in to a CVS , especially when more than one developer is working on the code .
Also , Dashcode — the IDE for creating Dashboard widgets — has been updated to allow the creation of iPhone - optimized web applications .
While open source projects like iUI help web developers create a native - like iPhone interface and web app frameworks like SproutCore and Cappuccino are adding iPhone - specifc views , Dashcode could be just the help some developers are looking for to make an iPhone - specific web app .
i Phone OS 3.0 beta 3 still has a number of issues to patch up before the OS is ready for public consumption .
Still , developers familiar with the betas concurred that 3.0 is faring far better than 2.0 so far , which was n't particularly stable at launch and required a major point update to 2.1 before many users felt comfortable .
Judging from the few API changes and the current stability , Apple should be on track to have the new OS ready in time for this summer 's expected iPhone hardware update .
in
Whether you 've been following the sad , tragic tale of Robert Dziekanski's brutal death at the hands of those four RCMP officers at Vancouver International Airport back in October 2007 or you 're simply concerned about police brutality in general , you absolutely have to watch Terry Milewski 's fantastic piece that aired earlier this week on CBC 's flagship nightly news program , " The National " ( see link below ) .
Specifically , everyone needs to see the interviews with Tunney Moriarty and Al Clarke , two retired RCMP officers who have a combined 61 years on the force between them .
We 're talking about two people who spent most of their working lives serving in the RCMP , but who now feel so incensed by the Dziekanski case and , particularly , the way it 's been handled by the force that they feel they have no other choice but to speak out and speak up .
And have they ever !
These guys are a real inspiration .
Before I go on I should say that , yes , for those keeping track , this is indeed my fourth piece on police brutality since Dziekanski was killed back in 2007 .
But really I could have written ten , what with all the horrible information that has come out over that time .
The simple fact is , the more we learn the more that needs to be said .
And with the ongoing Braidwood Inquiry now looking into Dziekanski's death we 're certainly learning quite a lot .
Well , perhaps it 's stuff most of us already knew to be true , such as the fact that all four officers lied ( or conveniently told the exact same incorrect , misleading story ) in their official reports .
And that the rest of the force helped in the cover-up .
Even those who naively wanted to believe that ALL cops are decent , honorable people " just doing their jobs " now have to admit that some cops are clearly anything but .
Especially when you have other cops publicly saying as much
Déjà Vu
One thing this investigative piece by Terry Milewski makes clear is that there are serious issues with the force 's upper management .
According to Al Clarke , one of the ex-cops interviewed in Milewski 's piece , the force simply moves problem officers to new locations whenever trouble arises .
Listening to this story , specifically the transfer and promotion of Monty Robinson from Merritt , B.C. to Richmond after his commanding officer - the same Al Clarke - strongly recommended that Robinson not be promoted due to personal and professional issues , clearly reminds me of another famous organization : The Catholic Church .
Just as the Catholic Church used to transfer their problem members ( i.e. pedophile priests ) to new locations where they 'd inevitably reoffend , the RCMP , it seems , simply transfers problem officers to new locations whenever they mess up badly , putting the public in their new community at immediate risk .
It 's not just upper management , however .
What is clear from this case , and many others like it , is that when it comes to police brutality or abuse of power , the whole force goes into defensive mode .
Lies , misinformation , and , in the case of Dziekanski , slander - whatever it takes to cover - up and protect their own can and will be used by the force .
Justice for the innocent victims be damned .
Protecting their fellow officers , it seems , is the most important part of the job of being a cop ... even if those fellow officers happen to be thugs , or incompetents .
If there 's anything we 've learnt from the Dziekanski case it's that the force has no desire to weed out the bad apples within its ranks .
None whatsoever .
Serve and protect ?
Definitely .
Well , just as long as you 're talking about their own members rather than , or at least before , the public .
An Infamous Statement
If you want some insight into the mentality of the RCMP , you need go no further than a statement made to the press regarding another tragic death here in B.C. , this one back in 2005 .
While investigating the shooting death of Ian Bush , a 22 - year - old man who was shot in the back of the head while in RCMP custody in Houston , B.C. ( after being taken in for having an open can of beer in public ) , Globe and Mail reporter Gary Mason was famously told by RCMP media department spokesman Const .
John Ward : " The public does n't have a right to know anything " .
And that , my friends , basically sums up the RCMP 's feelings when it comes to accountability .
Two Killed By Same Cop In One Year
Monty Robinson , as Milewski 's piece makes clear for those who did n't already know , was not only the commanding officer at the scene when Dziekanski was killed , he's also the very same cop who 's currently facing charges for impaired driving causing death in another tragic case , this one in Delta , B.C .
That 's right , this Robinson guy hit and killed a 21 - year - old motorcyclist while driving drunk ( with both of his kids in the car ! ) , before fleeing the scene .
And , no , your math skills have not forsaken you :
The same cop was indeed involved in the deaths of two - yes , two - innocent men in just one short year .
And the force knew he was messed up , yet they promoted and transferred him regardless .
Again , according to Al Clarke , who was Robinson 's commanding officer in Merritt , Robinson had both personal and professional " issues " and faced a work - related lawsuit for abuse and negligence .
The top brass was explicitly told that this guy was trouble .
So what did they do ?
They promoted him .
According to Clarke , no one gets fired from the force .
Now is that a truly glorious institution or what ?
Near - Unanimous Disgust
After viewing the news story , make sure to take a few minutes to read the comments posted below the clip .
There are some fascinating posts , particularly those by current and former cops who are embarrassed by the thugs and incompetents within their ranks .
Most telling of all , of the numerous comments posted there so far , there is ( presently ) only one of those knee - jerk pro-cop - no - matter - the - situation comments you see so often .
I guess this case is so blatantly clear , especially with all the former cops speaking out , that even the knee - jerkers have to admit the obvious :
There is no defense for what these cowards did to Dziekanski .
As , Tunney Moriarty , the other former cop interviewed in this story , clearly states - and , man , is it ever wonderful to hear a cop saying this publicly - the four cops who killed Dziekanski should be charged with criminal negligence causing death .
That 's right , they should be facing some hard time in prison .
As Moriarty continues , in response to the RCMP 's claims that the officers were simply following standard policy or procedures in their handling of Dziekanski : " If that is the policy of the force .
Then I will say that the people of Canada have one big problem " .
No Video , No Problem
Which brings me to the most obvious fact of all .
If there were no videotape of Dziekanski being killed all of the lies and misinformation that have been disseminated by the RCMP since his death would have been allowed to stand .
And all those ( many ? most people ? ) naive enough to believe whatever they are force - fed by authority figures ( such as the police ) could have gone on believing that the officers had bravely done their jobs and Dziekanski had simply got what he deserved .
Because , we must remember , that was certainly their version of events : Dziekanski attacked the four brave officers and in self - defense they were forced to take him down .
The only reason we 're even talking about this case at all is because that video does exist .
In all other similar cases - those without any video evidence - the cops can say whatever they like to cover their backs and that 's the end of it .
Hell , in this case they - the four cops and the RCMP spokesmen - even knew there was a videotape that contradicted what they were telling the public and they still decided to lie !
It 's all quite unfuckingbelievable , amazingly stupid and incredibly arrogant , but also extremely revealing .
And what it reveals is a culture of unaccountability , one in which people are used to getting away with just about anything .
But back to my main point :
If there 's no video , you can literally get away with , if not murder , then certainly manslaughter .
Come to think about it , you can get away with it whether there 's a video or not .
As these four cops have demonstrated so far .
A Farce
The fact is , without civilian oversight , the police are free to do whatever they like , knowing the force will back them up no matter what it takes .
At least for anything that happens while on duty .
Obviously we need a police force and , as I 've said many times before , most cops may in fact be decent individuals , but , the truth remains , we need a much more professional , competent , and , most importantly , accountable police force in this country .
A police force investigating itself , as the RCMP does , is simply a farce .
But as former cop Moriarty says : " The days of the RCMP investigating themselves is over with .
It should be over with .
They got caught in the lie .
They got caught in their own lie " .
The Solution
So , next time you see a police spokesperson making statements that 100 % justify all the actions of his or her fellow officers , at the very least take them with a grain of salt .
That is , unless you 're into that whole naive - ignorance - is - bliss thing .
For all those of us with our eyes wide open , however , there 's really only one solution :
Fire all the incompetents , brutes and thugs ... and prosecute them as the menace to society that they so clearly are .
And at the same time promote and honor all those good decent cops out there who genuinely deserve respect .
Then maybe , just maybe , people will once again start to have some faith in the police and , specifically , the RCMP .
But do n't take my word for it , listen to the retired RCMP officers in Terry Milewski 's story here :
CBC's The National : " A Deadly Landing : Insiders Perspective "
It 's just 12 minutes long .
And for those who care anything at all about justice , believe me , it 'll be 12 minutes well spent .
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Friday , April 24th , 2009
For further reading , check out this excellent new piece by Richard Foot that appeared in The Vancouver Sun on April , 26 , 2009 : NEED TO POLICE THE RCMP ?
Dziekanski affair just the latest scandal to taint RCMP 's image
For another recent piece on police brutality ( this one by me ) try this : Cowards and Apologists : The Police Brutality Rant
And for more on the Robert Dziekanski case try this : And Injustice For All : Cops Face No Charges
In Death of Robert Dziekanski
Or this : Kill , Duck and Cover : The RCMP Rant
For the Society , Justice & Law Homepage click here
Or for politics of all types visit the Politics Homepage
The wives of the Kenyan president and PM have been asked to join in Women 's activist groups in Kenya have slapped their partners with a week - long sex ban in protest over the infighting plaguing the national unity government .
The Women 's Development Organisation coalition said they would also pay prostitutes to join their strike .
The campaigners are asking the wives of the Kenyan president and the prime minister to join in the embargo .
They say they want to avoid a repeat of the violence which convulsed the country after the late - 2007 elections .
Relations between Kenya 's coalition partners , led by President Mwai Kibaki and Prime Minister Raila Odinga , have become increasingly acrimonious .
Now the dispute has moved to the nation 's bedrooms .
Lead from the front Patricia Nyaundi , executive director of the Federation of Women Lawyers ( Fida ) , one of the organisations in the campaign , said they hoped the seven - day sex ban would force the squabbling rivals to make up .
Great decisions are made during pillow talk , so we are asking the two ladies at that intimate moment to ask their husbands : ' Darling can you do something for Kenya ? '
Patricia Nyaundi
Federation of Women Lawyers
She said the campaign would start from her bedroom and that emissaries had been sent to the two leaders ' wives , Ida Odinga and Lucy Kibaki , urging them to join in and lead from the front .
" Even commercial sex workers should join in the campaign which is so vital to the country , " Mrs Nyaundi told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme .
" Great decisions are made during pillow talk , so we are asking the two ladies at that intimate moment to ask their husbands : ' Darling can you do something for Kenya ? ' "
But the BBC's Anne Waithera in Nairobi says the campaign is likely to meet resistance from some men .
Our correspondent says some would argue that Kenyan men cannot even abstain for two days .
The campaign is being backed by several other lobby groups , including the Caucus for Women 's Leadership and Maendeleo ya Wanawake - a nationwide network of women 's groups in rural Kenya .
Mr Kibaki and Mr Odinga agreed to share power last year to end post- election violence , which had left some 1,500 people dead and forced 300,000 from their homes .
But the deal has soured with the premier 's party claiming he has been sidelined and protesting over everything from electoral reform to the lack of a toilet for Mr Odinga during one recent official visit .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The pup , a young female , which is yet to be named , was born to first time mother , ' Kira ' , and father , ' Malie ' late in the evening of January 31 and has left her pup crèche to begin exploring the Zoo 's marine exhibit , EnergyAustralia 's Great Southern Oceans .
Taronga Zoo has celebrated another conservation breeding success with the arrival of an Australian Sea-lion pup , the first to be born at the Zoo in seven years .
Marine Mammals supervisor , Danielle Fox , said : " The arrival of a strong , healthy pup was quite a cause for celebration .
Australian Sea-lions are endangered and have a very long pregnancy , up to 14 months , so we had been waiting for the birth for sometime . "
" Towards the end of her pregnancy , Kira was absolutely huge and spent most of the time in her pool probably to alleviate some of the discomfort , so I am sure she was just as relieved as we were when the new arrival made an appearance . "
Due to the close relationship the keepers have with the seals in their care , throughout Kira 's pregnancy they were able to regularly ultrasound her and keep a very close watch on the development of the youngster as well as prepare Kira for a life - changing experience - becoming a mother .
" Kira is a fantastic Mum .
Although this is her first pup and Kira is quite a tom - boy at heart , her mothering instincts definitely kicked into overdrive .
Within minutes of the birth she started making the haunting cries that Australian Sea-lion mothers make to help the pup identify them in the large breeding colonies . "
" Now that the pup has graduated from her pupping crèche , Kira has introduced her to the large Seal Cove Pool .
The youngster is still quite uncoordinated in the water and just like a young chid , needs to learn the art of swimming .
She definitely has a preference for belly flopping into the pool and when she gets tired , she takes a break by leaning up against her ever doting Mum or splashes around in the shallow end . "
" Visitors can welcome Kira and her pup at Seal Cove , located just behind the Zoo 's lower entrance at various time throughout the day .
As the new arrival becomes more confident in the water her forays into her large pool will increase , but like all new arrivals it is baby steps at the moment , " said Danielle .
The successful birth means there are now three generations of Australian Sea-lions at Taronga Zoo's Great Southern Oceans exhibit .
Kira , the pup 's mother was the last Australian Sea-lion born at Taronga seven years ago and grandfather ' Orson ' an animal rescued and re-housed at the Zoo by the RSPCA many years ago also calls Taronga home .
The pup will remain with Kira for sometime with females suckling their pups up to 18 months .
Some females care for their offspring for up to three years and can be seen in the breeding colonies with a boisterous juvenile and new pup .
The birth is exceptionally significant with as few as 10,000 Australian Sea-lions remaining in the wild .
The World Conservation Union 's list for threatened species lists this unique native animal as endangered .
Sea-lions were harvested in the 1800s with their populations falling to very low numbers .
Despite now being protected , populations of these pinnipeds have not re-bounded and wild populations often become a by - catch of fisheries or become entangled and fatally injured by marine debris .
If Peter Mandelson hoped to make a splash with a speech on the government 's low carbon energy initiatives yesterday , he certainly managed to do so , though perhaps not quite as he intended : an anti-airport protester threw a cupful of green liquid in the business secretary 's face as he arrived outside the Royal Society in central London , and walked away with apparent impunity .
News cameras showed Lord Mandelson genially approaching a young woman and then ducking as he was splattered with what was later identified as custard with colouring thrown from a coffee cup .
As Mandelson hurried inside , the woman explained what she had done and then , clearly surprised not to be detained , walked away .
She identified herself as Leila Deen , 29 , a supporter of the Plane Stupid group campaigning against airport expansion .
Deen told reporters she had been motivated by reports that the minister had met lobbyists for the British Airports Authority , which wants a third runway at Heathrow , a few days before the government endorsed the plan .
She said : " The only thing green about Peter Mandelson is the slime coursing through his veins .
That he is trying to make political capital out of climate change ... is an insult to my generation .
He is unelected and only represents business interests . "
Deen said Mandelson was an anti-green influence on the government .
" He came back and suddenly we 've got a third runway that nobody wants .
It 's quite clear whose side he 's on .
He 's from this generation of people who do n't care what kind of legacy they 're leaving . "
Mandelson later told journalists he had dispensed with special security after he left the Northern Ireland Office .
The Home Office declined to discuss whether ministerial security would now be reviewed .
Mandelson described the incident as an " adolescent protest " .
Detectives were investigating , but Scotland Yard said no arrests had been made and no one had made a complaint .
The business secretary emerged from the Royal Society in a clean shirt and with a silk tie donated by one of his civil servants .
He told journalists : " She was so busy throwing what seemed like green soup or something in my face that she failed to tell me what the protest was about , but , as you can see , thankfully it was not paint and I have come through it intact . "
Deen said : " He 's been actively pushing a high - carbon future through the third runway .
I did n't want to let him stand up and talk about that , so last night I decided to make some custard , colour it green , and show how slimy I think he is . "
Asked if she thought her action was non-violent , she said : " Yeah , absolutely , " as it had been " simply harmless custard " .
She said .
" The police came up to me and said that they wanted to check I was n't going to try to enter parliament .
They said they could n't comment on what I 'd done , but they hoped I had a lovely day . "
Mandelson said later that he had never been afraid for his safety .
" Thankfully it was sort of , I think , organic and non -toxic .
Whilst I 'm prepared to take my fair share of the green revolution on to my shoulders , I 'm less keen on having it on my face .
I do n't think that anybody should overreact .
I 'm not afraid for my security as long as I 'm doing my job , doing it conscientiously .
I guess I should be grateful to the protester for helping us to put this very important subject on the map . "
Gordon Brown also laughed it off , saying : " If anybody doubted the greening of Peter Mandelson and his willingness to take the green agenda on his shoulders , we 've seen it in practice this morning . "
But the former deputy prime minister , John Prescott , said in his video blog : " What is totally unacceptable is the way the woman walked away claiming it was her right in democracy .
She should have been arrested .
If it had been acid would she still be walking away ?
We had better get a grip of this situation and , frankly , public people should n't be expected to be physically assaulted with such impunity . "
Deen 's mother , Sheila , herself a long - standing member of Greenpeace , said at her home in Brighton : " I 'm proud she 's got the courage of her convictions and she 's prepared to take direct action for injustice .
It 's not easy , to know you run the risk of being arrested .
When Leila usually makes custard it 's quite lumpy , but this looked pretty smooth . "
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) -- Hailey
Woldt put on the traditional black abaya , expecting the worst .
Hailey Woldt , in a traditional Muslim head scarf , studied how people react to her garb in Arab , Alabama .
more photos »
The last time she 'd worn the Muslim dress that , with a head scarf , covered everything but her face , hands and feet , she was in Miami International Airport , where the stares were many and the security check thorough .
This time , she was in a small town called Arab .
Arab , Alabama , no less .
" I expected people to say , ' What is this terrorist doing here ?
We do n't want your kind here , ' " said Woldt , a 22 - year - old blue - eyed Catholic , recalling her anticipation before stepping into a local barbecue joint .
" I thought I would n't even be served . "
Instead , Woldt 's experiment in social anthropology opened her own eyes .
Apart from the initial glances reserved for any outsider who might venture through a small - town restaurant 's doors , her experience was a pleasant one .
On her way to the bathroom , Woldt said , " One woman 's jaw dropped , but then she smiled at me .
...
That little smile just makes you feel so much better . "
This unexpected experience has just been one of Woldt 's takeaway moments on her current journey .
She is one in a team of five mostly 20 - something Americans , led by an esteemed Muslim scholar , who are crisscrossing the nation on an anthropological mission .
Their purpose : to discuss American identity , Muslim identity , and find out how well this country upholds its ideals in a post - September 11 world .
Meet the team members »
Leading this six - month charge , which began in the fall , is Akbar Ahmed , the Islamic studies chairman at American University in Washington .
His drive to do this was beyond academic .
" As a social scientist ... as a Muslim , it was almost my moral duty ... to be involved in some way in the exercise of talking about , explaining , debating [ and ] discussing Islam , " explained Ahmed , 65 , who took a year 's sabbatical to focus his energies .
" After 9/11 , Islam became the most talked - about , controversial , debated , hated and , really , mystified religion in America .
I just could n't sit it out . "
So Ahmed devised the project that 's been dubbed Journey into America .
This " voyage of discovery , " as he called it , is an offshoot of a 2006 endeavor that took him , and a few of those traveling with him now ( including Woldt ) , into the Muslim world abroad .
That initial trip involving visits to mosques , madrassas ( religious schools ) and private homes from Syria to Indonesia became the basis of Ahmed 's book , " Journey into Islam : The Crisis of Globalization . "
He said during the recent Atlanta , Georgia , leg of the journey that although the trip abroad helped answer many questions about how Americans are viewed overseas , it failed to paint a complete picture .
" These questions Americans were asking [ about Muslims ] could not be answered without Americans looking at themselves ... and looking at Muslims in the context of their own culture and society , " the professor explained .
The group needed " to talk to Muslims and examine what they knew about American culture , American society and how they actually adjusted or assimilated or integrated -- or not -- into larger American society . "
To that end , the team has hung out with a black Muslim rapper in Buffalo , New York ; met with Latino Muslims in Miami , Florida ; and swapped stories with refugees , dotting the country , from places as diverse as Bosnia , Afghanistan and Somalia .
See photos from their journey »
They 've withstood the winds at Ellis Island in New York and on the shores of Plymouth Rock in Massachusetts , walked the neon - splattered streets of Las Vegas , Nevada , and navigated the country roads of the South .
Along the way , they 've weighed in with academics , other religious leaders , law enforcement officials and activists .
Many of the group 's meetings and visits are chronicled in their blog .
The importance of this work became apparent to Frankie Martin years ago .
The 25 - year - old Episcopalian , whose father works for the government , was living in Kenya when U.S. embassies in East Africa were bombed in August 1998 , killing hundreds and highlighting the threat of al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden .
" I remember coming back to the U.S. and talking about these issues [ relations between Islam and the West ] , and people were just blank , " he said .
Then , September 11 rocked the United States , and he entered college at American University " wanting to know why this is happening and what could be done about it ....
I wanted to learn more about the Muslim world , understand the religion of Islam and improve relations . "
Part of the process involves pushing themselves to stand where they 've never stood before .
At October 's Muslim Day parade in New York , Craig Considine , 23 , threw himself into the middle of protesters to witness and film a volley of venomous words .
Among them were insults against Prophet Mohammed , which prompted heated rhetoric from both sides , as people hurled taunts at each other .
The young filmmaker said he did n't feel a thing until he walked away , turned his camera off and allowed himself to think .
" Both sides , the protesters and the responders , were all Americans and completely failed to see eye - to - eye , " he explained .
" I was just very disappointed .
... I do n't think I 've ever seen hatred like that in my whole life . "
Jonathan Hayden , who 's worked for Ahmed for nearly five years , pointed out that even the less heated moments can be enlightening .
He told the story of answering a tear - filled question posed by a Midwestern woman who admitted that she 'd never met a Muslim .
" ' Do they love their children ? ' " Hayden , 30 , remembered her asking .
" We were able to tell her that , yes , they love their children .
...
But the fact that she asked that question told us so much . "
The group 's central goal is to highlight the need to understand Islam , something they hope to further accomplish through a book Ahmed will write and a documentary they hope to produce .
" The Muslim world population is 1.4 billion people .
By the middle of the century , one out of four people will be Muslim .
... [ There are ] 57 Muslim countries today .
Think of the number , " Ahmed said .
" America -- as a superpower , as a world leader -- needs to be able to interact in a positive way with one - fourth of the world 's population . "
He estimated that there are 7 million Muslims and counting in the United States today .
And their dreams and hopes , Ahmed and the others are convinced , are n't any different from those of their neighbors .
Sheikh Salahadin Wazir , who had dinner with the group and invited its members to his Atlanta - area mosque for Friday afternoon prayers , praised the project .
" It 's important to hear what Muslims are all about from a Muslim perspective .
We are law - abiding citizens .
We are professionals , " said Wazir , as he stood outside Masjid Al - Momineen in Clarkston , Georgia .
" A lot of our children are going to school , getting a higher education , and the future is bright . "
For Madeeha Hameed , 21 , being part of this project has been especially personal .
The senior at the College of William & Mary in Virginia , who took last semester off to travel as much as she could but has since gone back to school , moved to northern Virginia from Pakistan right before high school -- and right before the September 11 attacks .
" It was very difficult for me .
...
You know how high school is , " she said .
" I did not want to be known as a Muslim or a Pakistani , because I just wanted to fit in .
I had a lot of anger toward my identity . "
Reading Ahmed 's books , getting the opportunity to tag along on this current journey , " definitely helped me embrace my identity " and helped her to appreciate all that surrounds her , she said .
" There are so many aspects of this country , and of Islam , that I was n't aware of . "
All About Islam • Religion
Zimbabwe 's political foes are sharing power in an uneasy coalition Zimbabwe 's new coalition government has adopted a 100 - day renewal plan aimed at mending ties with the West after years of isolation under Robert Mugabe .
Ministers on a three - day retreat hammered out the plan which is meant to yield a new constitution by next year .
Restrictions on foreign media are due to be lifted and human rights restored .
Correspondents at the talks say there is some scepticism that such ambitious targets can be met in such a short space of time .
After Zimbabwe quit the Commonwealth in 2003 , the EU and US imposed travel bans on Mr Mugabe and his circle .
Morgan Tsvangirai , leader of the Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) , was sworn in as prime minister in February 2009 , following months of wrangling over a power - sharing agreement originally signed with Mr Mugabe in September 2008 .
Meeting and bonding
Five priorities have been set out in the plan agreed in the resort town of Victoria Falls : restoring human rights , addressing security concerns , stabilising the economy , building infrastructure and re-engaging the international community .
Relaxation of the media regulations means that independent local and international media should be allowed to operate freely .
Broad consultations are due to be be held on the new constitution ahead of a stakeholders ' conference three months from now .
Patrick Chinamasa , the justice minister and an MP from Mr Mugabe 's Zanu - PF party , said his country wanted normal relations with the West .
" We have committed ourselves to normalising relations between Zimbabwe and those countries which disengaged their relationship and this is primarily the EU , the United Kingdom , the United States and the white Commonwealth countries , " he said .
" So we have now said that we are going to re-engage them .
A core team of ministers has been set up to spearhead the re-engagement . "
Eric Matinenga , the constitutional affairs minister and an MP from Mr Tsvangirai 's MDC , said broad consultations would be held on the new constitution .
" We are already starting to engage the various groups and the population to make sure that the constitution is acceptable to the people of Zimbabwe , " he said .
Former political rivals may have faced each other and bonded , Zimbabwean journalist Brian Hungwe reports from Victoria Falls , but the big task now is implementation .
Tsvangirai tragedy Mr Tsvangirai was at the talks in Victoria Falls but left on Saturday after hearing news of a new family tragedy , less than a month after his wife Susan died in a car crash which he himself survived .
His two - year - old grandson Sean drowned in a swimming pool at Mr Tsvangirai 's home in Harare on Saturday afternoon , spokesman James Maridadi said .
The boy was the child of Mr Tsvangirai 's son Garikai and his wife Lilian , who are based in Canada , the spokesman told AFP news agency .
He will be buried on Monday in Buhera , south - east of the capital , next to his grandmother Susan .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
イクために欠かせない女性への前戯 エッチやセックスにおいて挿入以上に大事で大切な行為、それが前戯です。実際に挿入以上に前戯が好きと答える女性もたくさんいるほどなので、お互いに気持ちが満足するまで前戯を行う事で、性行為に至った時でも満足のいく性行為をする事ができます。そこで今回は、前戯について「前戯の種類」「前戯のメリット 」「やり方」を説明するので女性の前戯について詳しくなる事で、より深い愛情を持ったセックスが楽しめます。 :前戯のメリット 前戯を行う事でお互いが性的な興…
イクために欠かせない女性への前戯の続きを見る
新人デリヘル嬢の魅力と気を付ける事 風俗を頻繁に利用する風俗ファンの男性が一番利用しているのが「デリベリーヘルス」でしょう。自宅の部屋にいる時も、出張などでビジネスホテルにいる時も、部屋にいながら利用できる所がデリヘルの魅力ですよね。またデリヘルは全国どこでもある風俗で、出張や旅行が多い男性なら風俗通になっているのではないでしょうか。そんなデリヘルでも何度も利用しているうちにマンネリ感が出てくるかもしれません。そんな時にリフレッシュする気持ちで新人デリヘル嬢を指名してはいかがでしょうか？まだ風俗業界に染まっていない純粋な女性な…
新人デリヘル嬢の魅力と気を付ける事の続きを見る
学生時代の貧乏だった僕の性処理は大家のおばさん
学生で下宿をしていた時の話です。大家のおばさんは45歳くらいで、体がムチムチでお色気抜群の熟女でした。いつも朝はアパートの前で水撒きや掃除をして、必ず挨拶をする事が日課でした。大家さんは凄くいい人で旦那さんは学生の僕よりも早くに出勤しているので、顔はまだ見たことありませんでした。時にはご飯まで作ってくれるとても親切な大家さん。そんな感じだったので真面目に家賃を支払っていました。その頃は彼女もいて、時には下宿先に連れ込んだりして、その事も大家さん…
学生時代の貧乏だった僕の性処理は大家のおばさんの続きを見る
肉食女子が勘違いしている行動 男を狩る女性の姿は魅力的で、まるで血に飢えた獣な肉食女子。「私は純粋」と思っている女性でも「他人と比べると積極的」であれば、男性から見たら肉食の部類に入ってしまう事でしょう。そんな一見エッチに不自由しなそうな肉食系女子だが、肉食系女子だからこそ勘違いしているエッチの行動があります。そこで今回はエッチ中に肉食系女子がやりがちな行動や男性の心理を探っていきます。 :気持ち良いの勘違い 肉食女子で一番勘違いしている事が、「男性の気持ち良い」で…
肉食女子が勘違いしている行動の続きを見る
ダブル不倫の相手に中出しを求めた淫乱人妻 生理が送れて、思い切って産婦人科に行くと「おめでとうございます！」と言われた。微笑んで帰ってきたけれど、主人との子供ではない。実はダブル不倫の相手、子供のサッカークラブのコーチ。主人が相手してくれなかった時期と彼から声をかけられた時のタイミングが一緒で、つい体を重ねてしまった。彼とは何度もセックスを行ったが一度もゴムを付ける事もなく、私も生のままが嬉しかった。初めのエッチの時は安全日で、彼の優しい前戯と濃厚なシックスナインに酔ってしまい、挿入を…
ダブル不倫の相手に中出しを求めた淫乱人妻の続きを見る
The emasculation has begun .
When will Steele learn that there ’s only one leader of the Republican party ?
And it ’s never going to be him .
For people who scream and yell that Limbaugh is n’t the story , that Limbaugh is irrelevant , Mr. Irrelevant sure took his pound of flesh out of Michael Steele , and continues to take it .
Disturbing arguments from DOJ betray intention to make government immune from any legal challenge over wiretapping
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Wednesday , April 8 , 2009
Advocacy group Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) has warned that the Obama administration is seeking to expand the government ’s authority to carry out wiretapping under the auspices of national security .
The EFF points to the dismissal of its own litigation against the National Security Agency for the warrantless wiretapping , warning that arguments made in defense of wiretapping by Obama ’s Department of Justice are worse than Bush’s .
EFF writer Tim Jones explains the arguments that were made by the DOJ in the Jewel v. NSA case :
First , they argued , exactly as the Bush Administration did on countless occasions , that the state secrets privilege requires the court to dismiss the issue out of hand .
They argue that simply allowing the case to continue “ would cause exceptionally grave harm to national security . ”
As in the past , this is a blatant ploy to dismiss the litigation without allowing the courts to consider the evidence .[… ] it ’s the Department Of Justice ’s second argument that is the most pernicious .
The DOJ claims that the U.S. Government is completely immune from litigation for illegal spying — that the Government can never be sued for surveillance that violates federal privacy statutes . [ … ]
The Obama Administration goes two steps further than Bush did , and claims that the US PATRIOT
Act also renders the U.S. immune from suit under the two remaining key federal surveillance laws : the Wiretap Act and the Stored Communications Act.
Essentially , the Obama Administration has claimed that the government cannot be held accountable for illegal surveillance under any federal statutes .
The Obama Administration ’s full motion to dismiss can be read here ( PDF ) .
In short , not only is the Obama administration actively defending and protecting Bush officials over illegal wiretapping , they are arguing in favor of expanding the practice and already seeking to protect themselves and any other administration past or present from legal challenge .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
( Article continues below )
Watch a Keith Olbermann report on this story :
When dovetailed with recent announcements by Obama ’s Director of National Intelligence Admiral Dennis Blair , that the NSA is seeking to expand it ’s power , a clear and disturbing picture emerges .
Blair ’s intention to encompass all electronic communications within the NSA ’s scope is a direct continuation of the policy under the Bush administration .
Last year the former US National Intelligence Director Mike McConnell announced plans for cyberspace spying that would make the current debate on warrantless wiretaps look like a “ walk in the park ” .
The plan would mean giving the government the authority to examine the content of any e-mail , file transfer or Web search .
This is exactly the kind of thing we warned our readers of before Obama was elected .
Instead of repealing the freedom stripping tools put into place by the Bush administration , Obama is continuing to use them and is even seeking to enhance them .
This article was posted : Wednesday , April 8 , 2009 at 10:21 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Have you noticed that we describe the market and economy as if they were living entities ?
The market is showing signs of stress .
The economy is healthy .
The economy is on life support .
Sometimes , we act as if the economy is larger than life .
In the past , people trembled in fear of dragons , demons , gods , and monsters , sacrificing anything — virgins , money , newborn babies — to appease them .
We know now that those fears were superstitious imaginings , but we have replaced them with a new behemoth : the economy .
Even stranger , economists believe this behemoth can grow forever .
Indeed , the measure of how well a government or corporation is doing is its record of economic growth .
But our home — the biosphere , or zone of air , water , and land where all life exists — is finite and fixed .
It ca n’t grow .
And nothing within such a world can grow indefinitely .
In focusing on constant growth , we fail to ask the important questions .
What is an economy for ?
Am I happier with all this stuff ?
How much is enough ?
A timely new book by York University environmental economist Peter Victor , Managing Without Growth : Slower by Design , Not Disaster , addresses the absurdity of an economic system based on endless growth .
Dr. Victor also shows that the concept of growth as an indispensable feature of economics is a recent phenomenon .
The economy is not a force of nature — some kind of immutable , infallible entity .
We created it and , when cracks appear , it makes no sense to simply shovel on more money to keep it going .
Because it ’s a human invention , an economy is something we should be able to fix — but if we can’t , we should toss it out and replace it with something better .
This current economic crisis provides an opportunity to re-examine our priorities .
For decades , scientists and environmentalists have been alarmed at global environmental degradation .
Today , the oceans are depleted of fish while “ dead zones ” , immense islands of plastic , and acidification from dissolving carbon dioxide are having untold effects .
We have altered the chemistry of the atmosphere with our emissions , causing the planet to heat up , and have cleared land of forests , along with hundreds of thousands of species .
Using air , water , and soil as dumps for our industrial wastes , we have poisoned ourselves .
For the first time in four billion years of life on Earth , one species has become so powerful and plentiful that it is altering the physical , chemical , and biological features of the planet on a geological scale .
And so we have to ask , “ What is the collective impact of everyone in the world ? ”
We ’ve never had to do that before and it ’s difficult .
Even when we do contemplate our global effects , we have no mechanism to respond as one species to the crises .
Driving much of this destructive activity is the economy itself .
Years ago , during a heated debate about clear - cutting , a forest - company CEO yelled at me , “ Listen , Suzuki :
Are tree huggers like you willing to pay to protect those trees ?
Because if you ’re not , they do n’t have any value until someone cuts them down ! ”
I was dumbstruck with the realization that in our economic system , he was correct .
You see , as long as that forest is intact , the plants photosynthesize and remove carbon dioxide from the air while putting oxygen back — not a bad service for animals like us that depend on clean air .
However , economists dismiss this as an “ externality ” .
What they mean is that photosynthesis is not relevant to the economic system they ’ve created !
Those tree roots cling to the soil , so when it rains the soil does n’t erode into the river and clog the salmon - spawning gravels , another externality to economists .
The trees pump hundreds of thousands of litres of water out of the soil , transpiring it into the air and modulating weather and climate — an externality .
The forest provides habitat to countless species of bacteria , fungi , insects , mammals , amphibians , and birds — externality .
So all the things an intact ecosystem does to keep the planet vibrant and healthy for animals like us are simply ignored in our economy .
No wonder futurist Hazel Henderson describes conventional economics as “ a form of brain damage ” .
Nature ’s services keep the planet habitable for animals like us and must become an integral component of a new economic structure .
We must get off this suicidal focus on endless , mindless growth .
Take David Suzuki’s Nature Challenge and learn more at www.davidsuzuki.org/.
" Those methods , read on a bright , sunny , safe day in April 2009 , appear graphic and disturbing . "
So Dennis Blair , President Obama 's director of national intelligence , stated as he sought to minimize the significance of four previously secret Justice Department memos that employed tortured legal reasoning to authorise CIA agents to use cruel and abusive tactics to interrogate suspects inside secret prisons .
" It was a bright cold day in April , and the clocks were striking thirteen . "
So begins George Orwell 's classic novel of the security state , 1984 .
It seems unlikely that Blair intended the allusion .
Maybe every incoming US director of national intelligence is required to read 1984 , and the opening line just stuck with him .
But the reference could not have been more appropriate .
The four Justice Department memos , spanning 124 pages of dense legal analysis and cold clinical descriptions of sustained , systematic abuse of human beings , do precisely what Orwell foretold : twist the English language in order to approve the unthinkable .
How else could one conclude that slamming a suspect 's head against the wall , depriving him of sleep for more than a week , forcing him into stress positions and dark , confined boxes for hours at a time , and waterboarding him repeatedly – 183 times in the case of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , and 83 times in the case of Abu Zubaydah - was not " torture , " and not even " cruel , inhuman , or degrading ? "
All such conduct is prohibited by the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman , or Degrading Treatment or Punishment , a treaty the US signed and ratified into law in 1988 .
So the lawyers ' job should have been to tell the CIA that they could not use these tactics – which in any event have never been shown to be more effective than alternative forms of interrogation .
Instead , the lawyers – including John Yoo , now a professor at Berkeley and Jay Bybee , now a federal judge - undertook to read the treaty prohibitions to authorise precisely what they were designed to prohibit .
The legal arguments employed are stunningly bad .
None of the interrogation tactics result in severe physical or mental pain or suffering , the threshold required for torture , the lawyers reasoned , because US military trainers have used most of them on our own soldiers to train them to withstand abuse by their captors .
But to be subjected to waterboarding in a voluntary setting by someone you know is on your side and has no intention to harm you is completely different from being subjected to such treatment by the enemy , where the fear of death is perfectly reasonable .
The fact that my children sometimes hide in a dark box when playing hide and seek does n't meant that it 's not inhuman , degrading , and possibly torture to confine a human being against his will to such a box for hours on end .
The fact that consensual sex does not inflict severe physical or mental pain or suffering does not mean that rape does n't .
Most of the attention thus far has gone to the memos interpreting the criminal torture statute , but the most outrageous memo is surely the fourth one [ PDF ] , signed by Stephen Bradbury , which argues that these tactics are not even " cruel , inhuman , or degrading " – a much lower threshold than torture .
The memo first contends that the treaty 's prohibition on such abuse does not protect foreign nationals held outside our borders , only Americans .
But the very purpose of an international human rights treaty is to protect all human beings from outrages to human dignity – and dignity does not turn on what passport you happen to hold .
The memo goes on to argue that even if the prohibition extended to foreign nationals held abroad , none of these tactics are in fact cruel , inhuman , or degrading .
If you asked any class of 10 - year - olds the same question , I doubt a single one would disagree that forced nudity , stress positions , slamming people into walls , slapping their faces and abdomens , confining them in dark boxes , and suffocating them until they fear they are drowning , are cruel , inhuman , and degrading .
Indeed , that is their point .
But the 10 - year - olds would not have had the benefit of a legal education .
The Justice Department lawyers reasoned that only conduct that " shocks the conscience " can be considered cruel , inhuman or degrading , and that even though the Supreme Court has held that the slightest use of force " shocks the conscience " in a domestic criminal investigation , the very same tactics lose their shocking character when perpetrated in the name of national security .
In fact , federal courts have held that merely questioning an individual while he is suffering from pain not inflicted by the questioners " shocks the conscience . "
If that 's the case , then logic would seem to dictate that deliberately inflicting pain for the purpose of questioning also shocks the conscience .
But in this instance , neither logic nor law dictated .
The end was deemed to justify the means , and these lawyers were only too willing to torture the law to let the torturers loose .
Long live George Orwell .
We know you 're struggling to believe your eyes , but those Qflix burners actually are still hanging around .
For those who missed all the action last year , these devices enable users to download a DRM - laced film onto their PC and burn it onto a specially - keyed DVD for playback .
In other words , you can forget about toasting flicks to that dusty stack of DVD - Rs you 've got laying around from late ' 05 .
For whatever reason , Dell has seen fit to extend its partnership with Sonic Solutions by offering internal Qflix drives on the Studio XPS Desktop , Studio XPS 435 , Studio Desktop and Studio Slim Desktop .
The wild part ?
Its actually charging more for having you clean out its inventory .
Wait … make sure you are not paying $ 9.95 for a2hosting shared hosting plan , not even $ 7.95 per month .
You can get the same thing for much lesser price , make sure you are getting it at $ 6.36 per month , lowest price !
You could save more than $ 57 dollars by using this a2hosting coupon .
Once you apply following a2 hosting coupon code , make sure you click the “ calculate total ” at a2hosting checkout page , and later you will see $ 57.24 dollars ripped off your bill .
And your final total is $ 228.96 for 36 months term , and this equal to $ 6.36 per month only .
Instead of paying regular price of $ 7.95 per month
A2 Hosting Coupon $ 6.36 per month : review20 ( valid until 31th Oct 2009 )
The Gossage Vardebedian Papers
By Woody Allen
My Dear Vardebedian :
I was more than a bit chagrined today , on going through the morning 's mail , to find that my letter of September 16 , containing my twenty - second move ( knight to the king 's fourth square ) , was returned unopened due to a small error in addressing precisely , the omission of your name and residence ( how Freudian can one get ? ) , coupled with a failure to append postage .
That I have been disconcerted of late due to equivocation in the stock market is no secret , and though on the above - mentioned September 16 the culmination of a long - standing downward spiral dropped Amalgamated - Matter off the Big Board once and for all , reducing my broker suddenly to the legume family , I do not offer this as an excuse for my negligence and monumental ineptitude .
I goofed .
Forgive me .
That you failed to notice the missing letter indicated a certain disconcertion on your part , which I put down to zeal , but heaven knows we all make mistakes .
That 's life and chess .
Well , then , the error laid bare , simple rectification follows .
If you would be so good as to transfer my knight to your king 's fourth square I think we may proceed with our little game more accurately .
The announcement of checkmate which you made in this morning 's mail is , I fear , in all fairness , a false alarm , and if you will reëxamine the positions in light of today 's discovery , you will find that it is your king that lies close to mate , exposed and undefended , an immobile target for my predatory bishops .
Ironic , the vicissitudes of miniature war !
Fate , in the guise of the dead - letter office , waxes omnipotent and voilà !
the worm turns .
Once again , I beg you accept sincerest apologies for the unfortunate carelessness , and I await anxiously your next move .
Enclosed is my forty - fifth move :
My knight captures your queen .
Sincerely ,
Gossage
Gossage :
Received the letter this morning containing your forty - fifth move ( your knight captures my queen ? ) , and also your lengthy explanation regarding the mid-September ellipsis in our correspondence .
Let me see if I understand you correctly .
Your knight , which I removed from the board weeks ago , you now claim should be resting on the king 's fourth square , owing to a letter lost in the mail twenty - three moves ago .
I was not aware that any such mishap had occurred , and remember distinctly your making a twenty - second move , which I think was your rook to the queen 's sixth square , where it was subsequently butchered in a gambit of yours that misfired tragically .
Currently , the king 's fourth square is occupied by my rook , and as you are knightless , the dead - letter office notwithstanding , I cannot quite understand what piece you are using to capture my queen with .
What I think you mean , as most of your pieces are blockaded , is that you request your king be moved to my bishop 's fourth square ( your only possibility ) an adjustment I have taken the liberty of making and then countering with today 's move , my forty - sixth , wherein I capture your queen and put your king in check .
Now your letter becomes clearer .
I think now the last remaining moves of the game can be played out with smoothness and alacrity .
Faithfully ,
Vardebedian
Vardebedian :
I have just finished perusing your latest note , the one containing a bizarre forty - sixth move dealing with the removal of my queen from a square on which it has not rested for eleven days .
Through patient calculation , I think I have hit upon the cause of your confusion and misunderstanding of the existing facts .
That your rook rests on the king 's fourth square is an impossibility commensurate with two like snowflakes ; if you will refer back to the ninth move of the game , you will see clearly that your rook has long been captured .
Indeed , it was that same daring sacrificial combination that ripped your center and cost you both your rooks .
What are they doing on the board now ?
I offer for your consideration that what happened is as follows :
The intensity of foray and whirlwind exchanges on and about the twenty - second move left you in a state of slight dissociation , and in your anxiety to hold your own at that point you failed to notice that my usual letter was not forthcoming but instead moved your own pieces twice , giving you a somewhat unfair advantage , would n't you say ?
This is over and done with , and to retrace our steps tediously would be difficult , if not impossible .
Therefore , I feel the best way to rectify this entire matter is to allow me the opportunity of two consecutive moves at this time .
Fair is fair .
First , then , I take your bishop with my pawn .
Then , as this leaves your queen unprotected , I capture her also .
I think we can now proceed with the last stages unhampered .
Sincerely ,
Gossage
P.S. : I am enclosing a diagram showing exactly how the board now looks , for your edification in your closing play .
As you can see , your king is trapped , unguarded and alone in the center .
Best to you .
G
Gossage :
Received your latest letter today , and while it was just shy of coherence , I think I can see where your bewilderment lies .
From your enclosed diagram , it has become apparent to me that for the past six weeks we have been playing two completely different chess games myself according to our correspondence , you more in keeping with the world as you would have it , rather than with any rational system of order .
The knight move which allegedly got lost in the mail would have been impossible on the twenty - second move , as the piece was then standing on the edge of the last file , and the move you describe would have brought it to rest on the coffee table , next to the board .
As for granting you two consecutive moves to make up for one allegedly lost in the mail surely you jest , Pops .
I will honor your first move ( you take my bishop ) , but I cannot allow the second , and as it is now my turn , I retaliate by removing your queen with my rook .
The fact that you tell me I have no rooks means little in actuality , as I need only glance downward at the board to see them darting about with cunning and vigor .
Finally , that diagram of what you fantasize the board to look like indicates a freewheeling , Marx Brothers approach to the game , and , while amusing , this hardly speaks well for your assimilation of Nimzowitsch on Chess , which you hustled from the library under your alpaca sweater last winter , because I saw you .
I suggest you study the diagram I enclose and rearrange your board accordingly , that we might finish up with some degree of precision .
Hopfully ,
Vardebedian
Vardebedian ,
Not wanting to protract an already disoriented business ( I know your recent illness has left your usually hardy constitution somewhat fragmented and disorganized , causing a mild breach with the real world as we know it ) , I must take this opportunity to undo our sordid tangle of circumstances before it progresses irrevocably to a Kafkaesque conclusion .
Had I realized you were not gentleman enough to allow me an equalizing second move , I would not , on my forty - sixth move , have permitted my pawn to capture your bishop .
According to your own diagram , in fact , these two pieces were so placed as to render that impossible , bound as we are to rules established by the World Chess Federation and not the New York State Boxing Commission .
Without doubting that your intent was constructive in removing my queen , I interject that only disaster can ensue when you arrogate to yourself this arbitrary power of decision and begin to play dictator , masking tactical blunders with duplicity and aggression a habit you decried in our world leaders several months ago in your paper on " De Sade and Non-Violence . "
Unfortunately , the game having gone on non-stop , I have not been able to calculate exactly on which square you ought to replace the purloined knight , and I suggest we leave it to the gods by having me close my eyes and toss it back on the board , agreeing to accept whatever spot it may land on .
It should add an element of spice to our litter encounter .
My forty - seventh move :
My rook captures your knight .
Sincerely ,
Gossage
Gossage :
How curious your last letter was !
Well - intentioned , concise , containing all the elements that appear to make up what passes among certain reference groups as a communicative effect , yet tinged throughout by what Jean - Paul Sartre is so fond of referring to as " nothingness . "
One is immediately struck by a profound sense of despair , and reminded vividly of the diaries sometimes left by doomed explorers lost at the Pole , or the letters of German soldiers at Stalingrad .
Fascinating how the senses disintegrate when faced with an occasional black truth , and scamper amuck , substantiating mirage and constructing a precarious buffer against the onslaught of all too terrifying existence !
Be that as it may , my friend , I have just spent the better part of a week sorting out the miasma of lunatic alibis known as your correspondence in an effort to adjust matters , that our game may be finished simply once and for all .
Your queen is gone .
Kiss it off .
So are both your rooks .
Forget about one bishop altogether , because I took it .
The other is so impotently placed away from the main action of the game that do n't count on it or it'll break your heart .
As regards the knight you lost squarely but refuse to give up , I have replaced it at the only conceivable position it could appear , thus granting you the most incredible brace of unorthodoxies since the Persians whipped up this little diversion way back when .
It lies at my bishop 's seventh square , and if you can pull your ebbing faculties together long enough to appraise the board you will notice this same coveted piece now blocks your king 's only means of escape from my suffocating pincer .
How fitting that your greedy plot be turned to my advantage !
The knight , groveling its way back into play , torpedoes your end game !
My move is queen to knight five , and I predict mate in one move .
Cordially ,
Vardebedian
Vardebedian :
Obviously the constant tension incurred defending a series of numbingly hopeless chess positions has rendered the delicate machinery of your psychic apparatus sluggish , leaving its grasp of external phenomena a jot flimsy .
You give me no alternative but to end the contest swiftly and mercifully , removing the pressure before it leaves you permanently damaged .
Knightyes , knight !to queen six .
Check .
Gossage
Gossage :
Bishop to queen five .
Checkmate .
Sorry the competition proved too much for you , but if it's any consolation , several local chess masters have , upon observing your technique , flipped out .
Should you want a rematch , I suggest we try Scrabble , a relatively new interest of mine , and one that I might conceivably not run away with so easily .
Vardebedian
Vardebedian ,
Rook to knight eight .
Checkmate .
Rather than torment you with the further details of my mate , as I believe you are basically a decent man ( one day , some form of therapy will bear me out ) , I accept your invitation to Scrabble in good spirits .
Get out your set .
Since you played white in chess and thereby enjoyed the advantage of the first move ( had I known your limitations , I would have spotted you more ) , I shall make the first play .
The seven letters I have just turned up are O , A , E , J , N , R , and Zan unpromising jumble that should guarantee , even to the most suspicious , the integrity of my draw .
Fortunately , however , an extensive vocabulary coupled with a penchant for esoterica , has enabled me to bring etymological order out of what , to one less literate , might seem a mishmash .
My first word is " ZANJERO . "
Look it up .
Now lay it out , horizontally , the E resting on the center square .
Count carefully , not overlooking the double word score for an opening move and the fifty - point bonus for my use of all seven letters .
The score is now 1160 .
The Obama administration and torture
11 April 2009
On Thursday , Leon Panetta , the director of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) , issued an internal memo declaring the Obama administration ’s opposition to the investigation of intelligence personnel who carried out torture under the Bush administration .
The statement , announcing a blanket amnesty for those who have committed grave violations of international and human rights law , came on the heels of a leaked International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) report that detailed , and defined as torture , the CIA ’s horrifying “ enhanced interrogation ” methods .
( See : Red Cross report details CIA war crimes )
The media has largely ignored the ICRC report , instead seizing on parts of Panetta ’s memo that indicate the Obama administration will decommission CIA “ black site ” prisons and cease using private contractors in interrogations .
Panetta claims that CIA personnel cannot be investigated because they were acting under legal findings crafted by Bush administration Justice Department officials — findings the Obama administration has thus far refused to make public .
The memo reads , “ Officers who act on guidance from the Department of Justice — or acted on such guidance previously — should not be investigated , let alone punished . ”
Yet international law , including precedents established in the Nuremberg trials of Nazi military and civilian officials , makes clear that this “ just following orders ” defense is not applicable to violations of human rights and war crimes such as torture .
Nuremberg Principle IV states , “ The fact that a person acted pursuant to order of his Government or of a superior does not relieve him from responsibility under international law , provided a moral choice was in fact possible to him . ”
More importantly , Panetta ’s claim that CIA personnel were only following orders begs the question :
Why not prosecute those who gave the orders ?
There are two primary reasons for the Obama administration ’s opposition to any investigation of Bush administration torturers .
In the first place , a serious investigation of torture , extraordinary rendition and the global gulag of prison black sites would implicate not only those who carried out these policies and high - ranking Bush administration officials , but also the Democratic Party and the US media .
The entire American political and media establishment is implicated in criminal methods traditionally associated with fascist and totalitarian regimes .
In the wake of the September 11 terrorist bombings , the media , liberal as well as conservative , spearheaded a campaign to justify the torture of terrorism suspects as a necessary part of the so - called “ war on terror . ”
At the time , articles appeared in leading publications such as the New York Times and Washington Post uncritically presenting intelligence and military officials ’ defense of torture .
The magazine Newsweek infamously ran an article entitled “ Time to Think About Torture , ” which argued that “ survival might well require old techniques that seemed out of the question . ”
For their part , Democratic congressional leaders were briefed by Bush officials on the criminal methods being employed , supported them , and provided political cover for the US government ’s violations of international law .
The Military Commissions Act , passed by Congress with significant Democratic support in 2006 , sanctioned the legal chimera “ enemy combatant , ” thus denying terrorism suspects recourse to the legal system of any country or to any international body .
The liberal wing of the Democratic Party is steadfastly opposed to criminal investigation of the Bush administration .
Senator Patrick Leahy , who postures as a defender of democratic rights , has proposed a toothless “ truth commission , ” which would take as its starting point the rejection of criminal prosecution of perpetrators .
Such a procedure could have but one purpose — to bury the crimes of the Bush years and “ move on . ”
Even this meager proposal has been abandoned by the Democratic leadership , which proceeds from the standpoint that the less discussion on torture , the better .
Second , Obama seeks to keep at his disposal similar methods as those used by Bush , while effecting a cosmetic change in image .
If the administration is opposed to holding accountable those who perpetrated war crimes and violations of both US statutes and international human rights laws , then all of its verbal disavowals of torture and affirmations of “ American values ” are worthless .
It should be recalled that Bush also declared repeatedly that “ We do not torture . ”
The Panetta memo underscores the essential continuity in Washington ’s personnel and policies .
Obama has retained leading Bush administration figures who are implicated in all its policies , including the defense secretary , Robert Gates , and the military brass responsible for conducting the brutal colonial wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Like all of his attempts to distance his administration from the policies of his predecessor , Obama ’s purported closure of the secret prisons is full of loopholes .
Panetta did not say when the secret prisons — which likely exist in Poland , Romania , Jordan , Morocco and Thailand , among other places — would be closed , while claiming that the CIA has not sent any people to the black sites since he took over the CIA ’s helm in February .
But since their locations remain classified , it is impossible for third parties , including the ICRC , to investigate Panetta ’s assertion that there are currently no suspects in the prisons .
At the same time , Panetta declared that the CIA “ retains the authority to detain individuals on a short - term transitory basis . ”
He did not explain on what evidence a suspect could be detained .
Moreover , the reference to “ short - term and transitory ” imprisonment deliberately leaves open the door for extraordinary rendition , whereby those abducted in the “ war on terror ” are moved , without access to any legal system , to third countries to be tortured there .
Panetta and other administration officials have all but acknowledged that this practice will continue .
Nor does the closure affect the large prison camps in Iraq and Afghanistan where the US military holds thousands of captives and where some of the worst examples of abuse have taken place .
Obama ’s protection of Bush administration officials and his continuation of its basic policies — whatever the change in rhetoric and tone — shows that these illegal and anti-democratic methods are the consensus policies of the US ruling elite .
The liberal and “ left ” groups that continue to claim that Obama can be pressured into defending democratic rights and enacting social reforms are only serving to cover up Washington ’s crimes .
It is not only a matter of justice that those who carried out torture be brought to justice .
It is also a political necessity .
Unless the crimes of the CIA and military are brought to light , the US ruling elite will eventually use these methods against its political opponents at home as well as abroad .
The inability and refusal of any section of the US political and media establishment to forthrightly oppose torture and the panoply of related police - state methods openly employed in the Bush years testifies to the political and moral collapse of American democracy and the demise of American liberalism .
The only social force that can put an end to such crimes and defend democratic rights is the working class , which must exert its independent political and social interests in a struggle against both parties of the corporate - financial elite and the capitalist system they defend .
This struggle must include the demand for a full and public investigation into the crimes of the Bush administration and the criminal prosecution of all those , beginning with Bush himself , who authorized torture , illegal detention , abductions and similar violations of international law .
Tom Eley
The author also recommends :
US liberal pundits debate the value of torture
[ 10 November 2001 ]
Tom Eley
KDE GB is any KDE contributor in Britain .
People
Andy Crouch ( M )
Anne Wilson ( M )
Chris Howells ( M )
Colin Guthrie ( M )
David Edmundson
David Jarvie ( M )
Fred Emmott ( M )
George Goldberg ( M )
John Layt ( M )
Jonathan Riddell ( M ) Treasurer
Kenny Coyle ( M )
Kenny Duffus ( M ) Secretary
Malcolm Hunter ( M )
Mark Purcell ( M )
Matt Williams ( M )
Mike McQuaid ( M )
Paul Adams ( M )
Peter Murdoch ( M )
Richard Moore ( M )
Stuart Jarvis ( M ) Chair
Thomas Gillespie ( M )
Thomas McGuire ( M )
David Hubner
Rick Timmis
... add yourself here
Names maked ( M ) are formal members of KDE GB ( see below for applying ) .
Communication
KDE GB mailing list http://lists.quaker.eu.org/mailman/listinfo/kde-gb
Activities
Currently none , in the past we have attended Linux exhibitions and conferences but those seem to have dried up / gone out of business in Britain .
A 4.4 release party was held in Glasgow in April 2010 .
We had a meeting in Stirling in October 2010 .
Minutes
Legal Status
We are an unincorporated membership society with a constitution and a bank account at Bank of Scotland run by Jonathan Riddell .
You can apply for membership by writing to the secretary ( Kenny Duffus ) .
Membership is open to all e.V. members in Britain and any other active KDE contributor in Britain .
At our October 2010 meeting we agreed to register as a charity , this will let us claim back Gift Aid on Join the Game donations .
Jonathan has now dropped this idea , the paperwork needed seems excessive for something with little backing from KDE e.V .
KDE GB accounts : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AosntDLfgW_kdFQzWmZjTkt5X1lWQ3FFdXB3QkpTZ3c#gid=0
Close
In 2019 the e.V. board put a block on activities of KDE GB .
With no sign of this being lifted the organisaton was shut down .
The Bank of Scotland account is now closed and money transfered to e.V.
The Paypal account is also closed .
In figures : How the UK is changing
NATIONAL STATISTICS REPORT
Read the full report here [ 2.9MB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
The UK 's official statisticians have published their annual insight into how life is changing in modern Britain .
Here are some of the discoveries highlighted in the latest edition of their report , and what these say about changing lifestyles , circumstances and habits in the UK .
HOME ALONE
There were 25 m households in Great Britain in 2008 , according to the report , and the average household had between two and three people living in it .
The report highlights an increase in the number of people living alone .
In 1971 , 6 % of households were home to just one person .
By 2008 this had doubled to 12 % .
Couples without children now form a quarter of all households , up from 19 % in 1971 .
Lone - parent households now account for 11 % of the total , up from 4 % in the 1971 survey .
FLYING THE NEST
Almost a third of men and a fifth of women aged between 20 and 34 live at home with their parents , with children aged 20 to 24 particularly likely to remain in the family home .
The report suggests a " narrowing of the generational gap " between parents and children has made it easier for grown - up children to remain at home .
It also concludes that an increase in the number of students in higher education may have seen young adults either stay at home , or return to their parents after university , for financial reasons .
YOUNG PEOPLE : HOUSING AND CRIME
The report finds that , according to 2006 data , almost a third of families are living in " non-decent homes " which fail to meet the statutory minimum requirements for housing .
Almost one in 10 are also exposed to environments of excessive cold owing to a lack of proper heating or insulation , and a similar number live in a home suffering " serious disrepair " .
One in four young people aged 10 to 25 had been a victim of crime in the last 12 months when surveyed in 2006 , according to figures for England and Wales .
Almost one in 10 young people had been injured in an assault , while 11 % had been assaulted but escaped unharmed and 12 % had been a victim of personal theft .
DECLINE IN MARRIAGE
In the early 1970s , more than 400,000 marriages took place in England and Wales each year .
By 2006 , that figure had fallen to 236,980 - the lowest since 1895 and almost half the total recorded in 1940 , when over 470,000 marriages took place .
The report adds that people in the UK are increasingly likely to marry later in life .
In 1996 , just over one in six people getting married were aged between 35 and 39 .
In 2006 that figure was closer to one in four , while fewer brides and grooms were aged 20 to 24 .
The average age at first marriage is now 31 for men , and 29 for women .
NEW HOLIDAY DESTINATIONS
Britons are becoming increasingly adventurous with their choice of holiday destination , according to the report .
More than 10 times as many holiday - makers visited Latvia in 2007 as in 2003 , with other eastern European nations experiencing a similar boom in British visitors .
Package holidays , however , are on the wane as far as European destinations are concerned .
There were 18.7 m package holiday trips abroad in 2007 but , whereas 56 % of trips to European countries were package tours in 2000 , seven years later that figure had fallen to 39 % .
UK residents embarked on more than 56 m international flights in 2007 , up 26 m on a decade earlier , but international journeys by sea had decreased by 3m .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Conficker : Doomsday , or the World 's Longest Rickroll ?
When it comes to criminal hackers , establishing motive is usually a no - brainer :
In a majority of cases , computer worms and viruses are little more than tools that bad guys use to make money .
But every so often , a prolific and sophisticated worm or virus emerges that is n't so obviously connected to a financial scheme .
Almost every time this happens , people start to get nervous and spin wild theories about the threat , until the hype surrounding said threat starts to reach a fever pitch .
This is exactly what 's happening with the latest version of the worm dubbed " Conficker , " a contagion that has infected millions of PCs worldwide .
Computers already infected by the worm are supposed to be automatically updated with some unknown software component on April Fools Day .
That 's more or less the sum of what computer experts know about the rhyme or reason behind this worm , but it has n't stopped pundits and the press alike from issuing ominous warnings .
The Sun , in London , blares : " MILLIONS of computers around the world could go into meltdown on April 1 because of a deadly virus .
The Windows worm called Conficker could give a hacker unrestricted access to every infected machine on the planet . "
The take from Canada 's The Globe and Mail begins ominously : " Deep within the World Wide Web , there is an undercurrent of potential chaos building - a malicious piece of code that has already prompted the French military to ground some fighter planes . "
I think part of what 's fueling the sense of dread and uncertainty around Conficker is that the latest version seeks to avoid barriers erected earlier this year in a bid to defeat the spread of the worm .
For example , the last version of the worm -- Conficker .b -- told infected systems to visit one of 250 new Web sites each day to try to download an unknown secondary component .
That second - stage download never happened because the security community came together in an extraordinary and unprecedented effort to temporarily set aside the domains being sought by the Conficker botnet .
The Conficker Cabal as it came to be called , also had to win the cooperation of several sovereign nations , since many of the domains were created in country - code domains controlled by those nations , such as China 's dot-cn and Western Samoa 's dot -ws .
In response , the worm 's authors upped the ante by shipping Conficker.c , which increased the number of download domains to 50,000 , and the number possible country - code domains in which those Web site names could be registered to 110 .
You would hardly know it from the press reports so far , but the Conficker Cabal has not been sitting idly by in the face of this new threat .
According to Cabal member Rick Wesson , chief executive at San Francisco based security firm Support Intelligence , the group has managed to engage all but one of those countries so far -- the Republic of the Congo .
Wesson said the group 's efforts are ongoing but already bearing fruit .
" It 's going surprisingly well , " he said .
" Many countries have already implemented mechanisms to prevent the registration of Conficker domains . "
Security software maker F - Secure has put together an interesting and entertaining FAQ on Conficker , which I highly recommend that anyone worried about this threat go read .
F- Secure also has a free cleaning tool available at that link .
Byron Acohido at USA Today has compiled a very readable timeline of notable events in Conficker 's brief history .
What I find most fascinating about Conficker is that its real legacy may well turn out to be beneficent .
To date , there really has n't been a threat that has given countries on opposite ends of the globe a unifying , urgent reason to work against a single Internet menace .
Yet , due to the work of the Conficker Cabal and affected parties , that is starting to change .
" We 're literally relying on people in Latvia to protect computer networks in Brazil , and the other way around , too , so each country has some capability and some responsibility once they understand the role they can play here , " Wesson said .
" No matter what happens with Conficker , it 's created something here .... a beautiful opportunity to bring cyber security to the kitchen table . "
There is a high and horrific rate of lesbians being raped as part of a " corrective " measure to alter their sexual orientation in South Africa , with little penalty or action on the part of authorities to hold the perpetrators accountable .
Reports suggest that there may be as many as 10 " corrective " rapes per week !
Lesbians and gays are recognized under the South African constitution , but crimes against them are not considered hate crimes .
31 lesbian women have been murdered in homophobic attacks since 1998 and in all that time there has only been 1 conviction .
Please sign the petition telling South African President Kgalema Motlanthe to consider " corrective " rape against lesbians a hate crime .
Imprisoned Fateh leader , Marwan Barghouthi , serving five consecutive life terms in Israeli prisons , obtained his PHD degree in Political Science .
Israel kidnapped the Palestinian official , an elected legislator , and accused him of forming the Al Aqsa Brigades , the armed wing of Fateh , and held him responsible for the death of several Israelis .
Barghouthi , 50 , joined the University of Cairo and the Arab Academy for Research and Studies in 1999 , just three years before Israel arrested him .
His thesis “ The Legislative and Political Performance of the Palestinian Legislative Council ( PLC ) and the Contribution of the PLC to the Democratic Process in Palestine in the period between 1996 and 2008 .
His theses , 341 pages , will be presented to the Dead of the Arab Academy for Research and Studies , Ahmad Yousef .
The Jerusalem Post reported that Barghouthi managed to obtain the needed books and materials authorized by the Israeli Authorities .
It is worth mentioning that in 1980 , Barghouthi managed to obtain his high school certificate while he was imprisoned by Israel .
After completing school and being released Barghouthi obtained his B.A degree and masters from the Bir Zeit University near Ramallah .
The Fateh leader was brought in front of an Israeli court and was convicted on May 20 , 2004 .
Israel claimes that Barghouthi organized attacks that led to the death of 21 Israelis .
On June 6 , 2004 , he was sentenced to five life - terms and 40 years .
Barghouthi is a Palestinian leader who enjoys wide respect and support from the Palestinian people regardless of their political affiliation .
He is seen as a symbol for resistance , determination and steadfastness .
Microsoft Research has open sourced the Common Compiler Infrastructure : Metadata ( CCI ) and CCI : Code and AST projects containing a set of libraries used by compilers and other programming tools to manipulate metadata in CLR assemblies and debug files .
The CCI : Metadata components subsume System .
Reflection while CCI : Code and AST subsumes System .
CodeDom .
CCI does not actually load the assemblies it accesses , but it reads / writes their metadata , and it does not open a dependency assembly until it is needed .
When working with CLR PE files , CCI can write to them any object that implements the metadata model interfaces ( Microsoft.Cci.MetadataModel ) .
The CCI : Metadata API contains :
a Metadata Model
a CLR PE Reader
a CLR PE Writer
a metadata helper class ( static methods in Microsoft.Cci.MetadataHelper.dll )
implementation classes for the Metadata Model interfaces
a Source Model to work with source files
a PDB reader
a PDB writer
The CCI : Code and AST project contains :
a Code Model used to read statements and expressions
a Mutable Code Model which represents a modified code model since the Code Model offers a read - only view of the code
an AST Model to extract AST nodes .
“ AST nodes take care of things such as binding names to definitions , overload resolution and error checking .
The AST components are designed to support incremental compilation , while allowing for efficient projection onto the immutable code model . ”
The project is supported by RiSE , a Microsoft Research team .
Providing you with the best information using leading background screening technologies .
All States Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming
Disclaimer : BeenVerified cannot be used for employment or tenant screening .
BeenVerified is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA .
( Budget Travel ) --
They may no longer be used for repelling enemy hordes or otherwise defending the kingdom , but these castles still have their rugged good looks .
More than 900 years old , Leeds Castle regularly received Henry VIII as a guest .
ENGLAND
Bamburgh Castle , Bamburgh , Northumberland .
Fortifications have stood on this rocky outcrop near the North Sea since the 5th century .
In the 12th century , King Henry II acquired the structure , and later it was snapped up by William Armstrong , a wealthy Victorian industrialist .
Still owned by Armstrong 's descendents , the castle has served as the location for several movies , including Roman Polanski 's 1971 version of " Macbeth . "
After you tour the castle , which is open to the public from March to October , hop over to nearby Holy Island for a visit to Lindisfarne Castle .
This stunner also overlooks the sea and is accessible only at low tide ( the causeway connecting it to the mainland floods at high tide ) .
011-44/16-6821-4515 , bamburghcastle.com , admission $ 10.75 ( £ 7 ) .
Leeds Castle , Maidstone , Kent .
More than 900 years old , this moated castle regularly hosted that much - married Tudor , Henry VIII .
Its current success as one of England 's most popular tourist attractions is due to the work of the blue - blooded Olive Wilson Filmer , who outbid William Randolph Hearst to buy the castle for $ 873,000 in 1926 ( that 's over $ 10 million in today 's dollars ) .
Filmer used the rest of her fortune to restore and beautify the structure and its surroundings .
On the grounds are several mazes , a display on falconry , and a dog - collar museum .
011-44/16-2276-5400 , leeds-castle.com , admission ( valid for a year ) $ 25.25 ( £ 15 ) .
Budget Travel gallery :
See the world 's most beautiful castles
SCOTLAND
Eilean Donan , Dornie , Scottish Highlands .
Planted on an island in the middle of a loch , Scotland 's most famous castle looks as if it 's been there forever .
It does date back to 1220 , but the original structure was destroyed in 1719 and lay in ruins for two centuries .
In 1919 , Lieutenant Colonel John Macrae - Gilstrap bought it and began restoration .
He was helped by the stonemason Farquar Macrae , who claimed to have seen in a dream how the original castle looked in earlier times .
The castle was rebuilt according to Macrae 's specifications ; later , plans found at Edinburgh Castle proved his vision correct .
The " new " castle was finished in 1932 .
011-44/15-9955-5202 , eileandonancastle.com , admission $ 7.75 ( £5 ) .
WALES
Beaumaris , Angelsey , Wales .
The English king Edward I began raising this castle as part of his campaign to conquer Wales .
Work began in 1295 , but the castle had not been completed when the money ran out ( as so often happened with castles ) , and it remains unfinished to this day .
Castles are thick on the ground in North Wales : Within easy driving distance from Beaumaris , you 'll find the major structures of Conwy , Harlech , and Caernarfon , as well as two small , romantic ruins , Dolbadarn and Dolwyddelan .
But Beaumaris remains the most beautiful .
011/44-12-4881-0361 , beaumaris.com , admission $ 5.75 ( £ 3.70 ) .
GERMANY
Neuschwanstein Castle , Hohenschwangau , Bavaria .
Ludwig II of Bavaria -- a.k.a.
Mad King Ludwig -- commissioned a set designer to create Neuschwanstein .
Engineers broke ground in 1869 , but King Ludwig did n't get much chance to enjoy his over - the - top palace .
In 1886 , as the castle was nearing completion , he died under suspicious circumstances ; his body was found floating in a lake , with the body of his physician nearby .
Despite this unhappy ending , Neuschwanstein remains the quintessential fairy - tale castle :
It was a major inspiration for Sleeping Beauty 's Castle at Disneyland .
011-49/83-6293-9880 , neuschwanstein.de , admission $ 13 ( €9 ) .
DENMARK
Kronborg Castle , Helsingør .
Dating back to the 1420s , Kronborg is one of the best - preserved Renaissance castles , despite the various alterations it 's undergone since then .
Positioned next to a strait separating the Danish island of Sjælland from Sweden , it had great strategic power over the sea traffic -- not enough , however , to prevent the persistent Swedes from conquering it in 1658 .
Kronborg gained more lasting fame as the castle in Shakespeare 's " Hamlet . "
011-45/3392-6300 , kronborgcastle.com , admission $ 16.50 ( 85 DKK ) .
FRANCE
Château de Castelnaud , Castelnaud - la - Chapelle , Dordogne .
This impressive fortress , located on the limestone rocks above the Dordogne River , overlooks a former enemy , the Château de Beynac .
During the Hundred Years ' War , the English held Castelnaud and the French controlled Beynac , with both nations hoping to control this sensitive border region .
These days Castelnaud is known for its Museum of Medieval Warfare , which includes reconstructions of giant crossbows and trebuchets , the huge slings used to hurl rocks at castle walls .
011-33/55-331-3000 , http://www.castelnaud.com/fr/, admission $ 11 ( €7.60 ) .
Haut - Koenigsbourg Castle , Orschwiller , Alsace .
The hilltop position of this 12th - century castle , more than 2,000 feet above the Alsace plain , kept it safe for centuries .
Destruction came in 1462 and again in 1633 after a siege by Swedish soldiers during the Hundred Years '
War , after which it was overgrown by the forest and abandoned .
Now it 's a popular stop for tourists visiting the Alsatian wine region .
011-33/38-882-5060 , haut-koenigsbourg.fr , admission $ 10.50 ( €7.50 ) .
ROMANIA
Bran Castle , Bran , Brasov .
Both the keepers of Bran Castle and the Romanian Tourist Board are keen to emphasize links between Bran Castle and Vlad the Impaler , the inspiration for Bram Stoker 's Count Dracula .
The connections are tenuous , but there 's no denying the spooky charm of this massive structure 's many turrets and towers .
Some of the furniture on display was owned by Marie of Romania , a granddaughter of Queen Victoria who turned down a proposal from the future King George V of England and married the king of Romania instead .
011-40/26-823-8333 , http://www.brancastlemuseum.ro/, admission $ 4.25 ( 12 leu ) .
SWITZERLAND
Château de Chillon , Lake Geneva , Montreaux .
As with most real estate , it 's often location , location , location that makes all the difference with castles .
On an island near the edge of Lake Geneva , Château de Chillon is no exception .
Excavations here have turned up evidence of a Bronze Age settlement , but the castle as it now stands was created between the 12th and 18th centuries .
Its popularity got a huge boost in 1816 .
That year , following a visit , Lord Byron published his long poem " The Prisoner of Chillon " ; the work refers to the " seven pillars of Gothic mold " that stand in " Chillon 's dungeons deep and old . "
011-41/21-966-8910 , http://www.chillon.ch/, admission : $ 11 ( 12 Swiss francs ) .
Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE !
Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .
Note :
This story was accurate when it was published .
Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .
All About Travel and Tourism
Americans Less Confident in Their Retirement Savings – 2009 EBRI Survey Finds
The recent 2009 survey by Employee Benefit Research Institute ( EBRI ) finds that an increasing number of Americans are now less confident in their retirement savings .
Workers who are very confident in having enough money for a comfortable retirement is now at 13 % , which is the lowest since 1993 when EBRI started conducting these surveys .
Continuing economic turmoil , job losses , inflation and cost of living are the main concerns .
Larger numbers of Americans now are planning to either delay their retirement or are expecting to continue to work in their retirements to supplement their incomes .
Workers are now trying to save more money and cut expenses .
On a positive note , 75 % of all workers respond that either they or their spouse now have retirement savings which is the highest ever measured .
On a worrying note , less workers are now agreeing with ‘ You enjoy financial planning ’ or ‘ Over the long run , you believe stocks in general will be a very good investment ’ .
Additionally , higher income workers are more likely to agree that stocks will be a very good long run investment compared to the lower income workers .
While the results are in line with what we suspected given the economic situation in the nation , it is still alarming to see that people are getting alienated from the good common sense financial planning ideas that have generally stood the test of time over a long period of time .
There is a sense of “ This time it is different kind of recession ” .
It is rarely different and we will come out of this recession as we have always done and stocks will continue to deliver the best long term returns as they have always done .
Still , this is a good time to review your retirement plans and asset allocations and make sure that they are in line with your retirement savings goals and the risk tolerance .
It also does not hurt to get in the habit of cutting expenses and maximizing your savings .
Source : Ruth Helman , Craig Copeland , and Jack VanDerhei , “ The 2009 Retirement Confidence Survey : Economy Drives Confidence to Record Lows ; Many Looking to Work Longer , ” EBRI Issue Brief , no .
328 , April 2009 .
What a welcome change to feel like someone is running the country instead of running it into the ground .
President Obama has done more in eight weeks than George W. Bush did in eight years - unless you include starting a couple of wars .
Cafferty :
It 's almost as though our president was born to do exactly what he 's doing .
While the armchair quarterbacks second guess the new president , he gets up every day and does things , lots of things .
Whether it 's creating commissions for women and girls , ordering the investigation of President Bush 's use of signing statements , or jamming a huge stimulus package through Congress , the man is working his tail off .
And he seems to be loving every minute of it .
It 's almost as though our president was born to do exactly what he 's doing .
He 's leading , and boy , is that refreshing .
To read jack 's full CNN.com column , click here .
Woz doing the worm , robot , and more .
I 'd watch this movie .
As long as he keeps his undershirt on .
[ Jimmy Kimmel , More on Woz Dancing ]
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
So is this what President Obama had in mind ?
General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) - under an end - of - May deadline to come up with a viable plan of operation - has joined forces with personal - transporter maker Segway to develop a two - seat , two - wheeled , electrically powered vehicle for use navigating city streets .
The prototype for the new vehicle - called Project P.U.M.A. , which stands for Personal Urban Mobility and Accessibility - was unveiled Tuesday in New York .
The two - person scooter - mobile travels up to 35 miles per hour and runs as much as 35 miles between recharges , the companies said .
The vehicle runs on large - format lithium - ion batteries that the companies say produce no emissions , making it environmentally friendly .
The companies said Project P.U.M.A. also features real - time traffic and other connectivity technology similar to GM's OnStar system for automobiles .
It also includes a system that prevents the scooter from bumping into other objects .
" Project P.U.M.A. represents a unique solution to moving about and interacting in cities , where more than half of the world 's people live , " said Larry Burns , GM vice president of research and development and strategic planning , in a written statement .
Segway is known for the two - wheel individual personal transporters on which a rider stands upright .
The devices are often used by urban police departments and by the security forces of tourist attractions such as theme parks and zoos .
More than a toy : Peter Shankman , a New York City - based social media strategist , was one of the first to buy the original Segway in 2001 , and he is optimistic about P.U.M.A .
" The [ original ] Segway was really more of a toy , " said Shankman .
" It was great , but it was a toy for people who were gadget freaks and airport cops .
But this thing actually could be something .
You can have two people , you have room to store bags , and it has a cover , so you could ride it in the rain . "
Still , he noted , it 's not big enough to fetch groceries or haul anything .
GM and Segway would not disclose the price of the new P.U.M.A. , but said that the two - wheeler would cost between one - quarter and one - third what it costs to own and operate a traditional car .
" That is a lot of money for something that you can't carry groceries in , " said Shankman , who paid $ 5,000 for his Segway in 2001 .
In the nick of time : For General Motors , Project P.U.M.A. comes at a crucial time .
The nation 's biggest automaker , which has already received $ 13.4 billion in emergency federal loans , has been given until the end of next month to come up with a viable plan of operation .
Obama , in his statement last month on the status of GM and Chrysler , said U.S. companies " are investing in breakthrough technologies that hold the promise of new vehicles that will help America end its addiction to foreign oil . "
" It is understandable that GM would do something like [ P.U.M.A. ] to get some favorable attention , " said Gerald Meyers , professor of management at the University of Michigan Business School .
" However , it is not a significant product offering .
It is an interesting , good - feeling attempt to look like they are adventuresome and enlightened and modern . "
But , he added , while " they will get some credit for that , it wo n't make one scintilla of difference in the marketplace or to any serious money manager . "
Obama said that in order to get further aid from the government , GM must do such as things as pare unprofitable brands , clean up its balance sheet , and work with unions and creditors to come up with a way to do business in the future .
The possibility of a bankruptcy filing looms , either as part of a restructuring or the failure to come up with a suitable plan .
By Phil Mercer
BBC News , Sydney
Dharug is firmly embedded in Chifley College 's curriculum
The sounds of a lost language echo across a packed classroom in suburban Sydney as high school children help to revive an ancient part of Australia 's rich indigenous culture .
Dharug was one of the dominant Aboriginal dialects in the Sydney region when British settlers arrived in 1788 , but became extinct under the weight of colonisation .
Details of its demise are sketchy but linguists believe the last of the traditional Dharug speakers died in the late 19th Century , and their unique tongue only survives because of written records .
In a remarkable comeback , Dharug now breathes again - its revitalisation helped by the efforts of staff at Chifley College 's Dunheved campus in Sydney .
" We 've already reclaimed it .
That 's why there is so much interest .
People are already speaking it , " said teacher Richard Green , who , like others , has fought passionately to rejuvenate the ways of his ancestors that were lost after European settlement .
" They were n't allowed to speak it .
They had to learn English or they were punished , " he added .
Language ' engineering '
When the British ships arrived , there were about 270 different Aboriginal languages in Australia .
Today , only about 60 or 70 are spoken on a daily basis .
Of these , roughly half a dozen are considered to be strong and are being passed from adults to their children , according to John Hobson , a lecturer at Sydney University .
It 's good especially for the black fellas - you get to talk about your own culture and all that , learn more stuff
Student Steven Dargin
" We can regard any language in the world as worth preserving because it has its own unique nature and contains information that we might not be able to express or find in other languages , " he told the BBC .
" These are the first languages of Australia .
They have suffered incredible attrition at the hands of over 200 years of the invasion of English . "
Other indigenous dialects in Australia have been revived but the revitalisation process may require what experts describe as " language engineering " - the borrowing of phrases and words or the coining of new vocabulary for a modern world in ways similar to those undertaken by New Zealand 's Maori and the Hawaiians .
" I often compare Aboriginal languages to something somewhere between Japanese and Latin .
That surprises people because the gut approach is to go for something primitive and simplistic which they are definitely not .
" They are an item of cultural pride and are very complex languages , " said Mr Hobson .
Talking culture At Chifley College , where around a fifth of the students are Aboriginal , Dharug is taught twice a week with great energy through repetition and song .
" Badagarang ! " shouts the class when asked the word for kangaroo .
Dingo , wallaby and koala are derived from Dharug .
DHARUG GLOSSARY Hello - warami Goodbye - yanu Possum - wubin Kangaroo - badagarang
White cockatoo - garraway Relatives ( family ) - mudyin Land ( countryside ) - bembul Ocean - garragarang
White man - tullamulla
Evil spirit - gubba
The language courses are open to non-indigenous pupils , who now have a greater understanding of their country 's rich indigenous history .
For Aboriginal students like Steven Dargin , 16 , it is all about identity and pride .
" It 's good especially for the black fellas , " he said .
" You get to talk about your own culture and all that .
Learn more stuff and speak it out of school . "
His cousin Colleen Dargin , 16 , was equally enthusiastic .
" It 's all about the Aboriginal language because not many people know it and it's real good that Mr Green is in there teaching us , " she said .
Dharug is firmly embedded in the college 's curriculum and Joyce Berry , the deputy principal , wants to export the idea to other schools .
" It is a really big journey that we are on , " she said .
" It would be wonderful if it could go across to other schools as well and that is the aim .
" If this can work , it is something that a school in western Sydney has been able to achieve with the support of the elders , " she said .
" If we can do that it 's going to be such a wonderful thing not just for the school but for the Dharug community . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
France and Germany have called for tougher regulation for the world 's financial system at the G20 summit .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy , who has threatened to walk out of the meeting , said that new financial regulation was a " non-negotiable goal " .
In London 's financial district , police and protesters have clashed .
A protester died after he collapsed .
Meanwhile , US President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle have met the Queen at Buckingham Palace .
The G20 leaders attended a state dinner at Downing Street , where they began to hammer out a final agreement .
They were served a meal of Welsh lamb , Jersey Royal new potatoes and asparagus cooked by celebrity chef Jamie Oliver .
The formal summit meeting will take place on Thursday in the Excel Centre in London 's Docklands .
There have been divisions between France and Germany , who want the financial system to be subject to far stricter rules , and the US and the UK , who have emphasised the need for more government spending to boost the world economy .
But early signs are that a consensus is emerging and a deal will be reached .
The main sticking point may be how much extra money the International Monetary Fund will receive to help countries in trouble , while there is agreement in principle on regulation and government spending .
Political talks
Throughout the day , the leaders held bilateral talks to thrash out final details of the proposed reform plans .
Key developments included :
French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have held a joint press conference to underline their call for tighter regulation of the global financial sector .
France and Germany united at G20
Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who earlier met with President Obama , insisted that a global deal is just " hours away "
President Obama met Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , and accepted an invitation to visit Moscow in July .
Both also agreed to start talks about a nuclear disarmament deal Russia and US renew nuclear talks
Mr Obama also met the Chinese Premier Hu Jintao .
The two men agreed to work together to enhance US - China relations , and Mr Obama accepted Mr Hu's invitation to visit China later this year China and US pledge co-operation
Aid group Oxfam has called on the G20 to commit to a $ 580 bn rescue package for Africa .
G20 must give money to Africa 
Protests
Police said that up to 5,000 protesters - anti-capitalists , anarchists , and climate change activists - had descended on London 's financial centre , with 32 people arrested .
The protesters stayed late into the night .
In the early evening , a man collapsed and stopped breathing while protesting , police said .
He was taken to a nearby hospital , where he was pronounced dead .
G20 PROTESTS : KEY FLASHPOINTS
Protests by mix of groups focused on major banks in Threadneedle Street
Riot police clashed with some protesters and at least 20 arrests were made
Climate change protesters set up camp outside European Climate Exchange Protests are expected to target conference at ExCel centre on 2 April
Your pictures : G20 protests
Earlier , some protesters got on to the roof of the Bank of England , while windows were broken at a nearby branches of RBS and HSBC .
However , elsewhere there was more of a carnival atmosphere , particularly in Bishopsgate where a climate change camp has been set up .
On Thursday , the protests are expected to focus on the ExCel centre in London 's Docklands , where the summit will be held .
' Sense of urgency '
After a breakfast meeting with Prime Minister Gordon Brown , US President Barack Obama said a " sense of urgency " was needed to confront the most severe economic crisis since World War II .
He said the G20 had to reject protectionism and support emerging markets , and called for countries to work together .
" The United States is committed to working alongside the United Kingdom in doing whatever it takes to stimulate growth and demand and to ensure that a crisis like this never happens again , " the US President said .
Mr Brown said the G20 leaders were hours away from agreeing a plan for economic reform .
President Sarkozy and Chancellor Merkel said institutions that did not comply with new any rules agreed by the summit should be identified .
Meanwhile , the head of the International Monetary Fund , Dominique Strauss Kahn , told the BBC that the most important thing was for countries to clean up their balance sheets .
He also wanted the IMF 's funds doubled .
Indeed , the IMF may be the main winner in the summit , the BBC 's economics editor Stephanie Flanders says .
Aside from women and music , cars should also never be dated and unpleasing .
It ’s true ; who is there that does n’t like a beautiful car ?
Well , everyone dreams about a nice looking and awesomely running car .
Here is a list of five most beautiful that you see treading the road the road this year .
5. Pontiac Solstice Coupe
It ’s a fact that most of beautiful cars are expensive , but the Pontiac Solstice Coupe 2009 seems to suggest this is not an exclusive domain for rich only .
It ’s definitely a lot more than a convertible Solstice that has quite sufficient sheet metal as well as cargo space .
With its integrated rear flanks , a liftback window and a traga double - bubble top , the Solstice Coupe is a real beauty .
The biggest flaw of the Solstice convertible has been corrected with its hardtop .
Though more and more are becoming a victim of credit crunch with every passing day , many may not resist to this inspiring beauty that will hit the market with $ 25,000 price tag early next year .
4. Aston Martin V - 8 Vantage
If some reckons Aston Martin ’s small V - 8 Vantage a seven - eights - scale DB9 , there is nothing wrong with it .
It has almost the same size as of a Nissan 370Z , but it is quicker indeed and higher in price as well .
We need to find how Aston can get off charging $ 80,000 for the V - 8 Vantage ?
It ’s quite easier to find as the V - 8 Vantage is definitely a lot more beautiful with its short - deck and long - hood formula .
3. Aston Martin DBS 2009
The new flagship DBS , which based on DB - 9 , is undoubtedly the most beautiful Aston that has ever been produced .
But at the same time it is a lot more expensive as well with $ 260,000 price tag .
In the body carbon fiber is really a dominant material and its classic proportions have been blessed with quite exceptionally edgy curves that all make a real gorgeous road star .
2. Maserati GranTurismo 2009
Almost auto enthusiasts know well what prosodic fabulousness Maserati is quite habitual to offer , and there are only a few vehicles that can compete its Gran Turismo when it comes to beauty of a vehicle .
It seems quite ahead in beauty and styling when compared to quite well - designed Aston Martin DBS that has front midship engine layout and long hood .
It ’s a real beauty for all those who can sense what beauty means for when it comes to autos .
1. Alfa Romeo 8C Competizione
With its teardrop windows , almond headlamps , billowing fenders and other quite organized details ; the 8C is stunningly beautiful and sexy in its each and every look .
The wheels of the 8C have already been ranked among the ten hottest wheels of the year .
It features quite charming face metal while underhood looks as charming as its wrapper .
Indeed , a nice option for those who want nice functionality with astounding amount of beauty .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Scores of people have been killed in two suicide bombings in Iraq .
At least 48 people , mostly Iranian pilgrims , died when a suicide bomber blew up a restaurant in Baquba , in the north - east , officials say .
In Baghdad , a suicide bomber killed at least 28 people - detonating a belt of explosives as police distributed aid to a crowd of homeless families .
Violence has fallen sharply in the last year but insurgents continue to carry out attacks across Iraq .
The deaths in Baquba , Diyala province , happened when a suicide bomber struck a roadside restaurant packed with Iranian pilgrims , military officials said .
About 63 people were also injured , and the restaurant demolished .
Of the dead , only two were not Iranian , Reuters news agency reported .
Women and children are crying from pain beside me in the hospital
Issam Salim
Baghdad resident
In pictures : Baghdad aftermath Diyala governor Abdulnasir al - Muntasirbillah described the scenes at the hospital in Baquba as " catastrophic " .
" Words ca n't express it .
It is a dirty , cowardly terrorist act , " he was quoted by Reuters as saying .
The BBC's Jim Muir in Baghdad says if the Baquba casualty figures are confirmed , this will be the deadliest such attack this year .
Diyala has remained one of the two main areas of Iraq which have defied all efforts to bring them under control , our correspondent says .
Officials in Baghdad said the suicide bomber there infiltrated the crowd of displaced families as they received supplies from police in a square near the city centre .
The people had been made homeless by the sectarian conflict which erupted following the 2003 US - led invasion of Iraq .
At least five children were among the dead and more than 50 people were wounded , police say .
One man , injured by shrapnel from the blast , said a fire erupted as he waited for a bus .
Issam Salim , 35 , told Associated Press news agency : " I turned around as I fell to the ground and saw a big fire break out with black smoke .
" Women and children are crying from pain beside me in the hospital .
Some of them suffered burns . "
' Arrest ' investigated Meanwhile , Iraqi media quoted security officials saying they had arrested Abu Omar al - Baghdadi , the purported leader of the Sunni Arab group the Islamic State in Iraq .
However , defence ministry spokesman Maj Gen Mohammed al Askari told the BBC " we 're not sure " when asked about the arrest .
DNA and other investigations had yet to establish the identity of the man arrested , the BBC was told .
In Washington , a Pentagon spokesman said the US military was investigating the arrest claim , AP reported .
On Wednesday , the US Department of Defence 's top Middle East adviser said insurgent attacks would probably increase as US forces started to leave , but added that there was no plan to delay troop departures .
US President Barack Obama says the Pentagon will withdraw all but 35,000 to 50,000 troops from Iraq by the end of August 2010 .
A joint security agreement requires all US troops to be out of Iraq by the end of 2011 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Certain bacteria have learned to manipulate the proportion of females and males in insect populations .
Now Uppsala University researchers have mapped the entire genome of a bacterium that infects a close relative of the fruit fly .
The findings , published in PNAS , reveal extremely high frequencies of gene exchange within this group of bacteria .
In the future it is hoped that it will be possible to use sex- manipulating bacteria as environmentally friendly pesticides against harmful insects .
Bacteria belonging to the Wolbachia group are adapted to invertebrate animals such as insects , spiders , scorpions , and worms .
These bacteria spread via the female 's eggs from one generation to the next and manipulate the sex quotas among the infected animals so that more females are produced in the population .
Mechanically speaking , the bacteria convert genetic males into females or kill male embryos that are then eaten by their sisters or make females lay unfertilized eggs that all become females .
However , what happens most commonly is that the males cannot reproduce with non-infected females .
This gives the infected females a great advantage , and the infection spreads rapidly among the population .
The studies of the whole genome have shown that these bacteria carry genes that are common among higher organisms , but rare among other bacteria .
The scientists believe that the bacteria have stolen these genes from the genome in the host cell and that they now use them to manipulate the sex quotas among the insects .
" With the help of viruses , these bacteria exchange genes with each other , which leads to a rapid dissemination of genes that are thought to be important for sex manipulation , " says Lisa Klasson , one of the researchers behind the study .
The researchers have shown that the genomes of these bacteria are evolutionary mosaics , with DNA pieces from many closely related bacteria .
The effect is that each gene has its own evolutionary history and that the potential for variation is infinite .
" It 's fascinating that bacteria , with only 1,000 genes , can control complicated developmental processes and behaviors in insects , " says Siv Andersson .
By mapping how the genes in these bacteria change over time and figuring out the mechanisms behind sex manipulation , scientists will be able to lay a foundation for finding new pesticides for insects , based on nature 's own principles .
Published online 9 April 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.360
News
Curved tracks could help direct lightning or steer particle beams around colliders .
Powerful laser pulses can now be coaxed around corners .
Science
The Norse thunder god Thor deflected lightning with his hammer .
Physicists could soon replicate this feat using curved laser beams .
Bending lightning around tall buildings and away from airports , power plants and other facilities is just one application for curved laser beams , says Jerome Moloney at the University of Arizona , Tuscon .
He and his colleagues have now made the first such beams1 .
" The real novelty is that we can curve light in the lab , " he says .
Laser physicists already use beams made up of short laser pulses to etch out ' plasma channels ' .
These pulses manipulate the speed with which light travels through air — slowing it down in the centre of the beam and speeding it up at the sides .
The causes the beam to continually self - focus , helping it maintain a high intensity over large distances .
The beam ionizes the nitrogen and oxygen around it , creating a plasma .
Moloney and his colleagues have devised a way to steer these paths using another kind of laser , known as an Airy beam — named after astronomer George Biddell Airy , who discovered the mathematics governing its motion in the nineteenth century .
Airy beams bend because they are made up of a combination of waves : one leading wave , which carries most of the beam 's intensity , and many smaller trailing waves , each out of step with the next by half a wavelength .
These waves interfere with each other so that the leading wave curves one way while the tail bends in the opposite direction .
Combining an Airy beam with a high - intensity pulse beam , Moloney 's team created curved plasma channels , which can be bent or straightened further using a lens .
If such beams were fired from the ground into clouds they could , in principle , carve out tracks for lightning to follow , says Moloney .
Bend me , shape me
" Shaping these beams at such high intensity is really an impressive piece of experimental work , " says Jérôme Kasparian , a physicist University of Geneva , Switzerland , who is also working on using lasers to deflect lightning2 .
The beams can also avoid obstructions by self - healing .
As the shape and evolution of an Airy beam is governed by interference between its different parts , blocking a small part of the beam is n't enough to eradicate this information .
Once they clear the obstruction , the remaining parts of the beam will simply restructure the original Airy profile and self - focus again .
" It 's really amazing , it will almost look like it has just passed straight through the obstacle , " says Kasparian .
" This makes them very well suited to atmospheric applications because they wo n't be blocked by raindrops . "
Kasparian and his colleagues have already carried out preliminary experiments firing straight beams into clouds .
Ian Walmsley , a laser physicist at Oxford University , UK , likes the work and is optimistic about the prospect of channelling lightning .
" Technology is at a point where this could be done soon , and if they succeed that would really be quite something , " he says .
ADVERTISEMENT
Walmsley believes that the technique may have many other applications , such as bending streams of particles in next - generation colliders .
Physicists have proposed that using the electric fields associated with plasmas to accelerate charged particles to high energies would allow colliders to be much smaller than at present .
Another potential use is for etching channels into glass to create integrated optical chips , which would use light pulses rather than electrical signals sent along wires .
" This is ideal for applications that combine compactness and complexity , " says Walmsley .
Bendy laser beams that can pass through obstacles might , at first sight , also seem ideal for military applications , but that 's unlikely , says Kasparian .
That 's because only beams with small diameters — carrying relatively little energy — can be manipulated to curve significantly .
" You are not going to be able to shoot people behind walls with this , " says Kasparian , " although the military have a lot of imagination , so they may be able to come up with some other use . "
A lot of people are concerned about their retirement accounts these days .
I keep telling myself that I ’m getting a great deal , and that in a few years when the stock market rebounds , I should be in really good shape .
But that does n’t help some folks , and many are even more nervous about how they should choose investments for their retirement accounts .
This is understandable .
I recently read an interesting post at the Oblivious Investor that points out that the way most people choose mutual funds for their retirement accounts is by historical return .
While looking at a fund ’s history may give you some comfort , the fact of the matter is that — say it with me now —
“ Past returns are not a guarantee of future results . ”
Instead of staking your future on past returns , Mike , the Oblivious Investor , recommends these 4 tips for selecting mutual funds for your retirement account :
Make sure the asset allocation in the fund complements your overall portfolio .
I think Mike makes a really good point here .
You need to figure out what your own goals are , and create an overall financial and investing plan that meets your needs .
Your retirement account should fit into that plan .
Look at expense ratios .
Figure out how much of what you yield every year goes to expenses .
You want to keep more of your money in your pocket .
Choose mutual funds with low turnover .
You do n’t want a fund that keeps trading out what ’s in there .
That means that the manager is trying to time the market .
Look for funds that have long - term staying power .
Plus , managers that constantly switch out stocks are accumulating costs for selling the stock and buying a new one to replace it in the fund .
Avoid huge actively - managed funds .
If the fund is too big , Mike points out , it is likely to be more like an index fund with a really high cost .
In this case , you ’re better off just investing in an index fund on your own .
It ’s be cheaper .
It can be a daunting task to select any investment for your retirement account .
Indeed , if you are concerned about it , you might try consulting with a fee - based financial planner who can help you create an asset allocation with the right mix for your individual situation .
It costs a little up front , but it could be more than worth it in the long run .
By Casey Lynn
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
As promised when we pointed out the romantic properties of flash drives , here are some ideas for Valentine ’s Day gifts for or from the geeky guy or gal .
If you think that flowers and candy are too boring for your significant other , maybe you ’ll find something here to inspire you .
( And hey , if you ’re single like me , then this might not be a bad time to treat yourself to something fun ! )
Do you less than three some special girl ?
Love is a four letter word , which everyone knows is way too much to type when you can say it with two keystrokes–or with a necklace .
If your love is truly electric , then this might be a good way to get the message across–a flashy plasma heart powered by USB .
Or just the thing for your cubicle if you ’re waiting for sparks to fly with a cute co-worker !
You can never go wrong with something cute and fluffy .
So why not give someone mono ?
Er… a plush version of it , that is .
After all , what ’s more romantic than the kissing disease ?
A heartworm maybe ?
Or , well … you can always just fall back on a sperm cell to show how you really feel .
This shirt works on so many romantic levels .
Classic love poetry , for one .
The utter sex appeal of hexadecimal , for another .
And of course , if you ’ve found someone who gets the “ all your base ” reference too , you know it ’s true love .
Perfume is a nice standby for a romantic gift , so here ’s a slight geek twist .
Black Phoenix Alchemy Lab has a formula for every personality ( and every mood , really ) , and these lockets are a great way to showcase a scent .
There are several different designs , but I ’m rather fond of steampunk myself .
When you start deciding on a scent , you may want to consider your geek ’s literary tendencies : maybe Aziraphale , Cthulhu , or Fruminous Bandersnatch ?
( Though as far as pure pleasant - to - the - nose goes , my opinion is that you ca n’t go wrong with Dorian . )
Okay , maybe the pink gadget as a girly gift is a little cliche , but this is actually the camera that I own ( pink and all ! ) so I can vouch for its awesomeness .
And yes , it is very , very cute .
Still , if this one is n’t to your exact specifications , there are a lot to choose from .
Will your love burn for eternity ?
Prove it !
Of course , this glowing necklace has a ( replaceable ) battery life of 60 hours … here ’s hoping your relationship lasts a little longer .
Okay , maybe one more from Think Geek .
Because this one ’s just too romantic to pass up .
Can you not live without your significant other ?
Not if you ’re wearing these shirts .
Because the farther away you are , the less life you have .
Plus , remember how in Zelda your sword shoots when you have full life ?
For the geek with some extra cash .
After all , someone ’s bound to love you after you drop $ 20,000 on a diamond case for their iPhone .
Well , either that , or ask you why you did n’t just buy them a car instead .
A very happy Valentine ’s Day to everyone !
Canada ’s Internet service providers ( ISPs ) have no reason to throttle peer - to - peer ( p2p ) traffic and can use other network management techniques that have minimal end - user repercussions instead , according to top Internet experts .
Net neutrality advocates in Canada have sought out the testimony of experts involved in inventing the Internet and managing Canada ’s major backbone connection .
The Campaign for Democratic Media and the Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic ( CIPPIC ) submitted a 70 - page argument to the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) Feb. 24 , emphasizing the importance of telecommunications ’ carriers treating all types of Internet traffic equally .
Backers of the submission argue the very nature of the Internet as an open platform for innovation is at risk because of the traffic - management practices of large asset - based ISPs , such as Bell Canada and Rogers Communications .
“ We ’re not disputing that they ’re experiencing some congestion at certain points in their network , ” says Philippa Lawson , a CIPPIC associate and co-counsel for CDM .
“ But they ’ve chosen to use the most intrusive , most privacy invasive , and most damaging methods [ to deal with this ] . ”
This is n’t the first time the CRTC has examined the traffic - shaping issue .
The so called “ net neutrality ” controversy came to the fore when wholesale customers of Bell ’s network complained about p2 p traffic being throttled .
The Canadian Association of Internet Providers asked the CRTC to demand that Bell cease the practice last year , but the CRTC denied that request on Nov. 20 .
However , the Commission did promise to more closely examine the issue of traffic shaping .
At the time , the CRTC said they did n’t have enough evidence to decide if throttling was warranted or not .
Bell had not released its traffic management data , citing competitive reasons .
“ We ’re disappointed at the amount of information about their network traffic they ’ve put on the public record , ” Lawson says .
Among the experts lending testimony to the new submission is David Reed , an adjunct professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Reed was one of the main developers of the Internet , including many of its main protocols such as TCP and UDP .
Others are Andrew Odlyzko , professor at the University of Minnesota and founder of the Minnesota Internet Traffic Studies project — who is an international expert in the area of network management methods , and Bill St. Arnaud , a chief research officer at CANARIE Inc. , the organization that manages Canada ’s Internet backbone .
The researchers outline why p2p traffic throttling is unnecessary and even against Canada ’s Telecommunications Act .
They also specify some traffic control methods viewed as less intrusive and harmful to the end user .
“ Canadian ISPs have n’t even tried these techniques , ” Lawson says .
“ We think there is strong evidence Internet throttling is not necessary and is inappropriate . ”
Calgary - based Telus Corp. is an ISP that says it does not engage in any traffic shaping .
It submitted comments to the commission on Feb. 23 .
“ We do n’t think our customers want us too , ” says Craig McTaggart , director of broadband policy with Telus .
“ We think of our business as facilitating communication and not standing in the way of it . ”
Telus has a capital expenditure budget of more than $ 2 billion this year and a big portion of that is being invested in its broadband network .
In Western Canada , it plans to build fibre out to curb - side cable boxes to increase its bandwidth and offer a new TV delivery service .
The CDM - CIPPIC submission suggests that other ISPs should upgrade their networks to accommodate more users .
Researcher St. Arnaud suspects that if Canadian ISPs must throttle traffic , it is because they are signing up more customers than they can manage .
ISPs could share their rate of over - subscription ratio with the public – the number of users versus capacity .
Such a tool would allow customers to choose ISPs that are n’t already overburdened , and also serve as an incentive to build out network capacity .
Another recommendation is that ISPs could throttle all traffic equally , instead of just selecting to clamp down on p2 p .
That ’s a structure favoured by Info - Tech Research Group senior research analyst Mark Tauschek .
“ It eliminates the need for deep packet inspection ( DPI ) infrastructure , ” he says .
“ You do n’t need to inspect every packet if you ’re not discriminating against traffic . ”
DPI has raised privacy concerns in the past because it allows carriers to see specific information about the data a user is downloading .
It is a service that Bell Canada pays for , so it can identify p2 p traffic and slow it down .
The submission claims that p2p traffic throttling violates the Telecommunications
Act in two different ways .
The Act prohibits the controlling of content or influencing the meaning and purpose of telecommunications by delaying it so much that it is unusable .
Also , the overall objective of the Act is to protect privacy , encourage innovation and provide a reliable system .
“ They are unfairly discriminating against p2 p traffic , ” Lawson says .
“ If you ’re trying to download and watch a documentary and it ’s all broken up , that constitutes influencing the meaning or purpose . ”
Comments from the public are no longer being taken by the CRTC .
But CDM will collect comments until collect comments to present to the CRTC until July 6 , at its SaveOurNet.ca
Web site .
Despite more than 3,500 Canadians writing in to the CRTC in defence of net neutrality , and several submissions from public interest groups criticizing the practice , Tauschek is not optimistic about the commission upholding net neutrality .
“ It ’s astounding the amount of lobbying influence and power the ISPs have , ” he says .
“ Politicians seem to be siding with carriers despite the fact that public sentiment favours net neutrality . ”
The CRTC is expected to hold the probe July 6 in Gatineau , Que .
ROBO -COP PHASE -I AND PHASE -II
The Sarge 's Efforts to Take a Bite out of Crime !!
Over time , Sarge Oberon has acquired two Robo - Cop outfits .
The first was produced by Bruce Hansing in England and represents the first " blued - steel " toned " Phase - I " armor set worn by " Robo " in his first movie .
The mostly fiberglass outfit was very handsome and nicely finished , but proved to be somewhat fragile and very difficult to get into and wear .
And after a lot of time and effort spent trying to modify and cutting various portions of the outfit to properly fit him , he was never able to successfully put all the pieces of the outfit on and wear it in public .
The lower - leg " greaves " , foot " sabatons " and the " Achilles Tendon " piston - rods at the rear of the sabatons were particularly troublesome and many sections of the armor were joined together with screw and wing - nut connections , which were quite difficult or impossible to secure without help from a " Squire " assistant .
In reality , the Sarge , at 6 feet tall and 180 pounds was probably a little too big to effectively fit into the " RoboCop Phase - I " outfit and he has retired it to be eventually displayed on a mannequin stand .
A second Robo - Cop outfit was obtained and it has been extensively modified and improved , but still requires a " Squire 's " assistance to get into .
It represents the " steel - gray " " Phase - II " armor set that was worn by RoboCop for his appearance in the second " Robo " movie .
Enhancements included the initial attachment of most of the armor components to Velcro patches sewn onto the body - suit .
However , as the body - suit or " glove " proved to be too tight fitting and very hot to wear , it was replaced with an ordinary black cotton shirt and pants .
Some of the armor section connections were re-engineered for strength and more freedom of movement and others were retro-fitted with hinged or removable segments secured with magnet closures to make it easier to put-on and take - off the various armor components .
The photos below show the Robo - II enhancements , similarities and differences from the older Robo - I outfit .
ABOVE and BELOW - Partial test wearing of the RoboCop - II outfit using the original full body - glove under - garment , which proved to very tight - fitting , difficult to get into and quite hot to wear .
Simple black cotton under - garments were later substituted , as shown further below .
The chest armor section , the left - arm shoulder " pauldron " and elbow " couter " and the left - leg " cuisse " , " greave " and foot " sabaton " segments are being worn , along with the helm .
The lower right - leg " greave " is shown to the left and the upper right - leg " cuisse " segment is displayed to the right .
robocop -001,002 June - 2007 800 high
Side view of the RoboCop - II being worn with the original body - suit .
robocop -003 June - 2007 800 high
Due to the original body - suit being so tight - fitting and difficult to put-on , and especially very hot to wear , a black cotton " turtle - neck " exercise shirt and " long - johns " were substituted as undergarments .
This required an alternate method of securing the shoulder pauldrons in place ( shown below ) and holding up the upper -leg " cuisse " armor sections .
** ABOVE - A " garrison " military uniform type belt with downward extending tabs was fabricated to support the leg sections .
Velcro was attached to the tabs to engage the Velcro patches mounted inside the upper end of the " cuisse " sections .
A wide and sturdy belt is required to support the weight of the leg sections .
Here the black under - trousers have been pulled - down to more clearly show the supporting belt and tabs .
robocop-024,025 600
View of a full stride being made with RoboCop Phase - II outfit , showing the " Achilles Tendon " piston - rods near the limits of their range of travel .
Although the " tendon " rods may seem long when standing normally , this view shows that the apparent extra length is needed to keep the rods from disengaging from the piston castings during a full stride .
The tendon - rods on the Phase - I Robocop outfit were too short and did not extend completely through the pistons , limiting the length of stride and making walking difficult , in addition to placing great stress on the piston and rod attachments when the rod topped - out inside the piston casting .
robocop -026 600
Replacing the tight - fitting and hot to wear body - suit with a simple black cotton " turtle - neck " shirt required an alternate method of holding the shoulder pauldrons in place .
A leather strap with Velcro attached to the ends was made - up to reach between the Velcro tabs on the shoulder pauldrons , which originally were intended to attach to Velcro patches sewn to the body - suit .
The black shirt has been omitted here to show the support strap and how it fits behind the neck and is attached to the pauldrons .
The elbow segments were remounted about an inch lower to allow for a greater range of lower - arm movement , as illustrated by the right arm being bent to a full 90o angle .
The remount of the elbow can be seen on the left arm .
** BELOW -
The waist belt with tabs for supporting the upper-leg " Cuisse " armor sections is shown .
robocop-020,021,022 350
Comparison view of the " Robo - I " right - arm pauldron and elbow couter ( left ) and the " Robo - II " left - arm pauldron and couter ( right ) , with the Robo - II heavy black latex gloves in the middle .
Note the wing - nut " couter " fastening of the Robo - I elbow segment and its tighter connection to the upper-arm section , which could put stress on this somewhat fragile connection when the lower arm was bent to sharply .
The Robo - II elbow , on the right , was remounted about an inch lower to allow the elbow to rotate further and thus provide more freedom of movement and relieve potential stress at this vulnerable pivot point .
Also note the difference in detailing and coloration between the two arm - sets .
robocop -012 600h
LEFT to RIGHT - The " blued - steel " hued " Robo - I " left - leg armor and foot protecting " sabaton " with the right foot " sabaton " to the right .
The Robo - I sabaton and its piston rod were clumsy to install and the piston and rod attachments were very prone to breakage , as shown on the right - foot sabaton , to the right , with its missing piston rod .
**
The " steel - gray " Robo - II upper -leg " cuisse " section standing in the middle .
** Rear view of Robo - II left - leg " greave " and " sabaton " , showing the hinge on a segment that can be opened permitting the greave to be more easily emplaced on the calf .
The attachments of the piston and its rod to the sabaton and greave were made more sturdy , along with a new machined piston element .
** Frontal view of the Robo - II right leg greave and sabaton .
Note the thicker sole of the Robo - II sabatons giving more room for your shoe and yielding a better appearance .
robocop-010 680h
View showing the enhancements made to the leg portions of the RoboCop Phase - II outfit .
At LEFT is shown the hinged section that opens at the back side of the greave to make it easier to insert your leg and foot into the greave component .
The door is held closed by the circular magnets mounted on the white patch inside the door and on the black tab visible at the right edge of the greave opening .
On the RIGHT , the hinge for the greave - door is seen , along with the stronger and more robust " Achilles Tendon " piston and rod attachment .
The tight fit of the greave and the fragile and damage prone " tendon " piston and rod connections were a major problem with the earlier Robo - I outfit .
CENTER -
The back and inside of the upper -leg " cuisse " armor is displayed showing the velcro tabs used to connect it to matching velcro patches sewn to the body suit .
robocop -011 480 x 660
Comparison views of the Robo - I ( left ) and Robo - II ( right ) front breast plates and torso sections .
Note the slightly different designs of the torso plates and that the Robocop - II " torso " was cut into two sections allowing more freedom of body movement and a better ability to bend - over , as well as tending to " duties of nature " .
robocop-013 600 x 646
Comparison shot of the Robo - I ( left ) and Robo - II ( right ) back - plates and butt - plates .
As with the front torso sections , the rear butt - plate of the Robo - II armor is in two sections making " bending - over " and sitting easier .
robocop-015 600 x 594
A line - up of RoboCop Phase - II body parts - Left-arm " pauldron " and elbow " couter " - Front of the right - leg " greave " and " sabaton " - Rear of the left - leg " greave " and " sabaton " - Upper right - leg " cuisse " section .
robocop -013 380h x 464w
Comparisons of the Robo - II helm ( left ) and the Robo - I helm ( right ) .
The Robo - II is in three pieces - the hard helm , rubber chin piece and the separate hard " bulls - eye / ridged " plate on the rear of the chin section .
The Robo - I has two pieces - the hard helm and the rubber chin portion .
robocop-016,017 225h
The impressive looking leg greave and foot protecting sabaton on the RoboCop Phase - II armor outfit robocop-008 600 x 646
You are now number
on the Sarge 's and the " OCP's " List of the Usual Suspects !
Skype is set to launch its iPhone application Tuesday , bringing its much - anticipated Net - based phone service to Apple 's mobile platform .
With the Skype iPhone app , users will be able to make free calls using Wi-Fi to other Skype users as well as use their Skype accounts to make reduced price calls to traditional landline phones .
Skype announced its iPhone application will be available on Tuesday for free , with a version for the BlackBerry available in May .
Mobile versions of Skype are already available for Nokia , Windows Mobile , and Google Android phones .
From what we can tell , the Skype for iPhone looks great ; but it has some drawbacks .
One disappointment is that users wo n't be able to place calls over cellular networks , but only via Wi-Fi .
Still , for international callers especially , Skype 's iPhone app will save callers money by allowing them to avoid AT&T 's traditional wireless phone network and adds the convenience of allowing Skype users to use their iPhone handset for Skype calls .
Looking more like a traditional iPhone app rather than the desktop Windows counterpart most of its 400 million users are used to , Skype for iPhone features five tabs at the bottom of the screen , displaying contacts , chats , a calling panel , call history , and your profile ( with Facebook - style status ) .
Skype for iPhone will use phone numbers directly from your phone 's address book , so no more nasty duplicated contact lists .
It even displays your contacts ' photos ( if they have one set up on Skype ) .
Conference calling is available , but for the moment you can only take part in one if someone invites you .
You can also chat with your Skype friends , but unfortunately this is the only thing ( besides seeing who 's online ) you can do over a cellular network .
Skype for iPhone places calls only via Wi -Fi , not differentiating itself much from the other voice apps in the App Store ( Skype for T - Mobile G1 can place calls over 3G ) .
Skype for iPhone is still a young app and is short on some of the features its desktop counterpart has .
SMS , video and proper conference calling , file transfer , and voicemail are missing from this first version , but let 's hope they will make their way in future versions .
i Pod Touch users will also be able to enjoy Skype , but this would require them to purchase a microphone , or headphones with built - in microphones ( like the iPhone's ) .
Here in the northern bit of the northern hemisphere , the weather is finally starting to turn from the icy depths of winter to the beautiful rainbow of warmth that is spring .
With this change , many computer geeks venture out from their hibernation — blinking against the light — to the great outdoors .
What do they want when they make this glorious journey ?
New Nerf weapons , of course .
We have you covered with a review of an exciting new entry into the N - Force line : the newest Nerf swords .
The Nerf N - force
The last time Nerf released a sword , the company came up with an utterly disappointing fencing product with a limp noodle for a blade , and Nerf suggested a sorry game that involved thrusting at an opponent to knock back little plastic flaps .
I had a set of these given to me for Christmas , and while they looked great on the package , the actual play was a disappointment .
I 'm happy to tell you the N - Force Swords do n't fall into this trap , as they have only one purpose : to beat the living crap out of someone .
The swords come in two colors , and of course they 're only fun if you get the set .
At $ 12 for each one , depending on where you buy , this is n't an expensive proposition .
They may look like brightly - colored children 's toys , but they hold a secret .
Each sword is n't just made out of the soft foam that Nerf is known for ; a plastic rod runs down the length of the sword .
Swinging one in the air makes a satisfying whistling sound , and swords hit the skin of an opponent with a wonderful * THWAP * sound .
They 're more than tough enough to be beaten against each other time and time again without snapping in two .
After a significant round of testing with a set of the swords ( and my son 's arms and legs ) , I 've come to the following conclusions : 1 ) these swords are a great buy , and 2 ) he 's surprisingly fast .
Oh , and also 3 ) when you get blind - sided by a seven year - old and take the blade square on the face it hurts in the best way .
My revenge ?
Disarming him and giving him an epic two - sword Nerf beatdown , giggling in the grass .
Being a geeky dad is just about the best thing ever .
The swords do have a few downsides .
I 'm sure if you try hard enough , you can break them , but they 'll make you work for it .
You 'll start to see some damage on the foam after the first few good fights .
Cats apparently love to tear the blades apart if you leave the two alone in the same room .
My first set of swords died because of a kitty , not because of the Jedi duels I routinely share with my son in the park .
That speaks highly of the product .
The Nerf N - Force swords are Nerf doing swords right : soft enough that you can hit someone without doing major damage , tough enough that you know when someone slams into you , and without a lame mini - game included .
Highly recommended .
Tadaomi Shibuya 's use of straight lines and shadows transcends into some really original artwork .
He creates a perfect sense of balance with his geometric patterns .
Born in 1973 , Tadaomi graduated college with a degree in product design , and began working as an illustrator / designer / artist .
He currently lives in Yokohama , Japan .
“ My art has many straight lines because the straight line is a uniquely human concept .
I follow this concept as a basic rule .
I am trying to create a futuristic world that is outside of our atmosphere or universe .
I am also implying unfairness in the world and a warning to what the world is facing .
At the same time , I am trying to have a message of hope , joy and calmness for the future . ”
Tadaomi Shibuya 's website via compound gallery
State AG : ' These [ Diebold ] systems are very , very bad '...
Brad Friedman Byon
4/17/2009 , 12:05 am PT
The AP has finally noticed the long - sought criminal investigation ballot count of the 2006 Pima County ( Tucson ) , AZ , special election .
State Attorney General Terry Goddard 's hand - count of the disputed Regional Transportation Authority ( RTA ) election was concluded , at least for now , in Phoenix on Wednesday .
That 's when AP filed its report on the matter that we 've been covering here at The BRAD BLOG in a number of special reports and exclusives , in great detail , this week , last week , and for several years prior .
AP 's coverage was fairly cursory ( recent inside joke : AP did n't report who the AG 's office had found to be the " leading vote - getter " ) , but it hit a few points worth noting , including one of the key take - aways from the entire , epic morality tale still playing out on behalf of the entire U.S. , in Arizona :
...
What may be of even greater concern is the voting machines in Pima County , which includes Tucson , are similar to those used in 12 of Arizona ’s 15 counties and in hundreds of jurisdictions across the country .
Maricopa County election workers have been hand counting ballots from a 2006 Pima County transportation election to determine if the vote was rigged by tampering with optical - scan polling machines and turning “ no ” votes into “ yes ” votes .... What may be of even greater concern is the voting machines in Pima County , which includes Tucson , are similar to those used in 12 of Arizona ’s 15 counties and in hundreds of jurisdictions across the country .
If it turns out the election was rigged by manipulating Diebold Elections Systems ( now Premier Election Solutions Inc. ) computer election programs , as some fear , it will show weaknesses in electronic balloting that could endanger the democratic process .
There you have it .
That 's why this story matters , and why it 's far more than simply a " local story . "
It also matters on a still - broader level because , even if the 2006 Tucson RTA election was n't rigged --- and it's three years on , and nobody yet actually seems to know for certain --- due to the god-awful , privatized , untested , hackable , oft - failed , secret vote - counting machines we now use in our public elections , it 's become virtually impossible to know if any elections counted on such machines were accurately tabulated .
AP notes that Goddard seems to finally be understanding that larger point , at least :
No matter which way the recount goes , state Attorney General Terry Goddard said he is convinced the equipment jeopardizes election integrity .
“ These ( Premier ) systems are very , very bad , ” Goddard said .
“ ( They ) are not state of the art in terms of security .
They are not state of the art in terms of transparency . ”
The Arizona Republic 's Dennis Wagner pulled some details from AP 's cursory coverage and augmented it substantially for more lengthy , detailed coverage filed on Wednesday as well , which we 're happy to see and recommend .
* * *
In a related note : Tucson election integrity advocate John Brakey saw charges against him dismissed by a judge today , following his arrest ordered by Pima County election officials last year during a state - mandated , post- election hand - count --- a statutory mandate that likely would not have existed were it not for Brakey 's advocacy for such post-election " audits . "
The county 's case against him was so bad Brakey was n't even required to put on his own defense before the judge dismissed the case entirely after hearing the county 's testimony .
The recent criminal investigation hand count carried out by Goddard , and all of the issues discussed above , would also likely never have come to light in Arizona , had it not been for the tenacity , courage , and tireless determination of Brakey .
Exclusive details on today 's dismissed charges against him posted earlier here ...
HAMPTON FALLS — A Florida man accused of robbing the Citizens Bank in December allegedly told another he did it because he did n't want his girlfriend to " have sex for money anymore . "
HAMPTON FALLS — A Florida man accused of robbing the Citizens Bank in December allegedly told another he did it because he did n't want his girlfriend to " have sex for money anymore . "
Freddy Delavega , 37 , of Cocoa , Fla. , faces charges in federal court for robbing the bank on Route 1 in Hampton Falls on Dec. 16 .
His trial was scheduled this week , but was postponed for 90 days at the request of Delavega 's attorney , Thomas McCue .
Documents filed in federal court add insight into why Delavega may have committed the robbery .
According to an affidavit filed by FBI special agent Laura Hanlon , Delavega made numerous unsolicited comments while in the ambulance and at the hospital after his arrest .
Delavega was hospitalized after his arrest because police subdued him with a Taser after he began to slit his throat .
Hanlon stated Delavega allegedly said " this " — supposedly the robbery — was a result of " bills piling up . "
He also said he was " unable to hold a job after employers learned he was a convicted felon . "
He also allegedly said his girlfriend was a stripper and he " did n't want her to have sex for money anymore . "
Hanlon stated that when police allowed Delavega to call his girlfriend he was overheard saying he was " sorry , " and he thought this " would have solved all of their money problems . "
The FBI 's affidavit gives more details on the bank robbery .
According to court documents , Delavega entered the bank after 1 p.m. and handed the teller a note that said , " Give me all the money !
No Tricks !!
No alams ( sic )
No dye packs .
Be FAST ! "
He then handed the teller a McDonald 's paper bag , according to the affidavit , and verbally instructed her to give him all the money .
" As the robber grabbed the bag , it ripped open and money fell on the floor , " stated Hanlon .
" As the robber began to pick up the money , he began shouting that he had a weapon and not to press alarms . "
After Delavega fled on foot , according to documents , with more than $ 6,000 cash stuffed in his coat pocket , Hanlon stated he was driven from the scene in a pickup truck with a Maine license plate .
A bystander , Hanlon stated , witnessed the getaway and called police .
The truck was later stopped on Route 33 in Portsmouth , and Delavega was taken into custody .
According to court documents , police Tased Delavega after he requested a priest and started to slit his throat with a knife , while begging for police to shoot him .
Hanlon stated the driver of the vehicle had no idea about the bank robbery , a statement later confirmed by Delavega .
If convicted in federal court , Delavega faces up to 20 years in prison .
Did you know that in 1965 the U.S. Department of Agriculture planted a particular variety of lilac in more than seventy locations around the U.S. Northeast , to detect the onset of spring — in turn to be used to determine the appropriate timing of corn planting and the like ?
The records the USDA have kept show that those same lilacs are blooming as much as two weeks earlier than they did in 1965 .
April has , in a very real sense , become May .
This is one of the interesting facts that you ’ll read about in Amy Seidl ’s book , Early Spring , a hot - off - the - press essay about the impacts of climate change on the world immediately around us – the forest , the birds , the butterflies in our backyards .
The brilliant title of Seidl ’s book was one of the reasons that it caught my attention .
The other was that I have realized I need to better educate myself about the impact of climate change on everyday life .
I ’ve been dismissive of the idea that the average person can really detect the impacts of recent warming on , for example , the timing of the apple - blossom season , but I ’ve been taken to task by several of RealClimate ’s readers for this .
If you are paying attention , they have argued , the changes are actually rather obvious .
Of course , Amy Seidl is not the average person .
Rather , she ’s a trained ecologist with a Ph.D. ( as well as an avid gardener ) and she ’s clearly paying extremely close attention .
Her book is the first one I have read that effectively brings home the tangible impacts that global warming will have – is having – on our everyday lives .
“ We are increasingly familiar , ” she writes , of images of melting glaciers , “ but how do we give them relevance in our lives ?
From my window I see no glaciers . ”
She answers her own question with a series of vignettes , some from her own experiences , many more from her extensive research ( well referenced throughout the book ) .
Cardinals , robins and cowbirds are all arriving earlier in Vermont than they did a century ago .
Kingfishes , fox sparrows and towhees are not .
Why the difference ?
The answer , as Seidl explains , is that the former group has the ability to respond ecologically to the changes , because these birds cue their arrival to temperature .
The latter , it appears , respond more directly to temporal cues , that wo n’t change even as climate does .
It ’s obvious from this example that the make up of bird life in Vermont – the species distribution – will change over time .
This may not necessarily be a bad thing of course .
On the other hand , it turns out that the robins are the most important host for West Nile virus ; the early bird gets the worm , so to speak , and passes it along to humans .
Maple seedlings need about 100 days of below - freezing weather .
As this becomes rarer , fewer maples will populate the forests .
This , Seidl explains , is why species - range models predict the decline and eventual loss of sugar maple ( at least in New England ) in the future .
But , she notes , the models do n’t take into account the full complexity of the system , such as the impact of competition among different species .
So we do n’t really know what will happen , or how fast .
What we do know is that maple - sugar farmers have noticed – and documented – an earlier maple sugaring season over the last few decades .
There are many other examples in Early Spring both of clear climate - related changes ( such as the early arrival of robins ) , and of less clear - cut changes ( the maple sugaring season ) .
Seidl does n’t make the common mistake of assuming that the more ambiguous examples are necessarily due to climate change .
For example , she quotes a maple - sugarer who points out that technological changes have allowed them to tap maples earlier , and hence that the timing of sugaring is a weak measure of climate change .
The point though , is that even rather minor changes are , after all , being noticed .
And if much larger changes do occur , as predicted , they will most certainly have impacts we can’t ignore , even if we do n’t live in the Arctic or in Bangladesh .
In other words , Seidl tells us , listen to the farmers and gardeners , and the observations of regular people : they are meaningful .
The soberness of Seidl ’s approach to the subject of climate change impacts contrasts starkly with that of many books before it .
It could n’t be further , for example , from Mark Lynas ’s book , Six Degrees , which is a truly alarming read .
In my comments on Six Degrees , I said that it was n’t an alarmist book .
I stand by that characterization , because – and this is what I liked about it – it does n’t go beyond what is in the scientific literature .
However , while Lynas ’s book is a straightforward reading of the scientific literature , it is a somewhat uncritical one , and hence tends to emphasize what might happen in the future over what will happen ; this is a point that many readers of my review seem to have missed .
Seidl ’s book , on the other hand , is focused on the more certain – and often less dramatic — things , and on the impacts we are likely to see in our own lifetimes .
The calm demeanor of Seidl ’s book , and the very personal nature of it , could lead one to think that it is primarily just a philosophical reflection on the climate change story .
Indeed , Bill McKibben , in his introduction to Early Spring , says that in the face of changes we may not be able to prevent , “ one of our tasks is simply to bear witness ” .
Certainly , the book is partly that .
But Seidl ’s voice , like Rachel Carson ’s before her , has the authentic and authoritative voice of a scientist , made all the more compelling for being very much rooted in the author ’s own story and experiences .
And she does n’t pull punches when she has something definitive to say : “ One thing is clear : ” she writes , “ we will not be able to manage the climate ” .
Early Spring has the potential to be immensely influential , a real turning point in the popular appreciation of climate change impacts among laypersons and scientists alike .
Read it .
By admin - Posted on November 18th , 2005
Tagged :
Washington , D.C. , April 22 , 2007 --
Following confirmed reports that the H5N1 avian flu virus has again been altered , making it even more resistant to anti-viral medications and increasing the risks of human - to - human bird flu transmission , a warrant has been issued for the arrest of , the leading Suspect in what is now described as a global bio - terror conspiracy .
A spokesman for the United States Department of Homeland Security , which issued the warrant under the provisions of the USA Patriot Act , said the Almighty is wanted for questioning for His role in devising " what may become the most dangerous weapon for global terror the world has ever known . "
" God is considered armed and extremely dangerous .
Ordinary citizens should under no circumstances attempt to question or detain Him , " said the spokesman .
" If God is spotted in your area , please contact local law enforcement at the earliest possible convenience with His description and location . "
A composite sketch of God will be released to regional authorities by the DHS within hours , the spokesman said .
" There 's no doubt His fingers are all over this one , " said Dr. Metcalf Poppikoch , a molecular biologist at Bob Jones University in South Carolina and a leading proponent of the widely accepted theory .
" analysis of the avian flu virus found in humans and bird samples a mere three weeks ago in , when compared to current samples , prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that the Creator has been in there mucking about again .
We 've moved one step closer to the verge of a global pandemic .
He 's got to be stopped , and stopped now . "
Some so - called Darwinist dead - enders , however , including several scientists and professors at a number of left - leaning universities , question the culpability of God in the virus alterations , instead claiming that the now generally discounted theory of evolution may have played a role .
" God is innocent , " said Dr. Barney Lucid , a prominent evolutionary biologist at Harvard University .
" At least , of any direct culpability .
You may consider Him indirectly responsible as the Prime Mover or original Creator of the universe , depending on your belief system , but that is immaterial in this current instance .
What we 're seeing in China is a process known as evolution .
The virus is mutating through successive generations , and stronger and more resistant versions of it are naturally going to stand a better chance of survival .
You can call me a wild - eyed pragmatist if you like , but that 's how evolution works . "
According to Dr. Lucid , any effort to detain God would be pointless and counter - productive , advocating instead for synchronized global action toward developing a vaccine against avian flu , along with strengthening global stockpiles of anti-viral medications .
Voices like those of Dr. Lucid , however , have been drowned out in the chorus of frightened and angry citizens demanding that God be arrested and held accountable for what some view as a conspiracy , albeit a conspiracy of One , to attempt to assassinate millions of people by means of a deadly bird flu pandemic .
" We cannot claim to understand His ways , " commented His Holiness Pope Benedict XVI during his weekly radio address from the Vatican .
" Nor should we have the arrogance to question His wisdom .
But I tend to agree that He may be pushing the envelope this time . "
United States Congressman was less restrained in his comments :
" That Guy has been jerking us around for decades , " he said .
" If He tweaks that bird flu virus one more time , I say round Him up , lock Him up , and shut Him down .
We 're talking about the security of the homeland and the American way of life here .
And if there 's one person Habeas Corpus applies to , it sure as hell ai n't Him . "
By Ion Zwitter , Avant News Editor
Chris Cornell has traded in his grungy flannel for a baggy Rocawear sweat shirt .
The wailing frontman behind Soundgarden and Audioslave went into the super - unknown with hip - hop producer Timbaland , but returned with his third solo project , “ Scream . ”
“ Of course some people will scratch their heads when they first hear it , ” says Cornell of the album that marries his dramatic melodies to dense layers of crafty samples and stutter - step beats .
“ But experimentation leads to unpredictability .
Most artists stay in their comfort zone — not me . ”
The collaboration began after Cornell reached out to Timbaland , following the advice of his brother - in - law — a dance club owner — who suggested remixing tracks from his 2007 album , “ Carry On . ”
Timbaland was n’t interested .
“ He did n’t want to just remix a few songs .
He wanted to create something brand new , ” says Cornell of the producer who ’s worked in a small capacity with rock groups the Hives and OneRepublic .
Cornell , who plays Webster Hall Tuesday and Wednesday , was exposed to a whole new animal while recording “ Scream ” in Miami .
Live guitars , drums and horns — played by Cornell , Timbaland and Jerome Harmon , who helps on production — are sprinkled throughout the album , but were physically absent in the room while Cornell was creating lyrics and laying down vocals .
“ Since it ’s mostly digital , a lot of the music was added afterwards , ” says Cornell .
“ It was a completely different process than I was used to .
Timbaland would bring in a new beat every day for me to work on . ”
Then , the producer brought in close friend Justin Timberlake , who checked out a couple of the tracks and ran into the recording booth with melodic
ideas .
Timberlake ended up providing background vocals on the stimulating “ Take Me Alive , ” which plays like a hypnotic war cry .
Another standout is the lead track , “ Part of Me , ” an addictive , deep - synth dance song destined for the nightclubs .
The sound and texture of “ Scream , ” released last month , vastly expands on U2 dipping their feet into the techno pool back in 1997 while creating “ Pop , ” and is light - years ahead of P. Diddy ’s sampling of classics from Led Zeppelin , David Bowie and the Police .
The odd and intriguing marriage begs the question : Can we expect Pharrell Williams and Eddie Vedder to hook up soon ?
“ I ’m hoping this album will inspire people to try new things , ” says Cornell .
“ Any time you get two guys , who are well established together from different genres , you have a chance to create something unpredictable and special . ”
By Darren Waters
Technology editor , BBC News website
Windows 7 promises usability improvements over Vista A release candidate of Windows 7 , the next major release of the world 's most popular operating system , goes public in trial form in the next week .
Microsoft is hoping it can avoid the negative press that surrounded the launch of Vista , the last major Windows release , almost three years ago .
Windows 7 has been designed to be compatible with Vista so users do not have to invest in new hardware .
A commercial release of Windows 7 is expected in the next nine months .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A test version of Windows 7 will be available to developers from Thursday , while the public can try it out from 5 May .
John Curran , Microsoft UK 's director , Windows Client Group , told BBC News that " shortfalls " in the Vista release had caused problems for some users .
" There were challenges on hardware and application compatibility with Vista in the first couple of months - and that has left a little bit of an aftertaste for a segment of people . "
When Vista was launched many users expressed frustration that the operating system did not work with all types of existing hardware and peripherals , or programs used commonly on PCs .
And a Vista compatibility programme for hardware proved to be confusing and , in some cases , somewhat misleading .
Windows 7 features Windows XP mode - a virtual PC that can run older applications that might not run on Windows 7 Remote Media Streaming - access your home digital media over the net Aero Peek - full screen previews of applications Windows Touch : Support for multi - touch devices Gadgets : Widgets now appear on the desktop and not in a sidebar Mr Curran said Microsoft had " learned lessons " and had been working with partner developers to ensure the same mistakes would not be repeated .
Windows 7 will also have " comparable system requirements " to Vista , which should mean that if your PC is capable of running Vista it will also run the new version .
Negative Mr Curran said Vista had proved to be a success for Microsoft , despite the negative press that surrounds the operating system .
" Vista is the fastest selling operating system of all time and , in percentage terms , enterprise moved to Vista faster than it did to XP [ an earlier version of Windows ] , " he said .
He said satisfaction surveys for Vista showed 90 % of people were either satisfied or very satisfied and 85 - 90 % would recommend it to a friend .
The exact timing will be based on quality
John Curran , Microsoft Microsoft embarked on a major advertising and marketing mission to improve the image of Vista after the muted reaction around its " The Wow starts now " campaign .
While Vista was released five months after the release candidate was made available , Mr Curran said Windows 7 would only be released when it is ready .
Bottom line " Obviously in these times everybody is keeping an eye on the bottom line , but we are certainly taking a longer - term perspective here and always have done with Windows franchise .
" The timeline stated all along is that we are targeting Windows 7 within three years of of the launch of Vista and that would be the end of January 2010 .
" We feel quite confident we are on trajectory that will deliver on that promise .
But the exact timing will be based on quality . "
Windows 7 promises a major usability improvement on Vista , and a simplification of security measures which caused frustration for many users .
Mr Curran said Windows 7 would build on the security improvements in Vista , which have seen a fall in the number of malware attacks and critical vulnerabilities identified .
Many beta testers of Windows 7 have reported that it is faster than Vista , especially in terms of start - up and shutdown sequence of the computer .
Mr Curran said that the Microsoft Windows team had been poring over every aspect of the operating system to make improvements .
" We were able to shave 400 milliseconds off the shutdown time by slightly trimming the WAV file shutdown music .
" It 's indicative of really the level and detail and scrutiny on Windows 7 . "
A version of Windows 7 will also be available for netbooks , but with some caveats .
The Windows 7 Starter Edition will have limitations on how many applications can be used concurrently on a machine in order to preserve performance .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The project opened my eyes to something that had never occurred to me : my country 's army was killing civilians .
And it was n't just killing them .
It was killing them , and maiming them , in ways that were almost unimaginable in their horror : napalm , phosphorus , anti-personnel bombs that threw out spinning flechettes that ripped through the flesh like tiny buzz saws , and gunships that randomly spewed out so many projectiles that everything within the range of several football fields was killed or maimed almost instantly ( all weapons still in use now )
But then I had to do a major project in my humanities program and I chose the Vietnam War .
As I started researching this paper , which was supposed to be a multi-media presentation , I ran across a series of photos of civilian victims of American napalm bombing .
These victims , often , were women and children - even babies .
When I was a 17 - year - old kid in my senior year of high school , I did n't think much about Vietnam .
It was 1967 , the war was raging , but I did n't personally know anyone who was over there , Tet had n't happened yet .
If anything , the excitement of jungle warfare attracted my interest more than anything ( I had a .22 cal rifle , and liked to go off in the woods and shoot at things , often , I 'll admit , imagining it was an armed enemy . )
Afghan child burned by a US bomb drop
I learned that scientists like what I at the time wanted to become were actually working on projects to make these weapons even more lethal , for example trying to make napalm more sticky so it would burn longer on exposed flesh .
By the time I had finished my project , I had actively joined the anti-war movement , and later that year , when I turned 18 and had to register for the draft , I made the decision that no way was I going to allow myself to participate in that war .
A key reason my - and millions of other Americans '-- eyes were opened to what the US was up to in Indochina was that the media at that time , at least by 1967 , had begun to show Americans the reality of that war .
I did n't have to look too hard to find the photos of napalm victims , or to read about the true nature of the weapons that our forces were using .
Today , while the internet makes it possible to find similar information about the conflicts in the world in which the US is participating , either as primary combatant or as the chief provider of arms , as in Gaza , one actually has to make a concerted effort to look for them .
The corporate media which provide the information that most Americans simply receive passively on the evening news or at breakfast over coffee carefully avoid showing us most of the graphic horror inflicted by our military machine .
We may read the cold fact that the US military , after initial denials , admits that its forces killed not four enemy combatants in an assault on a house in Afghanistan , but rather five civilians - including a man , a female teacher , a 10 - year - old girl , a 15 - year - old boy and a tiny baby .
But we do n't see pictures of their shattered bodies , no doubt shredded by the high - powered automatic rifles typically used by American forces .
We may read about wedding parties that are bombed by American forces - something that has happened with some frequency in both Iraq and Afghanistan -- where the death toll is tallied in dozens , but we are , as a rule , not provided with photos that would likely show bodies torn apart by anti-personnel bombs - a favored weapon for such attacks on groups of supposed enemy " fighters . "
( A giveaway that such weapons are being used is a typically high death count with only a few wounded . )
Obviously one reason for this is that the US military no longer gives US journalists , including photo journalists , free reign on the battlefield .
Those who travel with troops are under the control of those troops and generally are n't allowed to photograph the scenes of devastation , and sites of such " mishaps " are generally ruled off limits until the evidence has been cleared away .
But another reason is that the media themselves sanitize their pages and their broadcasts .
It is n't just American dead that we do n't get to see .
It 's the civilian dead - at least if our guys do it .
We are not spared gruesome images following attacks on civilians by Iraqi insurgent groups , or by Taliban forces in Afghanistan .
But we do n't get the same kind of photos when it 's our forces doing the slaughtering .
Because often the photos and video images do exist - taken by foreign reporters who take the risk of going where the US military does n't want them .
No wonder that even today , most Americans oppose the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan not because of sympathy with the long - suffering peoples of those two lands , but because of the hardships faced by our own forces , and the financial cost of the two wars .
For some real information on the horror that is being perpetrated on one of the poorest countries in the world by the greatest military power the world has ever known , check out the excellent work by Professor Marc Herold at the University of New Hampshire ( http://cursor.org/stories/civilian_deaths.htm and http://www.rawa.org/temp/runews/2008/10/06/the-imprecision-ofus-bombing-...).
__________________
DAVE LINDORFF is a Philadelphia - based journalist .
His latest book is " The Case for Impeachment " ( St. Martin's Press , 2006 ) .
His work is available at www.thiscantbehappening.net
6 6 5
Rate
It | View Ratings
Dave Lindorff Social Media Pages :
Dave Lindorff , winner of a 2019 " Izzy " Award for Outstanding Independent Journalism from the Park Center for Independent Media in Ithaca , is a founding member of the collectively - owned , journalist - run online newspaper ( more ... )
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Police in Missouri apparently are being instructed to keep on eye on conservatives .
According to this AP article the government of the state of Missouri has issued a report " informing " state police that people with third party bumper stickers on their cars or who believe the NAFTA superhighway is an attempt create a North American Union are subversive members of paramilitary militias and potential terrorists .
The Missouri Information Analysis Center ( a division of the state police ) has compiled an enemies list of warning signs for state police officers , signs that are supposed to help them determine potential terrorists .
Such signs include Ron Paul bumper stickers , or " Right to Carry " handgun stickers ( I have to wonder : does it include Support Your Local Police stickers , too ? ) and our friendly state troopers are warned to proceed with extreme caution against such radicals .
Don`t believe me ?
See for yourself .
( pdf- sorry . )
Who is being targeted in this report ?
The state police are warned that Christians , " sovereign citizens " , those opposed to abortion , tax revisionists , and anti-illegal immigrant advocates are potential would - be terrorists .
Oh , and you better not fly your flag upside down ; that was given as another example of something a terrorist would do .
Were this an isolated incident , it would be easy to dismiss .
But couple this with some other politically motivated incidents , such as Barack Obama`s " truth squad " in which he encouraged the prosecution of people who protested him too aggressively ( bear in mind he had St. Louis Prosecuting attorney Jennifer Joyce and St. Louis County`s Bob McCullugh on the squad , as well as a number of Democrats holding high positions in law enforcement statewide ) , along with Obama`s proposal for a national militia trained and funded like one of the branches of the military , and you have a very disturbing trend here .
Does anyone remember the Democrats using Judge Evelyn Baker to keep the polls open late in St. Louis ( a notorious Democrat stronghold ) during the election of 2000 ?
( Lacy Clay , then state senator , had promised days before the election to do just that . )
It seems that there are some in this state who have no problem using the force of law to repress their enemies .
How long before we see this nationwide ?
Learn more about Torque 3D Features
Torque 3D is the best full source , open source solution available .
It is also our flagship engine built on the core strengths of our Front Line Award - winning Torque Game Engine Advanced .
Torque 3D has been re-architected for maximum flexibility and performance across a wide - range of hardware .
Torque 3D comes equipped with a full suite of tools to allow your team to excel and produce high - quality games and simulations .
Torque 3D supports Windows and Browser - based web deployment out of the box .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Australia has declared nearly 40 miles ( 60 km ) of beaches along its east coast as a disaster zone , following a massive oil and chemical spill .
More than 30 tonnes of oil are thought to have leaked from a Hong - Kong registered cargo ship , when it shed its load in stormy weather early Wednesday .
Queensland state officials say beaches along the Sunshine Coast , and Moreton and Bribie Islands are worst hit .
An investigation is under way into the state 's worst oil spill in decades .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd pledged full government support for the clean - up effort , which could run into millions of dollars .
Queensland state Premier Anna Bligh said the ship 's operators would be liable for the costs .
" We are investigating the entire incident and if there is any basis for a prosecution , we will not hesitate to take that action - the total cost of the clean - up will rest with this company . "
The ship 's owner , Swire Shipping , may face fines of up to A$ 1.5 m ( $ 977,000 ; £ 703,000 ) if found guilty of environmental breaches , as well as clean - up costs of A$ 100,000 a day .
Experts fear the toxic chemicals will suffocate fish and kill natural habitats
Maritime officials said 31 containers of ammonium nitrate fertiliser fell from the deck in huge swells , puncturing the Pacific Adventurer 's hull and releasing the oil .
The ship was en route from a port south of Queensland 's state capital , Brisbane , to Indonesia .
Environmental experts fear the nutrient - rich fertiliser could cause damaging algal blooms , suffocate fish and kill natural habitats .
Moreton and Bribie Islands are national parks - home to a range of sea birds and creatures , including turtles , dolphins and pelicans .
The Environmental Protection Authority ( EPA ) said it had begun removing the oil from the beaches and was treating oil - affected wildlife .
Radar - equipped aircraft are searching for the missing containers of fertiliser - which can be used to make explosives .
SAN FRANCISCO , California ( CNN ) --
The California Supreme Court began hearing arguments Thursday in a case that could determine the fate of same - sex marriage in the state , as well as the validity of about 18,000 same - sex marriages .
Demonstrators hold signs outside the California Supreme Court hearing in San Francisco on Thursday .
The court is tackling the constitutionality of Proposition 8 , a measure banning same - sex marriage that voters approved in November .
Its opponents are seeking to have the amendment nullified .
They maintain Proposition 8 alters the state constitution and therefore , under state law , is a revision that requires a constitutional convention .
The state Supreme Court ruled in May that the California Constitution allows same - sex couples to marry .
Arguments on Thursday took place in a packed courtroom .
Because of heavy interest in the hearing , officials installed big - screen televisions to accommodate onlookers in the court auditorium , which seats about 200 .
More than 60 friend - of - the - court briefs have been filed in the case , a court spokeswoman said .
Hundreds of demonstrators gathered in San Francisco 's Castro District on Wednesday night to push for the court to reinstate same - sex marriage in California .
Watch scenes from a rally in San Diego »
Also Wednesday , a huge crowd marched on the state Supreme Court building in San Francisco .
The gathering was mostly peaceful , police said .
iReport.com : Hundreds rally against Prop 8
Proposition 8 passed with about 52.5 percent of the vote , making California one of several states to ban same - sex marriage in the November 4 elections .
But unlike others , California had been issuing marriage licenses to same - sex couples since the state Supreme Court ruled on May 15 that the unions were legal .
Along with determining the constitutionality of Proposition 8 , the court also will determine whether the approximately 18,000 same - sex marriages conducted before the ban are still valid .
A ruling in the case is due within 90 days .
All About California • Same - Sex Marriage • Gay and Lesbian Relationships
Of those who did make additional gifts after an initial online donation in 2006 , according to 12 organizations offering data in January , 37 percent never gave another gift via the Internet , while 18 percent gave electronically in one year and through other channels in another .
Charities have been using the Internet for fund - raising for more than a decade with mixed results .
“ People are asking us all the time why we do n’t reduce mailing costs and save paper with online fund - raising , but the simple fact is that people come online to give a gift once and do n’t repeat , ” said Jennifer Tierney , development director at Doctors Without Borders in New York , which took part in the study .
The 24 nonprofit organizations had 9.5 million donors and total revenues of $ 747 million .
Charity fund - raisers offered several possible explanations for the study ’s findings .
Many donors using the Internet to make their first gift to an organization are responding to a disaster like the Asian tsunami or Hurricane Katrina , and those givers may not be interested in supporting a group ’s continuing work .
Another issue is that nonprofit groups tend to add donors acquired online to their direct mail lists , which encourages those donors to give in more conventional ways .
“ Direct mail may not be a Maserati , but it ’s very effective because it is very highly evolved , ” said Lori Held , membership marketing director at Trout Unlimited .
“ We know how to ask for money using the mail , but most organizations are still trying to figure out how to do that online . ”
At his nomination announcement yesterday , drug czar appointee Gil Kerlikowske got his first chance to practice saying stuff that makes no sense :
For too long , we have operated , as the Vice President said , in silence when it comes to making our country drug free and reducing the demand for drugs .
[ NYT ]
Oh , crap .
He said " drug free . "
He 's one of those people .
I mean , honestly , since when is there a shortage of proud prohibitionists proclaiming important progress at every opportunity ?
If there was ever a moment when no one was yelling about making the country drug free , somebody should have told me so I could bask in it .
Other things worth noting about the drug czar appointment :
* The position has been downgraded from cabinet status .
Interesting , but that ’s the way it was before Bush , so not a huge deal .
* The nomination announcement was made by Joe Biden , who carried on about his work on drug policy .
Not encouraging .
* Joe Biden says the drug czar ’s office " has n't gotten the attention that it should have , ” which I think means he wants the new drug czar to be more visible than in the past .
Sounds potentially annoying .
All of this serves to remind us that the drug war doctrine still rules in D.C. , but I do n’t think our cautious optimism about the new drug czar is misplaced .
New opponents have taken the stage and we will challenge them as we did their predecessors .
The reform argument is gaining a lot of momentum this year and the new administration will face unprecedented pressure to acknowledge fundamental flaws in our drug policy .
Stay tuned .
ANDREW HOUSE NAMED NEW PRESIDENT AND CEO OF SONY COMPUTER ENTERTAINMENT EUROPE
CMO of Sony Corporation Is Appointed President & CEO , SCEE
Tokyo , April 15 , 2009 – Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. ( SCEI ) announced today that Andrew House , Chief Marketing Officer ( CMO ) and Group Executive of Sony Corporation , has been named President , Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Co-Chief Operating Officer ( Co- COO ) of Sony Computer Entertainment Europe ( SCEE ) as of May 1 , 2009 .
In his new role , House will be responsible for managing the PlayStation business across nearly 100 countries in the Europe / PAL territories , including the company ’s PlayStation ®2 , PSP ® ( PlayStation ®Portable ) and PLAYSTATION®3 platforms as well as PlayStation ®Network .
House joined Sony Corporation in 1990 , where he worked in corporate communications for Sony Corporation ( Japan ) for five years .
In April 1995 , he was assigned to the marketing and communications division of SCEI , contributing to the marketing and promotion of the original PlayStation® computer entertainment system as well as its game titles .
In March 1996 , House was promoted to Vice President , Marketing of Sony Computer Entertainment America , where he led SCEA ’s marketing efforts to establish the North American market for the original PlayStation as well as formulating and executing the market strategies which led to the successful launch of the PlayStation 2 and PSP businesses .
House was also instrumental in developing the PlayStation brand into a household name in North America .
In addition to his marketing responsibilities , he also
led the Third Party Relations and Developer Support divisions from 2000 , making sizeable contributions in establishing and maintaining firm relationships with third party game developers and publishers in North America as well as growing content alliances .
Acknowledged for his invaluable contribution to the expansion of the PlayStation business and to the company ’s marketing and brand management efforts , House was appointed CMO of Sony Corporation in 2005 , with global responsibility for corporate marketing across all of Sony ’s businesses with primary emphasis in building value in the Sony brand .
“ I ’m very happy to welcome Andrew back to the PlayStation business and to work closely with him again ” said Kazuo Hirai , President and Group CEO , Sony Computer Entertainment .
“ I ’m confident that the skills and expertise Andy has gained over the years working as Sony ’s CMO will contribute enormously in leading the PlayStation business in Europe / PAL countries and regions and to bring new initiatives in managing the business in the coming networked era . ”
“ I ’m delighted to return to the PlayStation fold and excited to take on this new challenge , ” said Andrew House , “ I have strong ties to the interactive entertainment industry and I believe there is huge potential for further growth of our business in the Europe / PAL countries and regions , particularly in the area of networked entertainment .
I ’m looking forward to working with everyone at SCEE and with other groups in Sony to help achieve this potential . ”
The simplest way is click here and fills the form to get your past tax return .
If the return was prepared by a tax professional the first thing to do is contact your preparer and ask for a copy .
Your preparer may charge you a fee to cover the cost of making the additional copies .
We definately charge you less or may be same than any tax professional , so why to take hassle ?
When you can get your tax return copies right now by us .
A dying Batman says goodbye in Detective Comics No. 853 , the conclusion of Neil Gaiman 's two - part Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader ?
Image courtesy DC Comics
Acclaimed writer Neil Gaiman says Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader ?
is his " love letter to Batman . "
Photo : Sophia Quach
Acclaimed writer Neil Gaiman is burying Batman , but not before he pens a final " love letter " to the Dark Knight .
Gaiman , picked by DC Comics to handle Batman 's final appearance in the publisher 's long - running monthly Detective Comics , almost did n't take the gig .
But his high regard for the 70 - year - old superhero made this an opportunity he could n't skip .
" I found myself saying things like , ' I do n't have time ' and ' I have sworn to never write mainstream comics again , ' " the 48 - year - old literary titan told Wired.com by phone from his Addams Family - style residence in Minneapolis .
" But I ended up saying , ' Of course I 'm there ! "
The end result — a two - part series called Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader ? — began with the February issue of Batman and wraps Wednesday with issue No. 853 of Detective Comics .
The story line picks up where Grant Morrison 's execution of the Dark Knight in Batman R.I.P. left off .
Gaiman 's twin finales will be bound in hardcover and released this July .
Taken together , they are surreal , hilarious and poignant riffs on Batman 's back story , told at light - speed by a master storyteller .
Gaiman 's extensive bibliography is filled with commercially successful comics , novels , prose , screenplays and more , and is decorated with Hugo , Nebula , Stoker and Newberry awards .
As Hollywood mines comic books and fantasy favorites for the big screen , Gaiman 's imaginative works seem like a mother lode for cross - platform hits .
Earlier this year , director Henry Selick 's stunning animated adaptation of Gaiman 's 2002 novella Coraline debuted , grossing $ 80 million worldwide ( and counting ) .
Gaiman hopes to direct a film based on his comic book miniseries Death : The High Cost of Living , a spinoff of his groundbreaking comics series The Sandman .
Wired.com talked with Gaiman about " unfilmable " comics and their sometimes clumsy cinematic adaptations , as well as Coraline , continuity , Sturgeon 's Law , Iron Man and why writing the final issues of Batman and Detective Comics was like consummating a decades - long relationship .
Batman 's enemies look for solace in the passing of their nemesis in * Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader ?
* After the two - part Bats finale , the Batman series goes on hiatus for a reboot and Detective Comics leaves the Dark Knight behind to focus on Batwoman .
Image courtesy DC Comics
Wired.com :
So how did you become the executor of Batman 's estate , so to speak ?
Neil Gaiman :
The phone rang about a year ago , and it was Dan DiDio from DC Comics .
He said , " Look we are going to do what we did to Superman 23 years ago , but with Batman .
We are going to end his monthlies and then reboot and renumber them , so there is n't going to be a Batman comic for a while .
How would you like to write the last issue of Batman and Detective Comics in the same way that Alan [ Moore ] did with the Whatever Happened to the Man of Tomorrow ? "
It was one of those strange combinations .
I though that if I did n't do it , someone else would and [ they would ] mess it up .
But also , I really love Batman .
The platonic ideal of Batman , as well as the number of specific Batmans over the years .
I thought it would be really interesting .
Wired.com : Did you know at the time that the title of the series would so literally resemble Moore 's Superman sendoff and the Silver Age retrospectives that inspired it ?
Gaiman :
Well , it definitely was n't going to be called Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader ?
at that point .
That was what some people at DC Comics started out calling it , and eventually it stuck , but the title did take me slightly by surprise .
But I also wrote two homages to Alan 's comic — one at the beginning and one at the end — but then cut one .
I had a line on the first page where Batman asks if he is dreaming , and a voice says , " No it 's not a dream and it's not an imaginary story . "
Wired.com : Awesome .
That references Alan 's legendary Superman triple entendre : " This is an imaginary story ....
Are n't they all ? "
Gaiman : Right .
So I cut it , because it was too obvious .
Plus , that line is one of the five amazing moments in comics .
Wired.com :
That famous preface messes with the idea of canon and continuity .
Moore 's comic is arguably outside DC Comics continuity , and so arguably is yours .
Same goes for a bunch of other awesome comics .
Has continuity outlived its usefulness ?
Gaiman : Continuity is n't actually something that I ever worry about .
You use it where you need to , and you do n't use it where you do n't need to .
It 's a given that we exist in a world where we have to live in continuity every day ; no one is immune to that , in life or romance novels .
By the same token , it 's not something I find terribly important .
The joy of this Batman story is that there were 70 years of Batman and I wanted to try and talk about all of it .
Alan 's last Superman story is every bit as readable as it was in 1985 , and it does n't actually matter that nobody remembers the Luthor / Brainiac team any more , or even necessarily remembers the typical Superman trope of squeezing coal into diamonds .
None of that matters , because it is a glorious story .
Famous friends and mortal nemeses gather to pay their respects to The Dark Knight , and divulge revelations , in Batman No. 686 , the first half of * Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader ?
* Image courtesy DC Comics
Wired.com : Batman 's total story is so immense that it seems impossible to make it realistically linear .
Gaiman :
What I wanted to do was write the last Batman story .
What should it be ?
And I wanted to play very , very fair with the reader .
So what I was trying to say is that it honestly does n't matter if it is in or out of continuity .
And it does n't matter whichever Batman you love , whether that is Frank Miller 's Dark Knight Returns and Christopher Nolan 's Dark Knight , or the Batman TV show or even the various , glorious animated series .
This is the last Batman story .
He 's dead , and this is what 's happening .
It 's been 70 years , and it 's been wonderful , but this is the last one .
Wired.com :
It 's a fabulous closure , especially the part where he says goodbye to all the stuff in the Batcave .
" Goodnight mechanical dinosaur . "
" Goodnight giant penny . "
Classic !
Gaiman : [ Laughs ]
It 's all in there .
There was definitely a wonderful joy of writing those last 10 pages of the second issue .
While I was doing it , I was thinking that there are people out there who will think that I 've gone mad .
Wired.com : Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader ?
reunited you with your Marvel 1602 collaborator , artist Andy Kubert .
Gaiman : I kept asking
Andy to do things that are impossible , and because no one told him they were impossible , he did them .
Normally someone asks him to draw three panels , but does n't ask him to draw those three panels in the style of Brian Bolland or Jerry Robinson .
I loved the fact that I could ask Andy for Robin when he 's 17 , off to college and still wearing the costume , the Speedo and everything , which looks kind of stupid .
But I still want it to be moving .
And he did it .
Wired.com : I loved what he did with the last panel , where the Bat - Signal turns into something I can only describe as the Star - Child from 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
Gaiman : Writing that part made me incredibly happy .
In a lot of ways , Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader ?
is a love letter , as was Alan 's Whatever Happened to the Man of Tomorrow ?
That was his love letter to Julius Schwartz and Mort Weisinger and Curt Swan and all of the guys who had worked on Superman .
And it was a love letter to the Superman who lived in Alan 's heart , who was n't going to be around anymore .
I wanted to write the same love letter to Batman .
Wired.com : Reading Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader ?
one gets the idea that Batman has lived in your heart for a while .
Neal Adams ' gothic Batman saved the character from going too " twee in the ' 60s , " says Gaiman .
Image courtesy DC Comics
Gaiman :
When I was 5 , I was in a car with my dad and he mentioned that there was this Batman TV show in America about a man who dressed up in a costume and fought crime .
The only bat I ever knew was a cricket bat , so what I thought he looked like was rather odd , based on that .
Months later , the series hit the U.K. , and I remember watching and being affected by it .
Really worrying , genuinely worrying , on a deep primal level , " Will he be OK ? "
That is the way it was with every deathtrap .
If I missed the end of an episode , I 'd get my friends to tell me he was OK .
Because of the Batman TV show , my dad picked up Smash !
comics for me , which reprinted a Batman cartoon strip , which were much more about continuity than the television program .
Those were my gateway drugs into Batman .
Even when batman went twee in the '60s , Neal Adams reinvented him as a long - eared , shadowy character .
And when I was in my 20s , Frank Miller 's Dark Knight Returns came out and I found myself writing my first piece of academic criticism on it .
I wanted my comic to contain all of that , from the story to the art .
I wanted it to have that love in there .
I wanted to write the last Batman with honor and love .
Wired.com :
So , did you pull it off ?
Gaiman :
Well , since you 've seen the actual comic , you 're actually ahead of me .
I 've only seen the PDF !
[ Laughs ]
But to your question , people used talk to me about The Sandman back when I was writing it , and my answer was that I was too close to it to know what I was doing and feeling .
Decades later , I could look back and go , " Whoa , we did it ! "
I remember George Harrison complaining that he had no idea what The Beatles meant to the '60s .
So the truth is , I have no idea .
I look at it and say , " Andy did me proud , " but I do wonder if they 'll think I went mad at the end .
Whether it works or not , I do n't know or care , but it makes me very happy .
I know that if Batman ever reads it , he will know that he was my first love .
Wired.com : Right before you buried him ?
Gaiman : [ Laughs ]
Well , the great thing about Batman and Superman , in truth , is that they are literally transcendent .
They are better than most of the stories they are in .
That 's jut Sturgeon 's Law : " 90 percent of everything is crap . "
Can you imagine how many thousands , or millions , of words have been written on Batman ?
Try to read them and you 're looking at 100,000 pages , perhaps a million , and you can assume that 90 percent of it is crap .
Yet the 10 percent , and even better the 1 percent of that 10 perfect , is absolutely glorious .
That pays for everything .
Wired.com :
How about they ways they transcend their medium into film , for example ?
Sturgeon 's Law nails that one nicely .
Gaiman : Yeah , it 's something that is missed when they 're made into movies .
Marvel Comics has been much more successful than DC Comics , although DC got it right with The Dark Knight .
With movies , you want that transcendent 10 percent , that mythology .
The Iron Man movie fascinated me .
It took a character [ at the top of Marvel Comics ' ] second division , and did him right , so right that everyone goes , " This is why we love Iron Man . "
The joy of The Dark Knight movie is , " This is what a Joker story should be like . "
No one wants to see the ultimate Two - Face movie .
Two - Face 's riotous ride is one of many hilarious moments dreamed up by Gaiman and rendered by artist Andy Kubert in Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader ?
Photo courtesy DC ComicsWired.com :
We might if he 's sporting that killer Two - Face ride from Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader ?
That thing ruled .
Gaiman : Two - Face 's car !
We had too much fun with that .
That 's that kind of stuff that we could have done forever .
Twenty pages of bad guys riding in their cars .
Iceman pulling up in an Icemobile .
Same goes with the poor guy who had to watch after them , wondering whether he 's going to die with each new customer !
Wired.com : Speaking of comics - based movies , the unfilmable Watchmen has fallen .
Is The Sandman next ?
Gaiman :
There is talk of an HBO Sandman , because no one quite knows what to do with it .
But the truth is , if anybody is going to make a Sandman movie , it will probably be a kid in film school right now to whom The Sandman was the most important thing ever .
It will take the amount of commitment , dedication and madness that Peter Jackson brought to Lord of the Rings to get it on the screen .
Honestly , it could happen after I am dead .
Wired.com : How about Miller 's Dark Knight Returns ?
That one seems unfilmable for a variety of reasons , if only that no one seems quite ready to see an old Batman on screen .
Gaiman :
That one is interesting .
Once it was published , there was all this talk about whether Clint Eastwood could do it .
If they actually made The Dark Knight Returns with Clint , I would have gritted my teeth and seen it .
It probably would have been awesome .
Alan Moore 's epochal Watchmen made the jump to the big screen , but with injuries .
" Once you finish compressing it , it 's not quite itself anymore , " Gaiman says .
Image courtesy DC ComicsWired.com :
What 's your take on the Watchmen film ?
Gaiman : I waited on Watchmen because I was also waiting for someone whose opinion I trusted to tell me to go see it .
And they did n't .
They told me that I 'd love the opening sequence , or that even without the squid it worked , and onward .
But after three or four of those , I just said , " Why ? "
I was reading photostats of Watchmen that Alan would hand me months before they hit the stands , and I would puzzle over everything , putting it all together in my head .
That 's a different thing than Dark Knight Returns , where the details of the story are more malleable and simple .
Batman comes out of retirement .
Cute Robin arrives on the scene .
Joker kills himself .
Is Batman dead or not ?
He 's not .
There 's not much to unpack .
If someone cast David Bowie , as he is now , as the Joker , I think The Dark Knight Returns is doable .
Wired.com : The Sandman is a daunting task , given its mammoth length .
Gaiman :
And because it 's not film - shaped .
I had a meeting two - and - a - half years ago at Warner 's with Alan Horn and Jeff Robinov about the status of The Sandman , because they really did n't understand the thing and directors were asking if they could make it .
So I went out to Hollywood with beautiful artwork and toys and did a presentation , talked them through the storyline .
We talked about what it was and who the characters were , and how you could do it in three , four or seven movies .
I got to the end , very proud of myself for encapsulating 2,000 pages of comics into a giant visual pitch , and what I got was , " Jeff and I had lunch and were talking about the Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings franchises , and we agreed that each was successful because they had a clearly defined bad guy .
Does The Sandman have a clearly defined bad guy ? "
I said , " No it does n't , " and they said , " Thanks for coming ! "
They know that even if it is one of the jewels in comics ' crown , it was n't designed to be a film .
Wired.com : Moore had the same problem with Watchmen .
Gaiman : I remember the first time I met Terry Gilliam in 1988 or 1989 .
We were talking about Watchmen and Gilliam said that the trouble with turning it into a movie is that once you condense it , you lose what made it Watchmen .
It 's a superhero movie , not a commentary on superheroes .
Once you finish compressing it , it 's not quite itself anymore .
Director Henry Selick turned Gaiman 's Coraline into the second - highest grossing stop - motion film in history .
Photo courtesy Focus FeaturesWired.com :
It seemed to work well for the Coraline film , which was not only stunning but is now the second - highest - grossing stop - motion movie ever made .
Gaiman :
We 're so proud of it .
If it was n't for the Jonas Brothers spoiling our mojo , we might have been the highest - grossing stop - motion movie ever made .
When their film came out , Coraline was pulled from some theaters to make space .
Two weeks later , when the Jonas Brothers film made no money , we got put back into more of them .
But I am so proud of what Henry [ Selick ] and everyone did ; it also made me feel better about turning my comics into movies .
Alan and I have been friends forever , and we agree on film being bad for comics , with a difference .
Alan 's theory is that films are intrinsically bad , and that it is better to keep his distance from them .
Mine is that the only chance you have of getting a film made that you would like to see is by finding people that you like and trust , and making sure that the film stays theirs .
That and working with them in every way you can to make it good .
So that was my philosophy with Coraline .
Wired.com : Was it smooth sailing with Coraline ?
Gaiman :
There were some strange moments .
I did something you 're never supposed to do : I gave a free option to Henry after his had run out .
There were people from Disney sniffing around , but I went with Henry from the beginning because I wanted his movie .
I wanted that film .
See also :
KENT — Police say they arrested about 65 people Sunday night when Kent State University students and other partiers pelted officers with bottles , rocks and debris .
Most are charged with failure to disperse and underage drinking .
Those unable to post bond will be arraigned this morning .
The others are due in court Wednesday or Thursday morning .
Students on East College Street , just west of campus , began celebrating the end of the school year early Saturday .
The party , advertised as College Fest , turned into a riot after police arrested one person .
The crowd reacted to the arrest by throwing things at officers , who called for more officers , who were also pelted , Lt. John Altomare said at 3 a.m. in a news release .
A SWAT team and neighboring police departments arrived to help disperse the crowd of " several thousand , " Altomare said .
Officers marched down the street ordering people to leave .
" The crowd continued to throw objects at officers and began building fires in the middle of the street , " Altomare said .
When firefighters arrived , they too , were pelted with rocks , bottles and bricks .
Police fired tear gas and pepper - spray balls , a dispatcher said .
The crowd was dispersed by 10:30 p.m. Several officers and a firefighter received minor injuries .
No one in the crowd reported injuries , police said .
With signs that the worst of the recession may have passed , President Obama is trying to keep the nation focused on a still - troubled economy and regain momentum in Congress for his plan to revamp healthcare , energy , education and financial regulation -- thorny issues that have long defied solution .
“ By no means are we out of the woods just yet , ” Obama said in what amounted to an economic State of the Union address Tuesday .
The worst economic crisis since the Great Depression grew out of “ a perfect storm of irresponsibility and poor decision - making , ” he said , and “ we cannot rebuild this economy on the same pile of sand . ”
Already facing push - back in Congress on his overall economic strategy , Obama was effectively laying down a marker :
He will fight for his ambitious agenda and argue that his opponents are putting long - term recovery at risk .
Advertisement
Congress is out on holiday recess until next week , so there was little immediate reaction to Obama ’s warning shot for Capitol Hill .
But Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) offered a foretaste of just how uncertain many lawmakers -- even Obama ’s allies -- are about accomplishing all that the president seeks .
“ It is hard to do everything that needs to be done , ” said Conrad , whose committee has struggled to draft a budget blueprint that at least pays homage to Obama ’s views .
“ You do have to prioritize . ”
Obama ’s 45 - minute speech , delivered before an audience at Georgetown University , came at a crucial moment for the White House .
Although most experts see more job losses and hardship ahead , and a long road to recovery even after the economy begins to mend , recent signs that the crisis could be bottoming out threaten to relieve the pressure on Congress to act on Obama ’s agenda .
Advertisement
Powerful interest groups , for example , are prepared to fight his plan to tighten government oversight of the financial system , as well as challenge his ideas for restructuring the economy through action on healthcare , energy and student - loan policy .
They can point to such positive signs as Tuesday ’s comments by personal computer chip maker Intel Corp .'s chief executive , Paul Otellini .
“ We are seeing signs that the bottom of the PC market segment has been reached .
I believe the worst is now behind us , ” he told analysts in a conference call .
Still , a Commerce Department report Tuesday showed that retail sales in March dropped a sharp 1.1 % , demonstrating that the economy continues to be in critical condition .
If the crisis atmosphere abates , White House strategists fear , Washington could drift back toward the partisan stalemate that has prevented action on these key issues in the past .
By linking them to the economic crisis and warning that prosperity is not just around the corner , Obama hopes to keep the pressure on .
Advertisement
“ The economic crisis opens the door for the president to secure regulatory reforms that otherwise would be impossible politically to achieve , ” said Jaret Seiberg , a financial policy analyst with the Washington Research Group .
“ I think the window is closing to make significant progress on these initiatives , because once we start to recover , there ’s going to be less momentum to get it done quickly and the special interests are going to have more power to modify the plans , ” he said .
Against that backdrop , Obama sought to blunt the criticism and maintain a sense of urgency about attacking the recession .
While President Franklin D. Roosevelt tried to soothe anxiety during the Great Depression by telling the nation “ the only thing we have to fear is fear itself , ” Obama tried to keep some fear alive .
Addressing his critics head - on , the president defended his economic strategy as a prudent , middle - of - the - road course that focused on helping average Americans .
But he acknowledged that continual bailouts of banks and financial institutions , such as insurance giant American International Group , appeared to be rewarding the very people who helped cause the crisis .
Advertisement
“ One of my most frequent questions in the letters that I get from constituents is ‘ Where ’s my bailout ? , ’ and I understand the sentiment , ” Obama said .
“ It makes sense intuitively , and morally it makes sense , but the truth is that a dollar of capital in a bank can actually result in $ 8 or $ 10 of loans to families and businesses .
“ So that ’s a multiplier effect that can ultimately lead to a faster pace of economic growth .
That ’s why we have to fix the banks . ”
Sounding like the former college professor he is , Obama used much of the speech to explain his view of the causes of the crisis .
But throughout his version of Recession 101 , Obama continued to point to the vital work needed to make a recovery take hold .
“ The market will continue to rise and fall .
Credit is still not flowing nearly as easily as it should .
The process for restructuring AIG and the auto companies will involve difficult and sometimes unpopular choices , ” Obama said .
Advertisement
As if to underscore his point , the Dow Jones index of 30 blue - chip stocks fell 137.63 points to 7,920.18 .
“ And all of this means that there is much more work to be done .
But all of this also means that you can continue to expect an unrelenting , unyielding , day - by - day effort from this administration to fight for economic recovery on all fronts , ” Obama said .
The speech came as a CNN poll released Tuesday showed that 58 % of respondents think Obama has a clear plan for solving the country ’s economic problems .
At least some congressional leaders share the president ’s view that Democrats should seize the moment and take advantage of the president ’s political capital .
Advertisement
“ Washington is , shall we say , a very perishable town , ” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - San Francisco ) told reporters recently .
“ If you have an opportunity , you should seize it .
Otherwise , it might not be there .
And the forces of the status quo are mighty , and they have deep pockets and they can wait you out . ”
House Minority Leader John A. Boehner ( R - Ohio ) is one who would rather see the president ’s efforts stymied .
He said Tuesday that the huge price tag for some of Obama ’s initiatives would stifle economic growth , not foster it .
“ Our economy will improve -- but it will be because of the ingenuity and hard work of American workers and small businesses , not because of the Washington Democrats ’ misguided policies that rely on recklessly spending taxpayer dollars , ” Boehner said .
The administration ’s top economic officials have been sounding notes of optimism recently , buoyed by a surge in financial markets and some improving economic indicators .
There have been encouraging data on home sales , home building and business inventories , though the signals have been mixed .
Advertisement
In his speech , Obama acknowledged the encouraging signs , declaring that the “ extraordinary action ” of his administration in its first three months had contributed to those glimmers of hope .
Among the actions was the $ 787 - billion economic stimulus legislation , which he said had helped spur consumer demand and restore some flow of credit that ’s vital to businesses .
Ethan Harris , co-head of economic research at Barclays Capital , said the stimulus spending would slow the economy ’s plummet , but he still expected a 2 % to 3 % decline in economic growth in the second quarter .
Unlike most recessions , which end with a strong surge in demand and growth , this one is more likely to give way to a slow recovery as the economy continues to suffer from a shellshocked financial sector , Harris said .
That ’s why he believes it is crucial that government spending from the stimulus program extends well into next year .
“ It ’s not just a matter of stopping the recession , ” he said .
“ We have to keep pushing in the months after the recovery begins to restore normal growth . ”
Advertisement
Tuesday ’s report of a sharp drop in March retail sales underlined Obama ’s perilous position .
In a speech Tuesday in Atlanta , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke said there had been recent “ tentative signs that the sharp decline in economic activity may be slowing . ”
But he added , “ We will not have a sustainable recovery without a stabilization of our financial system and credit markets . ”
Obama tried to drive home his point about economic reforms by using a parable from Jesus ’ Sermon on the Mount about a man who builds a house on sand , only to see it destroyed by a storm .
Another man ’s house survives because it is built on a rock .
“ We cannot rebuild this economy on the same pile of sand .
We must build our house upon a rock , ” Obama said .
“ We must lay a new foundation for growth and prosperity -- a foundation that will move us from an era of borrow and spend to one where we save and invest ; where we consume less at home and send more exports abroad . ”
Advertisement
Obama ’s foundation has five pillars : new rules for banks and financial services companies ; more educational spending ; new investments in renewable energy and technology ; healthcare reforms to lower costs ; and budgetary savings to reduce the national debt .
“ When a crisis hits , there ’s all too often a lurch from shock to trance , with everyone responding to the tempest of the moment until the furor has died away and the media coverage has moved on , instead of confronting the major challenges that will shape our future in a sustained and focused way , ” Obama said .
“ This ca n’t be one of those times .
The challenges are too great ; the stakes are too high . ”
--
Advertisement
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
mdoneal@tribune.com
Times staff writer Janet Hook contributed to this report .
--
Advertisement
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Obama ’s ‘ 5 pillars ’ proposals
The key to a bright , sustainable future for the U.S. economy , President Obama said , is a “ foundation built upon five pillars , ” each of which represents a massive policy shift that is sure to set off a major political battle .
His proposals :
* New rules for Wall Street
Advertisement
Fundamentally rewrite financial regulations to “ reward drive and innovation , not reckless risk - taking ” and give government the authority to monitor institutions that could pose “ systemic ” risk to the whole system if they get into trouble .
Obama called for legislation by year - end .
* Investment in education
Focus on boosting early childhood education , improving test scores and providing tax credits to make a college education more affordable .
* Investment in renewable energy and technology
Advertisement
Ratchet up the stimulus bill ’s spending on energy technology and “ green ” public works that will safeguard the environment and reduce dependence on foreign oil while generating thousands of jobs for U.S. workers .
* Healthcare reform
Revamp the healthcare system to improve quality and make medical care more affordable for every American without increasing the federal deficit .
* Deficit reduction
Advertisement
Root out waste and redundancy , as well as contain healthcare and other entitlement costs .
-- Michael Oneal
An Oakland man has been charged with animal abuse for allegedly breaking the front legs of a Pomeranian puppy in front of its owner , the deaf 11 - year - old daughter of his girlfriend , authorities said Friday .
Kem Eap , 31 , of Oakland has been charged by Alameda County prosecutors with two felony counts of animal abuse after a 4 - month - old puppy named Chloe was found with its two front legs broken on Feb. 20 .
An anonymous caller told Oakland police about the incident .
Police and animal - control officers found Chloe cowering underneath a television set inside an apartment on the 2000 block of Fifth Avenue near Lake Merritt .
Eap was arrested the same day .
The female puppy , which weighs 4 pounds , was unable to use its front legs because both had been broken above the elbows , authorities said .
" It saddens me , " said Oakland animal - control officer Nicole Frede .
" I feel sorry for it because it 's so innocent and sweet . "
Eap is accused of breaking one of Chloe 's legs on Feb. 18 and the other the next day .
The puppy underwent surgery Wednesday at the Berkeley Dog and Cat Hospital and is being cared for at the home of a hospital technician .
Eap , who is deaf , is being held at Santa Rita Jail in Dublin in lieu of $ 20,000 bail .
He is to appear in an Oakland courtroom on Monday .
Eap 's attorney did not respond to requests for comment Friday .
Eap claimed that the dog broke its legs three weeks earlier after jumping off the bed , authorities said .
In an interview Friday , the girl said she did n't know why Eap would hurt her dog , which she got as a Christmas present .
" I 'm mad at Kem .
He tried to kill my dog , " said the girl , whom The Chronicle is not naming because she is an alleged crime victim .
She added that Eap apparently likes bulldogs , not Pomeranians .
Investigators were at a loss to ascribe a motive in the case .
" It 's unknown what the motivation was , " said Deputy District Attorney Eric Swalwell .
" It 's a dual tragedy for the puppy that was cruelly injured and for the girl who loved and cared for it . "
Once Chloe heals - a full recovery is expected - and makes progress through physical therapy , the puppy will be available for adoption , said Adam Parascandola , Oakland Animal Services director .
Aurora Patino , the owner of the apartment complex where the incident occurred , said she had told the girl 's mother , who is also deaf , that no pets were allowed .
Still , " it 's not right for somebody to do that to a little dog . "
Donations for the puppy 's care can be sent to Friends of the Oakland Animal Shelter at P.O. Box 3132 , Oakland , CA 94609 , or online at www.oaklandsanimals.org.
Landor Associates , a leading strategic brand consulting and design firm , has released their second annual trends outlook , which provides “ predictions ” for 2009 including sustainability .
Russ Meyer , the Chief Strategy Associate for Landor Associates tells us that brands will need to integrate their commitment to sustainability into a larger message of efficiency , effectiveness , and value .
What can we expect to see in 2009 ?
As consumers look to cut spending , buying “ green ” may be a low priority in 2009 ; however , achieving sustainability is a long - term trend that will continue through the next decade .
According to Russ Meyer , this trend will continue and even gain momentum globally as a consequence of the economic downturn .
Concurrently , President - elect Barack Obama ’s commitment to sustainable energy may finally ensure the support of the world ’s largest economy — and biggest consumer of energy — in the global shift toward green .
What are the implications of these trends for brands ?
Brands will need to integrate their commitment to sustainability into a larger message of efficiency , effectiveness , and value .
Brands that can afford to take the long view through the economic downturn could emerge on the other side as green leaders .
Although it may be a lower priority for consumers in 2009 , green is a long - term megatrend that will continue through the next decade .
In 2008 , consumers began to perceive brands such as Walmart and GE as green because of their early commitment to selling green products and services and making demands of their supply chains .
First - mover advantage can still be gained in many categories , but those opportunities wo n’t last long .
Which brands will stand out in 2009 ?
Consumer staples traditionally fare well in economic downturns , and green products in the categories of home health , cleanliness , and safety will likely do well next year .
Brands such as Method , Seventh Generation , and Clorox ’s Green Works could make big gains as consumers continue to care about the basics despite their thinner wallets .
Major corporate brands with a known commitment to sustainability should continue to gain perceptual advantage — particularly if this becomes a top priority of the United States in the next few years .
Because of their existing strength , these brands may find themselves winning out over smaller brands that have occupied the sustainability space longer .
Among certain customer segments , we ’ll see perceptual badge value or bragging rights for purchasing green products and services .
In some parts of the world , the trendiest homes today are those achieving Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ( LEED ) certification .
Although greenness may not be the most important factor for consumers during the economic downturn , brands should consider how they can gain competitive advantage by being the best choice for trend - forward consumers .
Russ Meyer is chief strategy officer for Landor Associates .
He has given many speeches on sustainability , and his article , “ Brands in the Balance , ” was published in the Hub in July 2007 .
Two and a half years ago , a young Orthodox rabbi from New York set down in the port city of Vladivostok , family in tow .
Yisroel Silberstein came with a mission , and he expected to stay for good .
Out on Russia ’s rough - and - tumble eastern frontier , Silberstein set out to revive a Jewish life that , he says , had almost disappeared .
He reached out to several thousand local Jews , organizing services , holiday parties and a summer camp where children learned about Judaism and swam in the Sea of Japan .
“ We thought we were making a great difference in people ’s lives , ” he said in a telephone interview .
“ People went from not even knowing they were Jewish to becoming very interested in Jewish life and Jewish activities . ”
Advertisement
But last month , Silberstein , his wife and two children were abruptly deported from the country , and banned from returning for five years .
Zvi Hershcovich , a Canadian rabbi who had been leading a small Jewish community in the southern city of Stavropol , also was expelled .
Both men were accused by immigration authorities of visa violations .
The expulsions have sent a nervous chill through Russia ’s Jewish minority .
One of Russia ’s chief rabbis , a follower of the Hasidic Chabad - Lubavitch movement who is regarded as close to the Kremlin , took the rare step of publicly criticizing the government during a recent meeting between religious leaders and officials .
“ Jews have begun to fear for the future of their community in Russia for the first time in many years , ” said Berel Lazar , the chief rabbi .
“ In the negative environment of the [ financial ] crisis , when material problems become exacerbated , some start looking for someone to blame and declare those who are unlike themselves to be guilty . ”
Advertisement
The expulsions , Lazar added , were “ an instance where , instead of addressing problems , some people look for an enemy . ”
Silberstein and Hershcovich were part of a wave of foreign rabbis who flocked to Russia in recent years to nurture a long - neglected Jewish faith .
The influx is badly needed :
In a country still tentatively recovering from decades of communist - imposed secularism , there simply are n’t enough Russian - born rabbis to go around .
Jews depend on visitors from the United States , Israel , Europe and Canada who come to fill out the supply of rabbis , scholars and administrators .
Russia is home to as many as 1 million Jews , one of the largest Diaspora populations , said Lazar ’s Federation of Jewish Communities of Russia .
An accurate count has always bedeviled authorities because of the large number of secular Jews who hesitate to identify their ancestry .
Both deported rabbis say they still have faith they ’ll make it back to Russia .
Officials in the Jewish federation are pressing the federal government to intervene ; so far , the government has n’t budged .
Advertisement
“ If federal authorities do not send the message that it ’s not the official policy of modern Russia , the problem can become much worse , ” said Boruch Gorin , spokesman for the Federation of Jewish Communities of Russia .
Asked about the case of the rabbis , an immigration spokesman was defiant .
The rabbis are accused of illegally working as religious leaders without specifying their activities on their visas ; Silberstein is also accused of not registering his address with local authorities .
“ I do n’t know why they did this , whether it was just flagrant negligence on their part or even an attempt to provoke the authorities , but they did violate the law , ” said Konstantin Poltoranin , a spokesman for the Federal Migration Service .
“ For some reason we never have these problems with other confessions .
. . .
I assure you , there is no anti-Semitism in our actions .
“ We do n’t understand the polemics and hysteria whipped up by some of our citizens in the mass media about this situation , ” Poltoranin said .
Advertisement
Some Jewish leaders agreed .
“ The rabbis probably honestly made mistakes on their visas , ” said David Rozenson , a rabbi who has been working in Russia for eight years .
“ It was probably a technical error that was caught in bureaucracy .
. . .
My experience is not that the government has in any way blocked Jewish faith development . ”
Hershcovich declined to be interviewed , but his blog is full of colorful accounts of his days in Stavropol : the foosball table he managed to buy for a Jewish school ; the Jewish family in the remote mountains whose grandmother had n’t eaten meat in more than 60 years because there was no Jewish ritual slaughterer to kill the animals ; the women ’s group his wife started to teach Jewish cooking .
Then came the Friday evening when , just half an hour before the start of the Sabbath , immigration officials appeared at the door and took him away for questioning .
He was already at the immigration office when Sabbath , and all its restrictions , came into effect .
Advertisement
To the irritation of the Russian officials , Hershcovich emptied his pockets ( to avoid carrying ) , refused to give his fingerprints ( considered writing ) and trudged up the hill to court “ through the dark , past drunk people ( and several obvious anti-Semites ) for half an hour . ”
The case had been carefully prepared , he writes , and the immigration officials told him they had been sent to his apartment by their boss .
“ I write this in the hope that it will be in a future book entitled ‘ The trials and tribulations of the Chassidim in Russia under Putin , ’ ” Hershcovich wrote .
Silberstein ’s case also started suddenly :
He was invited to a meeting with immigration officials , then told he was due in court 2 1/2 hours later .
Advertisement
“ They really threw it on us , ” he said .
“ We barely had time to get a lawyer or do anything . ”
Jewish leaders are still pressing the government to let the rabbis return , Gorin said .
“ If the Jewish community is not allowed to have foreign rabbis , it says to us that the Jewish community has no future , ” the Jewish federation spokesman said .
Advertisement
“ The problem is even bigger when the authorities think they can say which rabbis can work in the community .
It ’s something new in the history of Russian Jewry , and we protest . ”
--
megan.stack@latimes.com
Times staff writer Sergei L. Loiko contributed to this report .
Getting Started with Zfone
What is Zfone ?
Zfone is a new secure VoIP phone software product which lets you make secure encrypted phone calls over the Internet .
Zfone is not itself a VoIP client , but lets you make secure calls with your existing VoIP client , by filtering , encrypting and decrypting all your VoIP media packets as they pass in and out of your computer .
You can use a variety of different software VoIP clients to make a VoIP call .
It 's as if Zfone were a " bump on the wire " , sitting between the VoIP client and the Internet .
Think of it as a software bump - on - the - wire , or a bump in the protocol stack .
Downloading and Testing the Zfone Beta
There 's no online HELP with this release of the Zfone beta software , so study this page carefully for instructions on installing and running it .
Step 1 : Getting your VoIP client software ready
Many things can go wrong with VoIP client software .
There could be problems with your firewall , with getting VoIP calls to traverse your local network 's NAT router , with your audio configuration choices ( especially your microphone ) , with your VoIP service provider .
For this reason , it is important that you get your VoIP client tested and working before you install Zfone .
And get the other party to do the same .
First , you will need to get yourself a VoIP client , install it , sign up for a VoIP service provider , get a VoIP phone number ( a SIP URI ) , and test your VoIP client to make sure it all works .
Many VoIP service providers provide an echo server to make a test call , and it will echo your voice back to you .
To call the echo server at Free World Dialup , enter this SIP URI in the " Call " text box : sip:613@fwd.pulver.com , then press the call button .
Zfone has been tested with these VoIP clients : X - Lite , Gizmo ( audio , no video yet ) , XMeeting , Google Talk VoIP client ( but only when Google Talk is using RTP ) , Yahoo Messenger 's VoIP client ( for audio ) , Magic Jack , and SJphone .
Zfone will encrypt audio and video for Apple iChat calls on Mac OS X ( Leopard ) .
Zfone has been tested with these VoIP service providers : Free World Dialup , iptel.org , and SIPphone .
It does not work with Skype .
The Zfone public beta is available now for Mac OS X ( 10.4 or later ) , Linux , and Windows ( both XP and Vista , either 32 - bit or 64 - bit versions ) .
To download your copy right now , go to our Zfone Register - to - Download Page .
If you have trouble downloading Zfone , visit our Zfone Download Help page .
This new 22 Mar 2009 version implements the latest ZRTP Internet Draft protocol document ( draft 15 ) .
After you download it , run the install program and follow the installation instructions .
Windows users should not interrupt the installation process , despite multiple warnings stating that the ZRTP Miniport driver is not Windows Logo certified .
Just ignore the warnings and proceed with the install .
It 's dangerous to interrupt the installation of any device driver on Windows , including this one .
Before starting the installation process , Zfone for Windows creates the restore point , which stores your system information at the moment of installation .
If you have any problems you can always restore your system state back to this restore point .
For additional information see
As usual , Mac OS X users will find the installation procedure self - explanatory .
Linux users will actually have to compile the source code and build it , but we figured typical Linux geeks can handle that .
Later , we will provide Linux binaries so you wo n't have to build it .
Testing Zfone
When you have Zfone installed , you should run it before you launch your VoIP client software , and leave it running all the time , in the background .
Zfone should secure any VoIP call you make to another Zfone client while it 's running , and it will tell you the call is secure with its own separate graphical user interface .
Zfone checks with our update server to see if a new version of the software is available for download .
If an update is available , you should get it immediately .
Reporting Bugs , and Other Known " Issues "
Enlarge By Steven Senne , AP Wholesale cigarette distributor Phil Sealey , right , of Cumberland , R.I. , listens to speakers at a rally held to protest increased cigarette taxes at the Statehouse , in Providence , on Tuesday .
Smokers are gasping at higher cigarette and cigar prices as the largest federal tobacco tax increase in history takes effect .
" Oh my gosh , " Bernardo Torres said Tuesday when a clerk at a CVS Pharmacy in Falls Church , Va. , told him the new price , which went up in anticipation of the tax increase .
Torres wanted to buy his aunt two cartons of cigarette - size cigars , but he walked away empty - handed after hearing the new price : $ 134 .
The tax on little cigars went from 4 cents to $ 1.01 a pack .
BY STATE : Cigarette taxes per pack " I do n't know what to do .
This is going to hit her hard , " Torres said of his disabled aunt , 64 , a heavy smoker who wo n't quit .
" I 'm going to quit , " said Will Hues , 27 , smoking a cigarette outside the store .
He said prices have gone up so much that " you 're out of your mind to pay it . "
The increases , which raise the federal cigarette tax from 39 cents a pack to $ 1.01 , applies to all tobacco products .
It comes as more than two dozen states , desperate for revenue in a sunken economy , consider boosting their own tobacco taxes this year .
" This is very historic , " said Matthew McKenna , director of the Office of Smoking and Health at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Before the tax hike , cigarette prices averaged about $ 5 a pack .
Now , tobacco companies are raising prices by different amounts .
Some are absorbing part of the increase ; others are raising prices more .
In the past , a 10 % price increase reduced cigarette consumption about 4 % , McKenna said .
He expects the federal tax hike to prompt at least 1 million of the 45 million adult smokers to kick the habit .
" We expect this to accelerate the decline " in cigarette consumption , said Bill Phelps , spokesman for Philip Morris USA , the nation 's largest tobacco company .
He said consumption has been dropping 3 % annually for a decade .
" Some people may quit smoking , " he said .
" Others may cut back . "
Nik Modi , a tobacco industry analyst at UBS , expects cigarette consumption to drop by about 9 % annually .
Tobacco companies wo n't be badly hurt , he said , because they 've prepared for the increase .
Last month , companies began raising prices to cover the tax increase .
Marlboro maker Philip Morris raised prices by at least 71 cents a pack .
R.J. Reynolds , maker of Camel , did so by at least 42 cents .
Congress passed legislation last year raising the tax to fund the State Children 's Health Insurance Program , but former president George W. Bush vetoed it .
In February , President Obama , who has struggled to quit smoking , signed a new version .
Even tobacco - growing states such as North Carolina are considering increases .
Two states , Arkansas and Kentucky , doubled their taxes this year .
The federal increase " will fall on those who can least afford it , " said Frank Lester , spokesman for Reynolds American .
He said one in four smokers live at or below the poverty line .
" More lower - income people than higher - income people will quit " because they cannot afford the tax hike , said Eric Lindblom of the Campaign for Tobacco - Free Kids .
Cigarette taxes per pack State State tax Federal Tax Combined Alabama $ 0.425 $ 1.0066 $ 1.43 Alaska $ 2.000 $ 1.0066 $ 3.01 Arizona $ 2.000 $ 1.0066 $ 3.01 Arkansas $ 1.150 $ 1.0066 $ 2.16 California $ 0.870 $ 1.0066 $ 1.88 Colorado $ 0.840 $ 1.0066 $ 1.85 Connecticut $ 2.000 $ 1.0066 $ 3.01 Delaware $ 1.150 $ 1.0066 $ 2.16 District of Columbia $ 2.000 $ 1.0066 $ 3.01 Florida $ 0.339 $ 1.0066 $ 1.35 Georgia $ 0.370 $ 1.0066 $ 1.38 Hawaii $ 2.000 $ 1.0066 $ 3.01 Idaho $ 0.570 $ 1.0066 $ 1.58 Illinois $ 0.980 $ 1.0066 $ 1.99 Indiana $ 0.995 $ 1.0066 $ 2.00 Iowa $ 1.360 $ 1.0066 $ 2.37 Kansas $ 0.790 $ 1.0066 $ 1.80 Kentucky $ 0.600 $ 1.0066 $ 1.61 Louisiana $ 0.360 $ 1.0066 $ 1.37 Maine $ 2.000 $ 1.0066 $ 3.01 Maryland $ 2.000 $ 1.0066 $ 3.01 Massachusetts $ 2.510 $ 1.0066 $ 3.52 Michigan $ 2.000 $ 1.0066 $ 3.01 Minnesota $ 1.504 $ 1.0066 $ 2.51 Mississippi $ 0.180 $ 1.0066 $ 1.19 Missouri $ 0.170 $ 1.0066 $ 1.18 Montana $ 1.700 $ 1.0066 $ 2.71 Nebraska $ 0.640 $ 1.0066 $ 1.65 Nevada $ 0.800 $ 1.0066 $ 1.81 New Hampshire $ 1.330 $ 1.0066 $ 2.34 New Jersey $ 2.575 $ 1.0066 $ 3.58 New Mexico $ 0.910 $ 1.0066 $ 1.92 New York $ 2.750 $ 1.0066 $ 3.76 North Carolina $ 0.350 $ 1.0066 $ 1.36 North Dakota $ 0.440 $ 1.0066 $ 1.45 Ohio $ 1.250 $ 1.0066 $ 2.26 Oklahoma $ 1.030 $ 1.0066 $ 2.04 Oregon $ 1.180 $ 1.0066 $ 2.19 Pennsylvania $ 1.350 $ 1.0066 $ 2.36 Rhode Island $ 2.460 $ 1.0066 $ 3.47 South Carolina $ 0.070 $ 1.0066 $ 1.08 South Dakota $ 1.530 $ 1.0066 $ 2.54 Tennessee $ 0.620 $ 1.0066 $ 1.63 Texas $ 1.410 $ 1.0066 $ 2.42 Utah $ 0.695 $ 1.0066 $ 1.70 Vermont $ 1.990 $ 1.0066 $ 3.00 Virginia $ 0.300 $ 1.0066 $ 1.31 Washington $ 2.025 $ 1.0066 $ 3.03 West Virginia $ 0.550 $ 1.0066 $ 1.56 Wisconsin $ 1.770 $ 1.0066 $ 2.78 Wyoming $ 0.600 $ 1.0066 $ 1.61 Puerto Rico $ 1.230 $ 1.0066 $ 2.24 Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Exclusive to STR
Quite rightly , we tend to focus here mostly on what is happening today , rather than long ago .
However , to do that all the time is a pity , for it robs us of historical perspective , which can be quite valuable .
For example , consider :
Are we more free today , than our forebears were in the 1900s ?
How can we tell ?
Does it matter ?
I think it may matter , because if we can measure changes in human liberty , we may be able to correlate them with other things that were going on then , and so deduce reasons for the increases or decreases in liberty over time .
Then , knowing better the factors that cause more or less of it , we may be able to influence corresponding factors today to increase it here and now .
So I offer a diagram of relative degrees of freedom at four different stages in human history .
It uses a form of the concept called " Agricultural Surplus . "
The thinking is that until we have enough to eat , all else is irrelevant ; there is no life .
Once we do have enough to eat , then we can talk about what happens to our spare time -- the surplus .
( Other definitions use the term to mean a literal surplus of food products , available for export etc. )
The left - hand bar in the chart suggests that for the tens of thousands of years during which modern man was nomadic , eating each day what he could hunt or gather that day , there was virtually no agricultural surplus and therefore only a thin sliver of freedom ; yes , a person could wander off and live by himself , but still he'd need to spend most of his day finding food .
There was no writing during this era ( though in Lascelles , France there were some amazing cave paintings ) so we can't be sure , but it appears there was no government either .
Then about 10,000 years ago mankind found a way to cultivate crops ; that is , to stop wandering , live in one place , prepare the soil , plant seeds , harvest the food and store it for the winter .
Dramatic lifestyle change !
It probably happened first near Lebanon , and the idea quickly spread -- though not to all parts .
The news did n't reach Siberia , for example , or if it did the Siberians only smiled politely ; for there was no soil for them to till .
It was frozen year round and they lived on and with herds of reindeer before migrating , in due course , to America over the Bering bridge .
From then onwards , mankind had some spare time .
Not much , I guess , while planting and harvesting were in process , but at other times in the year he could lie back and smell the roses and apply himself to other creative tasks like building a home , digging a deeper well , designing better tools , weaving fancier clothes , engaging in trade and inventing the wheel : this was his agricultural surplus .
Things were produced additional to food itself ; capitalism had begun .
Soon after that history - changing moment , writing was invented , and from earliest stone carvings there is evidence of government , so we deduce that settlement , writing and government all happened in a short space of time ; less than 500 years , perhaps .
There is no record of why government appeared , so we must speculate ; Franz Oppenheimer in The State reckons one group of villagers decided to plunder their neighbors ' crops because that seemed easier than planting and harvesting their own .
Then without even blushing , they announced they would protect the survivors from marauders .
In effect , governments stole the agricultural surplus , or much of it .
The degree of freedom -- the time an ordinary family had to itself , or to use to invest ( plow back ) for its own future -- was no greater than it had been before the great discovery of agriculture ; poverty remained endemic for another nine millennia , even while government people went on from one degree of luxurious living to another .
The bigger the agricultural surplus , the more they stole and the more they wasted .
The next big change came around 1800 AD .
Then it was that agricultural science made its biggest breakthroughs .
In less than a century and a half , at least in the " developed world , " people migrated en masse from farms to factories because ways had been found to greatly boost the productivity of fields , while machines made it far less labor - intensive to plant and harvest .
All this took place while the populations being supported and fed by those fields grew by leaps and bounds ; in the USA it shot up from 5.3 million in 1800 to 76 million in 1900 , helped much by immigration , but in the UK and much of Europe also , populations multiplied in that amazing century .
The agricultural surplus suddenly exploded .
But government did not explode , not during that 19th Century .
Accordingly the degree of freedom increased far , far beyond any precedent .
It was put to excellent use ; inventions abounded , investment risks were taken and often rewarded , living standards shot through the roof , wealth multiplied and was spread widely throughout society -- a whole middle class was created where none had previously existed .
Why could this happen -- why was government so slow to grow ?
Different reasons , as I see it .
In the USA there was the Constitution , just recently set up .
The Feds were eager from the get - go to push its limits , but when they lost a few early skirmishes like the Alien and Sedition Acts and the first two attempts to create a central bank , they knew their growth had to be gradual .
In the UK , where this " industrial revolution " was actually taking place with greatest effect , the large agricultural surplus happened to coincide with a couple of generations of classical liberals in politics , who actually believed in limited government ; an event so rare , we may call it unique .
Prodded by such heroes as Cobden , Bright and Wilberforce , they actually repealed the Corn Laws ( i.e. , stopped trying to punish international trade ) and abolished slavery , three decades before Lincoln did and without a drop of bloodshed ; or more accurately , they withdrew from slavery the government support indispensable for its survival .
The window was short -- liberals had begun to cave in by 1870 , when government schools were instituted in the UK , and fully of course by 1914 when they led the country into the disaster of WWI .
But that short window allowed the flowering of all the glory of the Industrial Revolution .
By 1900 government people realized what a vast opportunity they were missing and have not looked back since , in the urgent work of stealing an ever - growing agricultural surplus -- so that now , even though it costs even less to feed the population , the degree of freedom is smaller than it was in the 19th Century ; a smaller fraction of our decisions , and dollars , and minutes in the day , are ours to enjoy now than they were then .
One simple proof : in 1910 , US taxes took less than 10 % of what people earned , in total .
Today the grab is just under 50 % .
Government quintupled , in less than a century .
So what does this measure -- the agricultural surplus , and how much of it government steals -- help guide us about how to increase our liberty ?
One answer might be that " we need to get back " to the days of small government , i.e. Constitutional Rule .
Even if there were any credible , practical way to compel government to abandon four fifths of its power ( there is n't ) , I disagree with that , on two grounds .
First , if somehow it were successful it would merely place this society where it was in , say , 1825 or 1850 ; and that was the time after which all the obscene growth of government took place , despite the finest " limits " mankind had ever written .
Why go back to a situation that history has already proven to be unstable ?
Why inflict on our grandchildren the miseries suffered by our great - grandparents ?
Then second , the 19th Century was indeed marvelous compared to all centuries previous -- but it was not by any means ideal , compared to the standard of human liberty .
There 's a long list of outrages by government that polluted the 1800s , some of them featuring in works by Thoreau and Spooner , and most obviously including the savage slaughter of one American in every 60 in a totally needless government war .
So my suggestion remains , instead , to point to the many positives of 19th Century freedom and insist that it be perfected by removing government from the scene altogether ; for if partial freedom is that good , just wait till we enjoy it undiluted !
As to the means for accomplishing that : if you have n't already joined , TOLFA awaits your attention and commitment .
Eigentor für Eon und EdF : Wind macht
Atom unwirtschaftlich
Eon und EdF wollen in England keine neuen AKWs bauen , wenn dort erneuerbare Energien gefördert werden .
Ein Eigentor - denn damit bestätigen sie die Argumente der Atomgegner .
Ursprünglich sollte es eine Drohung sein .
Die beiden Atomkonzerne Électricité de France ( EdF ) und Eon haben gegenüber der britischen Regierung erklärt , sie würden Pläne zum Neubau von Atomkraftwerken aufgeben , wenn im Land ein massiver Ausbau der erneuerbaren Energien stattfinde .
Die Drohung wurde jedoch zum Eigentor .
Denn die Energiekonzerne haben damit nun freimütig bestätigt , was Atomkraftgegner vor allem in Deutschland immer wieder erklärt hatten : Ein engagierter Ausbau der erneuerbaren Energien lässt keinen Spielraum mehr für unflexible Atomkraftwerke , die für eine möglichst konstante Stromerzeugung ausgelegt sind .
Die EdF stellt in einer Stellungnahme gegenüber dem Department of Energy and Climate Change in London den Sachverhalt nüchtern dar :
In Zeiten starken Windes werde die Stromproduktion aus Wind und Atomkraft den Bedarf künftig übersteigen , weshalb die Atomreaktoren dann zeitweise heruntergefahren werden müssten .
Wenn eine solche Drosselung der Atomstromerzeugung in Zukunft aber regelmäßig nötig werde , beeinträchtige dies die Wirtschaftlichkeit der Anlagen .
" Das bedeutet , dass weniger Kraftwerke gebaut werden . "
Aus diesem Grund fordert die EdF die britische Regierung auf , ihr Ziel zum Ausbau der erneuerbaren Energien im Stromsektor von 35 Prozent auf nur 20 Prozent im Jahr 2020 zu senken .
Mit ähnlichem
Tenor reagiert auch Eon auf die Pläne des britischen Energieministeriums : Jede Einschränkung der Erzeugung durch erneuerbare Energien schmälere die Rentabilität der Atomkraftwerke und stelle schließlich die Frage , ob es noch möglich sein werde , die Fixkosten der Reaktoren während ihrer Lebenszeit wieder zu erwirtschaften .
Aus diesem Grund sollte die Unterstützung der britischen Regierung für die erneuerbaren Energien " nicht unbefristet " sein .
Vor allem in Deutschland , wo der Anteil der erneuerbaren Energien am Strommix mit zuletzt gut 15 Prozent - gegenüber kaum 2 Prozent in Großbritannien - bereits recht hoch ist , verfolgt man die Diskussion im Königreich mit großem Interesse .
" Die Analyse von EdF und Eon ist richtig " , sagt Ulrich Kelber , Vizevorsitzender der SPD - Bundestagsfraktion .
" Ein hoher Anteil Atomenergie verträgt sich nicht mit einem hohen Anteil erneuerbarer Energien . "
Damit werde immer deutlicher , dass " Atomenergie eine Hemmschuhtechnologie " sei , die einer klimaverträglichen Energieerzeugung und mehr Wettbewerb auf den Energiemärkten im Wege stehe .
" Sehr spannend " findet auch Hans - Josef Fell , energiepolitischer Sprecher der Bundestagsfraktion der Grünen , die aktuelle Debatte in Großbritannien .
Auch er bestätigt : " Unflexible Atomkraftwerke passen nicht zu Wind - und Solarenergie . "
Die Argumentation von Eon und EdF sei deswegen " sehr überzeugend " , sagt Fell - selten dürfte die Atomwirtschaft so viel Zustimmung von ihren Gegnern erhalten haben .
Come celebrate mayday as it was meant to be enjoyed .
A celebration of fun and leisure where it can be found in capitalistic society .
You 're taking the day off work anyway , and we can still get you to the rally and march on time .
12 noon , May 1st , Colonel Summers Park ( 20th Ave and Belmont St )
On my tombstone it will say , " He dealt with Clippy . "
Ten years ago , during an ( enjoyable ! ) six - month stint at Microsoft , I was supposed to be providing a " writer 's perspective " on editing features being added to what became Word XP .
These mainly involved the track - changes functions , plus embryonic hopes for what is now OneNote .
In my spare time , I was inveighing against the maddening feature generally called Clippy -- or TFC * to insiders -- that would pop up and say " You seem to be writing a letter ! " whenever you typed out " Dear Mr. ... "
Soon Clippy was turned
Off by default ( rather than On ) , and then it was completely deep - sixed .
We all leave a mark on the world .
I am therefore particular delighted to see the homage to the original Clippy provided by this mildly subversive new program .
You install it on a " friend 's " computer -- and until he or she figures out how to turn it off , it pops up every 60 seconds with Clippy - worthy tips like these :
Download site here ; info , including how to turn it off , here .
I loaded this onto a backup computer and was able ( I think ! ) to stop and completely remove it when the hilarity was done .
But why take a chance ?
Put it on someone else 's computer , not your own .
Thanks to R. Manzetti .
___
* TFC = The F ... Clown
by Kim Fabricius
1. Charles Darwin ( 1809 - 1882 ) finally lost his faith in God .
Not that he had ever been a committed Nicene Christian .
Forced by his free - thinking father to study for the Anglican priesthood at Cambridge after a false start in medicine at the University of Edinburgh ( dissection and surgery made him physically sick ) , young Charles plodded his way through the set theological texts – only Evidences of Christianity by William Paley ( 1743 -1805 ) really grabbed him – more interested in beetles than the Bible – and a girl named Fanny Owen .
Within the year of his graduation ( 1831 ) , his belief theistic rather than Trinitarian , Darwin was aboard the Beagle , beginning the enthralling five - year expedition on which he would wave goodbye to the clerical vocation .
Darwin died an agnostic ( a term coined by his “ bulldog ” Thomas Huxley ) , yet he was buried in Westminster Abbey , the most hallowed church in England – at the end of the month that begins with Fool ’s Day .
2 . Should it be of concern to Christians that Darwin was never more than a nominal believer ?
Only if , rejecting universalism , you are concerned about the destiny of his immortal soul .
Otherwise – well , are you concerned whether your surgeon , mechanic , or hair stylist goes to church ?
Of course not .
Your only concern is that she wields a scalpel , wrench , or scissors with know - how and dexterity .
So too with a scientist : one ’s only concern should be that he is an honest and skilled practitioner of his craft .
And Darwin was n’t just an able and meticulous biologist , he was a bloody genius .
If his theory of evolution by natural selection is the best theory in town that explains the evidence ( palaeontological , morphological / taxonomical , molecular / genetic ) – and it is – deal with it .
Of course refute it on empirical grounds if you can , but do n’t rubbish it because you do n’t like its theological or moral implications , or because you have a political agenda .
Fight science with science – not with the pseudo - science of creationism or the bad science of ID ( not to mention the bad theology of both ) .
On the other hand , is it not a sad but salient observation that as Darwin ’s faith receded , so did his finer feelings for art ?
Sweet is the lore which Nature brings ;
Our meddling intellect
Misshapes the beauteous forms of things –
We murder to dissect .
( William Wordsworth )
3 . Of course Darwinism had its scientific detractors – as well as its religious supporters – from the get - go of The Origin of Species ( published in 1859 , but its thesis adumbrated , if sat on , since the early 1840s ) , and it remained seriously deficient until Gregor Mendel ’s work on genetics ( completed in the 1860s , but unrecognised until the early twentieth century ) led to the neo -Darwinian synthesis .
Indeed Darwinian civil wars rage today on the detail and scope of natural selection and adaptation , with the scientific arguments further befuddled by the philosophical and ideological disagreements , not to mention the temperamental differences , of the antagonists ( Stephen Jay Gould floated like a butterfly , Richard Dawkins stings like a flea ) .
But it is a good start to know exactly what Darwin did and did n’t say : he never claimed to account for the origins of life from inorganic matter , let alone ex nihilo ; rather he argued that his theory explained how present - day species evolved from earlier ones .
Even the later Darwin could speak of life being “ breathed by the Creator ” .
4 . The venerable argument from design , to which Paley added biological spin , is , observes Herbert McCabe , “ a silly one … .
You can no more say , ‘ This sort of world must have been made by God , ’ than you can say , ‘ This sort of world must exist ’ . ”
Only causes within creation make the world what it is ; therefore the argument is self - defeating because , assuming a competitive understanding of divine and human activity , it effectively turns the Creator into a creature .
When the Scottish hit man David Hume ( 1711 - 76 ) ( whom Darwin read ) whacked the argument from design in the Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion , he actually did faith a favour .
ID ’s exhumation of the corpse , a blatant example of the god of the gaps , is a gruesome sight .
Nor , following Michael Buckley , should one miss the irony that by trying to demonstrate the existence of a designer - deity independent of revelation , advocates of physico - theology actually advanced the development of modern atheism .
5. Darwin himself finally found the ecological cheerfulness ( not to mention the ideological conservatism ) of Paley ’s natural philosophy quite untenable , in utter denial of the zoological carnage observable even in an English country garden .
Nevertheless , the younger Darwin did not dismiss the idea of design , because the only alternative seemed to be chance , which could not explain nature ’s order ; he believed in a deistic design of the laws of nature .
However , with the development of his theory , observes Diogenes Allen , “ Darwin supplied what Hume lacked ” : in contrast to the prevailing Aristotelian view of the fixity of species , “ an account of present - day life forms arising by natural processes from earlier ones .
The argument for a designer , which moves directly from present - day life forms to a designer , can no longer be employed because the only alternative to chance is not design . ”
Allen correctly continues : “ the fundamental issue nature ’s order poses is whether it is intended , not whether it is designed . ”
Darwin finally found the idea of divine design surplus to biological , if not cosmological , requirements ; while the more he thought about the issue of divine intention , the more inscrutable he found it .
6 . For those who would still insist , confounding the biblical Creator with Paley ’s watchmaker , that Darwin remains the implacable enemy of Moses , I cannot resist referring to a lovely little letter Karl Barth wrote to his grandniece Christine , who had become disconcerted by a classroom discussion .
“ Has no one explained to you in your seminar , ” Barth wrote , “ that one can as little compare the biblical creation story and a scientific theory like that of evolution as one can compare , shall we say , an organ and a vacuum - cleaner – that there can be as little question of harmony between them as of contradiction ? …
The creation story deals only with the becoming of all things , and therefore with the revelation of God , which is inaccessible to science as such .
The theory of evolution deals with what has become , as it appears to human observation and research and as it invites human interpretation …
So tell the teacher concerned that she should distinguish what is to be distinguished and not shut herself off completely from either side . ”
7. Scientific theory and philosophical considerations , however , were relatively light loads in the cumulative burden that eventually flattened Darwin ’s faith .
One heavier weight was specifically moral : the doctrine of hell and everlasting punishment .
Public recoil from this traditional teaching of the church was hardly unique in Victorian culture , such that from the 1860s many revivalist preachers themselves dowsed the fire and brimstone .
For Darwin the brutalities of the struggle for survival on earth were harsh enough without the divine supplement of an eternal slaughterhouse for unbelieving Homo sapiens .
In his Autobiography Darwin wrote : “ I can hardly see how anyone ought to wish Christianity to be true ; for if so , the plain language of the text seems to show that the men who do not believe , and this would include my father , brother and almost all my best friends , will be everlastingly punished .
And this is a damnable doctrine . ”
8 . But the straw – or rather the bale – that finally broke the back of the biologist ’s belief was suffering : in the titles of two famous works by C. S. Lewis , not The Problem of Pain , which had always vexed Darwin , but A Grief Observed .
In the summer of 1850 his nine - year - old daughter Annie became ill , and as spring sprung in 1851 Darwin took her to Malvern for the popular water cure .
After a short period of convalescence , Annie ’s condition rapidly deteriorated and , with her father at her bedside , she died three days after Easter .
The death of his favourite girl , made all the more poignant by the birth of his ninth child Horace just three weeks later , left Darwin inconsolable , and although ( as he wrote to his friend and collaborator Joseph Hooker on the death of his own six - year - old daughter in 1863 ) his tears eventually “ lost that unutterable bitterness of former days , ” he could hardly ever speak of Annie again .
From his home in Downe , Kent , the only sound of faith that Darwin would henceforth hear was its “ melancholy , long , withdrawing roar ” echoing , seventy miles southeast , from Matthew Arnold ’s Dover Beach .
9 . From the beginning , it was moral panic more than scientific scruple that drove Christians to jump on the bandwagon of anti-Darwinism .
But it was n’t just driven by the ignominy of the common biological ancestry of all hominids ( captured by the joke of caged apes asking , “ Am I my keeper ’s brother ? ” ) ; even more significant was the elimination of teleology from the study of nature and its implication for social ethics .
But this is actually exceptionally good news .
Because the fact that “ the causal heart of Darwinian theorizing is against the idea of progress ” ( Michael Ruse ) clears an intellectual space for biblical eschatology : more precisely , for the life , death , and resurrection of Jesus as the world ’s apocalyptic counter - evolutionary moment in which the weakest kata sarka turn out to be the “ fittest ” kata pneuma .
John Howard
Yoder famously said that “ those who bear crosses are walking with the grain of the universe . ”
Strictly speaking , that should be : against the grain of “ nature , red in tooth and claw ” ( Tennyson ; cf. Romans 8:22 ) , and with the grain of the new creation , where babies play with sidewinders ( cf. Isaiah 11:8 ) .
10 .
It is important , if trivial , to remember that Darwin was a man of his age .
If The Descent of Man ( 1871 ) contains rather repugnant passages on “ the savage races ” , even the libertarian Walt Whitman could speak of Africans as a “ superstitious , ignorant , and thievish race ” .
In fact , Darwin too was an ardent abolitionist , and he resisted the Social Darwinism of zealots like Herbert Spencer .
Nor should we project the truculent scientism of the son Richard Dawkins back onto the ambivalent , even confused , religious views of the father who immersed himself in Paradise Lost during the voyage of the Beagle , who had actually studied the theology he finally rejected , and who consistently denied that The Origin of Species was inherently atheistic .
Darwin was ever a humble thinker , keenly aware ( in good Augustinian fashion ! ) of the dangers of intellectual self - deceit .
John Brooke and Geoffrey Cantor , reflecting on how Darwin ’s theory has influenced our understanding of the deity , suggest that “ two images of God took a beating ” : “ the artisan or mechanic ” , and “ the magician ” of special creation .
Which perhaps invites us to re-imagine the Creator more as an improvising artist or musician .
John Coltrane ’s “ A Love Supreme ” , anyone ?
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The president of a peanut company and a plant manager accused of knowingly distributing contaminated food refused to answer questions posed by members of Congress on Wednesday , citing their Fifth Amendment protection against self - incrimination .
Stewart Parnell , president of Peanut Corp. of America , refuses to answer congressional questions Wednesday .
The testimony of Stewart Parnell , president of the Peanut Corp. of America , and Sammy Lightsey , manager of the company 's Blakely , Georgia , plant , before a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee lasted less than 10 minutes .
Neither man had an opening statement .
Asked whether it was their intention to cite constitutional protection in refusing to answer all the questions posed by the committee , both men said it was .
It was the only question they answered ; Parnell cited constitutional protection even when asked whether he had heard members of a previous panel testify .
Rep. Greg Walden , R - Oregon , brandished a container sealed with yellow " caution " tape .
" In this container are products that have your ingredients in them , some of which were on the recall list , some of which are probably contaminated , " he said .
" It seems like , from what we 've read , you were willing to send out that peanut base [ that ] went into these ingredients .
" And I just wonder , would either of you be willing to take the lid off and eat any of these products now , like the people on the panel ahead of you , their relatives , their loved ones did ? "
See where people have gotten sick »
Just before Parnell and Lightsey refused to testify , anguished family members representing victims of a salmonella outbreak traced to PCA pleaded with committee members to take action to protect the nation 's food supply .
The outbreak has killed nine people and sickened more than 600 in 43 states .
News of the ninth death , an elderly woman in Ohio , came as the hearing was being held .
" It 's imperative that Americans trust their health is not compromised by the food on their plate , " said Jeff Almer , whose mother , Shirley , died December 21 after eating contaminated peanut butter .
" Our family feels cheated .
My mom should be here today . "
Watch why Almer says a crime was committed »
Lou Tousignant told lawmakers his father , Clifford , 78 , a decorated Korean War veteran , also died from salmonella linked to peanut butter .
" We should not be sitting here in front of you today , any of us , " he said , adding that stories of food contamination are not new .
" How can we truly be leaders of the free world if we can't keep our own citizens safe from the food that we eat every day ? "
" This was not an accident , " said Peter Hurley , a Portland , Oregon , police officer whose 3 - year - old son was sickened by salmonella after eating his favorite peanut butter crackers .
" It sickens me to no end that a company and its employees could knowingly allow tainted product to go out the door and into the nation 's food supply .
Does no one have a conscience anymore ? "
Learn about foodborne illness »
He likened the situation to a police officer putting a loaded gun to someone 's head , pulling the trigger and then saying he hoped the bullet in the chamber would n't fire .
Members of the committee said they share relatives ' outrage .
" We are shocked at what 's been going on in this country on food issues , " said Rep. Henry Waxman , D - California , the committee chairman .
" What this committee needs to do is find out the truth , hold people accountable and make sure it does n't happen again . "
The company previously has said it shipped suspect products only when subsequent salmonella tests came back negative .
But , Walden said , a later negative result should never negate the initial positive finding .
Lawmakers cited a Food and Drug Administration report as proof that PCA cared more about its bottom line than about food safety .
Documents obtained by the committee include an October 2008 e-mail from Parnell to Lightsey , a response to Lightsey 's notifying Parnell of a positive salmonella result and recommending a shipment be placed on hold .
" We need to discuss this ... the time lapse , besides the cost is costing us huge $ $ $ $ $ , " Parnell 's response reads in part .
The e-mails are posted on the committee 's Web site .
Asked by lawmakers to look at that e-mail , Hurley said , " as a police officer , I can unequivocally say that it 's criminal . "
Parnell was not in the audience to hear victims ' relatives testify .
Rep. Anthony Weiner , D - New York , issued a statement earlier this week in which he called for the prosecution of PCA executives .
" This is more than a simple lapse of regulations and incomplete paperwork , " Weiner , a member of the House Judiciary Committee , said .
" This appears to be a case where someone willfully sent tainted food across the nation , including to children , and we know now that the results are fatal .
These men and anyone else involved in this should face jail time . "
In visiting the Blakely plant , FDA inspectors found " a facility riddled with unsanitary and unsafe conditions , " said Rep. Bart Stupak , D - Michigan , citing the inspector 's preliminary report .
Mold was found in a cooler used to store peanut butter products ; a live roach and dead roaches were found in a washroom adjacent to a production area ; and salmonella was found in two locations , including one only 3 feet from finished peanut butter products .
The salmonella outbreak has led to one of the largest food recalls in U.S. history , encompassing more than 1,000 products .
CNN 's Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .
All About Peanut Corporation of America • Food and Drug Administration • Food Safety
Thanks to Blue Hampshire we know the on the record or predicted position of the New Hampshire senators with regards to tomorrows vote on marriage equality .
The following senators are either opposed or undecided and must be contacted .
You can call or email them individually , or click here to email them all instantly with a generic message .
John Gallus 603-271-3077
john.gallus@leg.state.nh.us R Opposed
Deborah Reynolds 603271-3042
deb.reynolds@leg.state.nh.us D Opposed
Jeb Bradley Unlisted Unlisted R Opposed
Kathleen Sgambati 603-271-2641
kathleen.sgambati@leg.state.nh.us D Undecided
Bob Odell 603-271-6733
bob.odell@leg.state.nh.us R Opposed
Sheila Roberge ( H ) ( 603)472-8391
sheila.roberge@leg.state.nh.us R Opposed
Peter Bragdon 603-271-2675
peter.bragdon@leg.state.nh.us R Opposed
Peggy Gilmour 603-271-3569
Peggy.Gilmour@leg.state.nh.us D Undecided
Sharon Carson 603-271-2674
Sharon.Carson@leg.state.nh.us R Opposed
Sylvia Larsen 603-271-2111
sylvia.larsen@leg.state.nh.us D Undecided
Theodore Gatsas 603-271-2709
Ted.Gatsas@leg.state.nh.us R Opposed
John Barnes , Jr. 603-271-6931
jack.barnes@leg.state.nh.us R Opposed
Betsi DeVries 603-271-6933
betsi.devries@leg.state.nh.us D Undecided
Robert Letourneau 603-271-2118
robert.letourneau@leg.state.nh.us R Opposed
Lou D'Allesandro 603-271-2600
dalas@leg.state.nh.us D Undecided
Michael Downing 603-271-8630
michael.downing@leg.state.nh.us R Opposed
It is vital that each of them hear from of us as to why they should support marriage equality , let them wake up to an inbox full of messages in favor of equality .
TUSCARORA , Nev. --
The residents of this tiny town , anticipating an imminent attack , will be ready with a perimeter defense .
They 'll position their best weapons at regular intervals , faced out toward the desert to repel the assault .
Then they 'll turn up the volume .
Rock ...
I come from a family background that was conflicted on the question of education .
On the one hand , my grandparents ( who raised me from the time I was three ) realized that whatever hope I was to have of a better life than they ’d had hinged on school .
As such , there was never a moment in my life , once I was old enough to grasp the concept of what school was , when I did n’t simply assume that I ’d go to college .
Growing up , I understood that learning came first .
My grandmother taught me to read when I was four , and by the time I entered first grade I was reading on the fourth grade level , at least .
My grandfather taught me math , and when I was five I could do fairly complicated problem strings that included long division .
If there was homework to do , that came before play , and it was made clear that if my grades ever slipped , I would n’t be allowed to play sports at all .
If I made an A they were happy .
If I made an A - they were rather pointed in wanting to know what had gone wrong .
Bs were unacceptable , and if I ’d made a C I simply would n’t have gone home .
On education , then , there was no compromise .
Up to a point , that is .
A Frivolous Young Man
There came a time , not long after I entered Wake Forest University in August of 1979 , when I began to learn things that troubled them .
I had n’t gone around the bend politically yet , so that was n’t a huge problem , but religion certainly was .
A number of things were happening around the same time .
Wake was in the process of divorcing the Southern Baptist Convention , and I had grown up Southern Baptist .
Still was Southern Baptist , in fact .
My church at the time was full of people with strongly held , if not entirely well - informed opinions , and my sense that the SBC ( which had been making all the decisions but had only been paying 6 % of the freight ) was a rabid albatross flailing around the school ’s neck was not uniformly popular back on the home front .
The SBC itself , which had historically been dominated by its “ moderate ” wing , was in the process of being sacked by its “ conservative ” wing .
I knew we had sailed past the point of no return when I saw that Baylor University president Abner McCall – a man who struck me as politically somewhere to the right of Torquemada – was running for the organization ’s presidency … as the moderate .
Since Wake was an outstanding Liberal Arts university with a bright , inquisitive student body , my mind was in the process of broadening , and doing so with a speed that scared the hell out of my grandparents .
The course that I will always remember as the tipping point , the 15 - week period where the conservative boy died and the free - thinking young man was born , was Old Testament .
Having the facts of the OT set before me that way permanently killed off my ability to trust those who had taught me growing up .
And lest you think that the professor , Dr. Hamrick , was some kind of wild - eyed pinko , it should be noted that he taught Sunday School at Wake Forest Baptist Church , which was an SBC member institution .
My grandfather ( as well as my father , who lived nearby and still played a minor role in my life ) had some firm ideas about education , though , and their devotion to it was not unconditional .
Some things that you learned in school were useful , while some things were frivolous , if not outright false .
The term for the latter was “ book learnin ’ . ”
This was an epithet , to be sure , and while it may be possible to utter the term without sneering I never saw anyone around my house actually try .
Useful education was practical .
My grandfather would say something to the effect that “ an engineer can always find work , ” although at that point I still did n’t have a firm grasp on what an engineer actually did .
The fact that I attended a university with no engineering program did n’t help .
My father ’s dream was that I ’d become a lawyer ( which to him meant that he ’d have lifetime access to free legal counsel ) and that was my plan when I entered college .
However , that idea died abruptly at 2:00 am one Sunday during my sophomore year as I was walking my girlfriend back to her dorm .
It was located across the street from the law school , and a first floor study lounge faced the street .
It was full of law students , seemingly buried beneath large books .
To my youthful way of thinking , hard work was like a fight with the school bully .
You do n’t run from it , but you do n’t go looking for it , either .
Once it became clear that I was n’t going to be an attorney , it pretty much all became an exercise in frivolity for Dad .
My grandfather did n’t live to see me head off to Iowa State in 1987 , where I was going to learn to be a professional poet and a professor thereof .
My father did , though , and I ’m almost certain that he never bragged about it when he and his buddies got together to drink and shoot pool .
Granddaddy would n’t have understood the poetry , I do n’t think , although a part of him would have been proud that I had become the first in the family ’s history to graduate from college .
Neither he nor my grandmother could have ever dreamed that I ’d go to graduate school .
Had she lived to see me earn a PhD , I imagine Grandmother ’s chest would have just about burst with pride .
By then I had decided I was going to be a professor , and that would have been something that both she and Granddaddy would have valued because teaching was a noble profession .
America and the Useful Arts
So , as I say , the question of education was occasionally conflicted in the Smith household , and in so many ways we were archetypally American .
As fate would have it , I wound up writing about the persistently utilitarian character of education in the US when it came time for my dissertation .
These ideologies powerfully informed the emerging American character , at once influencing cultural development and being reinforced by it .
No institution was exempt from the technotopian dream .
The nation ’s teaching and research systems , for instance , were and still are dramatically influenced by a utopian faith in the transformational power of applied science .
To be sure , America developed and nurtured some of the finest Liberal Arts schools in the world : we think immediately of private schools like Harvard , but some of these schools were publicly funded ( like the University of North Carolina , the first state - sponsored university in the country ) .
But while the society tolerated the belief in education for its own sake , it also invested more heavily in the idea of applied education than perhaps any culture in Western history .
John Dewey , one of America ’s most insightful commentators on education , justifies the utilitarian approach , arguing that science is only honorable in application .
Since “ application ” signifies recognized bearing upon human existence and well - being , honor of what is “ pure ” and contempt for what is “ applied ” has for its outcome a science which is remote and technical , communicable only to specialists , and a conduct of human affairs which is haphazard , biased , unfair in distribution of values … .
Science is converted into knowledge in its honorable and emphatic sense only in application .
Otherwise it is truncated , blind , distorted .
When it is applied , it is in ways which explain the unfavorable sense so often attached to “ application ” and the “ utilitarian ” : namely , use for pecuniary ends to the profit of a few ( Dewey Public and Its Problems 174 ) .
He contends that the split between pure and applied science is artificial , with the result being a damaging application of science to human affairs instead of an integration within them .
This “ knowledge divided against itself ” fuels the “ enslavement of men , women and children in factories in which they are animated machines to tend inanimate machines . ”
The glorification of “ pure ” science under such conditions is a rationalization of an escape ; it marks a construction of an asylum of refuge , a shirking of responsibility .
The true purity of knowledge exists not when it is uncontaminated by contact with use and service .
It is a wholly moral matter , an affair of honesty , impartiality and generous breadth of intent in search and communication .
The adulteration of knowledge is due not to its use , but to vested bias and prejudice , to one - sidedness of outlook , to vanity , to conceit of possession and authority , to contempt or disregard of human concern in its use ( 175 -176 ) .
The ultimate institutional expression of utilitarianism in American education is found in the Morrill Land Grant Act .
The original Act of 1862 initiated a movement which saw a second Act in 1890 and 1994 legislation aimed at developing educational resources on Native American lands , and has to date resulted in the chartering of over a hundred public universities in all 50 states and several territories ( USDA ) .
In more complex terms , the land - grant movement is the expression and diffusion of certain political , social , economic , and educational ideals .
The motives typically attributed to the movement involve the democratization of higher education ; the development of an educational system deliberately planned to meet utilitarian ends , through research and public service as well as instruction ; and a desire to emphasize the emerging applied sciences , particularly agricultural science and engineering ( Williams Origins of Federal Support 1 ) .
The Land Grant movement ’s ultimate goal , though , was far broader than the simple production of technically expert farmers and engineers .
Its early supporters were intent on shaping these institutions into comprehensive centers devoted to “ the liberal , scientific , and even civic education of well - rounded men and women ” ( Williams 7 ) .
Land - grant colleges and universities were designed to be closely connected to the daily life of the communities they served .
The scholars produced by these schools were groomed to be productive and pragmatically - minded members and leaders of the society , and to that end the schools ’ research missions were unambiguously utilitarian .
To put it a little more simply , in Europe there has always been a greater affection for what we might term “ learning for its own sake . ”
In America , though , learning has to be practical .
The rest is “ book learnin ’ , ” and in this formulation we have drawn a fairly succinct frame around our culture ’s deeply ingrained anti-intellectualism .
GED vs PhD
Which brings me back around to my title .
AlterNet recently offered us a story with a supremely antagonistic title : “ Is a GED More Valuable Than a PhD ? ”
It examines the case of a young woman who earned her PhD and now ca n’t find any work in her field .
She ’s thinking of taking a job that requires only a GED .
This is an ugly time for the highly learned in America , especially if they ’ve been foolish enough to pursue an education in useless disciplines like Philosophy , History and English .
( It ’s not quite as desperate in the hard sciences , although it ’s bad there , too . )
There are few jobs , insane competition for the ones that do exist , and if you do manage to land a gig I hope you were n’t counting on a living wage , spare time , professional respect or future security .
And as bad as it is , it ’s only going to get worse .
Even if your PhD is in an area with direct and useful application to the professional world , as mine is , you quickly learn that all those letters after your name are n’t necessarily doing you any good .
In the business world , way too many people think that “ PhD ” is an abbreviation for the Latin term meaning “ egghead with a lot of book learnin ’ who does n’t have enough common sense to come in out of the rain . ”
The perception , all too often , is that the PhD ca n’t find a job in the academy and is desperately trying to find an income in the “ real world , ” where he or she frankly does n’t belong .
In some cases this is certainly true , but even where docs may not be ideally suited to the biz world , they probably represent considerably more mental horsepower than most of the people in the organization , and mental horsepower ought to be cherished in an environment where your success often hinges on out - thinking the competition .
I ’m sure I ’m not the only doc in America who has left that last line out of the education section on the résumé .
And even when I do n’t delete the PhD , it ’s not something I make a big deal about .
If it does come up in an interview , I make sure to explain that I was never a pure academic type to start with – I was always a “ real world ” guy first and foremost , pursuing the doc for a series of personal reasons , but always knowing that I was bound for the business world .
Welcome to America , a land where your professional prospects are advanced by underplaying your educational accomplishments .
So , is a GED better than a PhD ?
It ’s bad enough that we live in a place where the question can even be posed .
What ’s worse is realizing that it ’s a rhetorical question .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- New York Gov. David Paterson has chosen Democratic Congresswoman Kirsten Gillibrand to succeed Hillary Clinton as U.S. Senator from New York , multiple Democratic sources told CNN Friday .
Rep. Kirsten Gillibrand has been picked to succeed Hillary Clinton as U.S. Senator from New York , sources say .
Gillibrand , 42 , represents New York 's traditionally Republican 20th district .
She is a member of the Blue Dog Coalition , a group of congressional Democrats who hold more conservative views than their liberal Democratic counterparts .
She is an outspoken advocate for gun rights , and she supports an extension of the Bush tax cuts .
She has been endorsed by the National Rifle Association .
She also has a 100 percent rating from the American Civil Liberties Union .
Paterson must appoint a replacement for Clinton , who was sworn in as President Obama 's secretary of state Wednesday .
A special election will be held in 2010 for the remaining two years of Clinton 's term .
Paterson will formally announce his decision at a noon press conference in Albany , New York .
The final decision was made around 2 a.m .
It came down to Gillibrand and Randi Weingarten , the dark horse candidate who is president of the United Federation of Teachers .
Among the considerations Paterson used in selecting Gillibrand were that she is a woman and she is from upstate New York , sources said .
Both those factors could help Paterson when he runs for election as governor next year .
A Paterson spokeswoman , Erin Duggan , would not comment on the reports .
" The governor is making his announcement at noon today , and that is the only comment we are making at this time , " Duggan said early Friday .
Caroline Kennedy , seen as a favorite to fill the vacant seat , withdrew her name from consideration Wednesday , citing personal reasons .
New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo and U.S. Reps. Carolyn Maloney and Steve Israel also have been mentioned as possible appointees .
Watch who is in contention for the Senate seat »
Gillibrand was elected to the House of Representatives in 2006 , unseating Republican John Sweeney .
In the 1990s , she worked as a lawyer for the Department of Housing and Urban Development during Cuomo 's tenure as housing secretary in the Clinton administration .
She was one of dozens of Democrats who joined House Republicans in voting against the Bush administration 's $ 700 billion bailout of the financial industry in October , arguing the plan lacked proper oversight .
Kennedy , 51 , cited personal reasons for her decision not to continue pursuing the Senate seat , but Paterson had no intention of appointing her , a source close to the governor told CNN .
Paterson did not think Kennedy was " ready for prime time , " citing her efforts , at times awkward , to try to win the appointment , the source told CNN .
" She clearly has no policy experience and could n't handle the pressure , " said the source , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation .
" Why would he pick her given how badly she handled herself in recent weeks ? "
A Kennedy ally , though , denied Kennedy had any indication Paterson was leaning against choosing her to fill out Clinton 's term .
Kennedy had been very public in expressing her interest in the seat by meeting with state and community leaders throughout New York .
" The governor considers Caroline a friend and knows she will continue to serve New York well inside or outside of government , " a statement from the governor 's office read .
" We wish her well in all her future endeavors . "
All About Caroline Kennedy • U.S. Senate • Hillary Clinton
According to one recent study , the portfolio effect dominates :
You might expect that being prompted ( primed ) to think of yourself as a good person would make you more altruistic or moral – but , in fact , the exact opposite appears to be
the case .
Primed to think about what a good person you are , your most
likely reaction is to think you ’ve paid your morality dues and go on
about your business .
The underlying model is this :
According to a new study in Psychological Science ,
humans engage in a process called “ moral self - regulation . ”
Basically ,
we ’re constantly calculating the trade - off between being able to see
ourselves as good people and the cost of engaging in all that
non-advantageous goodness .
It 's been less than a year since Apple launched the iPhone App Store , but now virtually every mobile OS is showcasing its own take on the mobile application storefront .
How do they all stack up ?
Advertisement
The first thing you 'll notice about these efforts — coming from such traditionally competitive companies as Palm , BlackBerry , Nokia and Microsoft — is just how similar they all sound .
App World ?
App Catalog ?
App Market ?
Mobile Marketplace ?
This outward likeness actually runs pretty deep — these stores are advertising uncannily similar feature sets , for both users and developers :
Advertisement
Although it might not evident in the feature - by - feature breakdown above , there are two distinct kinds of app store :
The primary store , which is the first and only source of an OS 's apps ( see Apple ) , and the secondary store , which is built around an existing stock of third - party apps , and with preexisting developers in mind ( see BlackBerry , Microsoft , and Nokia ) .
It 's a combination of these different lineages and divergent policy choices that make the smartphone app store experience so varied .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Apple 's iPhone App Store
At least for now , the App Store is the standard by which all others are judged .
Beyond that , it 's given us a rough guide for what works .
With a $ 99 dollar developer 's fee and a novice - friendly SDK , the barriers of entry for an iPhone developer are fairly low .
Distribution , payments and to a large extent marketing are managed by iTunes , which iPhone owners are necessarily familiar and comfortable with .
And , of course , there 's the iPhone :
This store may only serve one handset ( and its very similar nonphone brother ) , but it 's a wildly popular one .
This makes the app store uniquely attractive to developers , because it provides access to the largest uniform app - buying market in the world .
Microsoft can argue that Windows Mobile 6.5 will connect developers to x gajillion different customers through y zillion different handsets , but this variety is a curse : Handsets have different resolutions , processors , 3D hardware , input types and basic feature sets .
A motion - sensing 3D game with a GPS social networking feature wo n't work on a lot of WinMo handsets , but a 2D , keypad - controlled Asteroids clone wo n't make a developer rich .
Advertisement
But the App Store is far from perfect .
Apple , like all App Store owners , has the final say in what gets listed , delisted or banned , and they are n't afraid to remind us of this .
Along with the typical risque / racist / infringing content prohibitions , Apple enforces strict and often limiting rules against apps that compete with the iPhone 's native set —
iTunes , Mail.app , Safari to name a few — and apps that their partnered carriers are n't too fond of , i.e video streaming and tethering apps .
Now , all these rules are showing signs of loosening with OS 3.0 , but as long as the App Store is the sole source of iPhone apps , any rules will seem like too many rules — especially if you 're accustomed to a totally unregulated system like Windows Mobile 6.1's .
Hence , the gray market .
Advertisement
Android App Market
This second major entrant into the app store race represents a consciously different approach than Apple 's , but not in that many ways .
Immediately , we see a lot to compare : A single - handset userbase ( at least for now ) , low costs for developers and a presence as the primary — though not sole — source of apps from Day One .
Advertisement
But the App Market is a different breed than the App Store .
Most importantly , it 's not the only place you can get apps .
Google has been much more lenient about what they allow in their store since the beginning but in the rare case that they do n't approve of an app , as in the case of tethering apps earlier this month , you can just go download an .APK file and sideload it onto your G1 anyway .
This is a healthy middle ground for everyone involved ;
Google does n't alienate users by destroying entire categories of apps , but is n't forced to come into conflict with carriers because of overly liberal policies .
Google has also made their Market more friendly to consumers , with a no-questions 24 - hour return policy .
Advertisement
Great !
Then why is the App Market so underwhelming ?
Well , the G1 was n't exactly a runaway hit , and the store got off to a slow start .
Paid apps were n't made available for months after launch , and when they arrived they did n't benefit from the convenience and familiarity of a storefront like iTunes .
Moreover , there 's no guarantee that things will change that much in the coming months — more handsets from more manufacturers will boost Android 's user numbers , but will lead to the WinMo - style toxic fragmentation that Apple so adamantly avoids .
Advertisement
BlackBerry App World
Matt took a dive into the newest mobile app store , and found it agreeable , but not spectacular .
RIM's is the beginning of this " secondary " app store concept , and it shows :
You 'll be hard - pressed to find anything here that was n't previously available elsewhere .
It is simply an aggregator for existing applications .
Advertisement
This was a given , as developers have been cranking out BlackBerry apps for years now .
But App World was a great opportunity for RIM to give the lethargic dev community a shot in the arm .
Instead of doing that , they 've made the store almost hostile to would - be app writers .
Listing your wares in App World costs a hefty $ 200 , which gives you the right to upload 10 apps , but does n't come with any new SDKs or development tools .
The payment system is PayPal , which is clumsy to use and a pain to set up .
A minimum non-free price tier of $ 2.99 , probably intended to filter out spammy apps and cover PayPal 's transaction fees , discourages developers from even trying to make simple , useful apps , eliminating the $ .99 - to - $ 1.99 sweet spot that has been central to Apple 's success .
App
World feels like an afterthought , and a reluctant one .
UPDATE : It should be noted that the 70 % dev revenue share figure in the chart is incorrect , and has been update to 80 % — a marked advantage over the other stores .
Advertisement
Windows Mobile Marketplace
With Windows Mobile 6.5 , Microsoft will introduce the Windows Mobile Marketplace .
So far , their announcements have shown an awareness of the pitfalls of both Apple 's and RIM 's approaches :
They 're emphasizing non-exclusivity and app approval transparency , a 24 - hour return policy and wide device support , but also making sure to get big - name app and game developers on board to ensure that users actually have something new to look forward to at launch .
Advertisement
On the developer side , it 's a mixed bag .
As in every other store , the dev take - home is 70 % of each sale , but the listing fees are n't great .
$ 99 gets you five apps a year , but anything beyond that will cost an additional $ 99 .
I 'm sure this will help vaccinate the Marketplace against the fart app epidemic that Apple has proven so prone to , but it 'll do so at the expense of potentially useful free and $ 0.99 apps — again , a crucial price range .
One important factor that 's still TBD is the payment system .
Microsoft says they 'll support both credit card payments and carrier charges , but has n't yet said how that 'll look .
In both cases the process will need to be as seamless as possible .
Advertisement
Nokia Ovi Store
You probably have n't heard much about this store , set to debut within a month , but it 's kind of a big deal for the 40 m +
Symbian S40 and S60 users that it 'll serve apps to .
It 's planned to shoehorn into Nokia 's new Ovi app suite , which we were introduced to with the XpressMusic 5800 , and provide a go - to source for not just apps , but ringtones , wallpapers , and basically everything else that you might have found in a 2001 vintage carrier WAP store .
Advertisement
There has been a decided lack of fanfare surrounding this launch , probably because there just are n't that many Nokia smartphones in the US .
But its success or failure will be informative :
It will be the most open of all the app stores .
For the time being , there is no developer fee , and app listings are free and unlimited .
You can easily publish tons of different kinds of content — Flash Lite apps , Java apps , Native S60 apps , multimedia uploads and others — which will be subject to a vetting process that Nokia has assured will be minimal .
As Nokia - averse Americans , we can view the Ovi Store as an experiment in laissez - faire app - mongering — a multi-handset , mixed - media , unfiltered feed of Symbian content .
Advertisement
Palm App Catalog
And finally , we have Palm 's App catalog .
This is the store we know the least about , but that is already set for a different course than all the others .
At launch , the only handset it'll serve will be the Pre — though Palm has indicated that other WebOS handsets are inevitable .
It 'll be the first — and likely exclusive — source of WebOS apps , and developers will be furnished with a solid , though fundamentally limited , SDK .
Palm 's still - vague plan for the App Catalog will no doubt be central to the success or failure of the Pre , but we can make an educated guess at what to expect , assuming that Palm does n't get taken over by idiots in the next couple months :
Palm will vet the apps thoroughly , provide an in - house payment system , and make development simple and cheap ( previewed Mojo SDK apps have shown great promise ) .
The end result will probably look something like the iPhone App Store , but with one huge difference : there will be no local natively running apps — the Mojo SDK does n't provide for that , just for what amount to turbocharged , locally - stored web apps .
Granted , these web apps will have privileged access to some of WebOS 's core functions , but it 's doubtful that high - end gaming , as we 've seen on the iPhone , will even be possible on the platform .
These limitations ( along with WebOS 's multitasking advantages ) will affect the nature and quality of the apps that are listed in the store much more than the Catalog 's policies , though exactly how , we 'll have to wait and see .
Advertisement
Still something you still wanna know ?
Send any questions about app stores , SDKs or the finest in fart - app technology to tips@gizmodo.com , with " Giz Explains " in the subject line .
With a head cold and a sense of humor , the Dalai Lama shared his wisdom with thousands of people Friday during his visit to UCSB .
“ My voice is unusual today , ” Tibet ’s exiled spiritual and political leader said as he settled cross-legged into a divan onstage , interpreter by his side .
Using Tibetan to explain his finer points and English to kid around with the audience , the monk broke down topics as heady as the primordial qualities of Buddha that he says we all possess .
“ We have to know the ultimate nature of the mind , ” the Dalai Lama said during a morning lecture on the mind .
Through it we can control destructive emotions , he said .
In the afternoon , he discussed compassion in a lecture on ethics for today and commented that the economic crisis might be an opportunity for people to establish limits on material things .
Along the way he told stories like the one of his life as a 7 - year - old Buddhist monk , already recognized as the reincarnation of the the previous Dalai Lama and the manifestation of Avalokiteshvara , the Bodhisattva of Compassion .
“ I had no interest in Buddhism , ” he said .
“ My only interest was playing . ”
But with the aid of a stern tutor and a “ holy whip ” kept just for him , he learned the root Buddhist texts by heart , he said .
The visit to UCSB was the Dalai Lama ’s fourth .
He was welcomed by Chancellor Henry Yang ; religious studies professor Jose Cabezón , who holds UCSB ’s XIV Dalai Lama Endowed Chair in Tibetan Buddhism and Cultural Studies ; Humanities and Fine Arts dean David Marshall ; and Richard Blum , chairman of the UC Board of Regents .
Friday ’s lectures were the apex of a series of recent events relating to the Dalai Lama and Tibetan Buddhism at the university , including talks by Buddhist scholar Robert Thurman and local author Pico Iyer , a friend of the Dalai Lama’s .
The University Art Museum is currently holding an exhibition called “ The Sacred Art of Tibet , ” featuring centuries - old paintings of Buddhist deities , some of which served as a guide for tantric meditation , or as symbols of devotion .
Buddhist monks from the Drepung Loseling Monastery created a sand mandala to be ritually destroyed Saturday .
— Noozhawk staff writer Sonia Fernandez can be reached at .
( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
Profoundly disabled young men were forced into Fight Club - style battles by the people hired to care for them in a Texas residential facility , police said .
The staged battles - which appear to have been going on for at least two years - were discovered when police reviewed the video on a cell phone camera found lying on a road .
" It 's some of the worst child abuse I 've seen in over 30 years , " Corpus Christi police Captain Tim Wilson said .
" Sometimes we see isolated incidents .
What 's appalling about this is that it appears to be organised . "
The video footage showed staffers provoking the young men until they became physically violent , then shoving them at each other to make sure they fought .
The mentally and physically disabled residents pushed , punched and kicked each other and then had their arms raised in victory when they were declared the winner , Captain Wilson said .
They suffered only minor injuries .
Eleven current or former employees of the Corpus Christi State School were identified in the videos , which were discovered last week .
Captain Wilson said he expects to file charges soon .
The Texas legislature is currently debating how to reform state - run institutions for the disabled after the system came under fire by the US Department of Justice because of systemic abuse and widespread civil rights violations .
An emergency bill was approved on Monday to protect residents from mistreatment .
" Once again , our community is faced with the possibility of abuse and neglect involving residents and staff at the Corpus Christi State School , " said state representative Abel Herrero , whose district includes the state school .
The incident " further escalates the urgency for reform measures within the state school system and at our campus " .
- AFP
Russia Today
March 26 , 2009
The personal computer may soon be not - so - private , with the U.S. and some European nations working on laws allowing them access to search the content held on a person ’s hard drive .
[ efoods ]
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Makaber 23 .
April 2009
Posted by sikk in kurzgebloggt Tags : Heuchler
Was ich gerade gefunden habe ist geradezu makaber :
http://dip21.bundestag.de/dip21/btd/16/088/1608871.pdf
22.04.2008 : Antrag der Fraktionen der CDU / CSU und SPD :
Das Recht auf Meinungs - und Pressefreiheit weltweit durchsetzen und der Internetzensur entgegentreten
Es ist nicht zu glauben , welche Heuchler da schalten und walten .
Derek Walmsley : Your work recently has started looking beyond the dancefloor .
When did that start ?
Jeff Mills :
Well , around 2000 , people were very fearful , there was Y2 K , the world ’s about to come to an end , and this whole kind of what - if kind of scenario , so I made an album based on that .
And that was really the beginning of this period .
Your performance last night still had the intensity of a rave .
Is that something you aim at ?
Yes , there has to be a balance between making it enjoyable and also trying to show … .
It ’s really hard to do , actually , because in that kind of setting it ’s very dark , you really do n’t have that much control over people .
I ’ve tried over many years to do it in many contexts , and it ’s hard to balance out .
How did Metropolis come about ?
Well , it came from a few conversations with people in Berlin .
And we were discussing why we do n’t hear electronic music in cinema , even if it ’s a movie about science fiction , or space travel , you just hear classical as a standard .
And it got to a point where I just thought somebody has to do something .
We just need to see what would happen if there was something we could use at a reference .
So I decided I ’m going to try and do something ….
So I went home and bought a DVD out of the store , and illegally copied it , and then began to compose a soundtrack for the film , and then edited the film down to the length of the soundtrack … .
So I just wanted to make something that was an example for the music we know and deal with , up against a movie .
How different was the way of working ?
Metropolis was n’t very far from ….. well , it was a black and white film , my copy was very grainy and bad quality , and I could very easily imitate what I ’d seen … so a lot of the music was very similar to this grainy , grey area … .
And the drama , and the face expressions , and it was quite easy … not easy , but easier .
The Trip references ‘ moments of drama ’ ?
What are those typically ?
There was lots of use of faces .
Yeah , you ’re looking at this ….. non-descriptive fear , panic , especially for last night , in the slightest way , and then re-examining that .
So , very slight moments that display certain sorts of fear or apprehension , things that maybe go by so quickly you do n’t see it the first time .
Is the use of visual loops equivalent to sampling ?
Exactly , and that ’s difficult , because at first if you loop it , at first people might get the impression that there was n’t an idea there , so it has to be done a certain amount of times , a certain way , and what goes before it and what goes after it has to have some reference to it .
By using a lot of faces , does it help to have a personality transposed onto the screen ?
Well , yes … well , I could hide the DJ stand in the corner and people would have no choice but to look at the screen , which I ’ve done in the past .
But it was more so that people could recognise something to connect with , in this somewhat disturbing situation people still feel something to connect with , so very still images or very slow footage of a person ’s face , and the slight winking of the eyes… and the intensity in the face …
What attracts you to the ‘ disturbing ’ nature of the films ?
It ’s the idea that even against all the odds – at least in these science fiction stories – even against these enormous odds , they still feel the urge to go on , to discover .
And I think that ’s a common theme , or feeling that humanity has had from the very beginning .
We could have just said the world is too difficult , we ca n’t catch these animals to eat them , let ’s just pack it in .
But we do n’t , and I think that ’s something which is not really spoken of , or explored too much , but it ’s just this burning desire to want to keep on no matter what .
Is this a will to power idea , that there is something which will just keep going ?
Exactly , no matter what happens .
Whether the planet is affected by disease , or something alien from outerspace , some meteorite , terrorist attacks … .
We still come together to want to move on , to progress
Do you feel you are recontextualising the films , reclaiming them ?
No , I ’m not seeking to … .
These were just accessible .
I ’m not trying to revise them .
It ’s just the messages embedded inside the plots , what the characters are doing ….
And in that way it becomes very timeless , actually .
Because of the situation , the face expression .
The same face expression that you saw on the film , someone has today , waiting on the bus… .
I ’m choosing these different parts to draw the viewer in to what I ’m trying to say
Regarding Futurism , you reference in your installation the idea that without risk there is no sense of achievement .
Is there a similar sense of crisis in the world or your work now ?
In Futurism , they embraced risk , used it as some kind of symbol against the status quo .
For me , yeah , in the mid-90s I understood it would n’t be easy to materialise some of these ideas slightly beyond the dance floor in electronic music .
Actually there ’s quite a lot of resistance against changing or using music in other things .
People thought I was wasting my time – why would I ?
But you ’ve been doing this since X - 102 …
Yeah , at that time it just did n't make any sense , the world was raving , why would we make an album about Atlantis … .
Projects like Cycle 30 ….
At that time , it was really out of time .
And I guess people thought that I was wasting a chance to release something they could use ….. something that they could use as a DJ , and not these crazy loops that just play over and over again .
Cycle 30 , what does that mean , and who cares ?
So I ’ve been experiencing that status quo ….
In a very negative way … .
For many many years .
Not just with my peers but also in the press .
Being totally ignored . ….
It was n’t even something of discussion , even up to Metropolis .
People did n’t care … why … for our style and structure of electronic music , to be carried into Metropolis , a film by Fritz Lang , a very famous film , I thought it would get a little more attention , but it did not … .
I realised then it would be really hard ….
The visual side does seem to have gathered pace since then … .
So the response has been better ?
Yes , it ’s been better .
Perhaps it ’s been something people have been waiting to see… .
You used static images in X - 102 .
How did you choose them ?
The way that I chose the images were based on more practical … we only took the images and the short films of the things that we were making music about … .
[ Minus , Phoebe , Xanadu , Keeler ’s Gap etc ] then figured out what techniques to move from one image to another , some were blended , some were cut .
It was done practically , scientifically ….
we were trying to make it as close to the reality … .
So when you were listening to Titan , you were looking at the first images that were ever shot of that moon .
There were technical problems presenting X - 102 at Sonar ?
Yeah [ laughs ] .
It was unexpected , but I ’ve been dealing with these kind of things for years …..
I realised like 12 minutes in , and decided to [ abort ] .
Because the beginning of the film was so important , without that there would have been little understanding of why we were showing the images in the first places .
I had to abort it , and step away , and hope that the people understood exactly what was happening .
Can you talk about the role of tempo I these tracks ?
Do you aim for some sort of correspondence between tempo and the idea of speed ?
Yeah , well ….
I knew a certain amount of the tracks had to have a tempo that was n’t common for dance music .
I do n’t know why , but we tend to put a little more importance on the tracks that are slower .
Slower tempos are just kind of connected to the idea of thinking more about what the music is trying to say .
… there are tracks that have no beat at all , which are meant to be transforming sort of pieces .
I wanted very much to use the motion of drifting in space , too , a very slow , uncontrollable drift , and so part of the soundtrack was reminiscent of that , too… .
There is a part of the soundtrack where it even veers off the to the right side , regains itself and the majority of the sound comes back very slowly to the left side .
My idea was to make it unnatural , because most of the music you always hear is very balanced between stereo left and right , for something in such a big setting with very important images , for something to veer off to the right side is kind of strange , and that was to signify that in space you have very little control of the forces that are there , and so you are victim to these kind of movements .
And then of course there are the very strong , very thrashing ….
There are also interludes , interpolations added to the original album ?
Well first I had to study the original album , I had to figure out what were we trying to use as the common thread between all the tracks …
I was trying to figure out what we trying to do to make it unique from the other music that we were making at that time .
And one of the things was this combination between crash and hi-hat , we were using it together with a lot of reverb , to give this idea of this filling of distance , you know , and that ’s what we used in the newer tracks … .
And hoping
It had the same feel .
The technology was much different back then , we did n’t have ….. the entire album was put together by [ tape ] edits .
So the music was n’t made and then the tape was cut .
The music was made to the tape edit , and then the tape edit was then put together as a track .
So there ’s a difference because you record only what you want to record to the tape piece , which means the music has a certain type of intensity , because you ‘re pushing the levels to get the greatest response , because you know that you ’re going to cut the tape , and the difference between those two pieces of tape could be drastically different .
So we were making the music with the intention of only making it in different pieces and then piecing it all together .
And that was very different than what we did now … so now we make a whole composition , so five minutes , we make five minutes worth , but back then we were making 30 seconds - and so what would happen in 30 seconds , and then the next 30 seconds would be a whole other track … and the next 30 seconds would be sort of transitional … .
So that was why it was very choppy .
Do you miss that way of working ?
At times , yes .
It took much longer , it would take a whole day just to piece … and then if it did n’t work you would have to peel away … .
But you had these different options , you could flip certain sounds , split the tape in two , not vertically but horizontally , and the replace them … .
All types of strange things that it would take you hours and hours to do on a computer .
It was the fist time you ’d worked with Mike Banks for years .
How did that come about ?
Well , we ’re friends anyway , we talk a couple of times a month .
And The Rings Of Saturn was always something we kind of knew that if were had to do something together it would probably be that .
We had left it kind of open ended , we had planned to do other things with the project like a tour , and we knew even then that we did n’t have all that much information , and I ’m sure Mike had seen like I was seeing that the were discovering more about the planet , and this opportunity might come again .
Were there particular scientific discoveries which influenced you to try and access it again ?
Well , when they found these geysers on Enceladus … it was time to move and more quickly … that was the main thing to kind of push us to go ahead and do it .
And I had learned that they had more , they were constantly taking images of the planet , and I knew that there were a body of images that we could use if we wanted to do that .
Do you remember moon landings when you were young ?
Are these things embedded in your psyche ?
Sure , very much , in America we only had four TV channels at that time , so everything stopped .
It was a summer afternoon , and everything came to a standstill to watch … it was n’t the first Apollo , it was maybe the second or third … .
That was in the days where everything could stop , you only had three TV channels , four radio stations , America was somewhat connected [ more ] closely than now , you did n’t have cable TV … .
So everything stopped , and you ’re just watching spacecraft going up into space … .
And that carried on throughout the whole 60s , I remember the late 60s the Apollo missions went on all the way to 16 , 17 .
I guess back then it became something that must have been kind of normal , I guess .
I was too young to go to theatres to see science fiction films , my parents were very restrictive about going to go see these things that might corrupt your mind …. but on TV , there were quite a few things that used to come on .
In America we had a variety of Science Fiction shows that used to come on , so every day , after school , there would be , from Lost In Space to Gulliver ’s Travels to many different things for children , knowing that they ’re coming back from school .
And then Saturday afternoon , of course , there were always Godzilla and some feature from Japan or somewhere , and Sunday afternoon , that was the day they did all the horror movies , so Frankenstein , Dracula ….. and all the kids in the neighbourhood watched these movies , so we went to school and we discussed them , and everyone watched Dracula versus this … .
So , you just grew up with this as your routine … .
It ’s an interesting routine …
Yeah , a lot of people maybe do n’t realise how connected people really are in America , it ’s a very large country , but when you ’re young you ’re very much steered in all the same directions in all the cities when you ’re young .
There ’s only so many things you can do , so , comic books and animation were always one thing , one group of kids that you could be with in the summertime , so many , many young kids illustrated when they were young , to the point where they could have become professional , I mean it was really intense , in my neighbourhood , we would all , Saturday afternoon there was nothing to do , at least for that part of the day , we would all illustrate , we would get comics and wanna be like Steranko , Jack Kirby , and we ’d all do this … .
You do n’t really realise that until you go to Comic Con , or some comic convention , and you see everybody around the same age , and you realise it was all … .
Going in the same direction .
So you ’re all kind of fantasising and learning these things together .
Even if you interview guys from Detroit that are into electronic music , you realise we were all into the same kind of thing , we were attracted to the same type of movies , we did the same type of hobbies …
So comics , movies , TV … it was all a shared outlet …
Sure , our parents put us in the same situation … and so we have similar interests I think .
And as we get older , you want to kind of go back , and drag these things into your profession and your life … .
So it ’s not surprising for me that I would use a whole host of science fiction films … .
Movies like Metropolis and Blade Runner , these kind of ‘ what - if ’ theories , because there was a ‘ what - if ’ comic book on Marvel , just … .
Looking at space travel the same way , and reducing it down to normal travel … or , that ’s not even the point anymore , it ’s your destination that ’s the most important , you ’re not worried about how you get there but just the planet itself , and just bringing these things back to very elementary kind of ….. just the same way that we would read the comic book .
With space travel , obviously that was massively funded in the 60s , 70s and 80s , since then it seems NASA has had a hard battle to keep the interest going .
Perhaps people have computer games or something .
Do you think space travel exerts the same hold over the information as it once did ?
It seems to be something that is explored less now , would you agree ?
Well , from a physical point of view , yes .
We have not put much emphasis on putting astronauts into space to the moon and things like that , but they are sending unmanned probes , and they are gathering an amazing amount of images and showing us these images .
And I think that ’s affecting the psychology much differently than seeing two astronauts splash down in the ocean after coming from space …
I think it ’s setting the platform for us to use our imagination to imagine what Titan is like , or… .
Well , we do n’t even have to imagine now , because we have the landscapes of these planets … so we ’re learning , and so I think that over time probably our fantasies will become beyond what we know , what we can learn , but actually outside of our galaxy , the binary black holes , and the nebulas and things like that , and we ’ll begin to …
The same way 500 years ago they thought about space and stars , and we found out what that was and we moved on to more graphic discoveries , and it ’ll go on and on and on .
Do these unmanned probes offer something more ?
They offer more , I believe so , because they have less restrictions .
I imagine lots of preparation has to be made simply to keep the human alive , to man the probe , but in this case you can plop it right onto the surface of mars …
Dopplereffekt is an artist who has been exploring low - level physics in electronic works .
Is that of interest to you ?
Sure , well ….
Dopplereffekt was one that was overlooked in the work they had done on this subject …..
Anything that will – not just space , but psychological subjects as well – anything that will get us to understand ourselves more and what our place would be in this reality ….
makes sense .
I would prefer to spend time working on something like that , to make a project like that for people to listen to more than anything else .
With that I have to add that a response is not really needed .
My wish is just to make it available .
By response you mean … a crowd response ?
A crowd response , or what people think , or how it ’s judged .
It ’s not so important .
I guess I ’m taking this cue from how , say , when space agencies discover something , and they show you images of a planet and you ’re response ca n’t be well , ‘ I do n’t like it , I wish it was a more reddish colour ’ you just have to accept the information as to what it is .
And I very much want to create these sort of projects where they head in that direction , where it does n’t make sense to judge it , it ’s just addressing something which you should probably know a little bit more of , not that you should become an expert on the subject , but you should just be reminded of these things to give you some scale as to where you are as a human being .
And that ’s primarily what I ’m trying to do when I choose these subjects .
You have several labels , and maybe on the run-out grooves you ’ll have some writing which will indicate some of your interests , you ideas … .
Often it ’s very eloquent , it will talk about untapped potentials … .
I remember a line about untapped potentials , or seeking a certain balance .
I was wondering if you think humans have an ability to be rational , and fully understand their reality ?
Yes , very much so .
It depends on how it ’s presented and how it ’s explained as well .
Using electronic music as an example …
I assume , now … .
And I ’m sure this is a very controversial subject and that people will disagree … .
I assume from what I ’ve seen that a lot of DJs and producers do not produce the music for the full well - being of the listener .
In other words , they do not produce at their highest capacity , because they feel the people will not understand it , that the people are not intelligent enough to figure it out .
So they keep the sequences very simple , and they keep the structure very simple , because it ’s easier to translate .
And even I did this for many , many years , from the mid-90s , I assumed that by breaking the music down you speak to more people .
But then I learned that we are all intelligent animals , we would n’t be here , we would n’t be able to survive if we were n’t , so there ’s no reason why we should discount , and not put forth out best efforts in presenting this kind of music , with these kind of ideas .
And so , this has become the type of mantra that I use before I sit down , that the idea of making something convenient is not the issue .
So what do you have in mind , something true , or ….?
It ’s really …..
I really now do what I feel is probably best for the subject , not best for the listener , but best for the subject and how to describe it , to the best of my ability .
And I know that at times it ’s not easy for the listener to dance to , or to listen to , it ’s too layered , or it ’s not clear . ….
That is my purest intention .
And I think that in the end that will have more impact … .
Once you really connect and understand it .
So that changed the way I began to make music .
I began to go back to the time when Mike and I were making music and we did not know about music , and we were just imagining that Europe was this very , highly advanced electronic music place , where the people were mixing the genres together , and actually the DJ was at a disadvantage , because the people were so advanced , and the DJ would have to ….
Have a big toolbox of how to modify the music , to keep up with the people .
And when we came it was n’t like that , so then we changed the way that we make music , so I said I want to go back to that way of thinking , of producing music and producing ideas , and that ’s when I decided to at first … .
Making the music for someone is highly intellectual , who has heard every pop song , every experimental , every John Cage , every Phillip Glass , every classical , has heard everything , so I must make the music in a way that will speak to that person and will say something new
An ideal listener ?
Yeah , it would be the perfect listener , and it started there , and then it moved on to making music for not even the person , but for … .
Something that is not even human .
And so I thought that the only way to be able to speak , notes and chords are not enough , so the idea of using frequencies as notes and chords , they maybe travel further … .
If you listen to the most recent , they ’re very bleepy kind of , almost like data , like signals , so the idea of trying to dance to it had become not so important .
So this is kind of where I ’m headed now .
If you listen to a lot of the music last night , it was that kind of computer in running mode type of situation , where it ’s either computing or sending out information , and those are the kind of tracks that I ’m kind of attracted to .
Your music has changed a lot ….. go back to Waveform Transmission , it ’s brutal , filtered … .
Something like Contact Special is very clean , using delay , seeking a lot of space .
Do you think that ’s true ?
Well , if you work at something over and over and over , you begin to perfect it , you should be able to isolate exactly the type of sounds you want to have , and all the extra things , maybe in Waveform Transmissions 1 & 2 , you put them aside .
And Contact Special is a perfect example , at times I wanted the tracks to have the motion of a machine , computing , or the feel as if something is unnatural is happening , but is happening in a certain sequence , or BPM … .
A lot of the album was based on the subject of three , of three pieces .
And so these rotating three pieces would create a certain sort of sequence if spun .
It was a complex album , the tracks were very simple , probably because I was so tired after trying to figure out what the sequences were ….
That was a very hard album to compose .
Did you feel satisfied with it ?
Well , the album did n’t do so well , we only released it in Japan , we did n’t have a chance to release it in Europe .
But it was definitely an achievement and it showed me how to move on to One Man Spaceship , which was the next album ..
What progression did that show ?
Well , I could very well capture only the sounds I wanted , to produce a very concentrated type of sound , where it ’s very pure and very clear , not clean … .
A sinewave sort of tone ?
No … the best way I can say is that it presents itself in a very obvious way , without the feeling that it was a mistake .
And in electronic music we had kind of gotten away from this , for a long time we were in this very random type of way of producing because of the sequences that were coming out would allow you to produce at random .
It would just pick notes out up of the keyboard and then you would say , ok , this is the bassline and this is the topline … .
We had gotten away from specifically placing notes in particular places to create a certain type of equation that would speak .
And I was doing that in contact special .
If you listen to some of the tracks , the sounds fit… .
I mean there are many different layers of sequences , but they fit almost like a puzzle , almost to the point you do n’t really notice after a while that those are like six different keyboards interacting together , separately , creating the sequences kind of like themselves .
And then I carried that over to one man spaceship , but with orchestration , string arrangements , and was trying to find a balance between this kind of machine computing data and soundscaping type of ….
Sounds which felt like wallpaper , or a kind of feel that was multilayered .
There were notes and there were chords , and then there was a also on that album ….. an aura , kind of , that went with the tracks that was different from anything else I had .. different from Contact Special .
Even when I listen now , there ’s a kind of strange way the tracks segue together , some of the tracks are unclear , some are very clear … .
It sounds like you ’re intrigued by this whole process yourself .
Sure , which will give me information I need to move on to the next album which is called The Sleeper Wakes .
Can you describe the ideas which inspire it ?
Well , a project called Time Sensitive , Contact Special and One Man Spaceship were connected to a residency that I did in Japan .
And we were acting out these albums in a live setting .
So for instance Contact Special was about alien abductions .
And every Friday night at a club called Womb , we would make a script of what would happen from the time the doors opened to the time the club ended .
And every hour was divided , and a lighting scheme , a sound scheme , a special effects scheme was put in place , and at a certain point for contact special there was a point where the abduction would happen .
So we had these enormous lights that would create almost like a sun , and we filled the club up with fog , then used strobes , and everybody would be totally disorientated , and that would be the abduction part .
And after that , we used fans to blow the people , to blow them back away from the stage as if something was coming .
And just try to make everything as crazy as we could .
And One Man Spaceship was based on this idea that … it could be a positive aspect to be isolated .
Because you would have to use your imagination to kind of create the world around you .
So we designed the setting to emphasise that .
So the DJ set up had six turntables , we created a whole spaceship out of equipment .
And as the people came in we took photographs and exported the images to a VJ that immediately broadcast the images of that person on a large screen , so that happened in seconds .
And we were trying to give the whole event a very personal kind of feel .
And so this one man spaceship goes off on a journey , and The Sleeper Wakes is when he comes back after this long journey .
So I have not been back to Japan since 2005 to DJ , and that ’s because I needed to put this time in between One Man Spaceship and The Sleeper Wakes .
So there a special party that ’s going to happen on New Years Eve [ 2010 ] in Tokyo where I introduce the music that I ’ve been making for The Sleeper Wakes , for all this time , for all these years .
I ’ve been making music for all this time , for that night .
At that time , all of us will awake to a different situation .
So that gives me an opportunity to make a really different type of music and introduce it in a context in which it might be accepted more .
More complex concepts are emerging in these new albums .
I was wondering , are there aspects of your work which you are interested in less as times go by ?
Loops ?
Musically , it ’s becoming less , but actually in other ways it ’s becoming more interesting , like in video , the idea of looping , simply looping , is becoming even more interesting , if it ’s something which is very significant , if it ’s the right part of the film … .
For instance , Josephine Baker … .
I stumbled upon the idea of capturing the exact moment or exact point where ….
looping a short piece of film of someone speaking , and I would use it to be able to control what that person or how that person is saying something .
And I was able to do that with Josephine Baker . ….
I was given some really rough footage of her dancing at the Moulin Rouge , just to use to see what I could do with it , just to create like a music video of it .
And on the same reel was a very short piece of film where she was speaking to the person behind the camera .
And I guess they were trying to figure out how she was going to say her piece or whatever .
It was just a conversation , just the words coming out of her mouth , and I decided to loop at least one word or half of a word , and then try to find the perfect point at which the background stays stable , the rest of her face stays stable , but her mouth was repeating that motion over , and I was lucky enough to capture it , and from that point on I can manipulate her trying to say that word in a more intensive way or in a slow way … the video is called The Word .
And I modified it as if she ’s trying to explain to you what the word is .
It ’s interesting hearing about your use of computer data sequences … .
Does that mean you 're ending up with something more complex , does that mean there ’s any conclusion ?
Not that I ’ve detected so far .
At this stage the conclusion wo n’t come from me .
My interest is more in touching on things that we ’ve yet to , the sounds , the type of tracks that we ’re yet to explore .
The idea of a conclusion is something probably I ’ll have the opportunity to deal with later .
But I think now the idea of trying to get back to making music which had substance is most important right now .
And maybe it ’s reflective of what ’s happening in the world at the moment , I mean things are changing at an enormous rate , and I think that maybe there might be the opportunity to inject new ideas into new electronic music , so people might consider it in more important terms .
It might be a symbol or symbolic of some period or some time , or at least change itself maybe .
So I think now is a very important time to do as many things , as many different things as we possibly can .
Do you think human technology will be able to come up with solutions to problems like over population , climate change ?
What faith do you place in technology ?
Well , like with the idea of overcrowding , population explosions and things like that , I think there wo n’t be any moral way that we can deal with that , we ’ll have to try and find ways to change the impression of that reality .
So the idea of simulating reality might become as common as taking aspirin for a headache , or taking cold medicine for the flu , that it ’s a temporary fix .
So it gives you the illusion that you only see every other person , but actually there are four times as many people around you .
Or things that will give you the illusion that things are okay , but actually it is not .
A scary thought .
Well , there ’s a great commodity to that .
If you allow people to escape , right now there are ways people can do that in a very illegal way , but if someone should ever [ come up ] with something that can be passed by the FDA or some medical association that is unharmful to your mind at least , I ’m sure there would be a great commodity to that .
In Chicago , in America , people have facelifts like going to the make - up counter .
So the idea of mentally escaping from what you do n’t want becomes …. [ enough ]
If we had that pill right now , it would be in high demand , it ’s like Viagra .
Is that just like being in a rave and off your head ?
… well , as a DJ …
That is like one of the lowest forms of the medical field .
But you see that the people are coming to these events because they want to be different from who they are when they ’re walking down the street or whatever .
And so the setting is created for them to be able to go beyond , and what beyond is I ’m not sure , each person can define that .
So … Lights are put in the ceiling to blink like stars , it ’s dark , like space , and there are these strange sounds .
People who have never heard these things before adapt to them in a second .
They want the opportunity to ….
maybe become the person they really are .
So , this type of escapism is there , the people are ready , and if you can just say the right thing at the right time it happens .
Say like , Ritchie and his idea of the Cube and what he does and the way it ’s presented , is another example of people in enormous crowds are ready for something they can like latch onto to be able to escape .
Something outside their normal experience .
Sure , yeah .
We ’re all conditioned to watch TV , we ’re all conditioned to look at the screen of our computers .
Our eyes are already conditioned to accept the impossible .
So I think we ’re setting ourselves up for this type of commodity .
Many years ago , in an interview we did with you , you said it was becoming more apparent that things moved in cycles .
Do you still believe that ?
Sure , I do .
And now I think it ’s not so much because of events but more how we react to events .
Let ’s say , when I was young , Martin Luther King was assassinated , and watching how my parents react to that would probably prepare me – and I hope it never happens – for if Obama is assassinated , and I react to this and my daughter sees me , how I react to it .
And that passes down a certain type of mentality of how to deal with the issues , and that I think is the influential thing that creates these cycles I think .
A cycle of received wisdom
Yes , and not so much just crises , but good things as well .
And going back to what I was saying before about being American , we ’re all pushed and raised in the same way , perhaps the generation of my parents and their neighbours and their children was probably a very much similar situation .
They did n’t go onto the streets and start shooting white people , they were very sad of course , but kept control .
So I think that ’s the most impactful thing .
It ’s how you react to certain things , because we ’re always going to have crises in different situations , and things we did not expect .
But how you react to them determines how you move on .
And I think young children see that , and they learn from their parents , and that ’s what creates the cycle I think , not bell bottoms in the 60s , and then bell bottoms in the seventies ….. more important things I think .
Have you got more visual projects planned ?
Yes , we finally get around to releasing a book .
It ’s using film but in a book form , like a sequential frame kind of thing .
So a viewer can see the things that they would never see , what a DJ is doing .
So you actually see there is a certain kind of method to it .
The DJ is not just putting the needle on the record …
There is a certain kind of communication between the hand movements and body movements .
Obviously you ’ve done the Exhibitionist DVD as well .
Do you want to do less DJing ?
Do you want to communicate through technological means rather than being there ?
Well , I think the art form of DJing will run its course .
Meaning , it will stop when the people feel it ’s not so important .
And I do n’t think that time is too far away .
So wanting to move away from DJing is not something ….
It ’s going to happen , naturally , because of the way the technology is moving .
It ’s creating a situation where the person is not needed .
And the people are accepting that as well .
And I can clearly see the time is not far when the music is just programmed , and the people are passive to it , and they come and listen to it , and they dance , and people go away .
Then there will be less response between crowd and DJ ….?
Well , it ’s not me , but this is what other people are pushing toward I think .
By creating software programmes which basically mix the records for you .
Which allow you to put all the records at the same level so there ’s no fluctuation in volume , so that it ’s all perfect .
It ’s telling me as a consumer that eventually it ’s going to get to the point where we wo n’t need the DJ , we wo n’t need him to stand there , we can have something else , we could have video screens or something like that ….
The music could be programmed in real time , but presented by a computer .
Does that not lose the sense of the artist performing his art ?
Well art is different , what I ’m talking about is dance music .
I think that it ’s still interesting to see the artist think and create within seconds , to kind of figure it out right there in real time .
You very easily the capacity of what this artist can do , and how he can manipulate and think ahead But as far as dance music is concerned – again , it ’s not me , but … .
I do n’t think that dance music is best served by making it perfect .
The audience are humans and not machines , and there should still be some room for human error , because you ’re presenting music for humans to dance to .
And so it should not be perfect .
The presentation of it should be … I think it is most unique when it is at the capacity of the person that ’s presenting it .
And shows all the limitations ; it shows the potential ; and I think electronic music is best served in that kind of setting .
When you put it in a computer that can quantize , and keep everything perfect , it becomes something else I think .
It ’s not the discotheque anymore , it ’s kind of like a cheap thrill … .
It becomes an even cheaper thrill .
This is what the majority of DJs want , what the majority of producers want to have : the ability to phase themselves out of the scenario .
So they become ... software programmers ?
Something like that .
Was last night the first time you ’ve DJed with just CD decks ?
I think so .
That ’s funny that you ’re not sure .
It ’s different , and I really do n’t like it so much .
Having to look at a list of what ’s on the disc and pushing too many buttons . ….
Vinyl , you do n’t have to look at the meter .
Your mind can be elsewhere , your eyes can be elsewhere .
You use your ears less in the digital format than you do in analogue , in a vinyl situation , because your listening very much to the frequencies to know , or the structure of the song to give you cues for when to do what .
Or how to weed away those frequencies so that you can mix the next record in .
But when you have to look at the screen or a computer read out it ’s different .
In some cases , it ’s OK , because last night I was concerned about the vibration , because we were setting things on the floor .
But I would much prefer to use vinyl , because of the physical aspect of connecting with this motion , this clockwise motion of this disc , information , the frailty of it all .
The needle is just tracking on the surface of this record .
And that any jolt would totally disorient it , and everyone else , and myself .
And that I think is most reflective of the life of what we are , and who we are and how we live .
We do n’t control our destiny , we do n’t control our life , we do n’t control what tomorrow is going to be .
It ’s by coincidence .
We have to adapt .
And that I think it is why I think I like vinyl the most , because it puts you right on the edge of disaster .
And that I still like .
It ’s interesting , then , does the Exhibitionist DVD feel like your writing yourself out … .
Maybe becoming codified and commodified , really ?
Well , I ’m just being realist .
In one way the Exhibitionist was very much the idea of documenting something , or at least learning how to present something that could be more useful for the viewer or the dancer , in the event that I ca n’t physically be there myself .
For whatever reason .
Or maybe the time comes when we do n’t have this presentation , when the DJ does n’t stand behind the deck any more , we might like to have this piece of information to remind us of how things used to be , of how unique it was .
So as a piece of history I suppose , and that was another aspect of it .
It ’s kind of sad , because as I ’m saying this , I ’m thinking about how DJs mix now and they just plop a computer up , and they press a button … you really have no idea what happens after that point .
The time is actually now , the Exhibitionist now is actually out of place … it ’s kind of sad but strange …
Is it as easy to DJ at the same level as you get older ?
Does your DJing style change over age ?
Yes of course , well you get older .
Everybody gets older .
Your reflexes change , your attention seems to wander a little bit more , it becomes a little bit harder to focus .
For me I develop new ways to compensate .
So , when I was younger I used to be really fast as a hiphop DJ , I mean , faster than my eyes could see .
I used to do things that would even surprise myself , I did n’t believe I would be able to cue the record that quick .
Just without thinking .
And over time you begin to realise that the body is not designed ….
I used to be into fusion jazz when I was in high school .
Billy Cobham , percussion , Stanley Clarke and those guys , really master musicians .
I learned , basically , how to DJ in this very intensive , very focused type of way from those kind of musicians .
Do you play any instruments , and to what sort of standard ?
I used to play drums , and for a young person , yes .
I had double kicks and rolling toms , lots of cymbals , it was very noisy .
I was in a couple of bands , and then DJing came and totally wiped that away .
You broke DJing down in the same way as drumming ?
Yeah , I was very even - handed , ambidextrous , and I carried that type of style and technique into DJIng .
So backspinning and those kind of things was just very easy .
Like those musicians , it takes so much on the upper body , your body burns quicker .
So dealing with three turntables now is one way to compensate , multi-layering three and four turntables together gives you the feeling of a very intensive type of effect , but actually you ’re moving slower .
I got that sense with your video
DJing last night , Like setting plates spinning .
Sure , and then let it go , and take your attention completely away from that , and have confidence that it will continue to spin , which is very hard to do , and then deal with something else ….. the generation before my generation is the Frankie Knuckes , Tony Humphries , David Morales , and they could tell you maybe even more about how the body reacts to it , and the sound and the ears .
But yeah , it changes .
Some of the greatest DJs in the world , reggae DJs , only use one deck .
Yeah … .
I do n’t think I would get to that [ laughs ] .
But you find ways to compensate , you want to be involved , to stay with it , so you find ways to stay a part of it …
What ’s your plans for future releases ?
Well , I ’m constantly working on albums , but I do n’t really count them until they come out .
I meant to ask , did you make a soundtrack to Blade Runner ?
Yes I did , it did n’t come out .
I literally broke the whole movie down into different parts and then made tracks … I used dialogue , but I never released it .
I only released the one track , a 12 ” .
I have the whole album , I never released it .
Sometimes I use it in DJ sets .
Yeah , it ’s the whole …
Tyrell , the conversation , and then I reconstructed the soundtrack beneath it , and then made new parts to the story , Decker had a child , I threw that into the scenario , and made a whole soundtrack .
There ’s X - 104 , I ’ll start that album in January .
You ’ve never used that name before ?
No , we stopped at X - 103 , but X - 104 had always been on the drawing board .
With Mad Mike ?
No , with Robert Hood .
It ’s about black holes .
So that could be a possibility .
And there ’s another project about the whole idea of belief systems .
So , different events – using myself as an example , what events made me believe , or how I ’ve seen things , to make me believe what I believe right now .
So I believe that most people are generally good at the end of the day , that we all basically want the same thing , it ’s just the method of achieving these things are different .
So I go back to the events in my memory …
And soundtrack them ?
Yes .
Any particular films you ’re going to take on next ?
I notice there were no 80s films in the visuals last night .
Are you not so interested in those films ?
Well , no [ that ’s not the case ] ….
I was considering using the film The Trip , Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper , that was the original idea .
I had started work on that film and realised , OK , there is n’t enough here .
So then I needed to go back to science fiction .
Same idea , different context .
So grabbing these science fiction films , taking the most tripped out , turning point parts of the film .
And doing that .
I kept the title .
Fritz Lang , he made Metropolis in Germany .
Which is quite a utopian film .
He went to US after that , and then made very pessimistic films .
Do you prefer those older , silent films ?
Well , they ’re easier to work on , because you can very easily do away with the soundtrack .
And the direction was to emphasise the face expressions and the positions of the characters , so it ’s very interesting to watch with the eyes .
So those are quiet attractive .
But … Like with Blade Runner , the dialogue has multiple meanings , or at least if gives you the impression that they ’re talking about something else .
And , if those things are extracted , yeah I can very easily work with them .
Does dialogue open up new realms ?
Yeah , as long as it ’s interesting , for sure .
Any directors , and countries of film you ’d like to work with ?
Well , science fiction drama , adventures …
Do you think science fiction films are as good as they were ?
No .
Looking at these films for the project last night , and comparing to the films we have now , I think no .
With all the special effects we have now , we should be able to make it ….
There are no Space Odysseys any more , or 2010s , there could be .
Movies that had depth .
Have they lost their power to amaze ?
Well , I think that the market is different now , it ’s mainly for young kids .
And Hollywood has this set structure , there must always be a love story , there must always be this , there must be some character we can turn into a fuzzy doll we can sell in the supermarket .
There must always be something they can do marketing with .
And I do n’t know , maybe they all use the same special effects agency and the same guy , because they all tend to look the same .
It ’s sad because now Marvel Comics , the company , has come into play with Hollywood , they produce most of the science fiction big blockbusters from Spiderman to Ironman and those kind of things .
And as a kid , reading those comic books , they were much more intellectual and thought provoking than those movies you see .
I ’m just waiting for them to get back to the type of story form they were doing , they were teaching us as kids , to see that on the big screen .
Maybe then they ’ll have usage for a different kind of soundtrack , a different kind of music .
I do n’t think that time is too far away , because they ’re coming to have more power in these kind of films , they ’re producing their own films .
I think Ironman was the first one they independently producer .
So electronic music , the Juan Atkins kind of Cybotron thing , there should be more communication between those stories and this type of music in the future , I hope .
The distance between those guys , those illustrators and the people in electronic music is not that far away .
What ’s your equipment set up now ?
it ’s just pieces [ of analogue equipment ] connected together , no computer , CV triggers , MIDI ….
I ’ve always made music really quickly , so if the track is five minutes , it probably took me twenty minutes to make it .
Fifteen minutes to program it , couple of minutes to set it up , five minutes to mix it .
So in a couple of hours I can make a lot of different things .
But if you ’re trying to reflect concepts and actually say something , maybe that is where the real work is ?
Well the way it works is that ….
If you know what you want to say , for instance if I want to make something in reference to this scarf , and the texture of it , and how it ’s not constructed , it ’s just a very organic kind of thing , after dealing with music for so long , and dealing with a very simple type of set up , I know exactly what to look for , what sound to find which would come close to this , it ’s a black scarf , it ’s knitted , it ’s this , it has these frilly edges on it ….
I have more chances to find the sounds that would translate to that .
So for instance like Saturn , just looking at the one dimensional picture of the planet , and the landscape of it , and the few information , if it ’s of ice or dust or whatever , I can find the sounds which would give you this kind of crystallised feel , shapes as well , very abrupt … .
By putting the stereo sound in a three dimensional kind of way where you begins to use gates to cut off the end of it , it does n’t take long .
The more vivid picture I have in my mind the quicker it takes .
So for example Keeler ’s Gap , which is the gap in between the rings , the blank spot .
They do n’t quite know why that is , they do n’t know why it does n’t carry over , they do n’t know why all of a sudden there ’s this big gap in the ring .
And I asked the scientists , carry over meaning that gradually the dust and particles carry it to the point we ca n’t see ?
And he said , so , it cuts off literally like this [ a sharp edge ] .
And what forces are keeping that from not turning over they do n’t know .
And yet there ’s a moon which is stuck right in the middle of the gap , which is really strange .
So from this information I knew how the sound had to be , if you listen to the track .
So it took just a few moments to put together , it ’s a very simple track .
And sometimes the less information you have the more you have to use your imagination and the more vivid the track becomes .
If journalists were to ask musicians , how and why they do what they do , we would understand much more about how things come to be .
But what I read in the press is that they do n’t venture into these kind of questions .
Why does your music sound the way it does ?
Why did you choose these keys as opposed to those keys ?
But they ’re rarely asked .
So that gives you the impression that the we do n’t really care to know the real reasons why the music is the way it is .
Why techno is different from hiphop , etc .
We do n’t really want to know , because if we did we would ask .
… I ’m not sure that it ’s not people wanting to know .
Maybe it ’s more , it ’s almost such an obvious question to ask , maybe it would be rude … ?
Perhaps you would n’t expect someone to have an incredibly precise answer .
For example , sometimes people will hear a sound and associate it with a colour , but the question maybe would n’t occur to ask why they would associate it with a colour … .
Say , for a long time …. …
I ’m not musically trained , and there ’s other musicians in Detroit that are n’t musically trained .
We use the black keys for certain reasons .
Not because it might be the key of C or something like that , we use it for the subject matter .
So for instance if it ’s the track " The Art Of Stalking " , you do n’t use the white keys , you use the black keys , all the black keys .
Because it ’s the unknown .
If it ’s something very warm , like Nation To Nation , or more jazzy type of stuff , you use the white keys , because that ’s the light .
Because that sounds very natural , you see , I would n’t have guessed .
If you dig even deeper , not with me , with someone you would n’t think , who makes a hundred dance tracks , if you ask them why you are making most of your tracks in the key of D , they would probably have an answer .
Maybe because , I do n’t know , my hand just navigates to those keys .
And so you learn how these things come to be how they are .
I think we would understand more about electronic music if those questions had been asked in the earlier stages .
We would be so much further ahead I think , and probably would appreciate the music in more different ways , if we understood that there is a psychological method similar to this artistic expression similar to painting , and an artists only using lighter colours because of something which happened in his childhood , or where he grew up and the sounds he heard , these things were reminiscent .
I ’ve never heard an interview with someone asking Juan what was your life like when you were making the Cybotron album ?
Because that ’s not an album that ’s reminiscent of Detroit .
I was there at the time in Detroit at that time , and life was not like that .
So what was he thinking at that time ?
What was he smoking at that time ?
And it was n’t just one track , it was an entire album .
Even I would like to know .
The obvious question is , do you think there ’s a racial element to that ?
Well , no , that ’s a different discussion .
Quickly , Europeans , there ’s a multilevel field we have here .
Musicians from Chicago and Detroit you ’re perceived by Europeans differently .
If you come from these cities , you ’re expected to produce at a certain level .
But if you ’re black you ’re supposed to have the funk , the rhythm , but that ’s not necessarily true .
So I think there ’s this expectation , it helps sometimes , it gets in the way sometimes .
I ’ve seen so many different perspectives of that .
And people are still trying to figure out , how am I being perceived , what I supposed to do , my actions , are they judged good or bad based on the colour , what I am .
What is acceptable , what is not , what are my limits .
Should I be negative , should I be positive , should I use this badboy image , should I move in a more artistic way , should I reach out to people .
So you just have this struggle between how you ’re being perceived .
Do you find it a struggle yourself now ?
Well for me , I found no comfort in any of those positions , and I ’ve been through them all .
And now I just rest at the point where it is what it is , and if you do n’t like it that ’s just tough .
Most of the things that I make are not designed for you to fully understand .
I do n’t expect people to fully understand Contact Special .
But just to throw the subject up so that you take notice of it is good enough .
And that enables me to produce , much quicker …
If I take away the end result I can move on much quicker to the new project .
If I take away what the public perception is .
The Rings Of Saturn , I do n’t understand if you understood it or not .
There was no story , it ’s just an observation of a planet with soundtrack .
That ’s that .
And I can very easily move on to The Trip , I do n’t have to wait for the OK .
And it makes producing much easier , and if you ask any artist , that ’s close to the ideal situation .
Are there any articles of faith in your work which are n’t asked about ?
For instance , say the drum machine , that ’s been a constant in your work .
They still do n’t ask about that , why do you use the drum machine .
I was using it to be more interactive , to be able to have more control .
To change the context of what the soundtrack is , because there ’s no strings inside the machine , it ’s just percussion , so to change the context of the images , to change the mood of the room .
To make it more tribal , to find that common link between everybody .
If you ’re from the city and you ’re an accountant , or you ’re an artist , this tribal is the common link to all of us , whether we understand it or not .
So that pulls people together .
I ’m not sure if you noticed but the reaction .
And it ’s everywhere .
And it ’s not because people understand it ’s a Roland TR909 , I do n’t think it ’s because of that .
It ’s because people know drums are coming , percussion is coming , it ’s not music anymore .
And it ’s something everyone can relate to , and it generally creates more enthusiastic , more subliminal type of reaction , it ’s really interesting .
To take it to the other extreme , you mention you do n’t have any classical training of any sort , but some of the recent work , Metropolis , has very interesting string arrangements .
On what basis do you decide whether it ’s major or minor , whether it ’s using the black keys and the white keys together , or if it moves from one area of the keyboard to another ?
Again , it ’s the subject matter .
For instance there ’s a track called " The Plans " , and it ’s where one of the workers comes up and shows the master he had found sound plans of a revolution .
And thinking about that situation , you are now faced with information of how something could change your situation drastically .
And you must come up with a solution , you must come up with a plan .
So the way that I composed it was , the majority of the notes were made in the centre in the keyboard , and then the parts were there was pondering , or the person was thinking , I generally moved up to the black keys , and kept one or two fingers on the white keys to create this ….
Strange , off kind of chord structure .
I did not venture into the higher part or the lower part of the keyboard , I stayed pretty much in the middle , because of uncertainty .
And that ’s how I made that track .
And made quickly ?
And made quite quickly .
Do you have to do different takes of keyboard stuff ?
I just mention as you might hit one black note and white note and it might sound bad … .
I ’m usually finding out the keys , and then I record , and then play the part .
I ca n’t play , just , play .
Well , I did that on the entrance , where I just played , and hoped the right note would fall in the right place .
And that was the first time I ’d done that .
Do memories of soundtracks come back to you when you ’re working this way ?
Ideas which you ’re gravitating towards ?
Because there is a classical feel to some of these pieces .
Sure , I listen to classical , not a lot , but I do , for that reason , because I would like to be influenced by those kind of chord structures and those kind of techniques .
Whether it comes out that way when I do it , probably not , but at least I ’m thinking about .
But a lot of it really has to do with how fast my fingers can move to the next keys .
So , they do n’t move very fast , so I use a lot of reverb to carry over the sound until my fingers can move to the next keys [ laughs ] .
And that ’s how it comes out .
And it ’s more comfortable for me to move up and then down , this is the easiest motion for me , to play for the black keys to the lower keys , and it ’s always from the right corner to the left corner , so it ’s very rarely to the right side , because I ’m left handed , so this is the lead key , so it always comes back this way , and that creates that succession .
Motifs , which recur …
Yeah , and it ’s probably within most of the tracks that this step down is always in the same direction , in chord structure .
Your installation , my favourite bit was where the woman was flying on the aeroplane .
It ’s quite a brutal scene , very intense scene .
The music is very interesting , moving from minor to major .
Is it a deliberate feeling of mixing happiness and sadness ?
Right , exactly .
I purposely threw the off notes , because the situation was just so crazy .
At a certain point she was completely out of control as to what was going to happen .
Whether her life was going to end , whether she was going to break away .
And that there was the most important part of the whole piece , these very off notes , where I ’m just striking the keyboard , and not even looking at the keys I ’m hitting .
Chords were n’t the issue .
Finding some security was the most important thing .
That was how I saw it .
You listen to it and do n’t know how to react .
I felt an uncertainty …
Well , I ’d listened to some Philip Glass before hand .
The inclination of the strings , the chord structure , is from some of his ideas .
And then on top of that came the subject matter .
There is a reason for everything that we hear .
Just pursued , you might be really surprised .
Dysfunctional , bullied as a kid … .
not me , I mean , but you might be surprised by why someone ’s tracks are so aggressive , others so passive .
That suggests to me a lot of your tracks are influenced by previous experience .
Well , hopefully I can say this in this Belief System , hopefully I can lay it out .
First of all I tried to write all the things that I believed .
It ’s a very long piece , but it ’s just very simple , ‘ I believe that all people are good ’ , ‘ I believe … ’ trying to figure out some kind of pattern to it .
That was done a few years ago .
And I think all of us can think about different people , different places , different points in our lives that we remember the most , and what the reaction was .
So I had my first fight in the second grade , because this kid… let me explain what happened .
It was snowing outside , we had rubber boots , all kids had rubber boots .
I could n’t get my boot off , so I called my friend over to help me pull my boot off .
As he was coming over I pulled my boot off , so my friend gets mad for calling me over for no reason .
So he says , I ’m gonna beat you up after class for calling me over .
So I was scared the entire day that I was gonna get into a fight .
So we got outside , I could n’t find this kid , so this kid comes and he jumps on my back , [ laughs ] and I flip him over , which is not really a fight , we do this at lunchtime everyday .
So I end up on top of this guy .
Now , for young kids , you won if you pinned the guy down , so I ’d basically won , but the kid did n’t realise this , and he wanted to fight .
So I could n’t figure out how to get up off this kid and end the fight , without having to fight more .
So I decide I ’m going to get up off this kid and run [ laughs ] ,
So I get off the kid and I ’m running , and we live just across the street , and this kid is chasing me , and there ’s my neighbour and he ’s playing football with some other big kids .
So I ’m running next to this kid , he ’s really tall , and I ’m trying to tell this guy , look , this guy behind is trying to beat me up , I need your help .
But he was ignoring me because he was playing football , right .
So he ’s like , ‘ hey , Jeff ! ’ [ laughs ]
And this kid who was trying to beat me up thought I was running with this older kid , and so it was okay , he left .
And so I found refuge running along with this older kid !
It was a very dramatic situation , I had to think quick , I had to find a solution .
When you ’re seven , it ’s a very traumatic kind of thing [ laughs ] .
But these were the circumstances , miscommunication , misinterpretation – basically people are generally fine , except when trying to …
Will these details be made present in the Belief System project ?
Well , I had one experience – I had myself diagnosed by a psychiatrist on one album , Life Like .
And I used the report , for the public , to explain how , by a professional , how I am perceived as a person .
I ’d felt journalists were n’t asking the right questions .
So I went to a professional .
And it was totally misinterprested , as ‘ he ’s only interested in talking about himself ’ .
But my idea was that I wanted people to understand how someone like this could produce music like this , trying to make the equation .
Maybe these links are most obvious to the people who make the music .
Maybe the breadth of artistic translation is too broad for people to understand .
Well , there ’s a reason why one would choose electronic music over more conventional type of music in the first place .
So we have to start from there .
Is it because it ’s easy ?
Is it because technology has made it so any housewife could programme a keyboard ?
Or is it a certain type of membership , some type of pass , some type of symbolic gesture that you want to be part of the future of it all ?
Or the term electronic , or Techno , gives you some cachet , that you are working in this frame .
It does n’t really matter what you produce , it ’s that you ’re using this shape , this template .
Do you know the answers to this yourself ?
Well for me , maybe one of the most influential things that happened was during the riots in Detroit in 67 .
My parents decided to pack the family up and take the family out of the country because it was too violent in Detroit – it primarily happened in our neighbourhood in Detroit , where all the bombings and all the police and the army came in , and they declared martial law .
You could not leave your house .
It was the summertime , there was no way you could keep six kids in the house in summertime , it was just impossible .
So they decided to make a vacation , and they took all the kids to Expo , in Montreal , an exhibition on Futurism – architecture , technology .
And I must have been six or seven at that time .
In Detroit , you had to keep all the shades down , because there were snipers .
If army men thought they saw something in the window that was pointed at him , he had the right to shoot at it .
So we had to keep the shades down , in a dark house , in the middle of the summer , we had no air conditioning .
There were no supermarkets , they were closed .
It was like a warzone .
The army was using the school ground for landing helicopters .
And they were marching down the middle of our street , tanks were coming down our street , going to the worst part of the riot .
We stayed there for a few weeks .
It was maybe most impactful because you go from one very bleak , very bad situation , to something very bright , very promising .
For a kid , six or seven , it was like Disneyland , these big installations , big exhibition halls .
A vision of the future ?
Exactly .
It was all about the future .
That had to be the impactful thing , that pushed me towards the future , and space travel .
And also , we would travel every year , around the country .
I remember as a kid always being put in very new situations .
So you go to a camp ground , and you want to get in the swimming pool , but you have to get in the pool with other kids .
White kids .
And a black family of six , travelling throughout the countryside , this is the 60s , and you had to deal with racism , you have to deal with all these things , so I found myself in situations where I had to figure it out , and my family would have to deal with this .
You have to look at people as how they are .
So at a very early age I had this understanding , that as a black person , as a black kid , you have to be able to look much further beyond , you have to not only think for yourself , but for other people in general , in the best way .
You have to do things for the behalf of other people , in the best interest .
So I feel very comfortable approaching subjects that would possibly help someone .
Not now , but maybe later , when we colonise the moon , and we find ourselves in a very drab setting where there ’s no colour , and we ’re isolated .
And we somehow kind of have to adapt our personalities to these sort of surroundings .
Which is why I ’m so interested in Brazilia .
I ’m interested in what the psychological aspects are , because the architecture is not in the traditional style of South America .
In this subject , trying to figure out what the psychological aspects of the people living in the city was .
And in the research I ’ve found out so far that shortly after it was built people were committing suicide at an enormous rate .
They just could n’t deal with such change so quickly , and they were living in this very sterile place with no colour .
And a lot of Brazilians do n’t have a very high regard for the city and the architecture .
It ’s just this place they built in the middle of the desert , it ’s from somewhere else , it ’s from more Western culture .
And so I ’m studying that now , because that ’s basically what we ’re going to have to face , over and over again , because if we colonise the moon , it ’s going to be that situation .
And space stations , things like that .
In Detroit , my neighbourhood was a typical black middle class – which was lower than the national middle class level – but still middle class , my father was a civil engineer , and my mother was a housewife .
And all the neighbours basically had the same formation .
All the housewives were at home , and most households had children .
We all grew up together and went to the same school – very much connected , actually .
What did you father do exactly ?
Building bridges and waterways and dams and things like that , for the government .
So the neighbourhood , when you ’re that age , especially in Detroit , it does n’t go past three blocks in either direction [ laughs ] .
So that ’s basically where you play and where all your friends are living , and you rarely venture out past three blocks .
The cornerstore , everything was there .
When you ’re young it ’s great .
My playground was basically from one corner to the other , and I was n’t really expected to go any further beyond that .
And so that was it , and I suppose the income of the families were basically the same , because the housing was similar .
And music was something that was always really unspoken , you do n’t really notice it so much , but of course within these neighbourhoods were people who were connected to Motown and other parts of the music industry .
Was music played much at home when you grew up ?
All the time .
As long as I can remember .
I have four sisters and one older brother .
It starts very early the music brainwashing that happens in Detroit .
And it ’s not just me and my family , I ’m sure if you ask the other guys from Detroit it ’s the same .
It starts really early , like the second grade , outside the playground , but actually part of the music programme of the public schools at that time is that you were asked to choose an instrument to learn .
You did n’t have to , but most kids of course wanted to learn an instrument .
So you get this opportunity to choose one , and then they put you in a band , a band class , and they teach you the instrument , and if you like to do this than they can do it all the way until you graduate .
It was either learning an instrument or singing .
And a lot of the instructors who taught these things were people that were very much related to Motown , or were very heavily into church or gospel , and had done some performing at some point .
The connection to music , the industry in Detroit , that ’s where it really starts .
And then when you come home , or on the way home , in Detroit at that time , every public school had at least three or four corner stores just across the street which basically sold candy , but they actually sold music , 45s .
And so there was where we bought records , we would buy things like James Brown and Joe Tex , we would take these things home .
So you just had this network of music .
And I can remember a few times in I think English class , something really influential happened during Soul trane , like the week before .
The teacher finished the lesson like 30 minutes before the end of class , and she asked the kids if we wanted to form a soul trane line .
And so she went and got the turntable , and we had our 45s , and we pushed all the desks back , and formed a soul trane in the English class .
And this was normal .
There was kind of no escape you know , from my mother to my sisters , from school , from tv , the radio .
That sounds quite unique .
When did you start playing an instrument ?
The age of six .
I started with a trumpet , and then moved to cornet , because it was a little bit lighter , and then around the sixth grade I moved to percussion .
Do you remember your music teachers quite well ?
Sure , yeah .
The first few years , you ’re all little kids , so it ’s just a bunch of noise .
But then you somehow get to the instrument that you want , whether it ’s clarinet or flute , and you begin to come a little bit better .
And you learn the rudiments and the scaling and everything .
And the way it worked , stage band was the highest level , concert band was the second highest , and some third level was like the lower tier .
And if you were good enough you would go through these different levels .
Some schools did n’t have marching bands , but marching bands was an option , it was something you volunteered for .
And then you were obliged to be in bands with your schoolmates outside school .
And I did that throughout of high school .
I think I was in a trio with the bass player from the stage band , and the keyboard player from the concert band .
Because you were a percussion player , do you think that relates to your lack of scales ?
Yeah , sure .
Even when I play the keyboard now , I play it as a percussionist .
Maybe that explains a lot of the staccato like sequences .
Even as a DJ , I ’m kind of tapping the things because I ’m trying to keep rhythm at the same time as moving the knobs .
So maybe it comes from playing the percussion .
You ’ve described the Expo as being influential .
Can you talk about why is was influential ?
Looking back , it was probably the most different , the most extraordinary things happening in my youth .
The situation with the riots , the turbulence of the 60s , having such a drastic change , probably it influenced me .
And I do n’t remember … I think we have video , but I do n’t remember the trip from Detroit [ to Montreal ] .
But you know it was a drastic change from being locked in your place .
It was a like an amusement park .
It was n’t just my family , some other relatives had children of my age .
And you get there and you look at these exhibitions and these civilians and all these things from these other countries , and at the age of four , you accept it as maybe this is normal , maybe these things happen all the time .
It ’s a very positive thing .
And it was in Canada too , and Canada did n’t have the level of racism that America did .
So I think maybe that kind of tension was n’t there .
So it provided a model of looking at the world almost ?
Yeah , I think so , and especially at that time .
It was the late 60s … Canada for Americans has always been a place of refuge anyway , from Vietnam , and it ’s close but it ’s different .
Growing up in Detroit , with Windsor just across the river , you could always go there if you wanted something slightly different , but did n’t want to go to Europe [ laughs ] .
But you kind of want to feel the French - Canadian kind of thing , you could always go just across the river .
By the time you started doing music for yourself , with bands , were you listening to music at that time , and did it have an electronic component ?
Well , I was a really good drummer , so I was asked to be in a band with older students , I think I was in the tenth grade , these guys were in the eleventh and twelfth …
I was in a band with these older kids , and these guys were listening to fusion jazz .
Stuff like Return to forever , Stanley Clarke , steely dan , and also our instructor was also very much into fusion jazz , he played multiple instruments .
Fusion was the highest level of being a musician , it was typically a group of musicians that were basically the best [ laughs ] .
They had mastered those instruments .
Billy Cobham , Steve Gadd , Jan Hammer , Jaco Pastoris … .
And being so young , and being exposed to this gave me a much deeper sense about music .
I was very much into this kind of music before I got into dance music .
So I learned to play the drums in this fashion .
I was mastering things at a very early age , double kick drums , even handed … I practiced all the time .
I was lucky enough to have a drum set .
My older brother was in a band , and one of the guys in his band bought a new drum set and gave me his drum set .
So I had this enormous drum set I could practice on , double kick drums , five toms , in the basement .
I could practice around the clock .
At that time , fusion jazz , fusion rock , the line between the two was very thin , so I was crossing over into artists like Jeff Beck , Yes , to Jimi Hendrix ….so I was listening to all that and trying to become a better drummer .
And then when I realised I was n’t going to get a scholarship to go to college to play percussion , I stopped .
[ laughs ]
That was one of the aims ?
Well , yeah , I was the [ best ] drummer .
It ’s really up to the instructors to give the scholarships out to certain students .
I suspect there were other students which were more needy of having free tuition to go to college .
And so I understood that later .
But at the time I thought , I would like to play the drums , but if I ’m not going to get a scholarship , I should maybe look after my studies a little bit more .
So I quit playing , or I slowed it down , and then wanted to become a lawyer .
I was taking a lot of classes that would be compatible with that curriculum .
And that went all the way until the twelfth grade .
And where did , I guess , hiphop enter the picture ?
Well , I 'm in the twelfth grade , and I ’ve got my licence , you begin to drive and you begin to socialise , and go out .
And you begin to realise one way of getting girls is to be the DJ .
So you begin to play a little more attention to how that works [ laughs ] .
I mean I had been partying because of my friends , my family had moved to another neighbourhood , and the kids were more sociable .
And so I began to go out , and hiphop was coming throughout my whole high school year .
I remember in the ninth grade , wanting to learn more about the high school I had just entered , I went to a social function , a dance in the gym given every year .
And it was the most shocking thing I had ever seen .
This was the time of Parliament / Funkadelic , and Sir Nose , and I knew about the music but I did n’t know about all the things that go on .
It was the most shocking thing I had seen , how people were dressed , how they were dancing , they transformed the gym into like a jungle .
And I really remember how people were dancing , they were on the floor , and I had never seen that before , they were breaking it down and doing things on the floor .
It was n’t breakdancing , but it was something close to it .
And that always stuck with me .
And towards the eleventh and the twelfth , Parliament Funkadelic faded away a bit , and a different type of street music was coming .
And the DJ was n’t that important , at the very beginning , it was the rapper that was important .
So people were trying to put words together , and shortly after I graduated , that was when the explosion really happened with hiphop .
And you wanted to become a DJ , and making the transition from playing the drums to DJing was very easy , because I had learned how to balance my hands from left and right , how to manipulate the rhythms .
I knew how percussion worked .
So when I listened to a record , it was very easy to understand the scaling , and basically how it was put together , so I could very easily take it apart .
I learned tricks very fast , and got something of a reputation in the city of Detroit , just in the streets .
When did the idea of music making enter the picture ?
Well , around 1980 , the technology was changing .
The electronic music instrument producers were getting better , they were making things that were more affordable .
So by the late 70s and 80s they were making things that were smaller and more portable .
So like everyone else I just wanted to have one , so I would buy these things , but I would n’t really use it so much .
I would use it , mixing it with records and DJing , but I was n’t very serious about the idea of it .
And it was n’t really until 1982 , I began radio – a major radio station , I was hired from the street , to bring all the street music into the station – so the idea had the idea to higher a young DJ to bring any and everything that was new into the radio station .
How did they find you ?
Prince and the Revolution had just released Purple Rain .
And they were in Detroit for one week , and they were doing concerts every night , and doing afterparties and things .
So all the clubs in the city were somehow connected to this special promotion .
So they would broadcast live from certain clubs .
And I just happened to be spinning during the time they were about to go on the air , live .
And they asked me who I was , and if I was a big prince fan , and of course I was [ laughs ] .
So I played , and a few days later they checked the ratings , and it was the highest they had seen in quite some time .
And they asked if I wanted to come into the station to do an audition , and shortly after that they asked me to come in and have a show .
Playing hiphop and electro ?
Well yeah , it was hiphop , it was house , it was electro , it was funk ,
How long did it run ?
I think I quite in 1989 .
I ’d started Underground Resistance with Mike , and realised I wanted to make music , and then I stopped . … six nights a week , for almost a decade , sometimes two shows a day , sometimes three , and towards the end of the 80s the shows were getting so complex , that it would take literally ten hours to make a 45 minutes .
So by the end of the 80s , man , I was just exhausted .
I missed holidays , I could n’t go on vacation , and I was really wanting to stop , you know .
Would you record the shows live , or overdubbed ?
When I first started I did everything by hand .
So the station would give me Tina Marie , for instance , and they would say ‘ we want you to make a mastermix of this track ’ .
So I would take two copies , and mix it and reorganise the track by hand , within like five minutes .
And so I would have to do all that without making a mistake , it had to be perfect , because I did n’t know how to edit tape at the time .
So I was doing these mastermixes by hand .
And then they bought me an Atari tape machine , and that ’s where I learned how to edit .
And I began to do the mastermixes by cutting the tape .
And then I was combining the two together , and I bought in a multitrack machine , and I was layering things , and editing it ….
I had a lot of competition at that time , so you had to really be prepared .
It was another station , and theirs was the Electrifying Mojo .
That was my direct competition , we were on at the same time , I was hired to basically battle this guy , and I grew up listening to him .
The whole city would tune in to him to listen .
I was young , and it was my job to dethrone this guy , so I needed any and everything I could use to do it .
It got to the point where I needed to have music which Mojo did not have , or I needed to have versions that were not available .
So I began to bring instruments into the radio station .
And I was making drum patterns on a drum machine and mixing them into the music .
To give the impression that those were records , because no - one would do that at the time .
I would have rappers to come in , to rap over those tracks , to give the impression that these were records .
One guy was Doug Craig , who did Technicolour with Juan Atkins .
We were best friends .
So he would come in and we totally redid that track .
So that ’s how I got into really understanding how a sequencer worked , how a drum machine works .
And all while this was going on in the mid-80s , Chicago was really happening , so Farley Jackmaster Funk , JM Silk , they were using drum machines regularly in their DJ sets .
And also New York was really happening at the time , the radio stations with Tony Humphries .
And I would listen to these things to get ideas .
As you can imagine it was a very exciting time radio wise .
Were you still living at home at this age ?
No .
I moved out at a kind of early age , because I was making a lot of money .
So , I was a street DJ , playing four , five days a week , and then doing radio every night .
I was never home .
I was making a lot of money , to be so young , I was like 21 , 22 .
So I moved out , and I first moved to Ann Arbour , which is like a university town , because I was playing at a club called the nectarine ballroom .
And I was working there so many nights that I decided to move to the city , to get an apartment there , and then make my radio shows and take those back to Detroit every night .
… there was a lot of driving involved .
And so I moved out , and had a very nice apartment with an amazing studio .
It was half radio , and half music production , so I could basically do everything I wanted to do .
It had a huge sound effects library , it was really elaborate .
I slept during the day and worked all throughout the night .
And that was basically all I did , I really did n’t have time for anything else .
Did you start making music after that ?
What had happened also during the 80s is that hiphop had changed , rap really came into the picture , and after Public Enemy hiphop changed to more ghetto rap .
So it was n’t as appealing and entertaining as hiphop .
So my interest in that kind of urban music was beginning to fade , and I was becoming older , I was getting into house music from Chicago , little bit more sophisticated .
So my interest was fading quickly .
Did you want to get into something more DJ based ?
Actually , it was industrial rock , well , industrial dance music , which I got into first before underground resistance and techno .
I was in a band called Final Cut around 1987 , percussionist , producing the album .
We were a band , and making a type of music that was very reflective of what was happening in Detroit .
House music and industrial dance was merging together for some reason , I do n’t know why .
So you would go to a party and Derrick May would be spinning with an industrial rock DJ .
So we were inspired by that and we put together a band which was inspired by that particular sound .
We made a record , we did a few things with Chris Connelly in Ministry , and Al Jorgensen .
We produced one album and a couple of singles , they all did very well .
My background was more dance music and my partner Tony Srock was more rock so we were kind of going back and forth .
So we were making things like Take Me Away , which was something similar to Big Fun and Good Life , by Inner City .
And then we would do very dark , Front 242 and Nitzer Ebb kind of stuff .
It was a very special thing , it was even more unique I would say then techno , because it was only happening in Detroit , it was not happening in Chicago or new york , it was a very short period of time , it was only like a summer .
And I think a lot of people who are making techno , the older guys , were very much influenced by that .
Derrick , Blake , Eddie Fowkes , Stacey , there were quite a few .
At the same time the music institute , which was the club where all those guys used to play , was very popular , so industrial people would come to their club , so it was very interesting , it was one of the first time I had seen urban and surburban music mixing together .
There were a few labels at that time who were making this very specific type of music .
We were terrible as band , we sucked .
So we made an album , and I had so much experience of production that the music was OK , but the production was really good .
And Tresor from Berlin , before they were called Tresor , they were called Interfish , and somehow Dmitri from Tresor knew someone here in Chicago that knew what we were doing and got the album and wanted to licence the album .
And bring us over to Berlin for a performance .
And this was like a showcase of new music , there was GTO / Greater Than One , there was Baby Ford , Clock DVA , 808 State , it was the first time I had met these type of musicians .
It was a very short period of time , if you speak to Derrick May or Blake , they can tell you more about it , because they were very much pushing this kind of atmosphere .
And it was one of the reasons that set Detroit apart from Chicago .
… Nitzer Ebb had come to Detroit to perform , and I remember everyone from Detroit Techno was there .
I remember the lights came up and seeing everybody , from Kevin to Juan to Derrick .
And after that things kind of changed a little bit .
When did the connection to Techno happen for you ?
Well , in the production of this album called Deep Into The Cut , I had lots of recording equipment , and I had a lots of outboard equipment , but I did n’t have a lot of keyboards .
But I knew a guy that I did some work with once or twice , and he had a lot of keyboards .
And this was Mike Banks .
So I would call Mike up and ask him if I could use or borrow some of his samplers .
So Mike would bring all his keyboards over to my apartment , and he would listen to what we were doing and we became really good friends .
He was in another band called Members Of The House .
And so that ’s how we got together .
And then we went to Germany and we performed , it was terrible , and I thought as soon as I get back to America I ’m leaving this band .
There ’s just no future .
Tony wanted at the time to go more devil - worshipping kind of industrial , and I just wanted to stay more dance music , so I thought that maybe I should split from this band .
So I was out of a band , and Mike found himself without a band , but we knew each other , and we started to talk about getting together .
And that was the beginning of how we got together with Underground Resistance .
What had happened all this time up till then , we were matching what was happening with ….
Mainly Kevin Saunderson and Inner City , it was a very nasty behinds the scene situation .
It became a question of who actually made Big Fun , who made Good Life .
He was signed to a major label , and we had watched how difficult it had come for him .
So we wanted to make a completely different route into making music , and we thought , listen , if we ’re going to do this , we ’re going to have to rewrite the text book of how it ’s going to be done .
And so we talked and discussed it and came up with basically a manifest of how it ’s going to happen .
I ca n’t tell you much , but one thing we did was that we wanted to project as much information out as quickly as we could , without taking very little in , so we were thinking very , very strategically about how we were going to project it , the duration of that projection , and how soon the next thing would come and from what angle .
We literally had a blueprint .
And once we got one indication that worked , we would move on .
And we literally worked around the clock , we never went home , the power buttons were always on , we never shut off the equipment .
And so I had a very big recording set - up because of radio , and Mike had a lot Keyboards .
We put these two studios together .
We were producing three and four tracks at the same time , on three or four different set - ups , in one room .
Because at that time , we did n’t have much money , so we could n’t go into a major studio , so we just used what we had .
So we were producing three or four or five tracks a day .
He would be working on one track , I would be working on another at the same time .
Then just went on for a long time .
How me and Mike met for the very first time – there was a radio personality , a woman who worked at the station that I was at , she said she knew of some guys who were in the studio right now , and they asked if I could come by the studio .
It was a studio I think called United .
This was the studio where George Clinton used to make his music .
And she asked me if I could go by the studio after I finished my show to meet these guys , to help them .
They wanted to make a house music version out of these music .
And I went by there and it was Mike and his band .
And I basically told them how they should strip it down , how they should minimise the bassline etc .
And it was in the studio where George and all those guys would perform .
And I learned that Mike had lots of friends who played with George .
And I think Mike might have done some studio work .
And the way that George worked was that he would have many artists come in [ laughs ] to play on the track , and then he would come in and decide which was the best , and then do away with all the other stuff .
So you would be coming in to play on a George Clinton track , but you would n’t know if your part was going to be used a lot .
And I did that a couple of times , as a DJ , back then cutting and scratching was the thing , so I remember cutting and scratching on a George Clinton , but it was never used .
When you were making tracks with Mike , Underground Resistance were starting to release tracks ?
Yes , we were releasing vinyl , and there was a little bit of licensing , so we were having contact with companies outside the country .
I had stopped DJing for a while , and Mike persuaded me to start DJing again , because he thought that maybe that was the best way that the music could be displayed .
So I said , OK , I ’ll start DJing again only to play our music .
Do you consider yourself primarily a producer now ?
Well , I did n’t really commit to this profession until 1995 , actually .
I was getting older and I thought , OK , I gotta make a decision about what I ’m going to do , whether I ’m going to be a DJ / producer , whether I ’m going to go back to college or school or something .
And it was like 1995 I decided , this is what I ’m going to do till the end of my life , so I might as well prepare for it .
So that ’s when a lot of things changed , the structure of the business , got an office and all that .
Did things a little more properly .
You were saying there were certain concepts in music which you feel are very simple .
Can I take you back to making music with UR , were there ideas there which you fixed upon to make music ?
Yeah , there are , but I ca n’t really go into them .
We were making formulas , we were making so many different things at the same time , because we make formulas .
A lot of things were based on a tri level kind of thing , we were using the number three in terms of sequences and layering .
That ’s basically all I can tell you about it [ laughs ] .
But we were making formulas .
We were making compositions , but the way they were put together was not the typical way .
We were making parts and then piecing it all together after all the pieces were made .
Which was really tedious at that time , it took a very long time to do , but we could put more physical responses into the tracks which did not come from the keyboards , because we were editing these physical responses in .
So the music would seem to have much more character , and we very unique from one another .
How did you feel about the idea of rhythm at this stage ?
Obviously you had been a fusion drummer .
Did the linear rhythms of techno seem natural to adopt ?
Well , it came from a couple of different ways .
I had been a DJ for so long that I could see very easily that people were having difficulties with a lot of the music , that they could n’t dance very well to it .
And at certain times the music was just too complex .
So when I started Axis , I thought that the music should maybe be more simple .
And I spoke to Robert Hood , and we had come with this idea that maybe we should break down and simplify the music .
Not all of it , just some of it , so we would all kind of start again .
And so that ’s how we got with this idea of minimal techno , and Rob released this album called Minimal Nation .
It was that , and I was kind of getting more into art , like plastic art .
And I was studying and reading a lot about structural art .
I was influenced a lot by certain architecture , Tadao Ondo .
And I was trying to begin to listen to stuff like Philip Glass and John Cage .
And I ’m sure that ’s where the title come from .
It was n’t the idea of breaking it down to keep it down .
It was so everybody would kind of start again , and then grow again from this much more minimal state .
It was a pure starting point ?
Exactly .
And that it was a better way to communicate to people in other countries .
Because the music we were playing before was very structured , and the things that were in my record box in 1990 were basically things that people in Detroit would dance to , and not people in Berlin .
So it was a very specialised bunch of records , so they did n’t translate very well .
So the people in Berlin did n’t know the dancesteps , when the track broke down , what you ’re supposed to do .
So I though that maybe , if this is going to work , we ’re going to minimise it .
And it was great as a DJ for me , because if the track was very simple , it was really the perfect tool a DJ could use .
For many years as a DJ I searched around to find dub versions , on instrumental versions of certain tracks , so it was like paradise to be able to have tracks which did not change .
So it just stayed very minimal , so I could mix three turntables together , and use these records the same way I would use tracks in a sequencer .
And that led to the label purpose maker , because it was just very DJ friendly , and you could just interchange all these tracks together and create your own track .
So the idea of minimal techno was partly to make something popular , that would translate ?
It would be more digestive , actually .
It really did turn out to be a very universal type of language , because we could take these same tracks , and play in one city , and take them over to the next , and we would get the same response .
It was n’t like that before . ….
Technically , it was very much easier to make .
You would just create a sequence , and let it run for five minutes , and that would be the track ...
Well , I should n’t say it ’s that easy .
There is a certain way that you must make the sequences so that it becomes even more interesting the more you listen to it .
And this is what Rob and I would discuss for hours , how to do this .
And so it has to be a particular type of sequences and a particular type of scale .
And it has to somehow grow on the listener .
And the idea of it growing on the listener , if the listener becomes conditioned to expect the same thing over and over again , the listener would tend to feel more confident , and in a certain way take their attention away from what they ’re listening to and begin to feel the track , and begin to modify themselves to what they ’re listening to because they know the music is not going to change .
So as a dance I can change .
I used to use the psychological idea of Pavlov ’s dog , which is a form of conditioning , where you give the dog something to eat at a certain time every day , and then take it away , and the response is the same .
I ca n’t think of the Muslim ritual where the guy is spinning around , and he spins to the point that he becomes lost , but it ’s that kind of feeling .
Do you want to access that feeling of derangement yourself ?
No , when you DJ for so long , you kind of become immune to that .
I ca n’t get caught up in the moment .
Maybe I used to when I was younger , but now I ’m focusing on what the next three records are going to be .
I think that I ’m beginning to realise that the physical aspect of this music is becoming , not a liability , but an obstacle .
When I first came to Europe as a DJ I was expecting that everyone was going to react to music the same way , and then I ’m going to take that response , and that ’s how I ’m going to be able to play music for the people .
But it does n’t work quite that way .
Some people get most of the information from the music simply by listening to it , and moving less , it does n’t mean they ’re getting anything less of the music , they ’re physically moving less .
And I ’ve just come to the point where if I had to compare between making some music and having someone dance or listen to it , which was more important , it would be listening to it .
And I think that the how I ’m approaching music now , my goal is to put the music in more of a journey , it really takes the listeners mind on a journey .
And I realised that one way to be able to achieve that is basically to make it so interesting and unique that it ’s not something that I ’m saying , it ’s something that ’s between the person that ’s making it and the person that ’s listening to it .
It ’s like the sun in the sky , it has nothing to do with me or you , but it ’s just there .
And it ’s very important , but it ’s doing something while we ’re doing something else .
It ’s a third aspect to the way music has always been .
Is it something which is just kind of … true ?
I ’m creating the third person .
I ’m making the music , and as a DJ a lot of times I ’m playing the music for the third person or the third thing .
Not so much for the crowd , and the crowd can be thousands of people .
And I feel it ’s the only way that electronic music is going to move beyond what we ’ve already heard before .
And when I ’m in the studio I ’m imagining there 's something else that ’s going to be touched by this music .
It has nothing to do with dancing , it has nothing to do with 88 keys , it has nothing to do with what is right or wrong .
Basically I ’m trying to communicate with something else .
It ’s all imaginary , but what it does it drags my mind into basically the unknown .
Because then things like scales and key and semi-tones … it ’s kind of hard to label what I ’m trying to achieve .
And so I just kind of chuck all those things away .
And then I ’m kind of using this a
A behind the scenes featurette entitled " First 3D Movie " which takes a look at Pixar 's 10th animated film and first on in 3D .
AROUND THE WEB
Aided by social networking tools like Twitter , LiveJournal and Facebook , demonstrators in the former - Soviet republic of Moldova are gearing for another round of protests .
Just yesterday , activists seized the president 's office and the country 's parliament – only to have the government take the buildings back .
More crowds , however , are converging on the main square .
And they are Tweeting , posting , and uploading .
Tweets are coming in every few seconds to #pman ( short for Piaţa Marii Adunări Naţionale , the Romanian name for the capital city 's biggest square ) .
Demonstrators are complaining , for example , that the authorities had tried to block cellphone coverage in the center of town .
Posting on Twitter , Ciprian wrote : " Communists take ur dirty hands out of our country !
Do n't cheat !
Do n't block sites and communications !
Don`t block path to our freedom ! "
As has become the pattern during a big , Twitter - heavy events , these on - the - scene updates are bracketed by political outbursts ( " Moldova is the cradle of Romanian civilization ! " ) , retweeted news , and 140 - character - or - less spam ( " Facebook helps you connect and share with the people in your life " ) .
Activists are also using the Cloudapp aggregation service to bring onto a single web page Twitter - streams , blog posts , video , and pictures from the protests .
The Livejournal social network , wildly popular in Eastern Europe , is buzzing .
Natalia Morar , described in the Russian press as one of the organizers of the anti-Communist flash mob , posted an announcement today on her LiveJournal page .
She said student organizers of the demonstrations had nothing to do with the violent riots that broke out yesterday .
" The group ' I am an Anti-Communist ' declares that it has nothing to do with this disaster .
None of the activists in the group took part in the riots .
None of them violated the laws of the Republic of Moldova . "
Twitter user 1arsz is posting frequent updates ( in Russian ) from the center of Chisinau .
He writes that the perimeter of the Parliament was now surrounded by plainclothesmen ; government buildings have been cordoned off by uniformed police .
But all is quiet at the moment , he observes : " They [ protesters ] are even waving the Romanian flags pretty lazily . "
In the Russian - language Twittersphere , however , users are already debating the role of social - networking tools in organizing the demonstrations .
It 's all very meta :
They are even passing around the translation of a New York Times analysis of the role of social media .
Over at Foreign Policy , Evgeny Morozov has a great post on yesterday 's events .
He asks : " Will we remember the events that are now unfolding in Chisinau not by the color of the flags but by the social - networking technology used ? "
Less commentary , however , has been devoted to the actual internal politics in Moldova , a poor , largely ethnic Romanian country sandwiched between Romania and Ukraine .
The riots in Moldova in part are a response to allegations of vote - rigging in recent elections by the country 's Communist party ; but protests have also been spurred by economic stagnation .
And as Andrew Wilson of the European Council on Foreign Relations notes , the crisis also has a geopolitical dimension : Russia has supported the breakaway republic of Transnistria – much as it aided separatist movements inside Georgia .
The Communists , Wilson writes , flirted with Moscow for election support .
" This trend could well continue , " he says .
" Russia is seeking to settle the dispute with the separatist ' Transnistrian Republic ' on its own terms . "
And sometimes a demonstration is , well , just a party that is not to be missed .
One user posted this exchange on YouTube :
" Look , it ’s the great seal of Moldova , " says the cameraman .
" Not a f**ing thing left of it . "
He then turns his lens to a weedy young Moldovan in a tracksuit .
“ So say a few words , why did you come here ? ”
“ To defend Moldova ! ” he says to the camera , while his friend passes a bottle of wine .
“ So why do n’t you like communists ? ” asked a second man , off - camera .
“ I dunno , ” the kid says .
“ Just do n’t like ‘ em . ”
“ And how old are you , anyway ? ”
“ I ’m turning sixteen … "
Sometimes , real - life protests can be just as odd and off - topic as online ones .
PHOTO : Anti-communist demonstrators set a bonfire on the steps of parliament , Tuesday April 7 , 2009 , in Chisinau , Moldova , during protests against the declared results of Sunday 's parliamentary elections .
Many thousands of demonstrators attempted to storm the presidential palace and parliament in a violent demonstration against what they said were fraudulent elections .
Associated Press / John McConnico
British police are searching a house in Leeds linked to Mr al - Nashar
Habib al - Adli told Egyptian newspaper Al - Jumhuriyah media speculation about Magdi Mahmoud al - Nashar was groundless .
He also denied agents of the British security services had participated in Mr al - Nashar 's interrogation in Cairo .
Unofficial sources in Cairo and London say British agents are observing the 33 - year - old 's ongoing interrogation .
The Egyptians are doing everything possible to cooperate , the sources say .
Mr al - Adli told Al - Jumhuriyah that reports elsewhere in the British and Arab media linking Mr al - Nashar to al - Qaeda were " groundless " and based on a hasty conclusion .
Interior Minister Habib al - Adli has said that 33 - year old Egyptian Chemist Dr Magdi al - Nashar , who has been arrested recently by the security forces , has no connection with the terrorist al - Qaeda organisation
Al - Jumhuriyah
Egyptian press jolted by biochemist 's arrest
The ministry on Friday released an extract from the interrogation in which Mr al - Nashar denied having any role in the attacks .
He had told investigators he was on holiday , all his belongings remained in the UK and he planned to return there , the ministry said in a statement .
British police are searching a house in Leeds linked to Mr al - Nashar .
They have turned their attention to finding those who may have helped the bombers carry out last Thursday 's attacks - in which 55 people died , including three bombers .
They know three of the bombers were from West Yorkshire - Hussain , 18 , of Holbeck , Leeds ; Shehzad Tanweer , 22 , of Beeston , Leeds , and Mohammad Sidique Khan , 30 , of Dewsbury - and are searching their homes .
They are also searching the home of the fourth bomber , Germaine Lindsay , a Jamaican - born man who lived in Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire .
Meanwhile Britain's top Muslims have branded the London suicide bombings " utterly criminal , totally reprehensible , and absolutely un - Islamic " .
A joint statement of condemnation came as 22 leaders and scholars met at the Islamic Cultural Centre , in London .
HAVE YOUR SAY Mutual respect between religions is the way forward , which can only be ascertained by allaying fears and listening to the concerns of local people
Eddie Espie , Cookstown
Send us your comments
Muslim leaders said there could never be any excuse for taking an innocent life , it said .
The statement said everyone must confront the problems of Islamophobia , racism , unemployment , economic deprivation and social exclusion .
Of the Muslim stance on suicide bombing , the leaders said : " There can never be any excuse for taking an innocent life .
" The Koran clearly declares that killing an innocent person was tantamount to killing all mankind and likewise saving a single life was as if one had saved the life of all mankind .
Those who carried out the bombing , the statement said , " should in no sense be regarded as martyrs " .
Both Muslims and non-Muslims should help bring the people behind the bombing to justice , it said .
We are devastated our son may have been brainwashed into carrying out such an atrocity
Mohammad Sidique Khan's
Family says bomber ' brainwashed '
" The pursuit of justice for the victims of last week 's attacks is an obligation under the faith of Islam . "
But Britain 's highest ranking Asian police officer , Tarique Ghaffur , says Muslims and their leaders must do more than just condemn the bombings .
In his only interview on the attacks , Mr Ghaffur , the Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner , urged Muslims and their leaders to inform on potential terrorists and their supporters .
The police would protect informers , using the lessons learned from tackling serious and organised crime , the head of the Met 's serious crimes directorate added .
They would have to engage better with minorities - but the minorities would have to take the first step , he said .
An air of radicalism had been building up among a minority of Muslims , Mr Ghaffur added .
In other developments :
Mohammad Sidique Khan 's family say they believe the Circle Line bomber could have been " brainwashed " by terrorists .
The family of 18 - year - old London bomber Hasib Mir Hussain said they were " devastated " at his involvement .
Forty - one bomb victims have been identified and 31 named .
The government plans new criminal offences of providing or receiving training in the use of hazardous substances ; of acts preparatory to terrorism ; and of inciting terrorism indirectly , Home Office minister Hazel Blears said .
It emerged bomber Mohammad Sadique Khan , a teacher , met MPs Hilary Benn and Jon Trickett during his school 's trip to the Palace of Westminster in July 2004 .
