Shutterstock
PEOPLE always want more .
That is a truism , but it is particularly true in the field of computing : more memory , more processing power , more speed , more everything .
It is , perhaps , a neat linguistic coincidence that the rate at which this moreness is delivered is commonly known as Moore 's law .
The latest manifestation of this is the desktop supercomputer .
Though the definition of a supercomputer is slippery , machines that carry this label have traditionally been big boxes that can do big calculations , such as those needed for forecasting weather , designing nuclear weapons and generating the graphics for Hollywood films .
However , it is possible to get a similar effect by linking a number of smaller computers in what is known as a server cluster , using clever programming techniques to make them behave as a single unit .
Often , though , such clusters are expensive lash - ups .
They consume a lot of power and thus generate a lot of heat .
They frequently rely on bespoke software .
And they have a tendency to break down .
Moreover , being a shared resource , they are the subject of competition between users .
Far better , were it possible , to have a single box of equivalent power on each user 's desk , for him to do with as he likes .
And that is exactly what SiCortex and Scalable Servers Corporation , two small American firms , plan to do .
At the Supercomputing 07 conference in Reno , Nevada , this week , they unveiled their wares .
Each has packaged something like a server cluster into a single box , to produce what each hopes will be a commercially viable desktop supercomputer .
On the outside , the machines in question look like big desktop PCs .
On the inside , they are rather different .
Instead of one or two microprocessors ( the business parts of a computer , which do the actual calculations ) , they have dozens — up to 72 in the case of SiCortex .
It is these microprocessors that are the analogue of the server cluster .
The difference is that because they are linked together in a pre-planned standard design , the arrangement is much more efficient than hooking up a set of stand - alone machines .
A standard design also allows a standard operating system to be used .
This operating system is far more complex than Vista or Leopard , the desktop systems produced by Microsoft and Apple respectively .
Besides running the calculations , it has to assign each calculation to a particular processor , as efficiently as possible .
It then has to assemble and synthesise the results , and present them to the user .
Moreover , if one of the microprocessors fails , it has to notice the loss , and work out how to rearrange the calculations to take account of it .
SiCortex and Scalable Servers are not the only people trying to usher in the age of the desktop supercomputer .
A couple of years ago a firm called Orion tried ( and failed ) .
More recently , Hewlett - Packard combined bite - sized versions of its business computers into a system that can sit on a desk .
Unlike Hewlett - Packard ( but like Orion ) , SiCortex and Scalable Servers have started from scratch , rather than customising a previous product .
The result , if all goes well , is that an organisation 's übergeeks will no longer have to fight each other for time on the machine .
And , in the not too distant future , lesser mortals will have the means to create movies beyond the imaginings of YouTube .
Datenschutz ist uns wichtig .
Bevor Sie diese Webseite nutzen , bitte lesen und akzeptieren Sie unsere Datenschutz - und Cookie - Bestimmungen .
Andernfalls nutzen Sie unsere Seite bitte nicht .
Datenschutz - und Cookie - Bestimmungen
Fox : Left 'has always disliked the concept of Christianity ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday September 28 , 2007
Save This Page
Print This Email This Want to get the news the media buries ?
Get Raw headlines in your browser .
Fox News is currently expressing indignation over a gay block party in San Francisco that is using a leather - bar parody of the Last Supper in its advertising .
Over the headings " War on Christians " and " Anti-Christian Crusade , " Fox spoke to radio shock jock " Mancow " Muller about the ad .
" What a disgrace , " Mancow told Fox .
" Can you imagine if , let 's say , your local Baptist Church did something that parodied the gay community ?
It would be the end of the world . "
" This is a small part of a big , huge attack by the left on Christianity , which has always disliked the concept of Christianity , " complained Fox host Andrew Napolitano .
" When these things are out there , nobody complains about them except maybe on a talk show like us .
Why not ? "
" It 's a huge cultural battle going on , " explained Mancow , contrasting Mad TV , Joni Mitchell , Sinead O'Connor , and Kathy Griffin with his own refusal to make fun of any religion except Islam .
" I do n't make fun of religion .
I do n't think you go there .
I do n't believe the Islamofascists -- that 's not a religion , that 's a weird thing going on there , so that 's different . "
After 9/11 , Mancow drew criticism for his " Burning Mosques , " a parody of the Elvis Presley song " Burning Love . "
The right - wing group Concerned Women for America , which is known for its anti-gay activism , has called upon California politicians to denounce the ad , but Mancow thought that was unlikely to happen .
" It 's a godless group there , and they hate it , " he stated .
" If it 's not of God it 's of something else .
...
What is it about [ Jesus 's ] name , 2000 years later , that drives people so crazy ?
Why ?
... Jesus Christ .
Why ? "
Mancow Muller himself was the target of Concerned Women for America three years ago , when their Illinois director filed indecency complaints against him with the FCC .
The following video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast on September 26 .
Like many Americans , I ’ve heard it so many times in casual conversations that I can cite it verbatim : " I ’m not sure Bush is doing everything the best way , but he is our commander in chief , and we need to stand behind him during this time of war . "
I used to respond with the truthful reply that " He ’s not MY commander in chief , " but that only made me look like a terrorist - loving , communist , pacifist , Islamofascist pinko to whomever I was speaking .
So I ’ve modified my response : " He ’s not your commander in chief , unless you are active - duty military .
Are you currently in active - duty service ? "
That response always gets a perplexed look , as citing the Constitution tends to do in this era of constitutional ignorance , and only rarely ends in a straight answer to my question .
The constitutionally literate are always suspected of being tinfoil - hat - wearing loons these days  until I continue : " Article Two of the U.S. Constitution says that ‘ the President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States . ’
So if you are not in the military , the president is n’t your commander in chief , as far as the U.S. Constitution is concerned . "
That ’s usually enough to shake all but the most pigheaded neocon imperialists .
Demonstrating that Bush is not " my commander in chief " removes the foundation for the belief that they are somehow personally liable for loyalty to the president .
After that , the entire false edifice of the imperial presidency can be knocked down .
President Bush claims to be a commander in chief who can bring the United States to war , cancel the Sixth Amendment right to trial by jury , cancel the Eighth Amendment protection against torture , and eliminate Fourth Amendment protections against searches whenever he deems it necessary .
But Bush ’s alleged commander - in - chief powers far exceed the Constitution ’s actual commander in chief provision .
George Bush claims to have more powers than British King George III ever demanded .
Yet constitutionally speaking , the president is nothing more than the errand - boy of Congress .
The president has no powers to order the military to do anything , unless Congress first orders it .
Only Congress has the power “ to make rules for the regulation and government of the land and naval forces ” under the Constitution .
Only Congress can “ declare war , ” and only Congress can declare " enemy combatants " under its exclusive power to “ make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water . ”
As commander in chief , Bush ’s responsibility under the Constitution is to do what Congress tells him to do .
Nothing more , nothing less .
We are not in a " time of war , " as far as the Constitution is concerned , because Congress did not declare it .
So President Bush cannot have " war powers . "
Whereas Congress has the exclusive power to declare war under the Constitution , presidents have historically " declared war " when they want to appear to be making progress on a public concern while not actually doing anything .
( Witness the so - called " War on Drugs , " " War on Poverty , " and " War on Crime . " )
Even if one were to adopt the expansive view of the Constitution ’s commander - in - chief provision dishonestly claimed by the president and his lackeys , the powers Bush claims would be trumped by the Bill of Rights .
The Bill of Rights is , after all , the first 10 amendments to the Constitution , and therefore changes all provisions of the Constitution that conflicted with them .
If the commander - in - chief provision had actually empowered the president to spy on American citizens without warrant , deny Americans trial by jury , or authorize torture , the Fourth , Sixth , and Eighth Amendments would have nullified that power .
President Bush explained in his press conference last week that his infringement of Congress ’ powers are irrelevant and that he would leave his constitutional violations mired in " debate " among lawyers :
" I would say that there has been a historical debate between the executive branch and the legislative branch as to who ’s got what power .
And I do n’t view it as a contest with the legislative branch .
Maybe they view it as a contest with the executive ; I just do n’t .
I view it  I view the decisions I ’ve made , particularly when it comes to national security , as necessary decisions to protect the American people .
That ’s how  that ’s the lens on which I analyze things .
I ’m going to leave that [ debate ] to the lawyers .
I believe I ’ve been hired by the people to do my job , and that ’s to protect the people , and that ’s what I ’m going to do . "
Bush is essentially saying " Let senators debate , while I act . "
His words are an echo of several Roman consuls at the close of the Roman Republic , when the legislature became irrelevant and dictatorship arose under the empire .
James Madison wrote to Thomas Jefferson on Oct. 17 , 1788 , concluding : " Wherever the real power in a government lies , there is the danger of oppression . "
Today , the real power ( as opposed to constitutionally legitimate power ) in government lies in the person of President Bush .
James Madison was originally ambivalent about the Bill of Rights , arguing ( correctly ) that they were redundant to the Constitution ’s principle of delegated powers .
But Madison supported the idea of the Bill of Rights as a healthy redundancy .
Significantly , Madison argued as he introduced them in Congress in 1789 : " In our government it is , perhaps , less necessary to guard against the abuse in the executive department than any other ; because it is not the stronger branch of the system , but the weaker . "
He was right .
Congress has the power and the constitutional and moral obligation to reign in the runaway executive branch .
All that is needed is for the people to infuse a backbone into Congress .
Microsoft yesterday used its Silicon Valley outpost , just down the road from Google , to unveil a " major update " to the web 's third most popular search engine .
And , yes , it 's only been a year since the last major update .
Bill and the gang plan on re-launching Live Search every 12 months .
With this update , the company now claims that - on the whole - its core search engine is better than Yahoo !'s and on par with Google's .
" In 2005 , when we started , we were way behind , " said Satya Nadella , corporate vice president for Microsoft 's search and advertising platform group .
" But after this release , we feel that our slope of innovation is so good that we can claim that we 're as good as Google . "
Feel free to chuckle .
According to the company , the new engine indexes more than four times as many sites , it has a better understanding of user queries , and it 's more likely to turn up relevant information .
" Overall , we feel we 've made a quantum jump on our core relevance , " Nadella said .
At the same time , Microsoft has announced a bevy of new vertical engines that work in tandem with core search .
These include a local search platform with more info about individual businesses , a shopping platform with more info about products , a health platform with more info about bodily functions , and an entertainment platform that tracks the worldwide popularity of Salma Hayek .
One search engineer told us these updates will be available to all US users by Monday - with the exception of the new local search engine .
That will arrive in late October .
According to the latest numbers from research firm comScore Media Metrix , Live Search is the third most popular search engine in the US , handling only 11.3 per cent of all web queries .
Compared to Google 's 56.5 per cent , that 's a pretty paltry number .
But Microsoft is quick to point out that Live Search reaches more people than this would seem to indicate .
In August , the site handled only 11.3 per cent of all searches , but it was visited by 37 per cent of all searchers - i.e. almost 70 million people .
From our perspective , this indicates that the company 's existing search engine is a piece of junk .
People go there , and then they quickly leave for another site .
The Redmond outfit confirms that 46 per cent of its users are " not satisfied " with the current state of Live Search , with most complaining that search results are n't as " relevant " as they should be .
But Microsoft likes to look on the bright side of this less - than - Googlicious position .
Since it already reaches such a large audience , the company says , it can quickly expand its overall market share simply by improving the quality of Live Search .
" All the things we 've done [ with the new update ] are in response to specific feedback from our customers , " said Brad Goldberg , general manager of Microsoft 's search business group .
" Almost 40 per cent of all searchers on the internet use Live Search every month , but ... we only have an 11 per cent share .
That 's where the opportunity is .
If we can do a better job of going out and delighting those customers and addressing their needs , I think we have a real opportunity to grow share . "
We 'll see about that .
Friday evenings we have dinner , clean up the pots , take a shower and retire to the bedroom .
After a weeks work it ’s nice to grab a bottle of red and disappear off upstairs .
We both threw off our clothes and jumped in to bed stark bollock naked , well he was .
Lol
We both tuned in to watch Katie Price aka Jordan and Peter Andres ’s new show and to veg out a little .
A couple of glasses into the old red we were both feeling a little more relaxed .
Once the cat had got up off my boobs we snuggled up together for a cuddle and a kiss .
Oh , and a grope . 😉
My dirty guy was already sporting a semi .
A couple more glasses of wine later and I was now gently stroking his cock as it rested against his belly , it began strain to be upright bouncing under my hand with each stroke .
Alex was totally relaxed , his left arm under my neck and his other outstretched across the bed .
The show was entertaining and in parts quite funny , something I did n’t expect . 🙂
But my need to be fucked took over as it always does .
I ran my palm gently over his swollen glans and felt his pre cum as it cooled on my skin .
He was ready too .
Whilst laying on my back I took a firm grip of his erection in my right hand and placed my left between my open thighs eager to feel if I was wet too .
My hand went in to auto pilot and began to pull back his pink foreskin .
Applying a steady pressure to his shaft I drew back the skin and then slowly brought it back up covering his blushing shiny helmet .
My fingers had now found their place between my engorged labia , my clit was swollen too , aroused and sensitive to my own touch .
I was wet , basted with my own viscous fluid .
I moved my clit from side to side with my middle finger , a move which always works .
I sighed …it felt so good .
Alex moaned and I began to increase the intensity of my stroke , grasping him more firmly .
He began to buck his hips meeting my down stroke with perfect timing .
Looking over and watching him , eyes closed mouth slightly open added to my pleasure and increased my desire .
My clit was now firm and in tune with my digital stimulation .
I moved my finger up and down it ’s fleshy sheath .
Pulses of electricity travelled through my neural pathways to my lower spine , through my pelvis and in to my legs .
I crossed my ankles and squeezed my buttocks together .
Doing this intensifies and focus the sensations enrapturing my lower body .
“ Suze , I ’m almost there …stop or I ’ll come ! ” , demanded Alex .
I loosened my grip on his cock and began to concentrate on my own ensuing orgasm .
My eyes were now firmly closed and I could feel Alex ’s breath against my right cheek .
Then on my naked breast .
A warm wet mouth enclose my erect nipple .
“ Ouch ! ” , I cried out as he took my nipple between his teeth and bit in to my brownish pink bud .
I was balancing on the pleasure / pain threshold .
He began to swirl his tongue around my areola .
I love this and started to massage my clit with intent .
I placed my right foot on top of my left and pushed against it , at the same time pulling my buttocks tight .
Fuck this felt good .
I changed my stroke again , rubbing my clit from side to side and SHIT … that did it .
My body began to convulse and buck as the most intense orgasm rose deep within my lower back and between my legs .
I was aware of Alex sucking hard on my nipple which added to the pleasure as I tingled all the way down my legs , arched my back and came all over my fingers .
My own juice were now running down my pussy towards my ass in a slow trickle .
I lowered my back on the mattress and Alex placed another tender kiss on my cheek .
“ Suze get up on you knees I want to fuck you ” , encouraged Alex , urgency in his tone .
I opened my eyes and could n’t help but notice his erection pointing out in front of him , beconing me towards it .
He moved down the bed as I assumed the position before him .
I gathered his pillows under me and pointed my ass upwards , facilitating his access to my more than ready pussy .
I could smell myself in the air .
He shuffled up the bed to meet me and ran his fingers between my lips , ensuring that I was well lubed and ready to receive him .
It feels good when he does this , makes me feel dirty .
I felt his hardness push against my labia , he moved his cock from side to side , working his way towards my opening .
Then in he pushed .
I stretched to accommodate his girth , he was big . 😉
Inwards he pushed until he bottomed out on my cervix .
I adjusted my hip tilt for maximum penetration and g - spot stimulation .
He began to withdraw from me , slowly , deliberately and then pushed firmly back in to me until his hips were against my buttock .
Then he began to move in and out of my cunt with slow deep thrusts .
“ Ooooh !
Just there I called out ” .
“ Like this ? ” he enquired as he slammed against me teasing .. then again and again .
Jesus he was driving in to me like a man possessed , the penetration coupled with the stimulation of my g- spot brought me quickly to orgasm .
He was now sloshing in and out of me , my cum now freely running down my thighs .
“ You are a dirty bitch ” , he offered as he began to fuck me like a dog on heat .
My right knee began to twinge with the impact and movement .
As much as I love this position it plays havoc with my knees but I just ca n’t resist a good doggy style fuck , perfect angle , penetration and g - spot stimulation … nothing better . 😉
I pushed my head in to the pillows to cry out as another orgasm built .
This fuelled Alex and he was now fucking me from behind so hard that I was moving up the bed .
Then BANG !
My head hit the headboard .
Alex did n’t even notice he was fucking me so vigorously .
He was now climbing up my back , almost trying to climb inside me .
Grunting and pounding me .
I pushed back against him , providing some much needed space between my head and the headboard .
With a couple of guttural grunts and clashing of groin against buttock he released his warm seed in to me , he climbed up my back until his mouth was level with my ear and moaned his exhilaration , almost deafening me .
My arms just could n’t take the weight anymore and I collapsed down on to the bed , Alex falling on top of me in a heap of sweaty , hot , spent male .
The recognition hit as his orgasm waned and he raised himself off me much to my relief . 😉
He knelt behind me with his cock still buried inside me as he twitched the last spasms of his all consuming orgasm .
Then all was still .
Moments later his cock began to retract and ease from between my pussy lips .
I looked down between my legs to see a long threadlike string of cum drip on to the bedsheet .
Alex dropped down next to me with a sigh extending his arm to embrace me .
I get the wet patch again then …
---------------------------------------------------------30 DAYS TO ABSOLUTE TYRANNY ( Now 23 Days ! ) Latest Bush Executive Order Outlaws Iraq War Dissent on Penalty of Full Asset SeizureIn an as yet un-numbered Executive Order ( at least the number is n't published ) , president bush has decreed that your property - all of it - can be taken away at the sole discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury at the mere suspicion that you may commit a crime in the future .
You can view and read this latest executive atrocity at the White House website .
An executive order only becomes law if Congress does n’t overturn it within thirty days after it is published in the Federal Register .
If you own a business , this concerns you .
Whether you own it as a sole proprietorship , as a sole shareholder , or even as a partial shareholder of a corporation , you stand to lose all of it if the Secretary thinks you may commit an " act of violence " that may disrupt the war ( or peace ) effort in Iraq .
Naturally , " act of violence " is not defined anywhere in this order .
Once this becomes law , he has all the tools Hitler and Stalin had to keep their respective populations in utter subjection to their will .
The executive order states in Section 1 ( a ) that “ all property and interests in property ” of “ any person determined by the Secretary of the Treasury , in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense , to have committed , or to pose a significant risk of committing , an act or acts of violence that have the purpose or effect of - blah , blah , blah ( followed by a laundry list of “ purposes or effects ” ) .
This means that the triggering factor underlying any such blocking order is a mere “ determination ” by the Secretary of the Treasury that you pose a “ significant risk ” of committing an act of violence in the future that has any of the listed purposes or effects .
All the Secretary then has to do is to “ consult ” with the secretaries of state and defense .
There is not even a requirement that these two agree with the Treasury Secretary ’s “ determination ” ( !)
In other words , if the Secretary of the Treasury says that you “ pose a significant risk ” of committing an act of violence with the purpose or effect of “ threatening the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq ; or undermining efforts to promote economic reconstruction and political reform in Iraq or to provide humanitarian assistance to the Iraqi people ” , then the ' bushprez ' can block you from accessing your bank account , retirement account , credit cards , or “ any property or interest in property ” that you may own .
That technically includes your house , whether owned or rented , your car or other means of transportation , whether owned or rented , your business , all the way down to your cell phone , toothpaste and underwear , as well as the twenty bucks you loaned your buddy that he has n’t paid you back yet .
What is there to keep the Secretary of the Treasury from “ determining ” that you , because you oppose the war in Iraq , are probably one of those extremist hooligans who protested the WTO in Seattle a few years back , or that you are likely to act like one of them even though you have n’t even participated in those riots ?
War protesters do these things , do n’t they ?
They are all the same , are n’t they ?
If the Secretary “ determines ” that you probably are one of them and that you “ pose a significant risk of committing ” an act of violence intended to frustrate the war ( or even the peace effort ) in Iraq , all of your stuff can be taken away from you - or you can be “ blocked ” from accessing it , which pretty much amounts to the same thing .
You have no legal recourse under this order .
No remedy at law .
The order does not provide for compensation to you for the taking of your property .
There is no due process requirement that will guarantee you a fair hearing in a court of law .
Unconstitutional ?
You bet !
But you ca n’t complain about it .
Why is that ?
The president has declared a state of emergency back in 2003 ( as he recites in this executive order at the end of the paragraph that starts with “ I , GEORGE W. BUSH ” ) .
That state of emergency has not been rescinded , to this date .
A Florida man who deliberately defied an Orlando ordinance which prohibits feeding the city 's homeless will become the first person to face trial for the offence when he 's hauled before a judge and jury .
According to wftv.com , 22 - year - old Eric Montanez was in April this year caught on video camera providing nourishment to a group of the less fortunate in Lake Eola Park in contravention of the ban on " mass feeding in one area " .
He was duly cuffed for his trouble .
Montanez is a member of campaigning group Food Not Bombs , which on Monday morning returned to Lake Eola Park and " served breakfast to about 100 Montanez supporters , most of them homeless " at the start of a defiant , three - day " ladle fest " .
Montanez said : " The law itself should be illegal .
Feeding people should not be criminalised .
Being poor should not be criminalised . "
He added : " We 're ready to take this on . "
The prosecution will present the video footage as proof of the charitable perp 's guilt .
The defence will argue he " did nothing wrong , because every feeding that he participated in was done at a public park " .
Homeless man Lamont Robinson offered : " Me personally , I think that 's discriminating for one . "
Fellow street dweller Melvin Moore chipped in with : " We 're out here trying to survive from day to day life and this gentleman over here is helping us . "
George Crossley of the American Civil Liberties Union summed up the whole affair with : " There are a lot better things for law enforcement to be doing in this town , but this was an outrage . "
The penalty for illicit mass feeding in Orlando is not noted , although Montanez should be aware that Florida 's most hardened criminals may face the electric chair or lethal injection gurney . ®
Bootnote
The usual ta very much to regular Chris Winpenny for the heads - up .
Online tool for making anti-aliased rounded corners ( very Web 2.0 ! ) for avatars and images
Security forces sealed off five monasteries that were focal points of previous mass marches , in a bid to prevent further demonstrations .
Official media said nine people were killed on Thursday as troops fired tear gas and bullets to clear large crowds of protesters off Rangoon 's streets .
British and Australian ambassadors in Burma say the toll was probably higher .
" Observers say the death rate could be many multiples of that number , and I certainly would n't disagree with that , " British ambassador Mark Canning told the BBC .
The security presence in Rangoon on Friday was the heaviest yet , says the BBC's South East Asia correspondent , Jonathan Head .
Troops sealed off the key religious sites in Rangoon , including the Shwedagon and Sule pagodas - the focal point of some of the larger protests earlier in the week .
All the main roads into central Rangoon have been blocked .
Internet severed
Information from Burma has become increasingly patchy .
Internet access has been cut in Rangoon and is only partially available elsewhere .
Religious sites sealed off by troops in Rangoon
Enlarge Image
Burmese sources told the BBC that international mobile phone signals have been interrupted and soldiers are searching people for cameras and mobile phones .
Dissidents have been using the internet to get pictures and video of the protests and the military crackdown to international news outlets - who then fed them back into Burma via the internet and satellite TV .
But eyewitnesses managed to contact the BBC on Friday to say that the government was sending bus-loads of vigilantes into the main city to attack the demonstrators .
They said a temporary holding pen had been set up at an old race course for the huge numbers of people detained in recent days .
The atmosphere is said to be extremely tense and there is a palpable sense of fear on the streets .
Warning shots
Correspondents say Rangoon looked like a city locked down on Friday morning but at about 1300 local time ( 0700 GMT ) , small groups of protesters began gathering .
Some were immediately rounded up .
Within minutes , shots could be heard - but it was not clear if they were being fired into the crowds or overhead in warning .
A witness told the BBC that a number of people were killed in Friday 's violence .
Loudspeaker trucks have been criss - crossing the city , warning people not to protect anyone fleeing arrest .
An overnight curfew for the South Okkalapa district , the scene of Thursday 's violent encounters between soldiers and protesters , was also announced .
According to the Burmese officials accounts , a Japanese video journalist and eight protesters were killed on Thursday .
One man was reported killed on Wednesday .
Japan is demanding a full explanation from Burma over the death of Kenji Nagai , an employee of the Tokyo - based news agency , APF News .
But Australian Ambassador Bob Davis told his country 's ABC radio that the death toll might be " several multiples of the 10 acknowledged by the authorities " .
People seem to be determined to continue , despite the bullets , beatings and killings .
I hear right now that shooting is still going on near our office
Rangoon resident
Accounts from Burma Send us your comments Global protests in pictures
He said witnesses had told embassy staff they had seen " significantly more than that number of dead being removed from the scene of the demonstrations " in Rangoon .
In addition to the dead , 11 demonstrators and 31 soldiers were hurt , according to the official account .
Authorities are trying to stamp out the largest uprising in two decades , led by Buddhist monks whose numbers on the streets appear to have dwindled since the crackdown .
Monasteries have been raided and hundreds of monks are thought to have been detained .
Pictures from Burma show ransacked monasteries with pools of blood on the ground .
The BBC's Jonathan Head says Burma 's rulers have turned their backs on the world and the torrent of outrage their actions have provoked .
The first opportunity to communicate that outrage will be when the UN special envoy , Ibrahim Gambari , arrives in Burma in the next day or two , when he will try to persuade the generals to put a stop to the crackdown .
By Claire Wolfe Issue # 92 • March / April , 2005
Long ago , I read that to live in the country you must have the soul of a poet , the dedication of a saint , and a good station wagon .
Today I suppose you ’d have to update the station wagon to an SUV , but the fact remains :
To live successfully anywhere outside the mainstream of life you must have an unconventional spirit coupled with down - to - earth practicality a combo that can be hard to find and harder still to balance .
I live in the country , but my latest life choices have also involved living in miniature spaces which presents an additional set of challenges , both to the soul and to practicality .
For the last three years I ’ve shared a one - room cabin with a pack of dogs and one outnumbered but boldly unflappable cat .
The cabin has an exterior footprint of 409 square feetnine feet above the minimum my county requires for a residence .
Its interior space is about 360 square feet , including closets and cabinet space .
I work as well as live here , so I ’m in this one room 24 hours a day , except when the critters and I are out dog walking , running errands , picking blackberries , or otherwise adventuring .
On winter days , when I ’m tripping over tails , wiping up muddy pawprints for the umpteenth time , and having accusatory canine noses stuck into my computer ( “ Mom , we ’re booooored ! ” ) the cabin sometimes feels as small as a shoebox .
On summer afternoons , it ’s luxuriously spacious with its glass door thrown open to sunlight and all its denizens sprawled on the deck .
In fact it seems so large that I ’m currently contemplating spending part of my year in a structure about one third this size .
Think dollhouse ( or rather , converted garden shed ) .
The structures pictured were made by Tumbleweed Tiny House Co. at www.tumbleweedhouses.com.
I ’m hardly alone .
Even as the size of the average new American house has more than doubled ( from 1,100 square feet during the post - WWII housing boom to more than 2,225 by 1999 ) , more and more people are also exploring small - space living .
These include , most visibly , RVers spending months in their cleverly designed rolling homelets , simple - living advocates wanting to use fewer resources , homeless camper - dwellers , folks living on boats , and country newcomers ( like many readers of this magazine ) who are camping out in garages , trailers , cabins , or sheds while building their dream homes .
Finally you ’ve got people like me who ’d rather have 409 paid - for square feet than 2,225 square feet of mortgaged luxury .
RVers and boat dwellers have built - in advantages .
Literally built - in. RVs and boats , with their endless crannies , hidden storage spaces , and double - purpose furnishings ( like tables that turn into beds ) provide the construction model for the rest of us .
But there ’s more to small - space living than just clever design .
Living well in tiny spaces has four parts :
Coping
Building
Gadgeting
Decorating
Let ’s take a brief look at all four .
Oh , and before we do , I ’ll confess that a lot of my knowledge comes from what I - didn ’t - anticipate , or I - did n’t - do when I built my cabin .
It was a learning experience .
Successful coping
Coping the actual art of getting along in that tiny space is logically the fourth thing to consider , since after all , you ca n’t do it until you ’ve built and furnished .
But unless you ’re interested in doing what it takes to “ live small , ” there ’s no point in even thinking about the other three steps .
Living small inevitably brings some surprises .
For instance , most people automatically assume that a smaller house requires less housework than a big one .
First learning experience :
In small spaces , every dirty dish left on the counter , every pile of bills you set on a tabletop upon return from the Post Office , becomes proportionally a big mess .
Unlike in a large house , they ’re right there in your face .
They might be taking up your only work space or eating area .
Also , when all your activities are confined to one small space , that space will get dusty and dirty more quickly than when your activities are spread around 2,000 square feet .
So …
Plan to cultivate neatnik habits .
Find a place for everything and put everything in its place as soon as you ’re done with it .
If you ca n’t immediately put things away , then have a transitional junk drawer or cabinet where you stash stuff until you can file , fold , sort , or dispose of it .
( This is in addition to your usual junk drawer where you keep odds and ends on a long - term basis .
I know you have one ; everybody does . )
Above all , banish clutter from your kitchen countertops .
Eliminate small appliances you do n’t need .
Stash those you do need inside cabinets .
Buy the under - cabinet mounting types of appliances where feasible .
Buy or construct a countertop “ appliance garage . ”
An uncluttered kitchen is the biggest step toward small - space sanity .
Do n’t own a lot of stuff .
If you can do without it , do without it .
If you ca n’t do without it , cheat .
Build yourself a small garden shed , rent a storage bin , or purchase one of those $ 350 Rubbermaid instant - sheds at your local garden supply , and use that for your extra possessions .
Resolve that you will never again go on mad acquistion binges , host your entire family reunion , or have giant parties unless you have them outdoors during nice weather .
Designing and building for living small
Before tackling any small - space building or remodeling project , take a look at the interiors of boats and RVs .
Make note of their space - saving design features like underbed storage , dual - purpose furnishings , fold - up tables , compact water heaters , and especially the way they turn every bit of “ useless ” space into a cabinet .
Also look at what boat and RV builders do wrong .
My friend , Charles Curley , who spent much of his youth ocean sailing , remembers a table whose swing - up leaf kept everybody on one side of the table from being able to reach the kitchen during meals .
He recalls another table whose similar leaf had to be folded down every time anyone wanted to get into the refrigerator .
Bad design .
Just as small spaces can actually be harder to keep clean than large ones , they can also be harder to design because they require more clever attention to picky detail .
Some tips :
Do n’t underestimate the amount of storage you need .
This is the biggest mistake I made in planning my cabin .
I figured one clothes closet , one linen closet , and the kitchen cabinets were enough for my simple life .
I now wish I ’d built in at least one entire wall of miscellaneous closets , cabinets , and drawers .
Cabinets and drawers are a lot more expensive to construct than simple open space .
But do n’t scrimp on them .
You can never have too much storage .
This built - in desk has plenty of storage and light .
Open shelves are a budget - minded substitute for cabinets and drawers , but having all your stuff out in the open can be ugly .
It ’s a terrible dust - collector , besides .
If you must use open shelving , get some cheap cafe - curtain rods and plain cotton fabric and make yourself curtains you can pull tight over the face of the shelves to keep out dust and keep from having to look at heaps of stuff all the time .
Use pocket doors that slide into the wall ; that way you do n’t have to leave lots of space for doors to swing open .
Consider constructing ( or buying ) a platform bed with big storage drawers underneath .
Consider a Roman - style bathtub , again with a platform underneath .
Design it cleverly with a hidden , spring - latch operated panel and you can even use this as your top - secret storage space .
Build with good attic access or an easily accessible storage loft .
The typical hatch - in - the - ceiling access discourages us from using that space above our heads .
A generous - sized hatch with a ship ’s ladder ( or specially constructed folding ladder ) encourages use by making access less formidable .
If you live in tornado country where basements are a necessity , or if you live elsewhere and your budget allows a basement , then you ’re ahead of the rest of us .
But even if a real basement is n’t in your future , you might have what I call the Thoreau option .
In his famous cabin at Walden Pond , Henry David Thoreau had a crude dug - out partial basement where he stored fruits and vegetables .
In part of the country where I once lived , very few houses had real basements , but many inexpensive worker ’s houses had their water heaters and central heating units placed in similar , crudely dug spaces under the floorboards .
( The code bureaucrats may freakor may require at least a concrete pad . )
If you heat or cook with wood , a pass - through bin for firewood will save space and mess .
Build the bin on the outside wall of your house , with a door to insert wood from the outdoors and another , next to your woodstove , to pull the wood inside .
If you ’re building your own kitchen cabinets or having them custom - built , extend them all the way to the ceiling .
You may have to use a step - ladder to access the top shelves , but you ’ll avoid the maddening waste of standard - height ( 30 - inch ) cabinets , which end a foot below the standard 8 - foot ceiling .
If you must have 30 - inch cabinets , then do n’t enclose the above - cabinet space with the traditional soffit .
Leave the above - cabinet space open and use it to display attractive , seldom - used kitchen items .
Where feasible , replace traditional walls with half - height walls , pass - throughs , or movable screens .
The bigger area you can see , the less cramped you ’ll feel .
( This has a drawback , though .
The more you see , the less easy it is to avoid looking at those dishes on the counter or bills on the table . )
If you ’re really into simple , inexpensive design , and you do n’t require insulation in all your walls , then consider leaving an open stud wall for small - item storage .
You can install extra cross - braces for shelves and use better - than - stud - quality 2x4s or 2x6s for the uprights .
Done poorly , this would be a tacky - looking solution to any storage problem .
But when going for a rustic or artsy look , it could be done quite cleverly , augmented with attractive stain or paint .
Design with multiple use in mind .
A built - in fold - down workbench can double as a kitchen table .
A kitchen countertop with a knee hole under it becomes a desk .
Build in bins for dry dog food .
Or for bulk human foods like wheat or split peas .
Build niches to hold your TV and electronic gear .
Electronics not only take up a lot of space when sitting out on countertops or tabletops ; they take up a lot of visual space .
They ’re always in your face , wherever you turn .
And they ’re not pretty .
Tuck them into a cabinet - wall and they ’ll be easier to live with .
Whatever else you do , be sure to let in lots of light using glass doors , big windows , skylights , or ( depending on your climate ) big doors that can stand wide open in summertime .
No matter how tiny your interior space , the entire outdoors can still be part of your design .
Helpful gadgets for saving space
Having just touted a relatively “ stuffless ” existence , it ’s a little ironicoh , but so much fun to delve into space - saving gadgets .
It ’s also ironic that so many small gadgets are more expensive than their larger work - alikes .
So to keep the budget down , we ’ll look at only a few .
Check out under - counter refrigerators , 20 - inch - wide ranges , counter - top dishwashers , and small European washer - dryer all - in - ones .
( See them at www.compactappliance.com)
If the exotic washer - dryer combos are beyond your budget ( or you worry about getting parts for them ) , then of course a stacking washer - dryer pair is your friend .
I looked at apartment - sized versions but ultimately realized the full - sized models did n’t take up much more space and were a much better buy .
Replace your desktop computer with a laptop .
The traditional problem of the laptop keyboard being too small and cramped for comfortable use is being solved by the new widescreen laptop models .
And you can usually attach an external keyboard .
They even have folding keyboards if you really want to save space .
Another computer solution : Charles Curley , Tech Geek Supreme , suggests buying a rack - mounted computer rather than your standard consumer off - the - shelf desktop model .
Rack - mounted computers are more expensive , but they ’re usually higher quality .
And the thing that makes them perfect for small spaces is that they can bolt to the underside of a table , inside a cabinet ( if well - ventilated ) , or in storage space under a platform bed .
Then the only space - consuming item you need to worry about is your monitor .
And with flat - panel LCD monitors now becoming affordable ( under $ 300 ) , no problem .
This kitchen has extra storage near the ceiling , and hooks , instead of cabinet space , for frequently used items like pots .
Consider getting rid of your range altogether if you do n’t cook much .
You can replace it with a microwave and a two - burner hotplate .
Or cook on your wood stove .
Or cook outdoors on a handy , folding stainless - steel Pyromid ( which you ’ll have to purchase from eBay.com , since these wonderful little devices are n’t currently being manufactured any more . )
Get a TV with a built - in DVD player .
Or get a TV card and use your computer as your TV / DVD player .
Or consider your TV among the excess stuff you can get rid of .
Decorating to make small look bigger
Finally , when you ’re ready to move your furniture in :
Use light colors ; they make rooms look bigger .
Go for white or brushed - metal appliances , white or light wood cabinets , painted ( instead of wood ) walls .
Avoid wildly patterned upholstery , bedspreads , or carpets .
Muted is good .
Put nice , big mirrors on your walls , or even a whole wall of mirrored squares .
Have glass , Plexiglass , or Lucite tabletops .
Have a tabletop or workbench that folds up against the wall .
Use small tables with big leaves .
Use futons , sofa - beds , or other furniture that can go quickly from compact to full - size as you need it .
To people who ’ve never done it , small - space living often sounds cramped and uncomfortable .
Certainly it can become that way in a structure that ’s poorly designed or if you get sloppy in your living habits .
But be clever and conscientious and you can have a very nice little life while saving a bundle , not only on construction , but on heating , air conditioning , maintenance , and furnishing .
Oh yes , and on top of everything else , you ’ll be giving the taxers a whole lot less to tax than your neighbors who ’re building those 2,225 square - foot palaces .
In my years upon this planet I have discovered that there are two basic types of people in this world :
Those who talk about starting a hardcore death metal band with a parrot for a lead singer , and those who actually do it .
Hatebeak , my friends , is the latter .
No , I 'm not kidding .
After you 've heard their music you 'll know what awaits you in the bowls of helllllll !!!!!
They sound like Cock & Ball Torture , but the unholy screeches are like the howls of demon .... uh parrots .
Seriously , give it a listen .
Download a copy .
Play it at your prom .
Let your grandma jump in the pit .
Fuck yeaaah .
Personally , I think we should give Hatebeak the keys to the kingdom .
Who else has given so much to humanity ?
There should be parades , fireworks , medals of honor , world acclaim and they should get their choice of our finest virgins .
Fuck your Britney Spears records .
Her time is over .
It 's time for ...
HATEBEAK !!!
Labels : funny , metal , music , reviews
There are a few economists ( very few ) and a small percentage of voters ( very small ) worldwide who are convinced that central banks inflate their domestic currencies as a deliberate policy .
We skeptics monitor the various money supply statistics and find that there is rarely a period longer than a few months in which any nation ’s money supply is either stable or falling .
We also monitor various price index statistics and find the same thing , with the exception of Japan .
Japan did have a few years — 1995 and 2001 — 3 — in which its official price level fell for over a year by about one or two percent .
On Japan , see the chart on “ Inflation . ”
In testifying before the Congress , every Chairman of the Federal Reserve System invariably warns against inflation , meaning price inflation .
He tells Congress that inflation has not been fully overcome , that it lurks in the background , and that recent successes in the war on inflation — price increases of less than 3 % — must regarded only as good progress , not a victory .
This song and dance has been going on ever since the end of the Korean War .
If you go to the Inflation Calculator of the Bureau of Labor Statistics and search for what you would pay in dollars today compared with $ 1,000 spent in any previous year , you will find that inflation has been with us , year by year , with the exception of 1955 , for over six decades .
A $ 1,000 purchase in 1914 , the first full year of operations by the Federal Reserve System , would cost you more than $ 20,000 today .
That is a depreciation of over 95 % .
This performance should be evaluated in terms of the officially stated purpose of the FED .
A good example of this official policy appears on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond .
The Fed ’s task is to supply enough reserves to support an adequate amount of money and credit , avoiding the excesses that result in inflation and the shortages that stifle economic growth .
The depreciation of the dollar by 95 % is not an indication of success regarding the first criterion .
The Great Depression , 1929 — 40 , is not an indication of success regarding the second .
Neither are the recurring years of recession ever since 1949 .
How is it that a government - appointed organization whose criterion of success is stable prices has failed — except for 1930 — 40 — in its anti-inflation goal , and was successful only during the worst depression in American history ?
In other words , how is it that success somehow eludes this organization ?
More important , how is it that it never comes under attack in Congress for its nine consecutive decades of failure ?
I suggest two answers : ( 1 ) the Federal Reserve is the source of price inflation , not its dedicated opponent ; ( 2 ) the voting public prefers price inflation to the alternatives : stable prices or falling prices .
In short , the Federal Reserve has faithfully delivered what the voters have wanted .
BUCKETS OF MONEY
Imagine an auction .
You have arrived early .
You have looked over the inventory of the items to be auctioned off .
You have spotted some items that interest you .
You have made a few notes .
You have jotted down limits on what you are willing to pay for each item , so that you will not be caught up in the heat of the bidding competition .
In other words , you have treated the auction as a business .
A few minutes before the auction begins , you look around the hall .
The other bidders have assembled .
It is a large crowd .
This will tend to drive prices higher .
You then notice something odd .
There are several men in three - piece dark blue suits who have entered the hall .
Each of them is carrying a bucket .
Each of them approaches a member of the audience .
Each of them engages in whispered conversation .
The person in the suit hands the other person a document and a pen , who signs the document and hands it back and the pen .
The person in the suit hands a bucket to the person .
The person then takes his seat , with a bucket in front of him .
The auction begins before everyone is approached by someone carrying a bucket .
You notice that the bidding is lively .
Prices are higher than usual .
You also notice that the people sitting next to a bucket are among the most aggressive bidders .
They seem to be about to outbid the people without the buckets .
After each item is sold , anyone with a bucket walks forward , sets the bucket down , reaches into it , grabs a handful of what appears to be currency , counts out pieces of paper , hands the wad to the auctioneer , picks up the item he has just purchased , picks up his bucket with his other hand , and walks back to his seat in the hall .
This goes on all day long .
The people with the buckets are buying up most of the prime items .
The law of the auction remains intact : “ High bid wins . ”
You attend three more auctions in the next three weeks .
You see the same scenario replayed .
Then , in auction number five , someone with a bucket and a pen approaches you .
He whispers his offer .
You can borrow cash to participate in the auction .
You see what this involves : an increase in debt .
You hesitate .
He says : “ Have you noticed that prices have begun to rise at the auctions you have attended ? ”
You admit that you have .
He continues : “ If you do n’t add to your holdings of cash , do you think you will be able to buy any of the items you want ? ”
You admit that you have been forced to drop out of the bidding in the last two auctions .
He comments : “ With prices rising as they have , what do you think the items you wo n’t buy today will be worth in a year ? ”
A lot more , you estimate .
“ What about five years from now ? ”
It will be even worse .
“ Why not borrow the money on a five - year contract ?
You can get a good rate . ”
But you decide not to do it .
You were warned by your grandparents about consumer debt .
You lose every bid that day .
You then miss every bid for the next month .
You are becoming frantic .
At the next auction , another man with a bucket approaches you .
He presents the same arguments .
Then he adds this .
“ You may have noticed that interest rates on longer - term loans have been rising .
You can lock in today ’s rate for as many years as you want .
But if you do n’t act now , you may be forced to pay more next time . ”
You sign .
Today , you bid successfully on several of the items you want .
Prices do continue to rise .
Interest rates also continue to rise .
At the next auctions , you start signing more contracts .
You start buying items you would not have been interested in two months ago .
In the heat of the bidding , you find that you do n’t abide by your pre-auction limits on the prices you are willing to pay .
You are accumulating a portfolio of items whose prices keep rising .
Then , one evening , you are watching the evening news .
There is a photo of a man wearing a three - piece suit that looks like the suits worn by the men with the buckets .
The anchorman reports that the Chairman of the Federal Reserve System testified before Congress that day that the recent rise of prices at the nation ’s auctions reveals that the specter of inflation has arisen again .
Congressmen questioned him on rising long - term interest rates .
This is hurting the middle class , several Congressmen complained to the Chairman .
The Chairman replied that the problem is irrational exuberance .
Buyers are being caught up in the emotion of the auctions .
It is time for people to understand that no tree grows to the sky forever , that people should save for a rainy day , and that a penny saved is a penny earned .
Then the news switches to the latest antics of a 23 - year - old blonde celebrity who has been arrested again .
Later that night , you watch C - Span , which you began doing when you quit using Lunesta .
You see the entire 90 - minute hearing .
You also see something that was not mentioned by the newscaster .
A Congressman from Texas asked the man in the suit to explain any connection between rising prices at auctions and reports that men with buckets full of currency have been attending auctions .
The man in the suit replied that there was no connection whatsoever .
The men with buckets attend auctions only to maintain price stability , while seeing to it that the auctions do not suffer a meltdown due to unpredictable tight monetary conditions .
You drift off to sleep .
You wake up at 3 a.m. to find that C - span is covering hearings on native American - owned casinos .
You turn off the set and go to bed .
You dream about Sioux warriors on horseback attacking men in three - piece dark blue suits .
You find yourself cheering for the Indians .
BETTER 4 % INFLATION THAN . . . .
“ Buy now , pay later . ”
There are few slogans that better summarize the dominant philosophy of the modern consumer - driven economy .
The popularity of this appeal is inherent in man .
He discounts the future .
He values whatever he owns now more than the same item owned in the future but postponed for now .
What he wants is a way to buy now and pay later . . . or not pay at all .
The wicked borroweth , and payeth not again : but the righteous sheweth mercy , and giveth ( Psalm 37:21 ) .
The more present - oriented he is , the more ready he is to buy now and pay later .
He starts looking for a way to buy now without having to forfeit ownership of something worth as much or more as the item offered for sale .
Before the money economy , a man might take possession of a sheep today in exchange for his promise of delivering a sheep to the lender next year , and a second sheep the year after .
What he hopes for is the birth of two black sheep , which do n’t have a good resale market because of what later became known as the Henry Ford promise : “ You can get it in any color you want , so long as it ’s black . ”
White wool can be dyed a different color .
Black wool can’t .
Its market is smaller .
Fewer people bid for black sheep .
He will repay his debt with black sheep .
Smart lenders of course wrote into their contracts that the sheep to be delivered had to be the same type as the sheep originally loaned .
This made it tough on borrowers .
The modern fractional reserve banking system lets borrowers get back into the black sheep scam .
Anyway , they think they can .
They think they can get something for nothing .
So , they take loans at 5 % per annum so they can buy whatever they want at today ’s low prices .
They are not concerned about a 4 % depreciation of the dollar over the following year .
They can use depreciated dollars to pay off lenders .
So , when the men with the buckets come around , they find takers .
People sign the contracts .
Why would anyone lend money at 5 % when the money returned will be worth 4 % less ?
Answer :
Because they have a government license to print the money they loan .
Paper and ink are cheap .
Better a 5 % return with 4 % inflation than having your license revoked .
Digits are cheaper than paper and ink .
Economists are mostly Keynesians , monetarists , or supply - siders .
All three positions assert that a nation needs a central bank to increase the money supply .
All three deny that a gold - coin standard without fractional reserve banking is a legitimate ideal .
They assure us that the economy needs fiat money to sustain economic growth .
Of course , it does not need too much money .
Too much money is bad for the economy .
It needs a just - right quantity of fiat money .
These people are promoters of gray sheep economics .
Borrowers get to dream of paying off loans with depreciating money .
Lenders ( bankers ) get to lend more money than they otherwise would have : more fiat money to lend .
Private creditors get to believe that the central bank will get inflation under control .
Economists get jobs promoting the system .
Who are the big winners ?
Auctioneers .
Sotheby ’s began in 1804 .
Christie ’s was founded in 1744 .
There is one other big winner in the United States : Crane & Company .
Privately held , it reports to no one outside its offices .
It alone provides the paper for the U.S. currency .
It has ever since 1879 .
Arizona ’s Congressman Jim Kolbe has introduced legislation every year for a decade to open up this market to competing bids .
So far , no law .
The Treasury has refused to tell Congress if any other companies have been allowed to bid .
After all , what does Congress think it is ?
The voice of the People ?
Well then , who do the People think they are ?
WHAT MOTIVATES THE FED ?
The fellows with the buckets full of money have a sweet deal .
But there is a risk : they may not get repaid in an economic downturn .
Also , there is the problem of competition : new counterfeiters .
So , bankers need just enough money to hand out , but no more .
But some bankers cheat .
They print too much money .
This can lead to too much inflation .
Congress might get involved .
That would be very bad .
Congress might revoke some banks ’ license to print money .
This is terrifying to bankers .
Bankers therefore need a cartel to keep the members in line .
This is the primary function of every central bank : the cartelization of fractional reserve banking .
Everything else is subordinate .
There is a continuing complaint among the FED ’s critics that the FED gets rich by creating the money it lends to the government .
It then gets paid interest by the government .
This is true .
It does get paid .
What the critics apparently do not know is that the FED returns two - thirds of this money to the Treasury every year .
In 2005 , it took in a little over $ 30 billion and returned $ 21.5 billion .
The FED is the lender of first choice for the government .
The FED alone returns two - thirds of the interest paid .
Basically , the FED pays Congress $ 20 billion a year to sit there and be quiet , rather like schoolchildren in a tax - funded school .
When a Congressman cross-examines a FED chairman , he does so with the same authority that a fourth grader raises his hand and asks Miss Snook a question about long division , and with about the same knowledge of the subject .
The only time a FED chairman gets asked serious questions is during a recession , and the questions are some variation of the schoolchild ’s “ Can I go to the bathroom ? ”
The FED Chairman answers : “ Yes , you MAY go to the bathroom . ”
The Congressman looks relieved .
There is a lot of fuss about who owns the FED .
This implies that the key to understanding the FED is to follow the money .
It does , indeed , but the critics do not understand that the flow of funds begins with the FED .
It does not end with the FED .
Member banks own the FED ’s shares .
Yes , Congress should be told which banks own the shares of the FED and in what percentage .
But that would not prove anything except this : the owners are private banks .
The key to understanding the FED is understanding that its goal is not merely to expand the money supply .
It is to control the rate of expansion by controlling the banking system as a whole — not too fast , not too slow , but just right .
The FED is owned by private banks to provide a service to the owners of private banks : cartelization .
This keeps bankers from “ cheating ” other bankers by producing too much money , thereby endangering the entire fractional reserve banking system by exposing it to bankrupting bank runs by depositors .
Think of the FED as OPEC .
OPEC wants people to buy and use oil .
The FED wants people to borrow and spend money .
OPEC wants to control the rate of production of oil by legally independent producers .
The FED wants to control the rate of production of fiat money by legally independent producers .
OPEC protects the market for its product from secret discounts by its members .
So does the FED .
CONCLUSION
Price inflation persists because ( 1 ) the FED creates money to buy assets , spending it into circulation ; ( 2 ) the public wants a little inflation .
There is no politically organized constituency for stable money .
The public gets what it wants : depreciating money for repaying debts .
The bankers get what they want : constant income from ever - expanding debt .
The Congress gets what it wants : placated voters .
The FED gets what it wants : a cartel .
There is a price for all this : the absence of 100 % market - created , market - allocated money .
Instead , the world gets a money system based on the decisions of competing bureaucrats , who do not own the money their central banks create .
Power without ownership ; authority without full responsibility : here is a formula for disaster .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 19 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2007 LewRockwell.com
Mr Ayub said the science ban was one of many ' onerous ' restrictions
The Iraqi national , who can only be named as " AE " , was told his studies broke an anti-terrorism control order , said the man 's lawyer .
Mohammed Ayub said the restriction was pointless as any knowledge in a science class was already in the public domain .
The Home Office said it was not prepared to comment on the case .
Neurotoxins
A Home Office spokesman said : " This is subject to an appeal .
Until this is concluded it would be inappropriate to comment any further . "
Mr Ayub said he informed the Home Office as a matter of routine when his client , who is in his early 30s , began the secondary - level courses in biology and chemistry at a college in early September .
Mr Ayub said he did not expect there to be a problem , not only because the information is freely available , but because his client had been a medical student in Iraq and would not be learning anything new .
Mr Ayub said : " You could , in fact , if you are determined , pick this up from a library and in fact even more .
So we think this is a very narrow and blinkered view .
I 'd say that there 's very little in the chemistry course that would help a terrorist act
Colin Osborne , the Royal Society of Chemistry
" Are we going to stop people on control orders going to libraries , or going into WH Smith , or Waterstone's ? "
Mr Ayub said AE fled his country in 2001 and started the course in order to better occupy his time after the control order was imposed in 2006 and it became impossible to work .
Colin Osborne , head of education at the Royal Society of Chemistry , told Nature magazine : " I 'd say that there 's very little in the chemistry course that would help a terrorist act . "
However Mr Osborne said there were selected elements that might be useful for a terrorist , such as the detailed examination of neurotoxins in the human - biology course .
Mr Ayub said the control order included " numerous " restrictions , including a 16 - hour curfew , restrictions on movement , meetings , and use of mobile phones and the internet .
Undisclosed evidence
Mr Ayub said the Home Office had not made it clear exactly what AE was suspected of doing .
He said : " This , dare I say , is the unusual nature of a control order .
They do n't disclose the specifics , but what they will say is that he may have been involved in terrorist activities .
They wo n't disclose any more than that . "
The Home Office spokesman said a control order can be imposed " on anyone the secretary of state has reasonable grounds for suspecting is involved in terrorism or terrorism - related activities .
" And when he or she considers it necessary for the protection of members of the public . "
Control orders were introduced as part of the Prevention of Terrorism Act in 2005 , and there are currently 14 in force .
A ruling on AE 's case is expected in the spring of 2008 .
The claw belonged to a specimen of Jaekelopterus rhenaniae roughly 2.5 metres long according to estimates ( Image : Braddy et al. Biology Letters )
The sturdy giant claw is all that remains of the creature whose softer body parts did not survive the fossilisation process ( Image : Braddy et al. Biology Letters )
The fossilised remains of a giant claw that once belonged to a sea scorpion roughly 2.5 metres long have been found in Germany .
Advertisement
Researchers say the monstrous creature is the largest arthropod ever known – over 30 centimetres bigger than the previous largest specimen of the same species .
Simon Braddy at the University of Bristol , UK , and colleagues examined the 46 - centimetre - long claw , found in a quarry in western Germany , and believe it belonged to a sea scorpion species called Jaekelopterus rhenaniae that roamed the ocean floors some 390 million years ago .
Some palaeontologists believe that J. rhenaniae used its claws to reach out and grab passing animals , such as fish , to eat .
“ They were the top predators at the time , ” says Paul Selden at the University of Kansas in Lawrence , Kansas , US .
Sturdy claws
The claws of these creatures remain long after the rest of their body has disintegrated .
“ The body segments are quite flimsy , ” Braddy explains , but “ the claws are sturdy , so they preserve better in the fossil record . ”
As a result , his team had to extrapolate the size of the sea scorpion that once owned the massive claw .
Experts typically extrapolate the size of sea scorpions based on measurements of the claw and body size of the few specimens that have survived intact .
But Braddy suspects that this simple method might lead to an overestimate of body size .
According to such calculations , the claw his group found would have belonged to a sea scorpion measuring 2.6 metres long .
Braddy prefers a more conservative estimate of just under 2.5 metres .
Size mystery
J. rhenaniae belongs to a category of animals known as arthropods , distinguished by traits such as a segmented body and an exoskeleton , which includes modern species such as spiders and horseshoe crabs .
Although long extinct , some palaeontologists believe J. rhenaniae gave rise to modern - day land scorpions .
Others believe that it represents an evolutionary dead end .
Why the creature reached such huge proportions remains something of a mystery , however .
Elevated levels of oxygen in the atmosphere may have allowed some prehistoric animals to grow very large , but Braddy points out that oxygen levels during the period in question were not elevated much beyond current levels .
A much more likely explanation , he says , is that the sea scorpions needed a competitive advantage over other animals , including other related arthropods .
Journal reference : Biology Letters ( DOI : 10.1098/rsbl.2007.0491 )
Add a Unique Wall Waterfall or Fountain to Your Home or Office
Each room in your home or office has a unique theme and atmosphere .
The look and feel of a room is often dictated by the color of the walls and the type of artwork hanging on the walls .
In an office , you want artwork that is professional , but at home , you may want something more bold and artistic .
Most business offices , however , seem to think that “ professional ” means bland , generic artwork that is boring and makes your office look like any other business office .
And many people do n’t realize there are a lot of alternatives to the standard pictures that hangs on a wall at home .
Want truly unique artwork on the walls of your home or office ?
Want wall art that is calm and relaxing as well as attention - getting and professional ?
Bring life and a unique touch to your home or office with an indoor water fountain from Water Gallery .
How Wall Fountains Work
Modern wall fountains use a simple re-circulating system to create beautiful and relaxing effects .
It delivers an endless flow of water as the mechanisms behind the process keep the water moving in a closed - loop system .
Since these fountains are self - contained , they do not require a constant source of water or any kind of special plumbing .
The only water that is lost should be through evaporation , so you can simply replenish the supply as it continues to humidify the air .
They do , however , require a reliable pump and a beautiful design .
The pump remains submersed in the fountain ’s reservoir , unseen and mostly silent while it works ( depending on how deep it is submerged and how much water it is moving ) .
It draws the water in basin into its housing where it is then pushed by a spinning propeller up and out through the outflow fittings .
The pump is also where you can control the flow of the water to achieve different effects and make sure it is n’t splashing or spraying people who may walk by .
Smaller fountains usually only require a 120 - volt pump , which can usually handle anywhere from 70 to 100 gallons an hour .
Anything larger than that and you will need a more powerful pump .
As long as the pump is completely submerged in the water , it should be just fine working for extended hours .
Why Indoor Wall Fountains ?
An indoor wall waterfall can liven up a room as well as enhance its look and feel , making it more professional and relaxing .
At Water Gallery L.L. C. , we have hundreds of luxurious and uniquely designed indoor wall fountains .
These water features have the same interesting and elegant appearance as our larger indoor water fountains and provide the same great ambiance , but with a smaller , compact design .
Our wall fountains are easy to maintain , are professionally installed , and will last many years .
If you ’ve always wanted an indoor waterfall in your office or home , but lacked the space , or you do n’t want a dominant waterfall fixture , these water features may be just what you need .
We guarantee the lowest prices on indoor water wall fountains and strive to provide a great selection .
We also have exclusive instant coupon codes available on most of our products to help you save even more money .
About Water Gallery L.L.C .
Water Gallery LLC is a family owned and operated business that started in 2007 with the goal to provide the highest - quality indoor wall waterfalls at the lowest prices .
We appreciate our customers and provide them with superb , personalized service .
Choose from Hundreds of Options , and Enjoy Tranquility
Water Gallery LLC offers a wide range of sizes and styles to fit your space and budget and current decor .
We also make custom sized wall waterfalls with company logo engravings .
The calming sound and beautiful appearance of flowing water will bring peace and tranquility to your home or office .
Indoor waterfalls also serve as natural humidifiers and help cleanse the air we breathe .
Enhance the look and feel of your business office or home with the addition of an indoor wall fountain today .
Your online order is secure and shipping is free if delivered in the United States .
Impressive Selection of Indoor Wall Waterfalls
No matter the size or décor of your home or office space , you can find something to fit it in Water Gallery ’s large selection of wall fountains .
We strive to maintain the selection of wall hanging fountains on the Internet , so there is something for anyone .
Water Gallery LLC offers an exclusive line of hand - crafted indoor wall fountains .
Choose from our elegant collection of slate wall fountains , pebble wall fountains and glass wall fountains .
Our dynamic selection is meticulously designed from nature ’s finest materials including Italian copper , natural slate and river stone .
Browse our inventory of stunning stone wall fountains and transform your home or office into a relaxing and peaceful environment .
If you do n’t know where to start , do n’t hesitate to get in touch with our experienced and dedicated team .
They can help you choose the right indoor wall water features based on your budget and space .
At Water Gallery LLC , we understand the difference our wall water fountains have on our customers ’ businesses , which is why we put immaculate care into the production and customization of each unit we build .
The quality of our products also makes them durable and long - lasting .
We also guarantee the lowest prices for top-quality products .
After all , why should you pay more than you have to in order to enhance your home or office ?
You can rest assured that we never use any cheap products in our wall water fixtures to cut costs .
With over 30 years of experience in the industry , we are the proven leader for top quality indoor and outdoor water features
Classic and Premium Slate Designs
Our classic slate and light - weight slate wall fountains are available in several sizes , colors and frames .
Choose from a variety of classic fountains ranging from the 30 - pound Mini Spirit Falls wall fountain to the massive Deep Creek Falls classic slate wall fountain that is over 7 feet across and weighs 790 pounds .
All our classic slate indoor waterfalls come with lighting and most come with the option for custom logo engraving .
Our premium slate wall fountains are the Sunrise Springs and the Nojoqui Falls .
Both of these large and elegant wall fountains offer the beauty and sound of natural stone and flowing water .
Choose from our collection of stone and slate wall fountains and bring a warm and peaceful atmosphere into your home or office .
At Water Gallery , all our popular and dramatic art wall fountains are constructed entirely by hand and the artist takes great pride in designing a unique , one - of - a - kind water fountain for each customer .
Custom logos are available on all glass wall fountains and wall fountains include lighting .
Call us today to discuss our various options and ask about our savings and discounts of up to 40 % off online listed prices .
Our representatives can be reached at 866-518-6849 or via email at indoorfountains@gmail.com .
We usually reply within 12 - 24 hours .
Doctor claims Vatican euthanized Pope John Paul II
An Italian medical doctor is claiming that Pope John Paul II was ' essentially euthanized ' by the Catholic church , due to late insertion of his feeding tube during his hospitalization .
CBS
News reports that " Dr. Lina Pavanelli , head of anesthesiology and intensive care at the University of Ferrara said she based her conclusions on media coverage and a book by the Pope 's personal physician . "
" The pope had been suffering from Parkinson 's disease , which in its later stages can cause an inability to swallow , " the article continues .
" After reviewing the coverage , Pavanelli concluded a feeding tube was not inserted until three days before the pope died  a delay that accelerated the pope 's demise .
Pope John Paul II had been suffering from Parkinson 's disease , which in its later stages can cause an inability to swallow . "
" I 'm surprised that I myself failed to critically examine the information , " Pavanelli wrote .
" I let my perceptions conform to the hope of recovery and the official version , without confronting the clinical signs that I was seeing . "
FULL CBS STORY CAN BE READ AT THIS LINK
The following video is from CBS 's Early Show , broadcast on September 26 .
Ouch , that was fast .
Apple did n't seem to want to let it get around that they 've taken a completely neutral stance on 3rd party application development for the iPhone , and apparently got back with Gearlog to clarify that future iPhone " software updates will most likely break " 3rd party app compatibility .
Not ignore , not possibly break -- most likely break .
In other words , do n't set your hopes too high that the NES games you 're enjoying on your iPhone today will be around tomorrow , since it sounds like Apple wo n't be playing Switzerland after all .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In the spacious living room of his Minneapolis town house , Al Franken is trying to explain why he ’s stopping himself from telling me a joke .
For the last 18 months , he ’s gone to every spaghetti dinner , bean feed , and burger bash he could find , many in small conservative towns , to campaign for Minnesota Democrats , road test his new senatorial act , and raise more than $ 1 million for candidates nationwide .
It ’s an early , aggressive strategy , but the jokes — the jokes are all anyone wants to talk about .
When Franken delivered a long speech explaining his motivation to run , the press picked apart the one - liners .
When a poll showed him doing well against the incumbent Republican , Norm Coleman , the state gop pointed to Franken ’s history of off - color jokes ( many about the president ’s codpiece in the “ Mission Accomplished ” photo op ) .
“ I was discussing this with [ fellow comedian Robert ] Smigel , ” Franken says .
“ What Robert says is , ‘ Any other candidate who made jokes of this quality would be lauded .
But with you , it ’s sort of like they want people to come away saying , God , he was great !
I did n’t laugh . ' ”
He cracks up .
Then , switching back to candidate mode , he goes on , “ That ’s why I started early — because I want to get that out of the way . ”
The head start offers other advantages as well , like a sense of which jokes are too blue , and how to best smooth over Franken ’s notoriously prickly personality .
The jokes , for now , can stay , so long as the edgy awkwardness that fuels so many comedians ’ humor does n’t come off as imperiousness .
Because that does n’t play well in Minnesota , as Franken , who grew up there , undoubtedly knows .
But what does ?
Jesse Ventura ’s 1998 gubernatorial victory as an independent is only the best - known indicator of Minnesota ’s political volatility .
Once reliably blue , the state swung right in the 1990s as conservative exurbanites began to outvote the union - dominated mining regions of the North .
In 2002 , after Democrats were maligned for turning a memorial service for beloved Senator Paul Wellstone into an overcharged political rally , Coleman was elected to the Senate , and the gop took control of the state House of Representatives by a wide margin .
But recently , Minnesota Democrats , known as the Democratic - Farmer - Labor Party , or dfl , have been on the rebound .
Now the political locus is in the southern part of the state , the kind of once solidly conservative , now war - weary region that helped hand Congress to the Democrats .
In 2006 the 1st Congressional District , which had been represented by a conservative Republican for 12 years , elected a Democratic Iraq veteran .
Franken spends a lot of time in the 1st .
One spring afternoon , he stands before some 50 retirees gathered at a coffee shop in the town of St. James ( pop. 4,416 ) .
“ Is there something you ’d like me to know ? ” he begins .
“ Something I probably would n’t know about ? ” A woman brings up the community ’s changing makeup ; manufacturing plants have brought an influx of Hispanics .
Franken cuts to the quick .
“ Is it a strain ?
Is it a good thing ? ”
“ It ’s good for children to grow up in a multicultural community .
But it makes things … ”
She pauses .
“ Interesting . ”
Franken pushes , calmly .
“ Is ‘ interesting ’ a euphemism for something else ? ”
It ’s an unusual tack for a candidate to take , confronting a voter on a sensitive issue , and the woman is nonplussed .
“ It ’s not a strain , just a challenge , ” she says , casting an exasperated glance around the room .
“ Somebody help me out here . ”
A couple people jump in , but Franken quickly takes over .
He eases into a discussion of immigration policy , dipping a tea bag into a mug as he chats .
He laughs .
He jokes .
It ’s clear he ’s done his homework .
The tension dissipates .
When he gets to the war , Franken explains he does n’t support an immediate pullout — ” it would be a bloodbath ” — but he notes his support for withdrawal timetables and , by the way , his four uso trips to Iraq .
( He chronicled one in Mother Jones in 2004 . )
This is met with applause .
Then Franken begins laying out specific benchmarks for the Iraqis .
If he ’s trying to prove his wonk credentials , it comes at the cost of the moment .
People ’s eyes glaze over .
Still , afterward , it ’s clear the crowd has forgiven any rhetorical awkwardness — most are delighted Franken showed up at all .
“ I ’m impressed that he would come to a community the size of St. James this early in the campaign , ” says Teresa Holmquist , who works for the federal Farm Service Agency .
Her father chimes in , “ He ’s doing the right thing .
He needs to talk to the little people , find out what our problems are . ”
Franken ’s incessant campaigning in towns like St. James is a smart strategy for a political neophyte blessed with celebrity cachet ; it ’s enabled him to introduce himself to local voters and to pile up IOUs with party honchos .
It ’s also a necessity given the state ’s peculiar nomination system : Democrats choose their nominees in Iowa - like caucuses in March .
Franken ’s main rival is Mike Ciresi , a longtime state party fixture and one of the nation ’s most successful trial lawyers — he won a massive tobacco settlement in the 1990s .
The case netted Minnesota $ 6.6 billion and Ciresi unspecified millions , $ 101,610 of which he and his wife have donated to Democrats and related organizations since 2002 .
But Franken now holds a few chits too :
His Midwest Values pac handed out more than $ 260,000 to candidates in Minnesota and nationwide in the 2006 cycle , and Franken and his wife have personally donated around $ 70,000 since 2004 .
“ Al Franken has been doing everything right , ” says former state party spokesman Nick Kimball .
“ He has built a lot of good will . ”
That good will is on display at a party fundraiser in Fulda ( pop. 1,256 ) , where most of the several hundred attendees are old hands in local politics and the adoration is palpable .
Everyone , including Ciresi , speaks in front of two “ Al Franken for Senate ” signs the campaign has put up — Franken ’s organization , with nine full - time staffers , a handful of consultants , and a substantial cadre of volunteers , is perhaps the most fully developed campaign of any Senate challenger in the country .
Yet Franken never quite finds his rhythm in Fulda .
Engaging in person and relaxed in the coffee - shop setting , in front of this larger crowd he seems to need a TV camera or radio mike to focus him .
But then , you ca n’t measure Franken by traditional stump - speech standards .
Short and stocky , with massive tortoiseshell glasses and an artless fashion sense , he appeals not by being senatorial ; when he stumbles over his own words as he works up a lather about George W. Bush , he ’s the opposite of a classic politician .
But just as with his friend Paul Wellstone , that seems to be one of his main assets .
“ Al Franken does n’t just say things to be saying them .
I could never see Al Franken not standing by his words of today , ” says Katherine Speer , a dfl county chair .
“ I do n’t think it ’s in the man ’s makeup . ”
The same is not often said about Norm Coleman .
In 1996 , the then - St. Paul mayor , “ lifelong Democrat , ” and former anti-Vietnam War student activist — who once urged classmates to vote for him because “ these conservative kids do n’t fuck or get high like we do ” — switched parties in a bid for the governor ’s seat , only to get beat by Ventura .
In 2002 , Bush recruited Coleman to run against Wellstone , for whom he ’d once served as campaign chair .
Senator Coleman voted with the White House 98 percent of the time and supported the Iraq War , but as Bush ’s popularity waned , he began attacking the White House .
And so Franken has an opportunity — so long as his well - organized and deep - pocketed campaign does n’t become a punch line .
“ I do n’t think it ’s going to be a problem , ” Franken said when we first spoke at his house .
His smile faded .
“ I think Minnesotans can figure out that I ’ve been a satirist and not just … ”
He paused , struggling to make a safe joke .
“ I ’ve had a different career arc than , say … Carrot Top , ” he said , finally bursting into laughter .
For the first time , a CSIRO radio telescope has been linked to others in China and Europe in real - time , demonstrating the power of high - speed global networks and effectively creating a telescope almost as big as the Earth .
A CSIRO telescope near Coonabarabran NSW was recently used simultaneously with one near Shanghai , China , and five in Europe to observe a distant galaxy called 3C273 .
“ This is the first time we ’ve been able to instantaneously connect telescopes half a world apart , ” Dr Tasso Tzioumis , VLBI operations and development manager at CSIRO ’s Australia Telescope National Facility said .
“ It ’s a fantastic technical achievement , and a tribute to the ability of the network providers to work together . ”
Data from the telescopes was streamed around the world at a rate of 256 Mb per second - about ten times faster than the fastest broadband speeds available to Australian households - to a research centre in Europe , where it was processed with a special - purpose digital processor .
The results were then transmitted to Xi’an , China , where they were watched live by experts in advanced networking at the 24th APAN ( Asia - Pacific Advanced Network ) Meeting .
advertisement
From Australia to Europe , the CSIRO data travelled on a dedicated 1 Gb per second link set up by the Australian , Canadian and Dutch national research and education networks , AARNet , CANARIE and SURFnet respectively .
“ The diameter of the Earth is 12 750 km and the two most widely separated telescopes in our experiment were 12 304 km apart , in a straight line , ”
Dr Tzioumis said .
Within Australia , the experiment used the 1
Gb per second networks that now connect CSIRO ’s NSW observatories to Sydney and beyond .
The links , installed in 2006 , were funded by CSIRO and provided by AARNet ( the Australian Academic Research Network ) .
The telescope - linking technique , VLBI ( very long baseline interferometry ) used to take weeks or months .
“ We used to record data on tapes or disks at each telescope , along with time signals from atomic clocks .
The tapes or disks would then be shipped to a central processing facility to be combined , ” Dr Tzioumis said
“ The more widely separated the telescopes , the more finely detailed the observations can be .
The diameter of the Earth is 12 750 km and the two most widely separated telescopes in our experiment were 12 304 km apart , in a straight line , ” Dr Tzioumis said .
The institutions that took part in the experiment are all collaborators in the EXPReS project ( Express Production Real - time e-VLBI Service ) , which is coordinated by the Joint Institute for VLBI in Europe ( JIVE ) in The Netherlands .
On Wednesday August 15 , I was standing alone with my sign for about 10 minutes , when I was approached by Police Officer Russell Crisp .
He asked me how long I was planning to stay there and I told him just a few more minutes because I had to go to work at 8:00 .
He asked for my ID and I obliged .
I asked him if I was doing something wrong , and he said that his Sergeant was on the way and he was going to wait for him .
SO , I went back to my sign holding over the interstate .
A few minutes later Sergeant Randy Riddle showed up with a paper in his hand .
He spoke briefly to Crisp , then walked over to me and told me to put down my sign , put my hands behind my back , and that I was under arrest !
I was shocked and almost thought he was joking until he told me again to put down the sign and put my hands behind me and I was under arrest .
So I peacefully agreed and he cuffed me .
I asked him why I was being arrested , he told me I was in violation County Ordinance 16 - 2 , ( the print out in his hand that he did n't bother to read to me or show me . )
He told me I was obstructing the sidewalk .
I told him I was not and that officer Crisp had witnessed a guy walk by me moments before .
Riddle yelled at me , " You were obstructing the sidewalk ! " and " I 'm sick of this shit ! " then he said , " Here 's your 15 minutes of fame buddy ! "
I looked back to see his name plate and he said in a mean condescending tone , " Yea , that 's ' Sergeant Riddle ' get it right ! "
He then put me in Officer Crisp 's police car .
Riddle took my sign with him and I was taken downtown and booked by Crisp .
I was never read my Miranda rights .
Since then , the cops , realizing there 's no way their initial charge of " blocking the sidewalk " would hold up , have decided to change the charges to something yet to be determined .
OK , so this is the deal ...
We 've obviously got two wingnut cops that do not believe in " equal protection under the law " , free expression , the First Amendment or our sacred Constitution .
They have no business being in positions of authority in their current state ( I 'm a believer in rehab and counseling - I think it 's fine for Bush cultists to be cops , I just do n't want them applying their own law to the rest of us .
Get them training , psychiatric evaluations , determine whether they are capable of being neutral arbiters of the law , and , if they are , let them keep their jobs ) .
That said , the fact that at the Police Headquarters decisions are being made that will provide the state a means to prosecute an innocent man ...
Well , that 's simply too much .
That demonstrates that this is n't two rogue cops with degenerate ideas about what it means to " Protect and Serve " ...
Nay .
This is the entire force ...
The rot begins at the top .
So this calls for people of good will to take a stand .
This is the beginning of my effort to organize a trip to Asheville , NC .
Sometime next week I 'm hoping that some friends and I will find ourselves standing on the very same bridge with the very same message for passing motorists .
That 's why I 'm writing this diary .
I need the friends ;-)
If you live in or near Asheville , are willing to place yourself in jeopardy of arrest and would like to be a part of this , please email me at stark dot m at gma*l dot com .
If you live in Virginia or Tennessee between Charlottesville and Asheville and you 'd like me to pick you up on the way there , email me .
This is our country , but it looks like we 're gonna hafta fight to keep it .
Please help .
Posted on by Ed Yong
It seems almost fashionable now to blame everything on climate change , but the most unusual claim yet is that it could lead to sex- changing lizards .
For humans and other mammals , sex is neatly determined by the X and Y chromosomes .
If you have a Y you are male , and without it you are female .
Reptiles however , use a variety of strategies , and the mammalian X/Y system is just one of them .
In some species , the female is the one with different chromosomes , in this case Z and W , and the male has two Zs .
And some reptiles ignore sex chromosomes altogether .
For them , an individual ’s sex is determined by the temperature that their eggs were incubated at .
Scientists had long believed that these strategies were mutually exclusive with each species choosing one of the other .
But Alexander Quinn and colleagues form the University of Canberra have found that an Australian lizard , the central bearded dragon ( Pogona vitticeps ) flouts this rule .
It has become the first animal known to use two separate methods to determine the sex of individuals .
The dragon uses the Z/W system , where the males carry two Z chromosomes and the females have a Z and a W .
But Quinn found that these genes are only the dominant influence on gender if eggs are incubated between 20 and 32 degrees Celsius .
At higher temperatures , males ignore their genetic heritage and become females instead .
When Quinn incubated broods of eggs between 34 and 37 degrees Celsius , the hatchlings were almost invariably female .
And as predicted , about half of these sisters were genetically male .
For dragons at least , when the heat is on , the men turn into women
Quinn believes that the key to the manliness of boy dragons lies in a temperature - sensitive protein produced by the Z chromosome .
The protein ’s activity needs to surpass a certain threshold before a dragon can become male .
For that , there need to be two copies of Z , and the temperature must be just right .
Reptiles that use temperature to assign gender must have fine - tuned their systems over time to cope with an ever - changing environment .
But Quinn fears that the current pace of climate change may be too rapid for these animals to adapt to .
If temperatures rise far enough to bias an entire species over to a single gender , extinction would be all but inevitable .
These warnings have been sounded before , and Quinn ’s work suggests that they should be shouted a little bit louder .
More about animal sex and reproduction :
Virgin birth by Komodo dragons
Butterflies evolve resistance to male - killing bacteria in record time
Chimerism , or How a marmoset ’s sperm is really his brother ’s
Aphids get superpowers through sex
More on the effects of climate change :
Icebergs are hotspots for life
Climate change responsible for decline of Costa Rican amphibians and reptiles
Hope for corals – swapping algae improves tolerance to global warming
Corals survive acid oceans by switching to soft - bodied mode
Reference : Quinn , Georges , Sarre , Guarino , Ezaz & Graves .
2007 .
Temperature sex reversal implies sex gene dosage in a reptile .
Science 316 : 411 .
Technorati Tags : bearded dragon , sex determination , temperature sex , temperature lizards , science
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Animal kingdom , Climate change , Environment , Genetics , Reptiles & amphibians , Sex |
Here I show you how to fold a Guy Fawkes mask , like the one worn by V in " V for Vendetta " .
You will need 2 things :
1 ) A square of paper , black on one side , white on the other
2) Intermediate origami skill .
I wo n't be covering that here .
I recommend Stephen O'Hanlon 's online primer : http://www.fishgoth.com/origami/basics1.html
I apologize for the crude hand - drawn figures .
Since I vowed to submit the design while it was still in vogue , I needed to work at such a velocity that the validity of the proportions of this handmade " vector art " and the veracity of its virtual scale are vague .
Video :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwyIDogYaqI
( Part 1 )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KK_gQW5r73s ( Part 2 )
larger pics of the diagrams can be found at
http://chosetec.darkclan.net/origami/diagrams/vendetta
more of my origami can be found at
http://chosetec.darkclan.net/origami/
With that said , let 's begin !
Reuters
OSCILLATING between military takeover and civilian disarray , Pakistan often seems consigned to a classical form of governmental perdition .
Yet the coup that General Pervez Musharraf , the country 's president , launched on Saturday November 3rd , was in fact something new .
His first coup , in 1999 , was designed to restore order after civilian misrule .
Now General Musharraf wants to shore up his own unpopular , and perhaps illegal , government .
He has suspended the constitution — a step the government has inaccurately described as constituting a state of emergency — and sacked most of the Supreme Court 's judges .
This includes the chief justice , Iftikhar Chaudhry , a champion of swelling opposition to the general .
The courthouse in Islamabad is now sealed off by barbed wire and armed police .
Private television news channels , foreign and Pakistani , have been hauled off - air .
On November 4th the prime minister , Shaukat Aziz , suggested that a general election due in January could be postponed for a year though the next day he insisted that it would go ahead as planned in mid-January .
Over 500 lawyers , opposition politicians and human rights activists have been arrested .
They include Asma Jahangir , boss of the country 's human - rights commission and a former UN special rapporteur .
In an e-mail from house arrest , where she has been placed for 90 days , Ms Jahangir regretted that General Musharraf had “ lost his marbles ” .
General Musharraf 's view , expressed in a midnight televised address , is that his intervention is required to prevent instability : “ I can not allow this country to commit suicide . ”
He identified two urgent challenges : combating Islamist militancy , which is fuelling a small , but disastrous , war in north - western Pakistan ; and his urge to “ preserve the democratic transition that I initiated eight years back ” .
The second motive , properly understood , seems to be uppermost in the general 's mind .
The Supreme Court 's judges had been due to rule on the legality of his recent re-election as president .
In a poll boycotted by most opposition parties , he was restored to office in military uniform , though the constitution seems to forbid it , by the same rigged assembly that had already elected him once .
Rumours last week suggested that , in a surprising turnaround , the judges were minded to conclude that this was illegal .
Around a dozen of the court 's 17 judges , including Mr Chaudhry , condemned the coup as an illegal act , and have been sacked .
Five approved it , including Abdul Hamid Doger , an artful ally of the general , who has been rewarded with the job of chief justice .
General Musharraf will now hope to restock the court with loyalists .
Once that is done , he may indeed restore the constitution .
General Musharraf is right that Pakistan faces serious instability .
But in a country itching for democracy and increasingly resentful of his autocratic and pro-America stance , he is partly to blame .
Early this year , after the general tried thuggishly to sack Mr Chaudhry , tens of thousands of protesters rallied against him .
Last month , in a more ambiguous challenge to the general , 200,000 supporters of Benazir Bhutto , leader of the opposition Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) , rallied in Karachi to welcome her back from eight years in exile .
General Musharraf 's campaign in the north - western tribal areas , an American - ordained policy that has come to symbolise his rule to many Pakistanis , is meanwhile threatened with disaster .
The army is demoralised and increasingly suffering defeat at the hands of local zealots .
In recent weeks , several hundred troops have surrendered ; on November 5th 200 of these were reported to have been released by the militants in exchange for some 25 militants freed by the government .
In his address to the nation , General Musarraf admitted that : “ the extremists do n't fear law enforcement agencies . ”
Yet America , and the general 's other western allies , have frowned on his intervention .
Condoleezza Rice , America 's secretary of state , urged General Musharraf to hold the election as planned .
She also hinted that American aid to his government — which has amounted to over $ 10 billion since 2001 — might be cut .
Ms Bhutto's response is also likely to be crucial .
She had been negotiating with General Musharraf to share power : indeed , her return from self - imposed exile , after General Musharraf issued her with an amnesty from corruption charges , was the sign of a tentative accommodation .
In similar fashion , few PPP members have been arrested in the recent crackdown .
General Musharraf may hope that Ms Bhutto and her party will offer him support .
Ms Bhutto's dalliance with the general has cost her popularity — even within her fanatically loyal party .
Failing to oppose his coup wholeheartedly would be a further blow to her credibility .
Which way will she go ?
So far , Ms Bhutto has roundly condemned the emergency as martial law by another name .
But she has not yet rallied her followers against it .
Relativity visualized Space Time Travel
Riding along the Marktgasse
So , how does the finite speed of light cause these surprising optical impressions ?
To study this question systematically , we will look at the same scene at increasing velocities that step by step approach the “ Tübingen speed of light ” of 30 km/h .
Our starting position is in the alley " Marktgasse " off the market place .
The picture in figure 5 a shows our view while standing beside the pub " Alte Kunst " and looking in the direction of the city museum that is visible at the end of the road .
We then mount the bike and make several round trips through the city centre .
On every round we drive past our point of departure in the " Marktgasse " , each time with a higher velocity , taking a snapshot whenever we pass the exact spot where the picture of figure 5a was taken .
The camera is always looking ahead in the direction of motion .
These snapshots are shown in figures 5 b to 5d :
The higher our velocity the farther away the city museum appears to be .
Whenever we take a snapshot , the pub " Alte Kunst " is just next to us on the right hand side .
In the pictures , however , we see it farther and farther in front of us .
When driving at 80 % of the speed of light , we can see the house next to the pub with its archway .
This house was outside our field of view while we were standing still at the same location .
At 95 % of the speed of light we also see the window and the door next to the archway ...
... and at 99 % of the speed of light yet another house .
The " Alte Kunst " is now barely visible in the distance .
Also , at increasing velocity we see the houses noticeably distorted .
All four snapshots have been taken at the exact same position .
Light rays are reaching the camera at this position ; they are the same light rays , regardless of whether the camera is moving or not .
So , why do n't the snapshots all show the same image ?
The reason for this is the phenomenon of aberration :
The direction that an observer ascribes to a light ray ( or to any motion ) depends on the observer 's state of motion .
Using a pinhole camera one can easily understand that aberration must occur if light propagates with a finite velocity .
For the sake of the argument we imagine that we take the snapshots in the Marktgasse with a pinhole camera ( figure 6 ) .
The picture in a moving pinhole camera is different from that in a pinhole camera at rest ( at the same position ) for two reasons ( figure 7 ) :
The moving pinhole camera is contracted in the direction of motion by the Lorentz factor ( where v is the velocity of the camera ) .
For everyday velocities the Lorentz factor is virtually equal to one :
At , for example , its value is ( ) .
At 90 % of the speed of light , though , the pinhole camera is contracted to 44 % of its rest length .
The shorter distance between the pinhole and the image plane means that the image of a given object is smaller .
Light needs a certain amount of time to travel from the pinhole to the image plane .
During this time , the camera continues to move .
Figure 7 illustrates that the motion of the camera further shortens the distance that light has to travel to the image plane .
It therefore further reduces the size of the image .
A smaller image means that the objects appear to be farther away .
This explains why the city museum at the end of the street appears to be farther and farther away when the velocity increases .
The second item above also explains the apparent distortions .
It can be more or less effective , depending on the direction of a light ray .
A light ray which is more strongly oblique upon entering the camera needs a longer time to reach the image plane -- the camera motion then has a greater effect and the point of arrival is shifted farther toward the image centre .
E. g. , the vertical edge of a house appears as a straight line when imaged by a stationary camera .
But when the camera is moving , the line is curved :
The outer points are superproportionally shifted towards the image centre .
We now switch to the rest frame of the moving camera .
Given the arrival point of a light ray , we can infer its angle of incidence ( figure 8 ) .
We find that a given ray is closer to the optical axis in the rest frame of the moving camera than it would be in the stationary camera .
This phenomenon is called aberration .
Of course , the relation between the different directions ascribed to the same light ray is inpedendent of the optical instrument .
The same effects arise if we , e. g. , observe with the naked eye instead of using a pinhole camera .
The four snapshots of the Marktgasse have all been taken at the same position , next to the Alte Kunst .
When our velocity is high , we can see the adjacent buildings , which are located to the side or even behind us .
How does light from these buildings enter the camera that is continually looking to the front ?
Figure 9 shows that a moving pinhole camera can in fact look backwards .
The faster the camera is , the farther it can look to the back .
An animation of this drawing can be found on the web ( [ 8 ] , see below figure 9 ) .
At this point , let us come back to our first example for a moment .
When the slow biker passes the houses on the market place of Tübingen and looks to the side , she sees the front walls with the gables ( figure 2 ) .
To the fast biker , when looking sideways , these houses appear distorted and rotated ( figure 4 ) ; the front walls with the gables are visible and also the side wall of the last house in the row .
Why is it that the fast biker can see this side wall and the slow biker cannot ?
The answer is that we are here comparing two images that show the same houses and to make this possible , the slow and the fast biker must be at different places .
At the instant when the fast biker , looking sideways , sees these houses , she has already passed them by .
The houses are behind her back and the side wall of the last house in the row is looking her way .
All the same , these houses are within her field of view and this , again , is the consequence of aberration .
Contact : Would you like to send us a message ?
Soledad Aviles dreamed for years of owning a home , with a plot of land where he could grow corn and chiles as he did in his native Mexico .
So he felt blessed last year when he learned he could buy a three - bedroom , single - story stucco house on West La Verne Avenue in Santa Ana .
Referred to a local loan broker by a trusted friend , he borrowed the entire purchase price of $ 615,000 from Washington Mutual at a high interest rate typical of sub - prime loans .
The monthly payment , as he says he understood it , would be $ 3,600 -- steep for a glass cutter who made $ 9 an hour -- but Aviles counted on his wife and three of his six daughters , who also worked low - paying jobs , to contribute .
“ We took out our pencils , figured out our take - home pay and figured out that if we all pitched in , it would work , ” said Aviles , 54 , a stoop - shouldered , soft - spoken man with a sixth - grade education from Mexico .
Relying on the broker ’s word , he signed loan documents written in English , a language he neither speaks nor reads , Aviles said .
He was shocked to learn afterward that the monthly payment would not be $ 3,600 , but $ 4,800 -- a price that forced him to rent out bedrooms , the garage and an enclosed porch while he and his wife slept on the couch .
He fed his family with food from friends and corn he grew .
Advertisement
Aviles says he was not aware that the February 2006 loan application he signed dramatically exaggerated his family ’s income .
The application lists him as the owner of a landscaping business with a $ 7,400 monthly income .
His 27 - year - old daughter Marlene , who earns $ 9 an hour in a noodle factory , appears as the owner of a housecleaning company who makes $ 5,700 a month .
The application lists their yearly income as $ 157,000 , when , according to Aviles , it was really closer to $ 60,000 .
Now , five months behind on his payments , Aviles is scrambling to sell the house before the bank forecloses .
Desperately ill from kidney disease and unable to work for the last year , he sits dejectedly at the dining room table , wondering when the bank will kick him out .
Aviles ’ situation is hardly unique .
Add his name to the ever - expanding list of casualties in the nationwide sub - prime mortgage debacle , his experience echoing that of thousands who bought homes in recent years only to find themselves in a sagging market saddled with payments they cannot make .
But amid the storm of foreclosures , his story illustrates the special vulnerabilities of first - generation immigrants in places like predominantly Latino Santa Ana , where city leaders have identified about 800 sub - prime borrowers facing the potential loss of their homes .
Advertisement
“ We think this is just the tip of the iceberg , in terms of the breadth and depth , ” said Steve Harding , Santa Ana ’s deputy city manager .
Apart from the language barrier , he said , many first - generation immigrants might have been especially vulnerable to sub - prime lending because they avoided checking accounts and credit cards , which prevented them from qualifying for regular loans .
The city has teamed with the Fair Housing Council of Orange County to offer free foreclosure prevention workshops , hoping to teach people to avoid predatory lenders and find help as they face the loss of their homes .
The Fair Housing Council said the number of people seeking help over mortgage woes , many of them Latinos living in Anaheim and Santa Ana , has soared .
The group typically receives 15 to 20 complaints annually , but in September of this year the group received more than 20 .
The state Department of Real Estate , nonprofits and the Mexican consulate also have reported a rise in mortgage complaints , many of them from homeowners saying they signed documents they did n’t understand .
Across the state , many cases are landing in court .
Kerstin Arusha , a directing attorney at the nonprofit Law Foundation of Silicon Valley , said that Spanish speakers , along with the elderly , “ seem to be hardest hit by both sub - prime lending and predatory lending .
There are many borrowers out there that were misled about the terms of the loan . ”
Advertisement
The Law Foundation is suing a broker , real estate agent and lender in federal court on behalf of nine Santa Clara County families , many of whom speak only Spanish , contending they were lured into mortgages they did n’t understand .
The lawsuit alleges that the broker inflated incomes on loan applications , misrepresented the terms of the loans and stuck clients with higher payments than they had been promised .
The victims “ thought they saw the promise of the American Dream , and instead they ended up with a nightmare , ” Arusha said .
“ I think they were seen as easy targets for predatory lenders who could sell them a bill of goods without giving them disclosures in a language they understand . ”
The Law Foundation is handling 10 other cases involving predatory lending , half of them for Latino clients , Arusha said .
But in Orange County , the district attorney ’s office has not reported an increase in prosecutions for fraudulent lending .
Elizabeth Henderson , a prosecutor in the county ’s fraud unit , said many such crimes go unreported in immigrant communities because of a distrust of law enforcement and confusion over what had occurred .
Advertisement
“ They ’re not really sure what they were promised , so they do n’t know if they were cheated , ” she said .
Sitting in his Santa Ana home , waiting for the bank to kick him out or for his kidney to kill him , Aviles did not hesitate to characterize what had happened to him :
“ They used me , nothing more . ”
He was led astray , he said , by a man he had considered a dear friend , Carlos Lares .
They used to work in a factory together .
He said Lares showed him about a dozen homes , including the one he bought , and offered to arrange a mortgage .
State records show Lares lacks the real estate license required to show homes .
In an interview with The Times , Lares denied showing homes and said he merely took Aviles to the office where he works , Century 21 South Coast .
He declined to comment further .
His business card lists him as a “ team service associate . ”
Advertisement
Aviles ’ loan paperwork was processed at the South Bristol Street offices of Century 21 South Coast and Su Casa Mortgage , an affiliated mortgage broker .
Agent Saul Velazquez said he co-owns both companies with his cousin , Carlos Velazquez .
They declined to discuss the Aviles case specifically , citing client confidentiality .
“ We explain things .
. . .
If clients do n’t understand , how can we go back and fix that ? ” Carlos Velazquez said .
Problems like Aviles ’ are “ happening everywhere .
People , when they get in situations , make up stories , ” he said .
Saul Velazquez said his employees are bilingual and translate mortgage terms into Spanish for clients before they sign .
Advertisement
“ We only put on any application what the clients tell us , ” he said .
“ That ’s why everything is translated into Spanish . ”
Velazquez said it was unfair to blame Realtors for factors beyond their control , such as illness or divorce , that cut into a borrower ’s income , or for the drop in housing prices .
“ The Realtors are not the bad guys , ” he said .
“ This is something that happens in the market . ”
Aviles took out two loans , one for $ 492,000 at 8.5 % interest and another for $ 123,000 at 11.1 % interest .
But he and his family struggled to meet the payments , even after the house was crammed with renters .
It is unclear how long Aviles otherwise could have made the payments , but a confluence of factors made it impossible .
His illness forced him to quit work , and the tanking housing market prevented him from refinancing the loan on better terms .
Advertisement
Realtor Sylvia Prata is now trying to help the family sell their home .
She expects it will be a “ short sale ” with the house selling for less than the original $ 615,000 purchase price , with the lender weathering the loss .
“ When I met Soledad , he was sitting with his head so low it was almost to his knees , ” Prata said .
“ It ’s like a tidal wave hitting them . ”
Even after what Aviles has been through , Prata said that when he signed the documents to sell his house , she had to remind him to read them first .
jennifer.delson@latimes.com
Advertisement
christopher.goffard@latimes.com
Editorial assistant Nardine Saad contributed to this story .
THE rich world generously subsidises its farmers .
Between 2004 and 2006 , OECD countries spent an average of $ 280 billion annually propping up agriculture — 29 % of the value of farm receipts .
Farmers in Norway and Iceland receive the highest subsidies at 66 % of receipts ; New Zealanders receive a tiny 1 % .
However support for farmers is on the wane .
Only Turkey hands out more than it did in the late 1980s .
AFP
Researchers studied a 4,400 - year - old ear of corn to find that Mexican farmers , even then , were already making big changes to corn 's genetics .
An ancient ear of corn shows that farmers made drastic genetic modifications to corn at least 4,400 years ago .
Early corn farmers in Mexico manipulated corn 's genetic makeup through selective breeding , effectively changing a grassy weed with seeds that could not be chewed into something edible – and they did it quickly , not over many generations , the researchers say .
Researchers in Germany and the United States identified the genetic modifications by extracting DNA from 4,400 - year - old ears of corn .
The study results appear to bolster the argument that genetically modified crops are not dangerous because farmers have been creating them for thousands of years .
And plant biologists say the changes biotech companies are making in plants today are actually much smaller than those discovered in the new study published in the Nov. 14 issue of Science .
" Changes being made today are probably much smaller than the ones that changed a wild grass with very hard seeds to one that is edible and useful for people , " said Nina Fedroff , a plant biologist at Penn State University , who wrote a perspective that accompanied the Science study .
" As far as a general hazard , ( modern day genetic modifications ) are much less hazardous than what people have done for most of the century . "
The changes scientists make using molecular biology are tiny , she said , compared with the modifications that dramatically changed the appearance and taste of corn 4,400 years ago .
Scientists can manipulate a single gene , while selective breeding is much less precise .
But critics counter by saying that single genes inserted into different species can behave in unpredictable ways .
" What ( researchers are ) doing with genetic engineering today is crossing species boundaries , " said Craig Culp , a spokesman for the Center for Food Safety .
That 's disturbing , he said , because genes from organisms that would n't normally breed could trigger toxins or allergens , in addition to desirable traits .
" You can put a fish and a strawberry in the same room together for a million years , and they 're never going to cross breed , " Culp said .
" But if you put like species in a room together , they very well may share genetic material and create something that 's different than either one of them . "
The lead author of the paper said she does n't believe a comparison can be drawn between the breeding practices of ancient Mexican farmers and what biotech companies do to develop genetically modified seeds .
" In the genes we looked at , early farmers did not ' change ' anything within the gene , " said Viviane Jaenicke , a researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany .
" All ( of the genes ) were already present in the teosinte ( corn 's precursor ) populations .
All the early farmers did was to select teosinte plants which carried the alleles they were interested in .
And this selection process created then the maize .
So it is not ' engineering ' but a selection process . "
More exciting to Jaenicke is the fact that she and her colleagues were able to gather enough DNA from a 4,400 - year - old ear of corn to study .
They were surprised to find that genes found in modern - day corn were already present in the ancient corn .
" ( That ) means that 4,400 years ago , the ancient corn did not only look very much like modern corn , but probably also tasted very much like it , " Jaenicke said .
" I think it is amazing that so early in domestication , farmers had created a maize so close to the modern maize . "
Cracking the Frankenfood Code
Moms Battle Genetic Engineering
Public Wants Biotech Food Tested
Biotech Debate Centers on Africa
Check yourself into Med - Tech
ST . GEORGE , Utah ( Reuters ) -
The trial of the leader of the largest polygamist sect in the United States is forcing people in Utah , where polygamy has a long history , to confront a practice that many would prefer stay hidden .
Polygamist Warren Steed Jeffs makes an appearance during an extradition hearing at the Clark County Regional Justice Center in Las Vegas , Nevada , August 31 , 2006 .
The trial of the leader of the largest polygamist sect in the United States is forcing people in Utah , where polygamy has a long history , to confront a practice that many would prefer stay hidden .
REUTERS / Las Vegas Sun / Steve Marcus / Handout
Opening statements are expected to begin on Thursday in the trial of Warren Jeffs , the self - proclaimed prophet of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints , a secretive sect of 7,500 members who practice polygamy or what they call plural marriage .
He is accused of being an accomplice to rape by masterminding a marriage between a 14 - year - old girl and her cousin .
The case has brought fresh national attention to polygamy and renewed debate in Utah about the practice .
Reactions in the state vary from embarrassment and disbelief to support and pleas for tolerance .
The Mormon religion , which is headquartered in Salt Lake City , originally promoted polygamy and its founder , Joseph Smith , took at least two dozen wives .
But the church renounced it in 1890 and now strongly opposes the practice .
As the Jeffs case brings it back into the open , many in Utah scorn what they see as a backward tradition , a view that supporters deem is unfair .
“ The ones that are hardest on us are the ones who had it in their background in the first place , ” said Ross Chatwin , a former sect member with only one wife who has criticized Jeffs but supports the polygamous culture .
“ It ’s almost like it ’s an embarrassment to them -- they wished it never happened .
They want it to go away and they want it to disappear . ”
Eric Wardell , 24 , a college student , said he ca n’t see a positive side to polygamy .
“ I do n’t understand why it ’s not prosecuted , ” Wardell said .
“ It ’s hard not to assume they ’re not in it for the wrong reason .
I ’m suspicious of perverted intentions . ”
‘ HAPPY , CONSENTING ’ FAMILIES
Jeffs , who was arrested in August after a highly publicized 15 - month manhunt , is not charged with polygamy , although the practice is illegal in Utah .
He faces two felony counts that could bring life sentences and has pleaded innocent .
Some supporters are coming forward to defend polygamy .
They say it helps build stronger families , and multiple wives makes childcare easier for mothers who hold jobs .
“ The fact is there are so many happy , consenting adult families that people just do n’t pay attention to , ” said Anne Wilde , co-founder of pro-polygamy group Principle Voices , and a widow from a polygamous marriage of 33 years .
“ Polygamy itself is not automatically abusive or controlling . ”
About 37,000 people in western U.S. states subscribe to polygamy , experts say .
Jeffs ’ sect is based in the twin towns of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona -- a dusty area some 100 miles northwest of the Grand Canyon .
“ In our eyes they ’re breaking a commandment , but they ’re still a child of God , ” said Cindy LaFollete , a Mormon missionary .
“ We believe marriage is ordained between a man and a woman .
But everyone is free to make their own choices . ”
Jeffs ’ fundamentalist enclave lived for years without outside scrutiny or interference from authorities although exiled or escaped members reported crimes such as widespread welfare and tax fraud , underage marriages and sexual abuse .
Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff has said he cannot prosecute polygamy for lack of resources and instead is concentrating on crimes against minors , domestic violence , and tax and welfare fraud within the communities .
Moreover , there is little political or public will in Utah to go after polygamists who otherwise obey the law , he said .
“ Most people seem to say , ‘ If you ’re an adult and you enter into this relationship and there is n’t abuse going on ...’
‘ Live and let live ’ is kind of the attitude , ” Shurtleff said .
Greg Cassingham , a 49 - year - old glazier from Provo , Utah , disagreed .
“ Socially , I do n’t think it ’s acceptable , ” he said .
“ Plus , a guy ’s got to be crazy to have more than one wife . ”
The nomination of Michael Mukasey is running into very serious trouble .
And , George Bush is cranky .
He says it ’s not fair .
And , guess what ?
Bush says we ’re at war .
Therefore , no one can question anything Bush does and he should get what he wants :
“ Judge Mukasey is not being treated fairly , ” the president said , after taking the extraordinary step of inviting a group of reporters into the Oval Office to vent his feelings .
Sitting behind his desk and leaning back in his chair , Mr. Bush said he was concerned that some people may have “ lost sight of the fact that we ’re at war . ”
Pretty soon Bush will start weaving in Al Qaeda and September the 11th .
Bush just wants another Attorney General who will let him break the law .
Democratic Senators are standing up against torture .
And it ’s key that the Senators on the Judiciary Committee are lining up against Mukasey .
Note to Dianne Feinstein :
Do n’t screw this one up .
Let ’s all remember what happen during the confirmation hearing for Mukasey in mid-October .
On the first day of testimony , Mukasey wowed the Senators .
On day two , Mukasey was a different person — he became a loyal Bushie overnight .
It was an overnight transformation .
Waterboarding was probably involved .
People who have been traumatized by exposure to war crimes have a tendency to choose violent means and reject nonviolent means to achieve peace , says a joint Tulane University / University of California - Berkeley study in the August 1 issue of Journal of the American Medical Association .
Since the late 1980s , the Lord 's Resistance Army , a rebel group , has waged war in northern Uganda , killing and mutilating countless civilians and abducting tens of thousands of adults and children .
Up to a million and a half people have been displaced in refugee camps .
The Tulane / Berkeley team of researchers surveyed 2,585 adults 18 years or older in villages and camps in northern Uganda in April and May 2005 .
The survey , conducted with questionnaires , was designed to assess the level of exposure to war - related violence and the prevalence of posttraumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) and depression symptoms , and to determine how these variables are related with respondents ' views about peace .
War - related violence has had a major impact on the psychological well - being of the people in the region , the researchers found .
About three - quarters of the respondents reported symptoms of PTSD and almost half met depression criteria .
Researchers further found that respondents with symptoms of PSTD and / or depression were less likely to identify nonviolent means and more likely to identify violent means as a way to achieve peace .
The authors suggest that these results should be considered together with other factors when mechanisms aimed at promoting justice and reconciliation such as amnesties , criminal trials and truth commissions are implemented .
###
The authors are : Patrick Vinck , director of the University of California - Berkeley / Tulane Initiative for Vulnerable Populations ; Phuong N. Pham , an adjunct assistant professor of Tulane University 's Payson Center for International Development and a senior research fellow at the University of California - Berkeley Human Rights Center ; Eric Stover , faculty director of the Human Rights Center ; and Harvey Weinstein , a senior research fellow at the Human Rights Center .
I am annoyed when I see a family picture where I am not smiling .
Everyone said “ Say Cheese ! ” and I thought I was .
Unfortunately my smile began to fall right before the picture was taken .
What if there was a camera which would take pictures based on the subjects smiling ?
Sony has releases the Cybershot DSC - T200 with “ smile shutter ” , which takes a picture based on the smiles of the subjects .
This feature arrived from a smile measurement software that was developed by the Japanese Omron .
It rates the smile on a 0 – 100 percent scale , and takes the picture based on your personal settings .
Furthermore , it has the ability to track up to 8 subjects per picture at a time .
Take a look at this funny video for an example .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- A 4 - year - old boy has died and his mother and 3 - year - old sister are hospitalized after an apartment fire Monday afternoon in Arlington .
" I flew out the window head first and I was just laying there a little bit blacked out , " older sister Katrina Do said .
Do bears visible scars of the tragedy her family suffered on Monday .
She barely escaped a fire that swept through the family 's apartment , killing her 4 - year - old brother , Dillon Soulivong .
" Ten minutes later , they pulled him out and it was too late .
He 's gone , " Do said .
Dressed in donated clothes , Do returned to the apartment looking to salvage food or clothing .
She said her little brother might have started the fire .
" My mom told me that he lit the Christmas tree on fire , he was playing with lighters and he had lit it on fire , " Do said .
Choked by the thick smoke ,
Do said her only escape was an upstairs window .
Sister : " He was so scared , he did n't want to listen to nobody because he knew he was going to get a spanking ... "
She jumped , knocking herself unconscious .
Neighbors rescued her mother and younger sister , but her brother was still trapped inside .
" He was so scared , he did n't want to listen to nobody because he knew he was going to get a spanking or something , you know , for starting the fire .
So he did n't know what to do , he was running around .
I would have grabbed him , but I could n't breathe either , " Do said .
Do said the family lost just about everything , and they will stay with relatives and friends in Arlington .
Trump campaign official buried in mockery for saying Biden is ‘ hiding ’ something by not agreeing to ear inspection
( h/t Heather )
You knew we had to post this ...
On a related note , the most news generated by this debate was unfortunately not the substance of the issues as raised by Kucinich and Edwards , but that Hillary Clinton was heckled .
Turns out that it was a Code Pink member .
Hey media ?
Do you think maybe focusing more on the ideas brought forth , like Kucinich here , and less on the prom queen popularity aspect might actually be helpful ?
It 's only the health and future of the planet we 're talking about ...
Getting enough quality sleep is important .
If you have an exciting night life , then a daytime nap may be good for you .
However , given a choice , a better solution is to go to bed earlier .
If you want to take any nap , limit your time to 20 or 30 minutes .
Any longer period , you will probably wake up feeling groggy instead of alert .
Say , going to bed earlier at night is never an option for you , have you ever thought of taking a nap in the office , after your ( heavy ) lunch ?
Now , MetroNaps , a company based in New York , is offering tiny sleep pods for rental in cities located across the world .
In fact , MetroNaps , the name itself is self - explanatory description of what they do .
The futuristic looking sleeping pod is known as EnergyPod .
This bed is sold at the hefty price of US $ 8,000 ( about RM27,200 ) .
The company promises to “ improve employee morale while boosting the bottom line ” by encouraging powernapping at work with its cool machine .
Instead of selling it to household , MetroNaps is marketing this “ napping bed ” to offices .
After all , why we need EnergyPod when we can have beds at home ?
With EnergyPod , employees can now take nap ( hopefully , after being approved by the bosses ) while on the job .
But , what is so great about EnergyPod ?
The dome , also known as a privacy shield , comes down in order to get a “ room within a room ” so you can take your mind out of the workplace .
The Privacy visor keeps external sound out and internal ones in ( to filter your snoring sound too ) .
.
After the pod comfortably reclines , the machine will play music to help you going to your dreamland .
Twenty minutes later , an acoustic alarm and gentle vibration will wake you up .
Though cool looking , I think these sleeping pods are taking up a lot of space .
Also , customers may be curious to ask , “ What is that ? ”
So , be ready to answer that question before you invite customers to your office .
Personally , I will want to take a nap after lunch , but my company will not allow me to so in the office .
However , sleeping at my own bed at my house is always better than doing it in the office .
May be , other places like spa will be more suitable to have EnergyPod .
If you really want to have EnergyPod in your office , in your next employee ’s annual survey ( if your company does that ) , suggest it .
Some companies like Procter & Gamble ( P&G ) is kind enough to invest to get EnergyPod in their German headquarter .
Google also has one in its Taiwan office .
P&G and Google staffs are really lucky , are n’t they ?
Email This Post
Category : Fitness Gadget / Equipment
Poland .
During winter temperature drops to even minus 30 degrees Celsius .
This is why in 2017 as many as 116 people froze to death .
Mainly the homeless ones .
Mainly because no one cared to help them .
THE INVISIBLES .
This is what the Homeless are to us .
Researchers at the University of Manchester - who carried out the study - also expect Birmingham to become a plural city in 2024 .
Professor Ludi Simpson , who led the study , said white groups will remain the largest in both cities .
He said the results reflected worldwide trends of increasing ethnic diversity .
Prediction disputed
Prof Simpson said : " In Leicester and Birmingham , the white group will remain the largest by far - though it will not account for a majority of the population as a whole .
" These and most other cities are already diverse with many different ethnic minorities .
Since the immigration of the 1970s our communities have always got along with one another
Leicester East MP Keith Vaz
" Indeed it is indisputable that whether the whole of Britain or its city districts are considered , there will be more cultures represented in more equal numbers than in the past . "
Leicester East MP Keith Vaz said plurality would be a " natural development of the city " .
He said : " Leicester 's diversity and successful integration is a mark of Leicester 's confidence in itself .
" Since the immigration of the 1970s our communities have always got along with one another .
" Not every city in England will become like Leicester , but it is a hopeful example of multiculturalism for our nation today . "
The research team dismissed claims by the Commission for Racial Equality that Leicester would be the first in Europe to have a majority non-white population in three years .
Figures in the 2001 Census showed Leicester 's population was 63 % white with the next largest ethnic group being of Indian origin at 26 % .
Enlarge By Stan Honda , AFP / Getty Images Mike Huckabee , left , leads Mitt Romney , center , 38 % to 22 % among Iowans who consider themselves born - again Christians , according to the latest poll from The Des Moines Register .
Rudy Giuliani , right , is seen as the most electable of the GOP candidates .
GOP CANDIDATE PROFILES , TIMELINES , VIDEO & MORE GOP CANDIDATE PROFILES , TIMELINES , VIDEO & MORE Mike Huckabee : Governor from Hope guns for top spot John McCain : Maverick seeks elusive GOP base in 2008 Ron Paul : Texan rails against government , war in bid Enlarge By Steve Marcus , Reuters Sen. Barack Obama , center , now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton , left , among Democratic caucusgoers in Iowa .
Former senator John Edwards , right , remains in third .
DEM CANDIDATE PROFILES , TIMELINES , VIDEO & MORE DEM CANDIDATE PROFILES , TIMELINES , VIDEO & MORE Hillary Rodham Clinton : Can N.Y. senator reach the finish ?
Barack Obama : Contender vaults into political limelight Republican Mike Huckabee and Democratic Sen. Barack Obama have taken the lead among Iowans likely to take part in their respective party caucuses , according to The Des Moines Register 's latest polling .
Huckabee , a former governor of Arkansas , wins the support of 29 % of Iowans who say they definitely or probably will attend the Republican Party 's caucuses on Jan .
3 . That 's a gain of 17 percentage points since the last Iowa Poll was taken in early October , when Huckabee trailed Mitt Romney and Fred Thompson .
Obama , an Illinois senator , leads for the first time in the Register 's poll as the choice of 28 % of likely Democratic Party caucus goers , up from 22 % in October .
Sen. Hillary Clinton , D - N.Y. , was the preferred candidate of 25 % , down from 29 % in the previous poll .
Romney , who has invested more time and money campaigning in the state than any other GOP candidate , remains in the thick of the Iowa race with the backing of 24 % of likely caucusgoers .
But that 's a drop of 5 percentage points since October for the former Massachusetts governor .
Despite the movement , the race for 2008 's opening nominating contest remains very competitive about a month before the Jan. 3 caucuses .
Roughly six in 10 likely Republican caucus participants and slightly more than half of Democrats say they could still be persuaded to support another candidate .
John Edwards , the former senator from North Carolina who led Democratic candidates in the Register 's May poll , held steady with 23 % , in third place among Democrats .
Rudy Giuliani , ex-mayor of New York and the front - runner in GOP national polls , was third among Iowa Republicans with 13 % , despite waging a limited campaign in the state .
The new Iowa Poll , conducted over four days last week , has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.4 percentage points .
Republicans
Poll findings indicate Huckabee is making the most of a low - budget campaign by tapping into the support of Iowa 's social conservatives .
The Register 's new scientific poll shows Huckabee , a former Baptist minister , leading Romney 38 % to 22 % among those who consider themselves born - again Christians .
In October , Romney edged Huckabee 23 % to 18 % among people in that group , which accounts for one - half of all likely caucus participants .
Similarly , Huckabee holds a 2 - to - 1 lead over Romney among those who say it is more important for a presidential candidate to be socially conservative than fiscally conservative .
Poll participant Thelma Whittaker , a retired teacher from Columbus Junction , is leaning toward supporting Huckabee in the caucuses but also could back Romney .
" I 'm a very conservative Republican and I feel that ( Huckabee ) follows through with those ideas , " said Whittaker , who said she is troubled by the country 's moral decline .
On the other hand , she wonders if Huckabee is a strong enough candidate to win the White House for the GOP .
When it comes to Romney , " I go along with a lot of his ideas , " Whittaker said , " but he 's also done some flip - flopping that scares me on issues like abortion and taxes . "
Huckabee has come a long way since last May , when he languished in a tie for sixth place in the Register 's poll , garnering the support of just 4 % of likely caucus participants then .
His campaign picked up steam after he notched a surprising second - place finish in the Iowa Republican Party 's straw poll in August .
The ex-governor of Arkansas leads Romney among men , 28 % to 20 % .
They run neck - and - neck among women .
The ex-governor of Arkansas draws more support among caucusgoers between the ages of 35 and 54 , while Romney does better among younger adults .
They compete almost evenly among those 55 or older .
Giuliani is seen as the most electable of the candidates and also has a slight edge as the most effective negotiator and the best able to bring Republicans and Democrats together .
On the other hand , the New Yorker also is seen by more likely caucus participants as the most ego - driven of the candidates and more of a polarizing figure than the other top - tier candidates .
" He 's too New York , " Whittaker , the retired teacher , said of Giuliani .
" He does n't understand us .
He does n't care to understand us . "
But poll participant Mark Pottorff , an agronomist from Sergeant Bluff , sides with those who have a high regard for Giuliani , citing his experience as a federal prosecutor and big-city mayor .
" He is tough on crime , and during September 2001 he led New York City through some very tough and dark days , " said Pottorff , 51 .
" I think he has the ability and the fortitude to stand up to dictators and terrorists . "
Thompson , a former senator from Tennessee who waited until September to formally enter the race for the Republican nomination , has slipped to fourth place in the Iowa Poll , at 9 % .
Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Rep. Ron Paul of Texas are tied for fifth place at 7 % each .
Four candidates trail them .
Paul , an opponent of the war in Iraq , has the dubious distinction of being the GOP candidate who outpolls his rivals as the most negative contender .
But Paul , who has a loyal following and a well - funded campaign , has been creeping up in the Register 's polls this year of likely caucus participants .
Democrats
The lead change among Democratic caucus participants comes after weeks of Obama and Edwards criticizing Clinton 's position on U.S. policy toward Iran .
Meanwhile , Clinton has accused Obama of being inexperienced , and recently criticized his proposal to expand health insurance coverage .
The poll shows what has continued to be a wide gap between the top three candidates and the remainder of the field .
Iowa City Democrat Katharyn Browne said she abandoned her support for Clinton in the past month and now supports Obama in light of the Iran issue .
Obama spent weeks in October and November attacking Clinton 's support for a measure that allowed President Bush to declare Iran 's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization .
Obama said the move was a step toward war .
Clinton said the measure enhanced U.S. negotiating strength with Iran .
" An Iran war terrifies me , " said Browne , a 30 - year - old University of Iowa student .
In the new poll , Obama leads with support from 31 % of women likely attend the caucuses , compared with 26 % for Clinton .
In October , Clinton was the preferred candidate of 34 % of women caucusgoers , compared with 21 % for Obama .
Women represent roughly six in 10 Democratic caucusgoers , according to the new poll .
Obama also dominates among younger caucusgoers , with support from 48 % of those younger than 35 .
Clinton was the choice of 19 % in that group and Edwards of 17 % .
Clinton is the top choice among caucusgoers age 55 and older .
Half of Democratic caucusgoers are in this age group .
But the former first lady continues to face stubborn misgivings , despite her dozens of visits to the state this year and increasing campaign presence of her husband , the popular former president Bill Clinton .
About 30 % of Democratic caucusgoers viewed Sen.
Clinton as either mostly or very unfavorably , behind Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio and former Alaska senator Mike Gravel .
She topped the list of candidates whose nomination would be one of the biggest disappointments at 27 % .
Edwards , who finished second in the 2004 caucuses , led narrowly among men in the new poll and was tied with Clinton for the favorite in Iowa 's rural areas .
Rural Centerville Democrat Candace Scritchfield supported Edwards in 2004 and plans to again .
" He 's a very down - to - earth and trustworthy person , " said Scritchfield , a 44 - year - old homemaker .
" He has a lot of loyalty , that I can tell . "
New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson remained in fourth place as the choice of 9 % , and Delaware Sen .
Joe Biden remained in fifth with 6 % , both virtually unchanged from the October poll .
All others had support from 1 % or less .
Presidential preferences include people leaning toward supporting a candidate .
Seven percent said they were uncommitted or unsure about whom to support .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Federal lawmakers are considering the broadest effort ever to limit what children eat : a national ban on selling candy , sugary soda and salty , fatty food in school snack bars , vending machines and à la carte cafeteria lines .
Whether the measure , an amendment to the farm bill , can survive the convoluted politics that have bogged down that legislation in the Senate is one issue .
Whether it can survive the battle among factions in the fight to improve school food is another .
Senator Tom Harkin , Democrat of Iowa and the chairman of the Agriculture Committee , has twice introduced bills to deal with foods other than the standard school lunch , which is regulated by Department of Agriculture .
Several lawmakers and advocates for changes in school food believe that an amendment to the $ 286 billion farm bill is the best chance to get control of the mountain of high - calorie snacks and sodas available to schoolchildren .
Even if the farm bill does not pass , Mr. Harkin and Senator Lisa Murkowski , Republican of Alaska , a sponsor of the amendment , vow to keep reintroducing it in other forms until it sticks .
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
It could have been me !
The " biggest skeptic in the world " until I realized ...
This is an annoyingly long piece of theist propaganda that is circulating via e-mail and messageboards .
Christians aim this at skeptics .
It 's obviously a huge cut - and - paste job and anybody who sends this to you likely cannot answer any further questions about the claims made .
This propaganda takes the classic approach of trying to empathize with the reader : " I was a skeptic just like you until I found Jesus ... "
This diatribe centers around various prophetic claims in the Bible that are ambiguous , dubious and outright lies .
Let 's take a close look at this " convincing argument " for Christianity ...
Incredible Testimony THE BIGGEST SKEPTIC IN THE WORLD : IT COULD HAVE BEEN ME
To the best of my memory , before I came to the saving grace of Jesus Christ , I did not believe the Bible was true .
I doubted whether God , Satan , heaven , or hell even existed .
I believed that we were born , lived so many years , and then died .
I had my own business and thought that I had succeeded by my own wits .
One evening , my wife and I heard some documentation that these were the last days before Jesus Christ would actually return .
Not wanting to hear it , I almost walked out .
Something kept me there , and I listened but was not convinced ; however , I decided to do some research to find out if the Bible was really true .
Indeed , if I could find one contradiction or anything that was not true , then I could disregard it .
I believed this would not take long .
This led me into much research .
Nobody knows who wrote this missive .
It 's likely been tweaked and massaged over the years , so let 's call our hypothetical author of this missive Bubba .
Bubba suggests that if he can find one contradiction or anything that was not true , then it would n't be unreasonable to look at other claims within the Bible as suspicious , or in his more definitive words , " I could disregard it " in its entirety .
Sounds like a good deal .
So Bubba does " much research " .
Unfortunately there are literally thousands of contradictions .
There 's a huge book by C. Dennis McKinsey , 852 pages in length entitled , " Biblical Errancy - A Reference Guide " .
If this guy can write 852 pages of contradictions and errors , surely Bubba can find ONE , right ?
Apparently not !
Take a look at just one of the many documented pages here on Inconsistencies in the Bible .
There 's at least 70 on that page alone and many more can be found in the Arguments Against Scripture section .
We are one paragraph into this obnoxiously long diatribe and the whole argument has been completely debunked .
Of course , the rest of this piece centers around the legitimacy of Bible scripture .
But we 've offered with just a single link , 70 + clear - cut examples of contradictions and errors in the Bible , the so called " infallible word of God . "
The argument is over .
The evidence is tainted and not capable of being considered even remotely reliable .
But for the sake of amusement , let 's further argue this missive ...
I learned nearly one - third of the Bible is directly or indirectly related to prophecy which includes about 10,000 prophecies .
One thing needed , was to determine when the Bible was actually written .
Thus , a study of biblical history , various translations , and archaeology was necessary .
The Dead Sea Scrolls , which were found in Israel , contained parts of the Old Testament including prophecies of the coming of Jesus .
It has been proven that these were written before Christ came .
Thousands of clay tablets and archaeological sites also confirm many accounts in the Bible .
A few issues :
The dates of the Dead Sea Scrolls vary and many scientists are not in agreement regarding their age ; it 's generally accepted they were written from 200 BC to 68 AD .
There 's actually no uncontested historical evidence that Jesus ever existed !
This is a hotly - contested topic of its own , therefore to base the age of the Dead Sea Scrolls relative to the existence of Jesus is a local fallacy , false criteria , making an unsubstantiated assumption .
Another logical fallacy : a circular argument ensues when Bubba suggests the clay tablets " confirm many accounts in the bible " .
Since most scholars believe many of these old texts were copies of each other , and many of the books in the Bible originated from clay tablets just like the Dead Sea Scrolls , it makes sense they 'd be similar .
They do n't " confirm " each other .
They 're copies .
You can make 20 different copies of Star Wars .
That does n't mean Darth Vader was a real person , or that the existence of Episode III " confirms " Episode I .
Fragments of every book of the Hebrew canon ( Old Testament ) have been discovered except for the book of Esther in the Dead Sea Scrolls .
There are now identified among the scrolls , 19 copies of the Book of Isaiah , 25 copies of Deuteronomy and 30 copies of the Psalms .
COPIES .
That is not " confirmation ! "
This is more goofball logic employed by Bubba .
The only thing the Dead Sea Scrolls " prove " is that people made copies of these ancient texts .
It makes you wonder if a thousand years from now , people will think Harry Potter is real because there are so many copies of his books ?
I took time off and began studying the prophecies .
My wife would spend much time at the library .
She obtained documentation for me from reference books which I would check against the Scriptures to see if the prophecies took place .
One week went by and then a month .
Every prophecy that we were able to get information on proved to be accurate .
Is n't it convenient that Bubba and his wife do all the research so you do n't have to ?
They tell you they spent weeks and even a month researching Scripture and their conclusion ?
" Every prophecy that we were table to get information on proved to be accurate . "
Nevermind providing any details .
Just take Bubba at his word .
This illustrates one of the most offensive practices of religious people .
They ask you to trust them , claiming they know more than you .
If there was great truth to the things they believe in , why would n't they encourage you to seek out and verify this truth for yourself ?
It 's no wonder that atheists tend to know more about scripture than theists .
A careful examination of the Bible reveals its flaws .
But Bubba wants you to trust him .
He 's done the research and found the truth so you do n't have to !
I was astonished , but still not convinced .
BUT WAIT !
If you are among the first 50 callers we 'll throw in a free closet organizer !
Later , there were people who would show me what appeared to be contradictions in the Bible .
These were not contradictions , but only a lack of research on the part of those that said these things .
Stubborn , that 's me .
Even after four months of intensive study , proving prophecy after prophecy was true , I was still skeptical .
Four months turned into six .
I became more determined .
It was n't possible that the sixty - six books of the Bible written by many people over hundreds of years would not have some errors , I thought .
Thousands of prophecies , and every one perfect ?
No , impossible !
If I would admit that , then I would also have to admit there was a God .
I was not prepared to do that — yet , I wanted to know the truth .
More months passed .
Finally , I had to admit after spending almost countless hours of research — I was wrong .
I may have been the biggest skeptic in the world , but now I know — the Bible is true and is the perfect Word of God .
Anyone willing to take the time I did and do the same research could only come to the same conclusion , if they are honest with themselves .
... and here 's the money shot .
There were people who showed him contradictions but that was only due to a " lack of research " .. in other words , if the conclusion you come to does n't support the illusion that the Bible is infallible and God exists , you have n't done enough research .
Keep trying .
You 're off .
Until you agree with my fore - gone conclusion , you have n't found the " truth . "
So after months and months , Bubba concludes the Bible is the " perfect word of God " .
Again , never mind that he has n't addressed any contradictions , nor provided any compelling evidence .
You just have to take the word of some anonymous guy who hit CTRL - V and sent you an e-mail .
What 's really amusing is that most people would not take with a grain of salt , such presumptuous tripe .
If some stranger ( or even someone you know ) handed you a box full of unusual mushrooms and said , " I 've done months of research .
These are edible " would you consider yourself foolish to try them ?
It 's really crazy how on the topic of theism , people are much more apt to suspend their critical thinking abilities .
Maybe this is because deep down inside , nobody really believes this crap in the first place ?
And you can't really find out for sure until you die anyway , so what 's wrong with believing in this goofy crap if it gives you a little security in the short term ?
Remember the Christian mantra :
If you do n't believe in the Bible you 're not being honest with yourself .
Now ladies and gentlemen , let 's proceed without further delay to the fear mongering portion of our presentation tonite :
I became afraid that I would perish .
I surrendered my life to Jesus Christ , the only begotten Son of God as a result of His love , compassion , mercy and grace .
I know that there is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we MUST be saved ( EXCEPT JESUS ) - ref Acts 4:12 .
I REPENTED of my sins and received Jesus Christ as my only hope of salvation by FAITH - ref Eph 2:8- 10 .
It is written , EXCEPT YE BE CONVERTED , AND BECOME AS LITTLE CHILDREN , YE SHALL NOT ENTER THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN - Mt 18:3 .
You can also call on Jesus NOW to be YOUR Lord and Savior .
THE SOON COMING CLIMAX ( BIBLE PROPHECY — PROOF THE BIBLE IS TRUE AND WE ARE NOW IN THE LATTER DAYS ) and HOW TO BE SAVED ( A brief summary )
This message may be called a road sign of warning .
Some may look at a sign that reads — THE BRIDGE IS OUT , and say , " Oh , someone is just trying to scare us into taking another road ; let 's go on the same way . "
They go on and plunge to their death .
The sign was not meant to scare people , but to warn them of impending danger .
The sign was put there , because someone cared and did n't want others to perish .
God wants you to know , WHEN YOU SEE THESE THINGS COME TO PASS ( the prophecies from the Bible in this message ) , KNOW YE THAT THE KINGDOM OF GOD IS NIGH AT HAND -Lk 21:31 .
You gotta love how Christian propaganda lures you in with love and the search for truth , only to bludgeon you over the head with the club of fear , uncertainty and doubt when they have your attention .
Yes Jesus loves you , yadda yadda yadda , but ACT NOW , TIME IS RUNNING OUT !
THIS IS A LIMITED TIME OFFER !
If that was n't scary enough , let 's pull some scary prophesy out of our asses ... most of this alternates between ridiculous and obvious .
None of it in any way substantiates scripture regardless :
Will Russia and some Arab nations invade Israel and the U.S.A. become involved ?
Yes .
Will 1/4th of the world 's population die ?
Yes .
Will there be a one - world system or global economy ?
Yes .
Will diseases increase such as AIDS ?
Yes .
Did you know the Bible tells us about what is happening ?
Did you know that Bubba is pulling this shit from his ass ?
Did you know that Bubba is employing very creative interpretation of vague Bible passages to claim very specific future events ?
Did you know that if any of these things prove to not come to pass , people like Bubba will not admit they were wrong and instead make up some feeble excuse ?
Like they did with Y2 K being the end of the world .
WHAT IS GOING ON ?
People have said the end was near many times in the past — true .
But did you know the Bible shows us no prophecy of the latter days meant anything until Israel was reborn into a nation ?
Speaking of loose - and - fast excuses , here 's a good one .
People have said the end was near in the past , but they did n't interpret scripture properly .
That says more about them than the infallibility of scripture .
Oh right .
You know why the guy says that prophecy of the latter days does n't mean anything until Israel is reborn ?
Because that 's a convenient fabrication Bubba makes up to justify his new and improved end of the world fantasy !
The problem is , according to the Bible itself , Jesus clearly said he would return during the lifetime of his disciples [ 1 ] :
- Mark 13:30 :
“ Remember that all these things will happen before the people now living have all died . ”
- Matthew 16:27 :
“ For the Son of Man [ i.e. Jesus ] is about to come in the glory of his Father with his angels , and then he will reward each one according to his deeds .
I assure you [ i.e. swear to you ] that there are some here who will not die until they have seen the Son of Man [ Jesus ] come as King . ”
It 's pretty clear according to the new testament that Jesus was going to show up during the lifetime of the writers .
This is pretty much a recurring theme in all evangelical Christianity .
Every follower throughout time expects Jesus to return so he can enjoy the tribulation first - hand .
However , if the Bible is the inerrant word of God , then Jesus already showed up 1500 + years ago .
Did you know God's Word indicates to us a generation would not pass from Israel 's rebirth , till all be fulfilled ( which includes the Rapture , the Tribulation , and Jesus Christ 's return ) ?
A generation could be as little as 40 years or as much as 70 to 80 years ( Note Parable of the Fig Tree in site menu ) .
Many people have been preaching about the latter days of the end times in churches , on radio , TV , and through books and magazines .
Some include Billy Graham , Hal Lindsey , Ray Brubaker , John Hagee , Zola Levitt , Jack Van Impe , Peter Lalonde , and Tim LaHaye just to mention a few .
To those that understand the Bible , no explanation is needed .
To those that are prideful , self - centered , that love this world , that despise God 's correction , that are contentious or seeking the praise of men rather than of God , no explanation is possible - ref Dan 12:4 , 10 ; Mt 24:37 , 39 .
Again , this is the way it is because I say so , and if you do n't agree with me , then not only are you wrong , but you 're prideful , self - centered and you despise God .
These kinds of passive - aggressive ad hominem attacks are supposed to goad weak - minded people into accepting Bubba 's stupid claims without any actual evidence .
Bubba also trots out another classic Logical fallacy , the Appeal to Popularity , which suggests that just because a lot of people or a few well - known people believe something , that somehow makes it true .
Not only is that bogus , but you can bet the people Bubba name - drops have radically different ideas regarding Jesus ' coming and disagree on many of the points he 's making .
Conveniently , there are no references to their position on the issue included .
Trust Bubba .
It has been said that it is virtually impossible for anyone to make 11 straight predictions , 2000 years into the future .
Who said ?
Bubba ?
Another goofball presumption that softens the reader 's brain to be able to receive even more bullshit :
There is only one chance in 8 x 10 to the 63rd power , or 80 with 63 zeros after it that such a thing could be done .
If such a set of predictions existed , it would have to be the Word of God .
Here 's the infamous Godidit ! fallacy .
Also known as the Argument from improbability , which states , if something seems improbable , then God did it !
Never mind the fact that this answer does n't actually answer anything .
It just subtitutes another question instead of an actual answer .
But before you can go , " Hey , I see what you did there ! " you either get hit over the head again with the club of fear , uncertainty and doubt , or you 're bombarded with more ridiculous , unsubstantiated claims based upon an assload of false premises :
Consider , could you write eleven straight predictions that would take place in the year 4000 A.D. ?
Include the rebirth of a specific nation and exactly how it would be reborn .
Include specific nations that would exist and certain nations that would be allied together , and the exact size of a nation 's army .
Include what the people and church would be like .
Also include the names of actual cities and name certain crops and fruit trees that would exist .
Hey !
That would be neat .
But you 're not talking about the Bible Bubba .
The prophecy in the bible is anything but specific .
Here 's a classic example of how stupid theists expect their audience to be .
You may have one passage that says something like , " Yet forty days , and Nineveh shall be overthrown ! " and if Nineveh was not overthrown in " forty days " then the theists will dance around and claim , " Well here in this other passage [ written 50 years before / after by a different person ] says
- 2 Peter 3:8 :
" But , beloved , be not ignorant of this one thing , that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years , and a thousand years as one day ... "
So is a day a thousand years ?
There are other areas in the bible where you can interpret a day being a week , a year or other time periods [ 2 ]
As a result , people like Bubba pick - and - choose whichever interpretation suits their agenda .
There is absolutely no consistency whatsoever .
And they want to call this " specific ? "
That 's insulting to anyone who 's paying attention .
And so , with this in mind , that all these predictions are ambiguous at best , and downright lies at worst , Bubba spews out a list ...
And if you believe this stuff , I got some magic beans to sell you that will make you live forever .
If they do n't , I 'll give you your money back !
Do eleven straight prophecies and be exactly correct on every single one .
The Bible not only does this eleven times , but hundreds of times with absolute , perfect accuracy .
If this is so , even the most skeptical person ( that is truthful ) would have to agree that there is indeed a God and the Bible has to be His Word .
2 Pet 1:20,21 - KNOWING
THIS FIRST , THAT NO PROPHECY OF THE SCRIPTURE IS OF ANY PRIVATE INTERPRETATION .
FOR THE PROPHECY CAME NOT IN OLD TIME BY THE WILL OF MAN : BUT HOLY MEN OF GOD SPAKE AS THEY WERE MOVED BY THE HOLY GHOST .
O FOOLS , AND SLOW OF HEART TO BELIEVE ALL THAT THE PROPHETS HAVE SPOKEN -Lk 24:25 .
However , believing there is a God and acknowledging the Bible is the Word of God does not save a person .
A person needs to admit they are a sinner , repent , and receive Jesus Christ as their only hope of being saved .
This is done by faith ( or trust ) .
Let 's prove the Bible is true and we are nearing the end of the last generation before Christ returns .
1 . The Jewish people would be scattered worldwide ; yet Israel would become a nation again after a long time and at a time the Bible calls the " latter days " - ref Isa 66:8 ; Mic 5:3 ; Ezek 38:8 .
Against what appeared to be impossible odds , this prophecy has been fulfilled .
It happened as predicted on May 14 , 1948 after about 2500 years .
That 's 1 out of 1 .
Before I waste your time with this ridiculous list , note that this guy does n't give you the actual scripture .
He just lists the verses and assumes you wo n't read them and notice that his contention that the Jewish nation has reformed again after being scattered .
That in and of itself is extremely ambiguous in the first place .
Even Christians argue over what constitutes the " Jewish nation " according to biblical prophecy , and by the way " a long time " is n't what I 'd consider to be a specific time measurement .
If this really were prophecy and it really was specific , why not list a specific date ?
Let 's look at the first scripture passage that the writer claims " proves " fulfilled prophecy :
- Isiah 66:8 :
Who hath heard such a thing ?
who hath seen such things ?
Shall the earth be made to bring forth in one day ?
or shall a nation be born at once ?
for as soon as Zion travailed , she brought forth her children .
Of course , it 's so obvious !
This clearly says that in 1948 the Kingdom of Israel will be established .
The fact that Jesus has n't shown up yet prompts people like Bubba to scramble around and make excuses .. ok there is a Jewish nation now , BUT all the Jews are not in Israel , so some are claiming they have to get the Jews to head back to the middle east from all parts of the world ( like Hollywood ) before Jesus will show up and destroy them .
Ahhh , ok , I got ya .
Note : Israel was destroyed in approximately 721 B.C. and Judah about 135 years later .
Since that time , approximately fourteen different peoples have possessed the land of Israel .
Yet as the Bible said , the nation of Israel would be reborn .
The rebirth of Israel was a key sign , indicating we had entered a time period called the " latter days . "
It was the beginning of a countdown leading to the Tribulation and culminating with the Battle of Armageddon and the return of Jesus .
Along with the fulfillment of this crucial event are over 360 prophecies that would all come together , so we might recognize that the Tribulation is very close at hand .
Some of these are listed here .
Yet the Bible foretells that most people would not believe these things , despite the overwhelming evidence of the signs from God 's Word being fulfilled exactly as predicted .
As people refused to believe the flood was coming in Noah 's time , so people today willingly choose to disregard the signs of the times .
The bible is the only reference to the goofball Noah 's flood story so speculating what people thought at that time is presumptuous at best .
However , Science clearly shows us there was no such flood ( not to be confused with regional floods which there is evidence for , but no " biblical - type " flood ever ) , and the world is a lot older than the Bible says .
Bubba just can't lay off the faulty premises .
A good majority of this missive involves these highly subjective and mostly - ridiculous interpretations of so - called " Biblical prophesy . "
Even religious scholars disagree on this stuff .
Yet we get bombarded with this crap ... all of which is based on extremely ambiguous , often anecdotal and metaphorical scripture that could mean just about anything !
2. Israel shall be brought forth in one day , at once - ref Isa 66:8 .
Prophecy fulfilled - May 14 , 1948 .
That 's 2 out of 2 .
Note : On Nov. 29 , 1947 , the General Assembly of the U.N. approved a resolution calling for the establishment of a Jewish state in Palestine .
On the morning of May 14 , 1948 ( the last day of the British mandate ) , a meeting of the People 's Council took place in Israel to decide on the name of the state and to finalize the declaration .
At precisely 4 pm , the proclamation ceremony began at the Tel Aviv museum .
The 979 Hebrew words of the Scroll of Independence were read .
All stood , and the scroll was adopted .
The notorious White Paper , issued by the British in 1930 restricting Jewish immigration , was declared null and void .
Members of the People 's Council signed the proclamation .
David Ben-Gurion rapped his gavel , declaring , " The State of Israel is established .
This meeting is ended . "
Israel was brought forth as a nation in one day , at once , exactly as predicted .
At midnight , the British soldiers and high commissioner would leave .
President Truman was swift in announcing U.S. recognition of Israel .
The following morning , on May 15 , Israel was under attack by the Egyptian , Syrian , Lebanese , Jordanian , and Iraqi forces .
3 . Israel would be brought forth ( or reborn ) " out of the nations " - Ezek 38:8 .
Prophecy fulfilled - May 14 , 1948 .
That 's 3 out of 3 .
Note :
As previously stated , on Nov. 29 , 1947 , the General Assembly of the " United Nations " approved a resolution calling for the establishment of a Jewish state in Palestine .
This prophecy was perfectly fulfilled .
Consider , for centuries the land of Israel had been occupied by many nations .
Israel was " brought forth out of the nations " — the children of Israel from many nations have been returning to their ancient homeland .
Ahh , a " perfectly fulfilled " prophesy .
Let 's look at this so - called " prophesy " :
- Ezekiel 38:8 :
After many days thou shalt be visited : in the latter years thou shalt come into the land that is brought back from the sword , and is gathered out of many people , against the mountains of Israel , which have been always waste : but it is brought forth out of the nations , and they shall dwell safely all of them .
Talk about vague !
After a long time , people will re-enter a war - torn land around some " mountains of Israel " which nobody really knows where that is , and then they will settle there , " safely " .
How could such a vague prophesy be filled " perfectly " in the first place ?
Is such an ambiguous description actually a prophesy in the first place ?
And even if it were , do you think people in the middle east " dwell safely all of them ? "
So much for a perfectly fulfilled prophesy .
4. Israel must regain the city of Jerusalem - Joel 2:32 ; Isa 28:14 ; Ezek 22:19 .
This happened just as predicted in 1967 .
That 's 4 out of 4 .
Note :
The Bible gives us two methods so we would know the time we are in .
One is by Israel 's rebirth .
The other , by a precise line of events that would all come together at one time .
Israel was reborn on May 14th , 1948 .
The Bible indicates that from Israel 's rebirth a generation would not pass till all be fulfilled .
We are not setting any date ; however , it seems clear from Israel 's rebirth and the signs of the times — that we are living in the generation in which the Rapture and Tribulation will come and catch most people by surprise .
Are you ready ?
More creative interpretation .
Based on the premise that the establishment of a Jewish state in 1948 satisfies the ambiguous rebirth of the nation of Israel .
The problem is , Bubba is using the same claims here , that It 's going to happen in THIS generation ! , that has been uttered by people from every generation , including during the times of the writers of the Bible and supposedly during the generation Jesus ' disciples were alive .
This claim that " Jesus is coming soon !
The prophesy is being fulfilled " as been regurgitated over and over for the last 1900 years .
And when Jesus does n't return , the next generation 's religious nutballs will turn again to scripture with an eye towards reconciling reality with their personal agenda and expectations .
Wash .
Rinse .
Repeat .
5 . The Christian church at the time of the end would be lukewarm , neither cold nor hot for Jesus .
Prophecy fulfilled .
That 's 5 out of 5 .
Note : God will spew them out .
Many ministers and people that call themselves a Christian will not be going to heaven .
The Bible tells us — you have acquired wealth , but your true condition is wretched , miserable , poor , blind , and naked and you do n't know it - Rev 3:14 - 22 .
This is today 's church .
Most preachers use little Scripture , but lots of worldly stories .
Many sing a great deal , but put little emphasis on repentance , obeying , serving , and fearing God , on the fruits of the Spirit , Bible prophecy , water baptism by immersion , and studying your Bible faithfully every day .
Many are only entertainment centers that teach what their members want to hear .
Many ( so - called Christians ) are so lukewarm or dead , they do n't even bring their Bibles with them to the house of God .
Some famous ministers and Bible schools think this is the best church age ever , yet the Bible clearly shows it is the worst and most deceived .
6 . The Bible gives us over 50 descriptions about the people at the time of the end .
These fit the people of today perfectly , but did not fit the people of fifty years ago .
Here are some :
This is especially amusing , here is a parade of mostly outright lies perpetrated by Bubba , claiming that the descriptions below do not fit people 50 years ago , as if 50 years ago there were no Satanists , or people that did n't believe or mock the tribulation myth , or be " lovers of themselves " , and HEY , did you know 50 years ago people did n't disobey their parents ?
This is fulfilled prophesy !
Yea , it 's true .
Jesus is coming because ONLY NOW do we have disobedient children !
You have to be a moron to believe some of this tripe :
A. Some would depart from the faith and go into devil worship - 1 Tim 4:1 .
This is perfect .
B. People would mock about the last days and not believe - 2 Pe 3:3 ; Jude 18 .
C. People would become lovers of themselves - 2 Tim 3:1,2 .
Remember the TV commercials — " I do it for me " ?
D. People would be disobeying their parents - 2 Tim 3:1,2 .
E. People would be grateful for nothing - 2 Tim 3:1,2 .
F. Homosexuality would increase - Lk 17:28,30 ; ref Gen 19:5 ; Ro 1:24,26,27 .
G. People would be without self - control in sex - 2 Tim 3:1,2,6 ; Rev 9:21 , Lk 17:28,30 ; Jude 7 .
Is this not the great sex generation ?
H. People would love pleasures more than God - 2 Tim 3:1,2,4 .
This is true .
Shall we go on a picnic , watch football , or sleep .
Church ?— we can go another time .
Our American motto " In God we trust " has become a joke .
Remember , these were all predicted centuries ago as part of the signs that we are at the time of the end .
I. People would be taking drugs - Rev 9:21 .
The Greek word for sorceries , in Rev 9:21 , means pharmaceuticals or drugs .
God 's Word is 100 % right on every one .
That 's 6 out of 6 .
How could you have any doubts at this point ?
Note : Fifty years ago , many people seldom locked their doors at night .
There was little or no profanity on television , radio , or in the movies .
One of the biggest problems in public school was gum chewing .
Those days are long gone .
Bubba says 50 years ago gum chewing was the biggest problem in school .
Anyone believe that ?
Honestly ?
And even if it were true , how do you draw the line between gum- chewing problems in public schools and LOOK OUT !
JEESUS IS COMIN '!!?
7 . There would be weapons that could destroy the world - Mk 13:20 ; Rev 6:8 ; Rev 9:18 ; Zech 14:8,12 .
Incredibly , this prophecy was written in the days of spears and arrows , yet today it is true .
That 's 7 out of 7 .
Note :
It is estimated that the combined nuclear arsenals of the USA and Russia ( as of the year 2004 ) could kill every living thing on earth 6 times over .
8 . The Gospel must be published in all the world - Mk 13:10 .
This seemingly impossible prophecy was written when there was no printing press , but today it is true .
That 's 8 out of 8 .
Note :
In this last generation , to our knowledge , the Gospel is being published ( or is about to be published ) in the primary language of every nation of the world or " among all nations . "
In addition , the Gospel is available by short - wave radio nearly everywhere in the world .
9 . In the " latter days " when Israel was once again a nation , there would be a great military power to the extreme north of Israel in the land of Magog ( which is modern - day Russia ) - Ezek 38:2-4,8,15,16 .
Incredible .
That 's 9 out of 9 .
Note :
How could the Bible have foretold the location of this nation , facts about its military , and even the time period it would come to pass ?
As was already said in Lk 24:25 - O FOOLS , AND SLOW OF HEART TO BELIEVE ALL THAT THE PROPHETS HAVE SPOKEN .
Uh oh , if you do n't believe this ridiculous crap , you 're a fool .
Well , up until this point , I was skeptical , but since you 're calling me a fool , or the bible calls me a fool , I guess I better believe you ... * yawn *
10 .
There would be a nation to the far east of Israel , to the end of the earth .
This nation would have an army of 200 million .
This is astounding .
How could the Bible have told the location of a nation and given such a huge figure regarding the size of its army nearly 2000 years ago ?
China has boasted that they could field an army of this exact figure .
That 's 10 out of 10 .
How could the bible be so accurate ?
It is n't .
Answered that question .
Show us those bible passages Bubba .
I thought so .
11 . There would be an economic alliance of the nations of the Old Roman Empire .
It would have a military capability .
This is an exact description of the European Economic Community today ( the EEC ) , which has already adopted the one - currency system for many of their member nations .
It is written , IN THE DAYS OF THESE KINGS ( these nations , which is now ) SHALL THE GOD OF HEAVEN SET UP A KINGDOM - Dan 2:44 .
That 's 11 out of 11 .
We have just reached the point that seemed impossible — 11 perfect predictions made thousands of years ago — with God nothing is impossible .
Certainly , at this point , even the biggest skeptic should see the Bible is true , there is a God , and we are nearing the time of the end .
Folks ... we have reached the impossible .
It 's impossible that anybody with an open , critical mind could actually follow this goofy , highly - subjective diatribe and conclude the author really had a point .
Not a single one of these so called " perfect predictions " are neither " perfect " nor even remotely accurate .
They all rely exclusively on heavily subjective interpretation of very ambiguous bible passages , and careful ignorance of other , contradictory scripture .
The only thing this missive proves is that if you want to use the bible to make a claim - virtually any claim , you can probably find some vague passage you can use to convince weak - minded people that some prophesy was fulfilled .
It does n't change the reality that all of this is bunk .
I 've already listed links to tons of contradictions in the bible and failed biblical prophesy .
Bubba does n't talk about that .
Even if you can find some clear predictions that came true in the bible , you 'll find that :
The claims are so generic in nature it's not like the prediction means anything ( i.e. a war - torn land will be a peaceful place to settle after awhile - whoop de do ! )
In the context of the many failed prophecies , the law of averages dictates the writers may get a few of them correct
The bible was assembled after many so - called prophecies were fulfilled in the old testament , so the people choosing what to include in the bible put the passages that did n't embarass god and his prophet 's so - called clairvoyance
Many of the prophecies in the bible were actually not prophecies at all , but passages written after - the - fact to appear as if they were predictions
About 22 prophecies in 11 sets have been given , all perfect and all written centuries ago .
The chance that any person could do this 2000 years into the future is not possible .
The Bible is the Word of God , and we have just proved it .
Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ .
Repent and get baptized by full immersion .
Read and obey the Gospel .
God loves you .
He is not willing that any should perish , yet many do .
The Rapture is close .
Most people are not ready and will not be taken .
However , " YOU " cannot say you did not know .
Know and understand , Mt 16:26 - WHAT IS A MAN PROFITED , IF HE SHALL GAIN THE WHOLE WORLD , AND LOSE HIS OWN SOUL ?
OR WHAT SHALL A MAN GIVE IN EXCHANGE FOR HIS SOUL ?
( Note : The Encyclopedia of Bible Prophecy has the complete list of 365 prophecies . )
Here comes more F.U.D.
Hold onto your hat .
The horror movie is now beginning ...
And Jesus is the only usher in the house who knows where the exit is located .
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT ?
THE RAPTURE AND TRIBULATION RAPTURE ( the Biblical term is " caught up " or " translation " ) is a term used to describe the removal from the earth of all living people that have been born - again as evidenced by their fruits .
Just prior to the Tribulation coming about , the Rapture will take place .
The number that will be raptured will be far fewer than most people might think .
The Bible unmistakably portrays the raptured saints in heaven before the throne of God , prior to the Antichrist coming forth and the Tribulation beginning .
The Scripture tells us , in the twinkling of an eye , we shall be changed and be with Jesus in the air .
1 Cor 15:51,52 -WE SHALL NOT ALL SLEEP , BUT WE SHALL ALL BE CHANGED , IN A MOMENT IN THE TWINKLING OF AN EYE , AT THE LAST TRUMP : FOR THE TRUMPET SHALL SOUND ; 1 Thes 4:16,17 - AND THE DEAD IN CHRIST SHALL RISE FIRST , THEN WE WHICH ARE ALIVE AND REMAIN SHALL BE CAUGHT UP TOGETHER WITH THEM IN THE CLOUDS .
We may be asleep , immediately we will be with Jesus .
All the unbelievers , the lukewarm Christians , and those that did not obey the Gospel will be left to face the dreadful Tribulation .
THE TRIBULATION is the worst time in history since man has been on the earth .
Immediately following the Rapture , the man of sin ( called the Antichrist ) comes forth and assumes control of the EEC .
He can be expected to be very charismatic and brilliant .
He confirms a treaty with Israel and others , which begins the Tribulation .
It is a 7 year period , but the Lord may have shortened the first 3 1/2 years in some way - ref Mk 13:20 ; Ro 9:28 .
We are not setting a date ; however , we are now living in that generation in which this will happen .
Hate , murder , thefts , rape , and every imaginable form of evil will abound .
During this horrible period of God 's wrath , Russia , Iran , and other nations will come against Israel .
The USA becomes involved .
One - fourth of the world 's population will die .
Many of the dead will be from the USA , as well as Russia .
One - third of trees are burned up .
All green grass is burned up .
One - third of the sea will become blood .
One - third of the creatures in the sea will die .
One - third of the ships are destroyed .
One - third of the waters become wormwood ( or poisoned , or radioactive ) .
Massive famines , increased earthquakes , and more diseases will happen as birth pangs of a woman .
Those left alive will have opportunities to receive Jesus through the preaching of 144,000 male , virgin Jews ; however , death by decapitation lies ahead for most that put their trust in Jesus , unless they renounce their faith .
There will also be many false Christs and false prophets .
A one - world , false religion that God calls MYSTERY , BABYLON THE GREAT , THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH will increase .
This religion has existed for hundreds of years and exists today .
The nations of the world have become intoxicated with her false teachings .
The temple in Jerusalem will be rebuilt .
About 3 ½ years from the end of the Tribulation , the Antichrist ( also called the beast ) is killed with a wound in the head by a weapon , but his deadly wound will be healed .
He will come back to life .
He then declares himself to be God and moves into the temple in Jerusalem .
A false prophet appears that will do great wonders .
The sacrifices at the temple will be stopped .
The abomination of desolation occurs .
An image of the Antichrist will be set on a wing of the temple .
Those that refuse to worship it will be beheaded .
The elect born - again Jews now flee for their lives to a place where God will hide them and take care of them during the last three and a half years .
Power is given to the Antichrist over all kindreds , and tongues , and nations .
All that dwell on the earth shall worship the Antichrist , whose names are not written in the Lamb 's book of life .
During these last three and a half years ( called the Great Tribulation ) , world conditions will continue to worsen .
A one - world system will exist .
The Antichrist shall make war against the saints and will overcome them .
People will be required to take the mark of the Antichrist or the number of his name ( 666 ) in or on their forehead or right hand .
If they , refuse they can not buy or sell .
Two prophets of God will appear .
One of them is Elijah .
Their ministry lasts 1260 days .
They warn people not to take the mark or worship the image .
There is no forgiveness from God afterward for those that do .
They will go to the eternal lake of fire .
These two witnesses have the power to shut up heaven so that it does not rain .
They have the power to bring all kinds of plagues on the earth .
Multitudes will be slain for the Word of God .
Some type of locusts will sting men with a sting like a scorpion .
It will be so bad that men will seek death and shall not find it .
There will be terrible sores upon men .
The rivers and fountains will become blood .
Men will be scorched with great heat .
Earthquakes and diseases continue to get worse and worse .
Two hundred million troops will march to Israel from the east and cross the dried up Euphrates River .
One - third more of the earth 's population will be killed .
After the 1260 days , the two prophets of God will be killed .
People will rejoice , but then after three and a half days , they will arise and ascend up to heaven as others watch .
Great fear falls on those that see this .
Men will be so terrified that their hearts will fail , as they consider what is about to happen .
Multitudes will hide in the rocks and say , " FALL ON US AND HIDE US FROM ... HIM ( Jesus ) … FOR THE GREAT DAY OF HIS WRATH IS COME ; AND WHO SHALL BE ABLE TO STAND ? " - Rev 6:16,17 .
IMMEDIATELY AFTER THE TRIBULATION of those days , the Battle of Armageddon explodes .
It lasts one day .
The kings and armies of the earth are gathered to make war against Jesus .
Jesus Christ returns as the King of kings and Lord of lords with all His saints .
If He had not returned exactly when He did , there should be no life left on earth .
The Antichrist and false prophet are cast alive into the lake of fire .
Satan is chained for one thousand years , so he can deceive the nations no longer till the thousand years be fulfilled .
Every force of nature is likely to be unleashed at once , including killer tornadoes , hurricanes , tidal waves , lightning encircling the earth , and the biggest earthquake in mankind 's history .
The cities and the mountains of the world will crumble .
The Bible tells that every island fled away .
The mountains were not found .
There is great hail out of heaven , every stone about the weight of 70 to l00 pounds .
The earth will move out of its place .
At the end of that one day , there are so few people left alive that a child could list them .
This may all sound like a fairy tale , but remember — from Israel 's rebirth to the Tribulation , there are about 365 prophecies .
Incredibly , nearly all have now been fulfilled .
In addition , there are over 10,000 prophecies in the Bible and every one up to this time has come true without a single exception .
THE FOOL HAS SAID IN HIS HEART THERE IS NO GOD - Ps 14:1 .
Whew ... ok , are you done yet ?
Even Friday the 13th Part IX was more believable .
ARE YOU READY TO MEET JESUS ?
We have proven that the Bible is God 's Word .
Now you are faced with a decision .
You have n't proven anything , except you are very deluded and / or very manipulative .
By the way , any of us who are skeptical are willing to meet Jesus at any time .
Produce his holy ass and we 'll go , " Hey Jesus , what 's happening ?
How come so many of your followers are super - nutty pseudo - psychopaths ?
How can you be son and god at the same time ?
How come the Bible , ' your word ' is so ridiculously obtuse and confusing ?
Who came up with the stupid idea of sacrificing an innocent person for the transgression of another ?
How can you claim we have ' free will ' if our only choice is you and heaven or eternal suffering in hell ?
How is that ' free will ? '
And why should I worship someone , who in one breath suggests they love me , but in another , says if I do n't follow his every whim , I will be forever tortured by fire ?
Hey Jesus , on second thought , KISS MY ASS !
Even if you do exist , my sense of ethics and morality forbid me from having any respect for you and what you stand for .
I do not think I should be cursed because a woman ate the wrong fruit off a tree 6000 + years ago .
Fuck you Jesus .
Fuck you .
Fuck the holy ghost .
Fuck your dad too . "
How 's that Bubba ?
Think your stupid diatribe has convinced me to believe in your magical sky fairy ?
No ?
Ok , keep going ...
Will you ignore what you have learned , or will you surrender your life to Jesus ?
If you had a sudden heart attack or the Rapture came in the next five minutes , are you sure you are ready to meet God ?
You may say , " I believe I 'm a good person .
I sing in the choir .
I attend church and give offerings . "
The Bible says all of your righteous deeds ARE AS FILTHY RAGS .
You may be religious and go to church , but if you died right now — you would perish to hell .
Why ?
Because you have not been born - again .
You may say , " Well my church never preaches like this . "
Will you trust your religion or what the Bible says ?
If you choose not to accept God 's way to enter heaven , then you are choosing eternal separation from God .
Some of us are immune to the theist fear tactics .
There 's a reasonable way to look at this whole creator / afterlife question , and that 's objectively based on what we know about life , history , science , psychology , physics , the universe , etc .
Thousands of years ago , people thought lightning was the god Zeus waving his scepter .
They thought the sun god carried the sun in a flaming chariot across the sky each day .
Do you think that now ?
These gods also had punishments and rules and regulations , none of which would be followed today .
In fact , they'd be laughed at , not unlike how I laugh at the goofy dogma , prophecies , rules and regulation the christian god ( or more appropriately the writers of the bible ) propose .
The dark ages are over .
We do not have to live in fear that some book , copied down through the ages and translated and re-translated , then assembled by a private church committed in the thirteenth century , really has that much to say about the afterlife , a creator , or any standard of morality .
The bible endorses everything from murder of disobedient children , to treating women as property and endorsing slavery .
Christians pick - and - choose parts of the bible while ignoring many others .
If you presented this documentation to a Christian and did n't let them know it involved their faith , they 'd immediately discount it for obvious reasons .
Why people suspend their sense of rational thought when it comes to god is a sad commentary on how little we have progressed as a species .
Sorry Bubba , I reject your diatribe .
I reject your god .
Your missive only served to further convince me that my point , of non-belief in this ridiculous dogma , is the more enlightened perspective .
I have no fear of heaven or hell or Jesus ' coming .
As a result , I do n't have to attend church or read the bible or pray daily to re-affirm my delusion which defies the face of reality each and every day I exist in this world .
You do , and I understand this fragile set of constructs holds your sense of self together .
I wish it were n't so .
Then maybe you would n't need to lie and mislead others to spread your " truth . "
CHICAGO , Nov. 6 — A school superintendent ’s decision to suspend , and perhaps expel , about two dozen students who took part in a protest against the Iraq war at a suburban high school drew criticism Tuesday from the students and their parents , who demanded that their children be allowed to return to classes .
In a statement issued after the protest on Thursday at Morton West High School in Berwyn , a working - class suburb just west of Chicago , the district superintendent , Ben Nowakowski , said the school ’s reaction had to do only with the interruption of the school day , not with the students expressing themselves .
The administration “ did not say that the students could not protest , ” Dr. Nowakowski ’s statement said .
“ Rather , we asked that the students simply move their protest to an area of the school that would not disrupt the ability of the other 3,400 - plus students at Morton West to proceed with their normal school day . ”
Dr. Nowakowski did not return repeated calls seeking comment Tuesday .
But several students said the protesters , whose numbers had dwindled to about 25 , obeyed the administration ’s request to move from a high - traffic area in the cafeteria to a less - crowded hall near the principal ’s office .
There , they intertwined arms , sang along to an acoustic guitar and talked about how the war was affecting the world , said Matt Heffernan , a junior who took part .
Mr Cameron said the PM should " stop and think " about policy
At prime minister 's questions , the Tory leader said the data problems should cause Mr Brown to " stop and think " .
But the prime minister told MPs that using biometric profiles would ensure " people can feel confident that their identity is protected " .
All UK passport applicants are due to be issued with ID cards from 2010 .
' Appalling blunder '
The government says ID cards will help protect people from identity fraud , tackle illegal immigration , stop people who are not eligible from using public services and disrupt criminals and terrorist activities .
But the Tories and Lib Dems say they threaten individual liberties , will be open to fraud and will cost too much .
Wo n't they see a prime minister who tries to control everything but actually can't run anything
David Cameron
Fresh questions about the scheme have been asked after the revelation that two computer discs containing millions of people 's names , addresses and bank details had been lost by HM Revenue and Customs .
Mr Cameron said : " If the prime minister really wants to learn some lessons from this , will he recognise this appalling blunder comes at a time when the government is planning a national identity register , to bring together private and personal details of every single person in this country ?
" Will the events of the last few days cause the prime minister to stop and think about this policy ?
People were " desperately worried " , he said , adding : " They will find it truly bizarre .
" They 'll find it weird that , frankly , the prime minister does n't want to stop and think about the dangers of a national identity register .
" Wo n't people think that he 's completely lost touch with reality , he 's demonstrating no common sense at all ?
" Wo n't they see a prime minister who tries to control everything but actually can't run anything ? "
' Support '
Mr Brown replied that 22 out of 25 European countries had ID cards .
He added that Mr Cameron 's " own security adviser proposes identity cards .
His own reviewer of the national police force - the border force - says he 's in favour of identity cards " .
" What we 've got to ensure is that identity fraud is avoided and the way to avoid identity fraud is to say that - where people have passport information - then we will have the biometric support that is necessary so that people can feel confident that their identity is protected . "
But Labour MP Karen Buck , a member of the Commons home affairs committee , called for a " pause " on progress with ID cards .
She told BBC Radio 4's The World at One : " The worst thing in the world would be to plough on and say ' We 're going ahead with this ' until we have had a chance for proper reflection and measure where public opinion stands when this has calmed down . "
Fellow Labour MP
Andy Love , who sits on the Treasury committee : " It is sensible in the circumstances to stand back for a while . "
' Disasters '
On Tuesday , acting Lib Dem leader Vince Cable said : " After this disaster how can the public possibly have confidence in the vast centralised databases needed for the compulsory ID card scheme ?
" Where does the buck stop after this catalogue of disasters ? "
The national co-ordinator of the NO2ID campaign against identity cards , Phil Booth , said : " This data disaster shows up the madness behind the government 's ID schemes .
" It 's bad enough that HMRC can't be trusted with basic financial details .
But within five years the Home Office could be leaking or losing people 's complete identity records . "
Biometric cards will be brought in for foreign nationals from next year .
The projected cost of the identity card scheme will be £ 5.612bn over the next 10 years , the Home Office said earlier this month .
Order the drinks of the stars - exclusively from Urban Drinks
At Urban Drinks , you can find the favourite 's of the stars .
We offer an extensive range of spirits in our online shop , which in some cases are available exclusively in Europe from us .
We always observe the celebrities ' preferences and keep an eye on the latest trends .
Whether Jay - Z favours a new champagne , Jennifer Lopez is in love with a new whisky , or Snoop Dogg is excited about a new cognac - Urban Drinks is the place where you will find these products .
In our champagne , cognac , liqueur , rum , tequila , vodka , and whisky categories , we offer today 's hottest quality brands at fair prices .
When visiting our website , you will find not only proven classic brands like Hennessy , Rémy Martin , and Moët & Chandon , but also current top brands like Ciroc , Grey Goose , and Patrón , as well as brands still considered insiders ' tips like Landy , Rhythm , or Ty - Ku .
In addition , we offer a fine selection of exclusive beer brands and soft drinks .
Also , we recommend that you take a look at our Specials category : here we constantly put together interesting product bundles .
Besides brand - specific packages at preferential prices like the " Ciroc Quartet " or " Double Henny " , you will find the stars ' very own drink creations , like " Thug Passion " , the famous drink created by rap legend 2 Pac .
To sum up : whether you want to party like Beyoncé , Diddy , Lady Gaga , Dr. Dre , and Paris Hilton , or you are just looking for special , original drinks which are not available at every corner store - Urban Drinks is the place to go !
We offer free shipping for orders within Germany sent by DHL for orders over 100 Euros .
Express delivery is also available .
Please contact us with any queries you may have .
We hope that you have enjoyed shopping at Urban Drinks !
Measuring 6000 square meters , this gigantic LCD screen , powered by Electrosonic VECTOR ( image processing ) and HD Players , is claimed to be the world ’s largest .
When not in use , the screens function as a background for lighting effects .
It ’s located in Beijing , at “ The Place ” .
Video after the break .
Click here for more pictures .
( Thanks , Jackson )
Published online 13 June 2007 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news070611-4
News
It 's not just animals that can tell siblings from strangers .
Do I know you ?
Plants grow stronger , more selfish roots when around strangers .
© 2006 Louis - M. Landry
Telling apart relatives from strangers is crucial in many animal species , helping them to share precious resources or avoid inbreeding .
Now it seems that plants can perform the same trick .
Plants have already been shown to compete with others — of their own kind or of another species — when sharing space .
For example , they sometimes choose to invest more energy in sprouting roots when they have nearby competition for water and nutrients .
Now , Susan Dudley and Amanda File of McMaster University in Ontario , Canada , have shown that plants grown alongside unrelated neighbours are more competitive than those growing with their siblings — ploughing more energy into growing roots when their neighbours do n't share their genetic stock .
Plants ' know ' more about their environment than they are often given credit for : they can sense the presence of neighbouring plants through changes in water or nutrients available to them or through chemical cues in the soil , and can adjust their own growth accordingly .
" That plants have a secret social life is something well known to plant ecologists , " says Dudley .
“ Plants have a secret social life . ” Susan Dudley , McMaster University , Ontario , Canada
But the ability to recognize kin has not been demonstrated before .
To get their results , Dudley and File grew batches of a beach - dwelling plant , the Great Lakes sea rocket ( Cakile edentula ) , in pots of four , either with specimens from the same maternal family or from several different families .
Those growing with strangers had a greater mass of roots after two months of growing than those sharing pots with siblings .
The work appears online in Biology Letters1 .
Family ties
How the plants work out who 's who is still a mystery .
Dudley suggests that a protein or chemical signal specific to each plant 's family might be secreted and detected by other roots in the nearby area .
ADVERTISEMENT
It is possible that plants use something similar to the immune system in animals to sense others around them , says Ariel Novoplansky , a plant biologist at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev , Israel .
In animals , kin recognition is often accomplished using specific immune proteins that disclose an individual 's genetic make - up .
If such specific molecules are being emitted from plant roots , and if the roots are close enough to each other , this might allow them to make similar distinctions .
But Novoplansky is quick to add that this is pure guess - work .
He runs into the same problem in his own work , on how plants tell the difference between themselves and others .
" At this point I can not imagine a mechanism by which this could happen , " he says .
" Nothing of this sort has been found before . "
Visit our cantellwhoswho.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
Video : Researchers from Yale University showed babies puppet shows involving helping and hindering blocks to see if the infants could judge character .
Babies are good judges of character long before they learn to speak , according to a new study .
Infants as young as six months preferred characters which helped rather than hindered others in a simple puppet show .
Researchers say the findings reveal that humans begin making social evaluations far earlier than previously thought .
“ This is the very first experiment in anywhere near this age that shows babies develop preferences for individuals based on their actions , ” says Karen Wynn at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut , US , who led the study .
Advertisement
Wynn and her colleagues studied the reactions of infants to a sketch in which a brightly coloured wooden block with goggly eyes attempts to climb up a hill .
Much like in a puppet show , the infant could not see the person behind a curtain who controlled the character ’s movement with a wooden stick .
Understood intent
Along with the wooden character attempting to climb the hill in tiny increments , a helper block was also involved at the bottom of the slope , which pushed the main character up the track from time to time .
Additionally , another wooden block positioned at the top of the hill occasionally came down to hinder the upward movement of the first block .
The blocks had different shapes and colours to help the babies distinguish one piece from another .
But the scientists controlled for these attributes by varying them from trial to trial .
After the show , the researchers brought out the helper block and the hinderer block on a platter and placed it in front of the infants .
A colleague who did not see the skit , and did not know the role of each block in the performance , recorded how the babies interacted with the objects .
Wynn says that the infants are very willing to reach out for one of the blocks , an action that indicated their preference : “ They ’re very cooperative in grabbing things . ”
She says that all 12 of the six - month - olds preferred the helper block .
Similarly , 14 out of the 16 infants aged 10 months reached for the helper block .
The researchers believe that the babies understand the intent of the middle block to climb the mountain because of its small incremental movements in that direction .
Wynn adds , though , that it is not clear how the babies pick up on this .
“ We do n’t know exactly which micro-cues the babies pick up on , ” she explains .
Early preference
Her team conducted a control experiment in which the main character – a small ball – was pushed up and down by the helper and hinderer blocks , but did not move independently .
In this case the babies showed no preference for the helpful character that provided an uphill push .
Wynn notes that earlier studies have shown that babies have shown a preference for beautiful faces .
She believes the results from her study indicate that babies have a preference for helpful individuals about a year earlier than previously thought .
“ They are an unbiased third party and they are not at all shy about rendering a judgement on social actions , ” she says , adding that this tendency appears early in development because it is a strongly advantageous trait later in life .
Maria Legerstee , a child development expert at York University in Toronto , Canada , says the results of the study are “ very interesting ” but is not certain whether babies evaluate the actions of people the same way they judge the actions of wooden blocks .
She notes that infants interact differently with people compared with objects such as dolls :
“ The babies will always respond more to a person with smiles and vocalisations than to the doll . ”
Legerstee hopes the experiment will be repeated using another skit involving human actors rather than wooden blocks .
By altering the people who play the role of helpers and hinderers the scientists can control for confounding factors , such as babies preferences for attractive people .
Journal reference : Nature ( DOI : 10.1038/nature06288 )
Originally Posted by public_void Originally Posted by
I never said you should call exit ( ) .
I agree you should not call exit ( ) in a library .
However you could put error handling code in xmalloc meaning you do n't have to put that code throughout your program .
The error handling code may be simple such as printing to stderr .
Despite having to check the return value of xmalloc , the point is to not to have code repetition to handle the same error after every call .
Simply put , this is the most creative use of lasers outside of tech that we ’ve come across .
Continue reading to watch the video .
Published online 29 November 2007 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2007.312
News
Researchers discover how wasps ' venom makes roaches their slaves .
Sting in the brain : a toxic injection renders cockroaches submissive .
Libersat
Researchers have worked out the neurological trick used by a species of wasp to turn cockroaches into ' zombie slaves ' .
The discovery explains why , once stung , cockroaches can be led by a much smaller master towards certain death .
Researchers have proven their theory by replicating the effect , and by using an antidote injection to release the cockroaches from their zombie state .
Zombie insects might sound like the B - movie plot device from heaven ( or hell , depending on your cinematic preferences ) .
But to the emerald cockroach wasp ( Ampulex compressa ) , they 're a tried and tested way to provide food for their hungry larvae .
The wasp , which lives in tropical regions of Africa , India and the Pacific Islands , relies on cockroaches for its grisly life cycle .
But unlike many venomous predators , which paralyse their victims before eating them or dragging them back to their lair , the wasp 's sting leaves the cockroach able to walk , but unable to initiate its own movement .
The wasp then grabs the cockroach 's antenna and leads it back to the nest .
The cockroach walks " like a dog on a leash " , says Frederic Libersat of Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Israel , who led the research and has previously described the wasps ' behaviour in detail .
Once home , the merciless wasp lays an egg on the docile cockroach 's belly , and the larva , once hatched , devours the hapless insect ( see video movieshort. mpg " >
Wasp voodoo rituals and cockroach zombies in the French Polynesian Islands ) .
Toxic cocktail
But although the zombie cockroach phenomenon has been well documented , Libersat and his colleagues still did n't know how exactly the wasps pull off the trick .
" We know the wasp injects a rich cocktail of toxins , " Libersat says .
But it was unclear how the venom could alter the victims ' behaviour so subtly .
The researchers knew that the wasps tend to sting the cockroaches once to subdue them , then adminster another , more precise sting right into their victim 's brain .
So they suspected that the venom might work by blocking a key chemical messenger .
ADVERTISEMENT
The results of their latest experiment , published in the Journal of Experimental Biology1 , support that theory .
The researchers report that the venom works to block a neurotransmitter called octopamine , which is involved in preparations to execute complex behaviours such as walking .
Libersat and his team found that they could restore spontaneous walking behaviour in stung cockroaches by giving them a compound that reactivates octopamine receptors in the insects ' central nervous system .
This , they conclude , means that the wasp venom probably blocks these receptors .
What 's more , the researchers discovered that injecting unstung cockroaches with a compound that blocks these receptors produced a similar effect to that of the venom .
UPDATE : Republican motion to recommit , effort to kill the bill , fails .
UPDATE : Barney just gave an amazing floor speech .
The video will be coming soon .
Wow , the Republicans truly are a twisted bunch .
They ’re arguing that a bill to outlaw job discrimination against gays will cause gay marriage .
So their amendment is to send the bill back to committee to clarify that the job discrimination bill does n’t legalize gay marriage .
Wow .
Hateful bunch , these Republicans .
They literally had no other argument against the bill .
All they can say is that it ’s a marriage bill .
A job discrimination bill is a marriage bill .
Wow .
And as an aside , it ’s always a special pleasure to see southern bigots leading the charge against a civil rights bill .
Ah Virginia , you ’re still for haters .
When it comes to creating energy you can't make something out of nothing , says the BBC newsreader , from behind the very important desk .
" Until now , because British scientists seem to have turned this fundamental law of physics upside down . "
The Mail on Sunday loved it too .
" Amazing British invention creates MORE energy than you put into it - and could soon be warming your home , " it said .
Taste the excitement .
" It violates almost every known law of physics . "
Well , that 'll teach those so - called scientists a lesson .
The device is a heating element made by a company called Ecowatts , and it is claimed to make more heat energy than you put into it .
Has anybody validated this claim ?
" Jim Lyons , of the University of York , independently evaluated the system , " says the Mail .
Oh .
He 's a " business development manager " in York 's enterprise and innovation office , although he does have a fun science hobby .
" As a member of the British Society of Dowsers , he undertakes research into the geo- and bio-physics of Earth energies .
His special research topic is the mechanism of dowsing , based on quantum ideas in consciousness studies . "
I contacted a working scientist who was previously reported - in the Telegraph in 2003 - to have independently validated a similar device from the same company .
He wishes to remain anonymous , because he is bored with getting long conspiracy theory emails from free - energy cranks , but he is now a leading electrochemistry researcher at a Russell Group university .
He was employed to do a single , very specific test , using measuring equipment provided by Ecowatts , and the conclusions in his report were very guarded : " Using the apparatus supplied by Gardner Watts and the procedures of analysis suggested by the company there appears [ my italics ] to be an energy gain in the system . "
Using the apparatus provided , it 's true , this scientist could get incredible results : the meters would read zero , and yet water would boil in around five minutes .
Because the meters provided were n't working .
The problem stems from the difference between measuring alternating current and direct current .
Stick with me , science is fun when you 're making people look stupid .
The meters he was given were to measure direct current : there was a diode in the circuit ( this is a " one way street " for electricity ) , so theoretically the current could only flow one way , making it DC .
Unfortunately , at high voltages the special , magic free energy cell went into " oscillation " : that meant that the current was alternating at high frequencies that were beyond the threshold of the diode , so beyond its ability to control the electrons .
Therefore the current could flow in both directions , therefore it was alternating current , and therefore the current measurement was invalid .
I speculate that the " inventor " made the same mistake , and I can honestly say I find the little histories of these devices fascinating .
Anyway , in these tests , the investigator saw the current steadily increase with applied voltage and then fall to almost zero as the system went in to oscillation .
An " energy gain , breaking the laws of physics , " was only recorded when the system was oscillating in such a way that the measurement of " energy going in " simply became invalid .
So did our man try measuring the current properly ?
Yes , he did .
He placed a magnetic choke on the system , which prevented the system going into oscillation and removed any energy gain , and also measured the ( large ) alternating current with his own meters in the circuit .
No energy gain .
· Please send your bad science to bad.science@theguardian.com
Extending Python with C : A case study
Near - 100 x speedup with a C extension
I recently wrote about an algorithm for fuzzy matching of substrings implemented in Python .
This is a feature that I needed for a piece of software I 'm currently developing .
When I started using the fuzzy_substring function on some test cases , however , it was unacceptably slow .
Using a modestly large test corpus and about 1,000 search terms , the function was taking about 30 seconds to run .
Since this needs to be run in response to a user query , 30 seconds was just too long to wait .
First attempt
The first thing I tried to get this running faster was psyco .
Merely by sticking a psyco.full( ) at the top of my script , the run time went down to 11 seconds .
A 3 x speedup for zero effort is pretty cool !
Pscyo rocks , but 11 seconds was still too slow .
So , I decided to bite the bullet and write this function as an extension module in C .
The C extension
I 'd never written a pure - C extension module before , and had n't touched C in about 10 years , so it was with some trepidation that I read the official docs on extending and embedding and an online tutorial by Michael Hudson .
It turned out to be incredibly easy .
I simply copied an example C file and setup.py from the docs , filled in my method , ran setup.py , and pow !
A shiny new subdist . pyd file !
Since I 'd already written the function in Python , it only took me about an hour to write it in C , and I could use the same unit tests to verify it .
Update : I 've set up a Web page for this module with code & binaries .
Benchmark
I ran a benchmark on the C extension versus the pure - Python version ( with and without psyco ) .
For the benchmark , I took 1,000 unique words from the Python 2.5 README file as my needles , and the 100th to 200th lines in this same file as my haystacks .
text = unicode ( open ( " / python25/readme.txt " ) . read ( ) )
sentences = text .
splitlines ( ) [ 100 : 200 ]
words = list ( set ( text .
split ( ) ) ) [ : 1000 ]
I then got the fuzzy substring match for each word against each of my " sentences . "
def time_func ( func , words , sentences ) :
start = time .
time ( )
for sentence in sentences :
for word in words :
func ( word , sentence )
return time .
time ( ) – start
The speedup
Each function was run 10 times ; here are the low , high , and median run times :
Low Median High Python 53.6410 s 54.6560 s 55.2190 s Python ( psyco ) 17.6100 s 17.7960 s 18.0620 s C 0.7030 s 0.7190 s 0.7340 s
Ratios
Python ( psyco ) to Python : 0.3256
C to Python ( psyco ) : 0.0404
C to Python : 0.0132
So the C extension is almost 100 times faster than the pure Python function , and over 20 times faster than Python with psyco , all for an hour 's work .
Not too shabby !
There are actually a couple more tricks I could have used in the C code to get a further 10 % to 30 % speedup ( e.g. not calculating the lower left and upper right corners ) , but it 's already fast enough for my purposes .
If I need to squeeze out more speed in the future , I 'll add the somewhat obfuscating optimizations then .
Conclusion
Compiling extensions in C is incredibly easy , much easier than I expected .
Pure C is especially suited to cases like this , where you can immediately get away from Python objects and work with pure C data types .
Writing my fuzzy string matching algorithm as a C extension turned an algorithm that was sort of interesting into something that will actually be useful .
It 's fantastic to be able to get this kind of speedup on performance bottlenecks , yet still write 99 % of my code using pure Python .
Downloads
Downloads are available here .
All code and binaries are released under the MIT license .
Usage
from subdist import substring
print substring ( u " needle " , u " Find the needle in the haystack " )
Caveat :
The function only accepts Unicode strings , and will return an error if non-Unicode strings are passed in .
Over the last 30 years , China ’s economy has grown at an average annualized rate of nearly 10 % .
While this statistic alone is jaw - dropping , what is more impressive is the extent to which the nominally Communist country ’s economy has become intertwined in the global economy .
China now exerts enormous influence over the economies of virtually every country in the world , and a slight change in its domestic economic policy has the potential to send shockwaves rippling throughout the world .
Nowhere is this more apparent - and frightening - then in China ’s economic relationship with the United States , which is very much at the mercy of China when it comes to prices , wages , interest rates , most importantly , the value of the Dollar .
The precariousness of this relationship is already the subject of significant publicity , redolent of the Japanaphobia of the 1980 ’s that saw American economists scare - mongering about Japanese control of the US economy .
[ Of course this later turned out to be unfounded , but that is beyond the scope of our discussion . ]
With regard to China , most of the analysis is focused on its growing foreign exchange reserves , the majority of which are held in Dollar - denominated assets .
This article will go beyond forex reserves and discuss several other facets of China ’s economy .
From US house prices to global commodity prices , from interest rates to inflation rates , we will explore how China could cripple the US economy , both willfully and unintentionally , if so desired .
Forex Reserve Diversification
Let ’s begin with an examination of China ’s forex reserves , which is probably China ’s biggest bargaining chip in its economic relationship with the US .
Up until two years ago , China ’s currency , the RMB or Yuan , was pegged to the Dollar .
As with any peg , there often develops a discrepancy between the fixed value of the currency and the value that the market would assign if the currency were permitted to float .
As China ’s economy surged ahead , especially over the last five to ten years , tremendous pressure began to build under the RMB .
In order to maintain the peg and hold down the value of the RMB , China began accumulating foreign exchange reserves by withdrawing foreign currency from circulation .
Today , China ’s foreign exchange reserves are massive , at $ 1.4 trillion as of September 2007 .
In the eyes of American policy - makers , this presents a problem because the majority of these reserves are held in Dollar - denominated assets , namely in the form of US Treasury securities .
The US government theoretically could not be happier that foreign Central Banks are willing to finance its perennial budget deficits .
However , this borrowing has reached a point where foreigners now control over 40 % of the US national debt .
Moreover , long - term US interest rates are market - driven , based on the buying and selling of US government bonds .
In other words , the US has gradually ceded control of its long - term interest rates to foreign Central Banks , namely China and Japan .
As the Dollar has depreciated over the last five years , many Central Banks have begun “ diversifying ” their forex reserves , by switching from Dollar assets to assets denominated in other currencies .
This is problematic for the Dollar for two reasons .
First , switching from US assets to European assets , for example , directly causes the Dollar to depreciate .
Second , the bulk sale of US treasury securities ( whether or not they are replaced with other US - assets ) causes US bond prices to decline and hence , yields to increase .
Thus , if China suddenly decided to diversify its reserves , for economic and / or political reasons , it could potentially crash the Dollar and send US long - term interest rates skyward .
Since mortgage rates are tied directly to government bond yields , a rise in interest rates would probably also affect US real estate prices .
Higher interest rates would make borrowing for a home more difficult , which would lower the demand for houses and thus , the value of American real estate .
In fact , China recently created the China Investment Co. Ltd. , capitalized with almost $ 300 Billion , charged with investing its vast forex reserves in higher - yielding assets .
However , the company ’s inaugural investment was a stock purchase in the Blackstone group , an American private equity firm .
Thus , while it seems likely that China will gradually discard some of its stock of US Treasury Securities , the affect on the value of the Dollar will be minimal .
Besides , while China would certainly punish US businesses and consumers by unloading US Treasuries on the market , it would punish itself even more , since the value of the government bonds that it did n’t sell would decline .
In short , it seems China will probably hold off on exercising its “ nuclear option ” for the time being .
Currency Manipulation
The second aspect of the China - US economic relationship which China could wield to its advantage is the RMB , itself .
American public officials enjoy criticizing China for failing to allow its currency to appreciate more quickly .
In fact , there is a bill that has been lying dormant in the US Congress , which threatens to slap a massive across - the - board tariff on all Chinese imports if China fails to allow the RMB to appreciate adequately against the Dollar .
What policymakers do n’t realize is that a rapid appreciation in the RMB would actually harm the US economy .
Coupled with its growing role as the world ’s factory , China ’s cheap currency has made Americans wealthier , by increasing their purchasing power .
As production of labor - intensive goods was outsourced to China over the last decade , prices for finished products began to fall both in real terms and in nominal terms .
While the effect on US employment trends is debatable , its effect on prices has been unambiguous .
Thus , even while the American economy boomed , inflation remained relatively modest by historical standards .
This allowed the Federal Reserve Board to hold interest rates down and foment economic growth .
As the RMB appreciates , Chinese producers will become ever - more forced to pass along some of the price increase to consumers .
Now , if China was to suddenly revalue its currency by the 25%- 30 % that western policy - makers are demanding , prices on a whole host of Chinese products would jump up overnight .
This would adversely affect American purchasing power and limit consumption to such an extent that the US would be in danger of slipping into recession .
While the trade deficit that is the bane of American politicians ’ existence might decrease in the long - term , it would skyrocket in the short - term .
Besides , as many analysts have been quick to point out , there is not much overlap between Chinese and American production .
Thus , a more expensive Yuan would send production to other parts of Asia , rather than back to America .
While the US - China trade deficit might narrow , it would be offset by increased imbalance with the rest of Asia .
Just like with the case of its foreign exchange reserves , however , China is unlikely to exercise this option because it would deal equal harm to itself .
China ’s ruling Communist party derives most of its legitimacy from the strength of its economy , and especially exports .
If a more expensive Yuan forced producers to relocate to other parts of Asia , it would certainly spell trouble for the CCP !
Direct Competition with US Exporters
A more potent ( and plausible ) weapon would be to compete more directly with US exporters , by expanding into high - technology products .
Currently , China specializes in manufacturing labor - intensive products , which have long since been manufactured outside of the United States .
As previously stated , a revaluation of the Chinese Yuan would surely not return production to the US .
However , if China were to expand into capital - intensive and / or high - technology products , it could easily steal marketshare and jobs from the US .
Limiting the Importation of US Products
Of course , there is also the imports side of the trade equation .
China is quickly becoming one of the United States ’ largest export markets ; limiting the importation of US goods and services would certainly be felt in the US .
In fact , China already requires multinational companies in many industries to form joint ventures with Chinese companies in order to produce and / or sell their wares in China .
Other anti-competitive measures include tariffs , import taxes , quotas , or a simple ban on the importation of certain types of products .
Each would have a devastating impact on the US trade deficit with China and would probably result in retaliatory sanctions by the US .
Wage Pressure
Next , there is the impact that China has exerted on global wages .
When Deng XiaoPing ’s famous tour of the South in 1979 ignited three decades of dizzying growth , hundreds of millions of Chinese were added to the global labor pool overnight .
Yet , the majority of China ’s population remains concentrated in rural areas .
In fact , there are perhaps 500 million Chinese peasants that have yet to join the modern labor force , which means the full effect of China ’s economic explosion has yet to be fully realized by the rest of the world .
Already , there is no hope of unskilled work that has already been outsourced returning to the US .
If / when China begins to expand into the production of high - technology goods and more complex services , it will encroach on the territory of American businesses .
Unfortunately for the US , China will likely make these undercapitalized sectors of its economy more of a priority in its next five year plan .
One popular method for estimating GDP is the income approach , which as its name suggests , represents a summation of the reported incomes of a given country ’s domestic population .
Logic dictates that downward pressure on the wages of skilled American workers would negatively impact US GDP , and at the very least , would curtail the purchasing power of American consumers .
This would also limit US exports to China , since Chinese would have homegrown alternatives to choose from .
Raw Material Pricing
In addition , there is the impact that China ’s economic growth has exerted on global raw material prices .
It has been said that 25 % of the world ’s construction cranes are currently located in China , to support the country ’s building boom .
These massive development and infrastructure projects require proportionally massive quantities of raw materials , namely cement and steel .
Unfortunately , China is especially inefficient at converting raw materials into finished products .
Combined with the CCP ’s emphasis on the near - term ( which inherently prioritizes low cost over efficiency ) , this is placing a tremendous strain on global energy supplies , driving prices skyward .
Competition for Energy
The global prices for oil and coal are already at record highs and China only consumes 1/15 the amount of per-capita energy as the US !
Chinese energy companies are becoming increasingly visible , scouring the globe for stable supplies of energy and often coming head - to - head with American energy companies .
Conveniently , China does not recognize the ethical issues which arise from purchasing energy from dictatorships and corrupt regimes , whereas US companies are limited from doing business in these places .
From Sudan to Myanmar to Kazakhstan , Chinese companies have set up join ventures where US companies could not .
While energy prices have certainly risen in the US , they have not kept pace with global energy prices .
In this way , China is able to ensure that its citizens and its businesses have the oil , coal , and natural gas that they require , while their American counterparts may be forced to conserve .
Two years ago , the Chinese National Offshore Oil Company ( CNOOC ) attempted to purchase an American energy company , Unocal , for over $ 18 Billion .
However , the deal was blocked by the US Congress , which feared Unocal ’s energy reserves would be supplied to China at the expense of Americans .
It did not help CNOOC ’s case that 70 % of the Company was effectively owned by the CCP .
Needless to say , Chinese government officials were not happy with the outcome ; ( Unocal was ultimately sold to Chevron for a lower price ) .
China has already shown its willingness to use extreme tactics to secure an adequate energy supply .
It seems reasonable to expect its energy policy will continue to oppose and inconvenience the US .
Conclusion
In short , China has several economic “ weapons ” at its disposal for countering the US , ranging from the manipulation of its currency to the diversification of its burgeoning stock of forex reserves .
It also has several less blunt options to choose from , such as enabling Chinese companies to compete more directly and effectively with US companies , and opposing the US in securing a domestic energy supply .
On all of these fronts , the US is essentially being held hostage , since it has become so dependent on China as the world ’s factory .
Ultimately , it seems unlikely that China will deliberately butt heads with the US unless it is first provoked , but America should nonetheless be on its guard , since its economy hangs in the balance .
Britons are being targeted by an internet company offering the organs of dead prisoners in a trade condemned as ' disgusting ' by surgeons
Kidney patients who need a transplant in Britain are being targeted by a medical group offering them new organs taken from executed Chinese prisoners .
The horrifying trade in human organs has been revealed by British surgeons who say patients are being tempted abroad , but may not fully understand the dangers or the human suffering behind the transplant operation .
It is thought that as many as 10 British patients may have gone to China this year to receive a new kidney , at a cost of £ 23,000 .
One UK patient was believed to be recovering this weekend at a hospital in southern China following such a transplant .
The internet company transplantsinternational.com makes it clear that the organs are from prisoners who are about to be executed .
The prisoners apparently give their consent and are told that their families will receive money for the ' donation ' .
Under the heading ' Where do kidneys come from ? ' , the company states : ' A cadaveric kidney comes from a dead person and in the majority of cases in China , the dead people are prisoners , which allows for us to know at least two weeks ahead of time when the kidney will be ready . '
It also makes clear that before the death , blood samples are taken from prisoners to ensure they will be the perfect match for their Western beneficiaries .
' All donors are screened to prevent any disease transmission and the prisoners consent to organ donation .
Unlike in some Western countries , the prisoners can receive money for their organs . '
Dr Peter Andrews , a consultant nephrologist from St Helier Hospital in Surrey , said : ' In the past 18 months we 've had at least five patients say they are considering this .
Five years ago , it would have been unheard of . '
Another doctor , Professor Stephen Wigmore , head of transplantation surgery at University Hospital Birmingham Trust , said that recently one of his patients had gone some way towards preparing for a liver transplant in China , before deciding against it .
Doctors in Oxford , Nottingham and Sussex have reported similar cases , according to Hospital Doctor magazine .
Prof Nadey Hakim , head of transplantation surgery at Imperial College London , said : ' It is so disgusting it is hard to know how any doctor can take part in this trade .
' Of course people become desperate for a new kidney - but do they realise what this trade is like ?
I first heard about it a few years ago from a Chinese doctor and I could n't believe it .
Would anyone want to receive an organ from someone who died in this way ? '
Hakim also has worries about other kinds of transplants carried out in China .
' We know that they have done around 10 arm transplants so far , and I was told that these donors are also prisoners .
It raises many difficult ethical issues . '
The kidney transplants are carried out at the Southern Hospital in Guangzhou by Dr Lixing Yu , who has performed thousands of kidney transplants over the past 30 years .
According to the website , he specialises in research on the long - term survival of patients and has received more than 19 national awards for his work .
Earlier this month , China broke its silence on the issue to admit that organs of executed prisoners were sold to foreigners for transplantation .
Huang Jiefu , the deputy prime minister , admitted that the practice is widespread , but said they wanted to tighten the rules .
' We want to push for regulations on organ transplants to standardise the management of the supply of organs from executed prisoners and tidy up the medical market , ' Mr Huang told Caijing magazine .
In the genteel world of bridge , disputes are usually handled quietly and rarely involve issues of national policy .
But in a fight reminiscent of the brouhaha over an anti-Bush statement by Natalie Maines of the Dixie Chicks in 2003 , a team of women who represented the United States at the world bridge championships in Shanghai last month is facing sanctions , including a yearlong ban from competition , for a spur - of - the - moment protest .
At issue is a crudely lettered sign , scribbled on the back of a menu , that was held up at an awards dinner and read , “ We did not vote for Bush . ”
By e-mail , angry bridge players have accused the women of “ treason ” and “ sedition . ”
“ This is n’t a free - speech issue , ” said Jan Martel , president of the United States Bridge Federation , the nonprofit group that selects teams for international tournaments .
“ There is n’t any question that private organizations can control the speech of people who represent them . ”
Not so , said Danny Kleinman , a professional bridge player , teacher and columnist .
“ If the U.S.B.F. wants to impose conditions of membership that involve curtailment of free speech , then it cannot claim to represent our country in international competition , ” he said by e-mail .
The new cafe offers more traditional Chinese fare
The new cafe will serve both coffee and traditional Chinese tea , China 's state media said .
The Starbucks outlet was forced to close in July , having long been accused of tarnishing the historical site .
The shop , which opened in 2000 , sought to quell the protests two years ago by removing its distinctive signage .
But the move failed to satisfy its critics .
An online campaign earlier this year led by a state television personality drew more than 500,000 signatures .
Top attraction
State media said the Forbidden City Cafe would be run by officials in charge of the site , and would feature traditional Chinese wooden furniture and paintings as well as beverages .
" We want to provide tourists with a package of products relating to the Imperial Palace and Chinese culture , " Li Wenru , deputy curator of the Forbidden City , was quoted as saying .
Starbucks was accused of trampling on Chinese culture
The Forbidden City was built in 1420 and was home to 24 emperors until the end of imperial rule in 1911 .
It attracted nearly nine million visitors last year , is China 's top tourist attraction and a Unesco World Heritage site .
TV anchor Rui Chenggang , who led the campaign to shut down Starbucks , said its presence " undermined the solemnity of the Forbidden City and trampled on Chinese culture " .
Seattle - based Starbucks had been told it could stay open if it sold other brands , but declined and said the decision had been " very congenial " .
Last updated at 09:13 03 December 2007
Thousands of Islamic fanatics wielding clubs and knives are marching through the streets of Khartoum demanding the execution of teddy bear teacher Gillian Gibbons .
As the mother - of - two started a 15 - day prison term , protestors left mosques across the Sudanese capital to denounce the " lenient verdict " and call for the death penalty .
• SIGN OUR ONLINE PETITION TO FREE GILLIAN GIBBONS HERE
Scroll down for more ...
The mob descended on Matyrs Square , which is in front of the presidential palace , many arriving in pick - up trucks with loudspeakers blaring messages condemning Miss Gibbons .
Hundreds of riot police had been deployed but they made no attempt to disrupt the rally .
" Shame , shame on the U.K. , " protesters chanted , " as they called for Miss Gibbons ' execution , saying , " No tolerance : Execution , " and " Kill her , kill her by firing squad . "
Others shouted : " Those who insult the Prophet of Islam should be punished with bullets . "
Many were brandishing pictures of the teacher - which some symbolically burnt .
Back in the UK , Miss Gibbon 's distraught daughter Jessica had left a simple message on her mother 's MySpace web page saying " I love you mum xxxxxx "
She also lists Miss Gibbon 's as one of her heroes .
Scroll down for more ...
The chaotic scenes in Sudan followed escalating international tensions after a judge jailed Miss Gibbons , who allowed her pupils to call a teddy bear Mohammed , yesterday .
The Archbishop of Canterbury has led mounting criticism of Sudan following her conviction for insulting Islam .
Rowan Williams launched a stinging attack on the decision , branding it " self - destructive absurdity " .
He said : " I can't see any justification for this at all .
I think this is an absurdly disproportionate response to what is at worst a cultural faux pas .
" I think that it has done the Sudanese government no credit whatever to allow
this prosecution to proceed .
" What I see in this situation is a sort of primitivist and crude application of
the law in a spirit of real insensitivity and self - destructive absurdity . "
Mother - of - two Miss Gibbons , 54 , escaped a flogging but must now endure 15 days in a notorious Sudan jail .
She will be incarcerated at the squalid Omdurman women 's prison in Khartoum , which is massively overcrowded and infested with mosquitoes .
British Muslim leaders have also criticised the jail sentence .
Dr Muhammad Abdul Bari , secretary - general of the Muslim Council of Britain branded the court decision a " gross over - reaction from Sudanese authorities " .
He said : " This case should have required only simple common sense to resolve .
It is unfortunate that the Sudanese authorities were found wanting in this most basic of qualities .
" Gillian should never have been arrested , let alone charged and convicted
of committing a crime .
We hope that Gillian will be able to return home
without much further delay . "
" The sentence is a mockery of justice and we consider Gillian to be a prisoner of conscience , " Mike Blakemore , of Amnesty International , added .
Malcolm Moss , a Tory member of the Commons foreign affairs committee , said : " This is disgraceful .
She only named a teddy bear and she is serving 15 days in jail .
" It is tokenism by the Sudanese government .
If they had really felt she had insulted Islam , they would have sentenced her to much longer .
It seems they are scoring points .
" Our government dithered over intervening and this is what happens .
We should have been a lot tougher , a lot sooner . "
Miss Gibbons , from Liverpool , was said to be " stunned " by the sentence imposed for insulting Islam - after which she will be deported from Sudan .
Last night , her conviction and punishment were furiously condemned and the Foreign Office was criticised for not fighting her case more forcefully .
Foreign Secretary David Miliband called in the Sudanese ambassador for the second time in hours last night to protest over the verdict .
He said : " We are extremely disappointed that the charges were not dismissed .
Scroll down for more ...
" Our clear view is that this is an innocent misunderstanding by a dedicated teacher .
Our priority now is to ensure Mrs Gibbons ' welfare and wellbeing . "
Mrs Gibbons 's MP , Louise Ellman , said : " I do realise that the sentence could have been harder , but 15 days in a jail in Sudan could be very , very harsh .
" I think there 's distress and anger and I can't see much positive that has come from this .
The sentence could have been harsher , but that 's not exactly a positive thing at all . "
The Omdurman prison where Mrs Gibbon will be locked up was built for 200 , but now houses 1,200 women and 300 children , most of the adults jailed for illegally brewing alcohol .
Last night , her son John said the family are struggling to take in the news of her punishment .
" It 's really difficult at the moment , my head is everywhere , " the 25 - year - old marketing consultant added .
" I do n't want the verdict to lead to any anti feeling towards Muslims .
Everyone has been very nice , but one of my fears , and I imagine my mother 's also , will be that this results in any sort of resentment towards Muslim people . "
He is hoping to visit his mother in jail and urged the Foreign Office to help speed up the visa process .
The Muslim Council of Britain called the sentence completely unjustified .
" I 'm utterly disappointed with this decision , " said the council 's Ibrahim Mogra .
" We have been calling on the Sudanese authorities to show leniency , that this was a case of an innocent oversight , a misunderstanding , and there was no need for this to be escalated . "
The verdict came at the end of a day of drama and farce in Khartoum that saw British diplomats initially prevented from entering the court .
Defence lawyers said they would appeal .
But with the Sudan authorities planning a major security operation today amid expected protests by hardline Islamic leaders urging tougher sentencing , there were fears the tactic could backfire .
British officials said they would be pressing for a reduction in sentence , and the five days Mrs Gibbons has already spent in custody might count against the 15 to be served .
The Sudanese authorities were also said to have started preparing deportation documents for this weekend , leading to speculation she could be freed as early as tomorrow .
Scroll down for more ...
Ali Mohammed Ajab , a member of her defence team , described the verdict as " very unfair " .
He said : " She apologised to the court - not that she had done something wrong - but said she was simply doing her job and did not mean any harm . "
Sudan 's top Muslim clerics had pressed their government to ensure the teacher was punished harshly , comparing her action to author Salman Rushdie 's " blasphemies " against the Prophet .
Mrs Gibbons , a divorced mother - of - two , was arrested on Sunday and on Wednesday charged with insulting Islam , inciting hatred and showing contempt for religious beliefs .
It came after seven - year - old pupils chose to call a teddy bear Mohammed at the Unity High School in Khartoum , where she had worked since August .
During the court case behind closed doors yesterday it was revealed that the school 's office assistant , Sara Khawad , had complained to the education authorities - leading to the teacher 's arrest .
In a statement read to court , Mrs Gibbons tearfully stressed she had not meant to cause offence and pointed out that it had been her pupils who had chosen the name .
Scroll down for more ...
There were four prosecution witnesses , and several spoke up for the defence .
Isam Abu Hasabu , chairman of Unity High School 's parent - teacher association , said : " The whole thing boiled down to a cultural misunderstanding .
In our culture , we do n't know the bear as a cuddly symbol of mercy . "
Other teachers said many parents had written to the school offering support .
The school 's Sudanese director , Robert Boulos , described Mrs Gibbons as " a marvellous teacher " , adding : " She was even training our other primary teachers and is an asset to the school . ' "
by on
As I ’ve written before , conservative pundits love Hillary Clinton and despise the party ’s liberal base .
While Karl Rove and George Bush have predicted that she will win the nomination , there ’s a more basic reason why the right would be content with a President Hillary Clinton .
It would not shift the political center of gravity , nor upset the current power structure where conservatives have flourished .
In his October 12 column for the Washington Post , neo -conservative Charles Krauthammer lauded Hillary Clinton ’s candidacy – calling her the “ Great Navigator . ”
Never mind the rhetoric that she currently gives to win the primary , he said , for Hillary ’s “ liberalism is redeemed by her ambition ; her ideology subordinate to her political needs . ”
While many liberals currently support Clinton , the right understands that – in a year where Democrats will probably win the Presidency – Hillary is the best that they can hope for .
Krauthammer begins his column by praising Bill Clinton ’s two main domestic accomplishments : welfare repeal and NAFTA , the latter of which he calls “ the crown jewel . ”
As Democrats like John Edwards have criticized the corporate - backed trade agreement and advocate its repeal , Hillary admits that NAFTA did not realize the promises that were made – and it should be reassessed every five years .
But do n’t worry , said Krauthammer .
Hillary did n’t exactly promise anything , and her artful statements – while appealing to the pro-labor base of the party – are capable of keeping NAFTA and other free trade agreements intact .
Reassessing NAFTA , he said , could be as benign as studying the impacts and creating a task force with no results .
The same goes for Iraq .
Hillary may have redeemed herself in the eyes of many liberals for initially supporting the War , but her rhetoric about bringing our troops home is ambiguous enough to keep the occupation far into her second term .
Hillary resisted opposing the War until it was politically inevitable ; and right now she wo n’t commit to firm deadlines that Democrats are clamoring for .
“ I could never vote for her , ” said Krauthammer , “ but I ( and others of my ideological ilk ) could live with her – precisely because she is so liberated from principle .
Her liberalism , like her husband ’s – flexible , disciplined , calculated , triangulated – always leaves open the possibility that she would do the right thing for the blessedly wrong ( self - interested , ambition - serving , politically expedient ) reason . ”
Would conservatives say the same about Edwards or Barack Obama ?
Of course not .
As Democrats who do n’t carry the Clinton - era baggage of triangulation , either candidate could be a genuine threat to the order that has kept Krauthammer – who appears regularly on Fox News – in positions of influence .
While Republicans are in disarray about their presidential candidates , they understand that Hillary is the best option to re-group their efforts and stage a comeback .
Krauthammer has covered politics for decades , and remembers how Bill Clinton gave Republicans much to cheer about .
Besides NAFTA and welfare repeal , Clinton signed the Freedom to Farm Bill , the Telecommunications Act ( which helped Clear Channel dominate the air waves ) , and the Helms - Burton Act .
He even signed the Defense of Marriage Act while denouncing it as gay bashing , but then advertised on Christian radio to brag how he supported it .
The right publicly hates Hillary – and every time that Karl Rove , Bill O’Reilly and others attack her it helps the party ’s liberal base rally around her candidacy .
It does n’t matter whether Hillary promises anything substantive that will undo the damage of the Reagan - Bush legacy , as long as it gives Democratic voters an opportunity to “ stick it ” to the right .
The fact that Hillary would be the first woman president only fuels the myth that she would be different , although it brings no guarantee of a more progressive future .
Conservatives like Krauthammer understand that , as America stands on the brink of a new progressive era , it would better serve their interests to have a President like Hillary who will appease the left with empty promises .
If the Democrats nominate somebody else , the new President could actually try to bring substantive change .
Hillary is a “ safe ” bet for them – since they know how much of a calculating opportunist she is , and how she has always avoided siding too much with liberals .
Two weeks ago , Senator Clinton voted for the Kyl - Lieberman Resolution – a neo-conservative bill that could lead us to preemptive war with Iran .
As the New York Times reported , Hillary did this because she has “ already shifted from primary mode to general election mode , when she must guard against critics from the right . ”
In other words , Hillary has already betrayed progressives – three months before the Iowa caucus – because they have let her off the hook so easily .
If she still had to fight Edwards and Obama for the Democratic nomination , she would not have voted for it .
But because she is such an opportunist , Hillary has moved on to co-opt Republicans on “ national security ” grounds so that Rudy Giuliani does n’t beat her on that issue in the general election .
Neo-cons could not be more pleased , and this is why they will continue to do what they can to make sure Hillary is the Democratic nominee .
The trouble with Krauthammer is that he jumped the gun with his candor .
Until the first primary votes are cast in Iowa , liberals are not supposed to know that the conservative political structure that has run the Beltway for decades would be happy with a President Hillary Clinton .
Which was Krauthammer ’s mistake .
But he probably assumes that the masses do n’t read his columns .
After all , he once wrote an op - ed in praise of low voter turnout , which shows his contempt for our democratic process .
Send feedback to paul@beyondchron.org
Filed under : Archive
A bigger display does n't automatically make that particular specification superior .
For those that want a cheap microlaptop , this Dell is just too big .
If they wanted to impress me , they 'd come out with a miniature computer with this same pricetag .
So far , the only really small laptop they have is also very expensive ( runs around and exceeds Macbook territory )
In July 2005 , OSNews reviewed the 1.0 version of what was then YellowTAB Zeta .
I concluded : “ I have a clear - cut impression of what Zeta R1 is : it is by far the best ‘ distribution ’ of BeOS currently available .
The hardware support is , when compared to r5 , significantly better .
Stability - wise , Zeta R1 is a huge leap forward when compared to older versions .
Some areas still need work ; but they are mostly minor things , nothing that will stop you from using this operating system as your full - time , primary system . ”
A lot has changed over the past 15 months ; YellowTAB went belly - up , Magnussoft took over the development of Zeta , and to top it off , Zeta went multiuser .
Not too long ago , Mangussoft released Zeta 1.5 ; here is my review .
As most of you will know , I am a huge fan of the BeOS .
I still find that , relatively speaking , the BeOS is the best operating system ever designed .
The addition of ‘ relatively speaking ’ is of course vital , since there is no way the original BeOS , Haiku , or Zeta can stand up to the behemoths of the desktop operating system world like Windows , OS X , and Linux .
Therefore , I find comparing Zeta to these operating systems a pointless exercise ; Zeta ( or r5 for that matter ) will suck compared to these two .
Hence , you must review Zeta in the proper context .
The development team behind Zeta is small ( I would hazard a guess that the design team behind Vista ’s start button is larger ) , so you cannot expect them to achieve parity with the big ones .
So , you must compare Zeta to comparable operating systems ; however , which ones would that be ?
ReactOS ? Syllable ?
SkyOS ?
That would be unfair to those projects ; they are much smaller than Zeta in both userbase as well as developerbase .
The conclusion one can draw is that Zeta 1.5 must be compared to its predecessors , like the 1.0 and 1.21 releases ( as well r5 ) .
This is exactly what I will be doing in this review .
Installation and hardware recognition Since I received the 1.5 update , I used the 1.21 install disc to install a fresh installation of Zeta 1.21 on which I could apply the update .
Zeta ’s installation has changed little between 1.0 and 1.21 .
It still uses the Paragon partitioning engine , with the same limitations as before : you can only resize partitions when there is unpartitioned space , and you cannot delete partitions either .
In other words , you are forced to use a pre-existing partition .
You can tweak the installation to only include those packages you want , but the defaults are in fact pretty sane ( earlier versions of Zeta had a habit of installing lots of useless packages ) .
When the installation is done , you can reboot in order to apply the 1.5 update .
The update uses an installer to perform its duties , and it works like a breeze .
You are properly informed of what is going on ( although the messages in English could use some love ; the English is horrible ) , and during the installation you can continue to use your computer ( by the way , for better - safe - than - sorry reasons , I would advice against doing that ) .
When the actual installation is done , you are asked to enter a ‘ root ’ password , after which a reboot is necessary .
Upon reboot the first thing you will notice is that the artwork of the boot screen has been altered ; newer icons , as well as the Magnussoft Zeta logo instead of the previous YellowTAB one .
when booting is done , you are presented with a login screen , which supports user pictures .
Since no new user had yet been created , it only showed the ‘ root ’ user .
As a long - time BeOS fan I would have preferred it if the root user was called Baron , by the way .
Bernd Korz also sent me a beta release of the first Zeta 1,5 service pack , due in the coming weeks .
It fixes a few bugs found in the 1.5 release , and upgrades Zeta from version 1.5 to 1.51 .
Hardware recognition is getting better with each release .
Drivers are continuously added and improved , and Zeta is still the best ‘ distribution ’ of BeOS when it comes to getting it to run on your hardware .
When it comes to peripherals , however , it is a different story .
My printer works ( as it did in Zeta 1.0 ) , but sadly , my CanoScan LiDE 30 still refuses to give any sign of life in Zeta 1.5 .
My new digital camera ( Pentax Optio 50 ) would not work either , for some mysterious , unknown reason .
It is a standard camera , nothing fancy .
The worst problem , however , remains Zeta ’s inability to properly work with USB hubs .
I have two of them ( one 1.0 and one 2.0 ) but neither of them work .
Zeta recognizes them ; they are visible in the USB panel , but devices connected to it will fail to operate ( i.e. my USB mouse which works fine when connected to my computer directly , but not when connected via a hub ) .
Applications
A few new applications have been added to Zeta , one of which is the CD burning applications MediaFire , which is based on the UNIX tools cdrecord , cdrdao , mkisofs , and so on .
The “ base ” version can only write CDs , the “ pro ” version ( which costs EUR 19 , - ) allows you to burn DVDs .
This application does what it is supposed to do , and does it well .
Another new application I found more interesting : Audiotagger .
This application allows you to transfer information found in .mp3 tags ( such as artist , title , album ) to BeFS attributes ( on a per - track basis , or just all files at once ) .
This is very important since BeFS can only find information stored in attributes .
So , after transferring all information from tags to attributes , you can find your music using BeFS queries .
The application also allows you to edit track information without copying between the two resources .
The interface can be a little confusing at first sight .
The most important new application , however , is Communicator .
In my 1.0 review , I stated that Zeta seriously failed in the instant messaging department ; I advised YellowTAB to take a look at the famous im_kit , and they did .
They gave im_kit an easier to use interface ( im_kit required some BeFS query experience in order to be used properly ) .
It can connect to AM , MSN , ICQ , Yahoo ! , Jabber , GoogleTalk , and IRC .
The application still needs some serious love though ; I could not connect to my ICQ account , while MSN support is abysmal , at best ( some messages do not arrive at my friends ’ computers ) .
The AIM protocol is well supported though .
Since this is the first public release , I suppose it will get better over time .
It has already improved a lot since the earlier beta versions I have used .
In any case , I am anxiously waiting for it to get more stable because IM support was one of the two major roadblocks for me .
The other major roadblock is the lack of a decent office suite .
Zeta 1.5 still ships the 7 (! ) year old GoBE Productive , which is hopelessly outdated .
I do not see this situation improving any time soon , since GoBE has no interest in BeOS anymore , and porting OpenOffice would mean little for me , as OpenOffice does not belong on the BeOS ( that is the BeOS purist in me speaking ) .
It is slow and heavy , and a port to Zeta will be riddled with bugs , rendering it even more unusable than it already is ( you guessed it , I am no fan of OOo ) .
Even though AbiWord was supposed to be in the 1.5 release , all I can find are its SVG icons ; the actual application is not there .
For other tasks , Zeta comes equipped with enough applications to get you going .
It comes with the BeAM email client , Firefox 2.0.2 , as well as demo versions of Refraction , Wonderbrush , and Pixelshop .
It has an iPod sync utility , as well as various audio editors .
In the video department , it of course comes with YellowTAB ’s own video editor as well as DVD Player ( VideoLAN Client ) .
Magnussoft has “ integrated ” VLC with Firefox , so that when you browse to a video file online , it will play in VLC when clicked .
Oddly enough , they also set .sfw files ( Flash ) to be played with VLC , even though VLC cannot handle those .
Magnussoft also included a few emulators ( including graphical frontends ) in this release , two of which I want to highlight : DOSbox and Qemu .
Using the DosBox emulator , I was able to play some old DOS games ( Keen ! ) , even though I had to edit the DOSbox config file in order to get some decent performance .
The QemuVM frontend had problems in that it would not work correctly when using physical disks instead of image files .
WilmaCon is the application used to mount SAMBA shares on the Windows network , but sadly , it was unable to connect properly with my shares on my Vista machine .
I blame this inability on Vista , by the way ; I am assuming Microsoft has changed the way SAMBA works on Vista , and that Magnussoft has not yet had the opportunity to fix the issues .
Multiuser
The big new thing in 1.5 is of course the support for multiuser .
Contrary to poular belief , BeOS was not a strictly single - user operating system ; for POSIX compliance , a rudimentary form of file permissions was included .
However , every file was always owned by ‘ Baron ’ ( you ) .
PhosphurOS , an illegal dano distribution , offered multi-user on BeOS in 2004 , and now , Zeta offers the same functionality .
Sadly , though , it does not seem to work as it should .
In the Preferences application , you can create new users , which will have their home directories in / boot / users .
You can then log out and log in as the newly created user .
There are numerous problems though .
The file properties panel of a file created and owned by root says the file is owned by ‘ thom ’ ( the new user ) while this is in fact not true .
There are more things that do not seem to make any sense .
When you click the ‘ home ’ shortcut on the new user ’s desktop , it will take you to root ’s home , instead of the new user ’s home directory in / boot / users ( see the screenshot ) .
There are things that do work , correctly .
The desktop of the new user is indeed personalised , and the same goes for the Tracker and Deskbar settings .
You also cannot edit / write outside of the new user ’s home directory , but no messages appear when trying to do so ; it will just not work .
An alert of some sort would be appreciated .
In other words , multiuser in Zeta 1,5 still needs quite some work .
This is certainly understandable ( it is the first release , after all ) , but still , I do experience it as a slight let - down .
A slight one , only , because I never really needed multi-user anyway .
I mean , I am the only person who uses this computer .
General impressions and conclusions Overall , stability has improved in ZETA .
Especially Firefox does not crash every ten minutes anymore .
The new applications are all stable ( no crashes yet ) ; the black sheep , however , of Zeta 1.5 is the Preferences application .
In my Zeta 1.0 review I already complained about the fact that yT had chosen to create one Preference application , instead of the several individual panels used in r5 .
In Zeta 1.0 and 1.21 , Preferences was fairly stable , but in 1.5 , it crashes .
A lot .
Especially the Keyboard and Backgrounds sections are crash prone .
Slowly but surely , it feels as if Zeta is coming together .
With each release , it is getting better , with better drivers and improved stability .
Magnussoft and Bernd Korz are obviously listening to user feedback ( the Communicator and multiuser being the prime examples of this ) , and on top of that , they are finetuning the amount of applications installed by default .
They are really trying to make the system as user friendly as possible , evidenced by the fact that even a major update such as 1.5 can be installed on an existing installation , without the need for a fresh installation .
The service pack which upgrades zeta from 1.5 to 1.51 also installed in a breeze .
Is Zeta 1.5 a worthy upgrade over 1.0 or 1.21 ?
I would say yes ; the stability improvements , the multiuser support , and the new applications all add up to added value over previous releases .
I would advice Magnussoft to make a full release available as soon as possible , instead of only the upgrade release .
After the big ones ( Windows , Linux , Mac OS X , BSD ) Zeta certainly is the most viable alternative operating system .
If you would like to see your thoughts or experiences with technology published , please consider writing an article for OSNews .
FYI : New mercurial performance measurements ( handling of large files )
Hi all !
Some weeks ago we conducted performance measurements of Mercurial with large (> 1MB ) files .
The results were somewhat disappointing .
Meanwhile Matt and others have improved on the crucial " bdiff " - operation .
The resulting speed - up is significant ( 10x - 300 x ) .
In fact now Mercurial is fast enough to survive a real - life test with one of our projects .
We took 99 revisions of a project from our current SCM system and timed the duration of Mercurial 's " commit " - and " push " - operations .
The repository used as target for " push " resided on a server accessible via LAN .
The work - area contained about 4000 files , where in each commit at least 12 files were larger than 1MB , the largest files occupying almost 70 MB .
The total size of all 99 work - areas was about 20 GB .
On the average 1000 files changed between two revisions .
We show the detailed results in the attached graphics file .
In particulkar , we would like to note : ( 1 ) The size of the repository is always small even for a project with a large number of " binary " files after a high number of commits .
We found a compression ratio ( total data size over repository size ) of about 14 .
( 2 ) The " commit " - duration never exceeded 4 minutes compared to several hours before the performance patches , despite the 12 large files .
( 3 ) The " push " - duration always was below 8 minutes again compared to several hours ( or more like : " overnight " ) before the performance patches .
Most importantly , neither the " commit " - duration , nor the " push " - duration show an increase over the live of the project .
They both stay in a band between 20 - 230 seconds for " commit " and 40 - 460 seconds for " push " .
This means Mercurial users wo n't get punished by maintaining a big , old repository with a huge number of commited versions .
To summarize : Mercurial is not only capable of working with large projects containing large files , but it handles them surprisingly fast - a real joy to use .
Best , Chris -- Dr. Christoph L. Spiel BMW Forschungs - und Innovationszentrum , EA - 410 Lauchstaedterstrasse 5 , 80995 Muenchen -------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : hg - 0.9.5pre1-preformance.png
Type : image / png Size : 13596 bytes Desc : hg - 0.9.5pre1-preformance.png
Url : http://selenic.com/pipermail/mercurial/attachments/20071019/3f58c002/attachment.png
SAN JOSE , Costa Rica ( Reuters ) - Costa Ricans voted on a free - trade deal with the United States on Sunday in a referendum that has split the Central American nation like no other issue in decades .
Opponents fear the Central American Free Trade Agreement , or CAFTA , will weaken the country ’s prized welfare system , among the strongest in Latin America .
Supporters , led by Nobel peace laureate President Oscar Arias , say Costa Rica needs to open its economy more since it is a small country with few natural resources .
Cars with “ yes ” and “ no ” flags fluttering from their windows honked their horns as they drove by schools being used as polling stations .
“ As a mother who has children , there are a lot of opportunities ( with free trade ) , more possibilities for the country to grow , ” said Liliana Cespedes , owner of a small gym .
In the second such warning in recent days , the White House said on Saturday it would not renegotiate the deal if Costa Ricans vote against the current proposal .
A poll last week in La Nacion newspaper showed Costa Ricans rejecting the trade deal by 55 percent to 43 percent .
Other recent surveys showed the country -- home to 4 million people and the most prosperous and stable in Central America -- sharply divided .
Psychologist Ana Victoria Rosabal , who said she opposes the trade deal because it serves corporations and the rich , walked to a polling station with her husband , who planned to vote “ yes . ”
“ The negotiating process was not focused on the common good , ” she said .
The agreement would open state - run sectors like telecommunications and insurance to competition from foreign firms .
Opponents say that threatens institutions that have contributed to the country ’s social stability for decades .
Critics also say the deal will mean a flood of cheap U.S. farm imports and limit the country ’s sovereignty by taking investment disputes to international arbitration .
Costa Rica is the only country not to have ratified CAFTA -- which includes Guatemala , El Salvador , Honduras , Nicaragua and the Dominican Republic -- and is the only nation to decide the issue by referendum .
In the largest march in Costa Rica in years , about 100,000 people filled the streets of the capital last weekend to protest the trade pact .
‘ JUST RICHER ’
Costa Rica , which has no army and boasts of pristine beaches and jungles , has enjoyed almost uninterrupted democratic government for over a century and has better education and health care than its neighbors .
Coffee farming , tourism , call centers and microchip manufacturing support the growing economy , which is more diversified than its neighbors .
It attracts migrants from Nicaragua and Panama .
Arias , who won a Nobel Peace Prize for helping end Central American civil wars in the 1980s , says CAFTA will help Costa Rica stay ahead in the region .
“ If this deal is approved , it wo n’t make us better or worse , ” he said last week .
“ Just richer . ”
The White House warning on Saturday was the latest in a series of conflicting messages from Washington .
“ If the free trade agreement is rejected , the United States will not renegotiate the agreement , ” White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said in a statement .
Democrats in Congress have sought to reassure Costa Rican voters their country would not lose existing trade benefits if the pact is defeated .
Finde auch online deinen Traumjob !
Jetzt kostenlos registrieren : Die digitalen Jobmessen von heise jobs und Jobware am 6 .
Oktober für Bewerber aus dem Ballungsraum NRW und am 23 .
Oktober für Bewerber aus Bayern und Umgebung .
Es erwarten dich spannende Arbeitgeber , interessante Vorträge und ein kostenloser Lebenslaufcheck - und das alles bequem von Zuhause aus !
It may be trivial , but on the theory that character is an important factor in determining the best president , and that baseball fandom is indicative of character , here ’s a round - up of the four candidates who have made news in baseball with excessive flip - flopping and pandering on this very serious subject .
I ’m expecting a George Will column shortly .
Rudy , the Sox , and the Yankees
According to the Daily News :
Last July , The Providence Journal asked the former mayor this fateful question :
If the Devil said you can be President if you become a Red Sox fan , would you do it ?
“ I ’m a Yankee fan , ” Giuliani replied then .
“ I always believe it ’s a sign of my being straight with people , about not wanting to fool them , that I was one of the first mayors to be willing to say I was a Yankee fan . ”
Of course , what happened next was entirely predictable .
Trying to gain an advantage in New Hampshire , the first Republican primary , and in no relation to the rest of this story adjacent to Massachusetts and part of the obnoxiously named “ Red Sox Nation ” , Giuliani suddenly begins root for the Yankees nemesis .
His pitiful excuse : he ’s rooting for the American League .
Quite simply : bullshit .
Pandering at its most pathetic .
Unfortunately , if a pedophile priest , angry New York firefighters attacking his record on 9/11 , his own daughter ’s endorsement of Barack Obama , his wife ( the third one ’s ) history of killing puppies in order to sell medical supplies , phone calls during televised speeches , his scary team of foreign policy advisers , his liberal positions on social issues such as gay marriage , abortion , and illegal immigration , his apparent total lack of knowledge of foreign policy and islamist terrorism , his scandalous personal history , his disregard for his family , his championing of Bernard Kerik as police commissioner , as a partner in his firm , and as Secretary of Homeland Security , who just plead guilty to corruption charges , and of course this doozy of a quote resurrected from his time as mayor : “ Freedom is about authority . ”
So , switching from a Yankees fan to a Yankees fan who also also roots for the # 1 Enemy of the Yankees – small potatoes in this litany .
One of these days , hopefully something will catch up to this “ little man in search of a balcony . ” ( Quote from Jimmy Breslin . )
Hillary , the Yankees and the Cubs
A Chicago native , Hillary had remarked she had been a lifelong Cubs fan before her Senate run .
While running for the Senate in New York , she mentioned she had also been a lifelong Yankees fan .
Riiiiiight .
Tim Russert in one of the dozens of Democratic debates quizzed her on a number of issues which ducked until :
… Russert threw her a curveball , asking if she would back the Yankees or Chicago Cubs , her childhood home team , if they met in the World Series .
So she waffled .
“ Well , I would probably have to alternate sides , ” she said .
After both teams are eliminated , Hillary says she is relieved she no longer has to “ straddle the bleachers . ”
I could list the many other issues on which Hillary has opportunistically switched positions on .
But I ’m exhausted from writing Giuliani ’s list .
Suffice it to say , that the only candidate likely to match Giuliani in the sheer number of scandals and in the blatancy pf opportunistic pandering , it ’s probably Hillary .
To be fair though , Hillary seems to pander less and “ shift ” more .
It is interesting to note that a large part of the strength of both Clinton and Giuliani comes from their stubbornness in sticking with unpopular positions in the face of widespread belief that it would drown their candidacies .
Clinton on the Iraq war especially , and Giuliani on abortion .
After a long period of ostentatiously sticking to their guns , each has since “ shifted ” their current position while refusing to acknowledge any change in opinion .
Barack Obama and the White Sox
In a boring addition to this list , Barack Obama has remained steadfastly a White Sox fan , even this year with the Sox out of contention and his other hometown team the Cubs in the playoffs .
The reason he ’s made some news however is because he has called out Hillary on her shifty position .
Richardson , the Yankees , and the Sox
Governor Bill Richardson made news because of the sheer stupidity of his response .
He did not look insincere because he said one thing to one audience and another some years later to a different one .
His implosion occurred in a single fateful sitting before an audience of one while discussing his favorite baseball team on Meet the Press :
GOV .
RICHARDSON : I , my favorite team has always been the Red Sox .
MR. RUSSERT : You ’re a Red Sox fan .
GOV .
RICHARDSON : I ’m a Red Sox fan .
MR. RUSSERT : End of subject .
GOV .
RICHARDSON : End of subject .
MR. RUSSERT : You better get rid of this book .
GOV .
RICHARDSON : Oh , no !
I ’m also a Yankee fan .
I also like …
MR. RUSSERT : Oh , now , wait a minute !
GOV .
RICHARDSON : You can — Tim …
MR. RUSSERT : I guarantee …
GOV .
RICHARDSON : No , I know , I got in trouble …
MR. RUSSERT : … if you go — if you go to Yankee Stadium or Fenway , you can not be both .
…
MR. RUSSERT : Yankee fans and Red Sox fans ?
GOV .
RICHARDSON : Yes .
MR. RUSSERT : Not a chance .
GOV .
RICHARDSON : Well , I bet you I can .
I remember watching it on that Sunday morning .
It was truly painful .
Conclusions
Politicians seem to like the Yankees .
Probably because they win a lot .
They also seem loath to alienate anyone , even over something so trivial .
I ran for office a few times ( college - wide office ) .
I understand the temptation , and I am sure I sometimes succumbed to it .
But I think as often , I stated what I thought , even when it was less than politic .
Perhaps , that ’s why I lost .
My overall conclusion : if baseball monogamy indicates some positive presidential characteristic , vote Obama .
I looked for other items for the other candidates , but this is all I have found so far .
Send me more info , or post in comments if you know of anything .
Like Loading ...
Swift , the banking consortium , responded readily to unusually broad subpoenas for information from the Treasury Department starting months after 9/11 .
Swift 's relationship with the government was revealed by the media last summer , and two U.S. banking customers are suing Swift on invasion - of - privacy grounds .
The suit was expected to be thrown out due to America 's lax privacy laws , but a judge refused to drop them .
Enter the ultimate protector of citizen 's rights -- the Bush Administration .
Invoking the " state secrets " privilege ( a tool rarely used by other administrations but becoming the go - to argument for Bush , who has used it dozens of times ) , the administration claims that the lawsuit will disrupt a vital national security program and will reveal " highly classified information . "
Bush says it 's a vital national security tool ( other vital national security tools : repressing whistleblowers , not reading the news , firing independent prosecutors , and making rosy predictions about the future of a country you can't visit without a flak jacket ) , and the Justice Department is taking an active interest in shutting down the lawsuit .
" The problem is all the unknowns that are being introduced and then explained away as if there is no problem , " said Vince Weldon , a former Boeing engineer , in an interview to be broadcast as part of Rather 's report .
Weldon compares a recent crash in a standard aluminum airliner where the dented but intact fuselage kept fire at bay and allowed the passengers to leave the aircraft alive .
" With a composite airframe , the fuselage would not crumple , it would shatter ... that shattered hole would be there for the fire that 's going into the airplane , " Weldon says in the interview .
" Instead of everyone getting out , it would be a far less positive result . "
Weldon says he was fired by Boeing after a 46 - year career because of his persistent complaints about the design of the 787 .
He claims he represents the view of others at Boeing who were afraid to speak out .
Boeing , which did not provide officials for on - camera interviews in Rather 's report , said today Weldon 's claims were not valid and the plane would not fly if it is not safe .
" We 've looked at Mr Weldon 's claims .
We 've had technical committees review them .
We do an exceptional amount of testing , " said Lori Gunter , a spokeswoman for Boeing 's commercial aircraft unit .
" Absolutely , these materials are safe .
They are tested , they will be certified . "
She said the US Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) must find the 787 to be as crashworthy as aluminum aircraft , and the plane was doing well in those tests so far .
She declined to comment on the circumstances of Weldon 's departure from Boeing .
Boeing 's lightweight , fuel - efficient 787 , which has become its most successful aircraft launch ever , is set for its first test flight between mid-November and mid-December after a three month delay due to a shortage of bolts and problems programming the flight control software .
The first 787 is due to be delivered to Japan 's All Nippon Airways in May next year , meaning it will have at most six months of flight tests , much shorter than previous jetliner programs .
Boeing 's rival Airbus , owned by European aerospace company EADS , is also working on a composite fuselage for its new A350 jet , but it is some years behind Boeing in the design and production process .
In Rather 's report , Weldon and other experts also argue that the carbon - composite fuselage would not survive a lightning strike as well as aluminum , would emit toxic fumes when burning , and could easily be damaged without any visible sign .
Weldon says Boeing was misrepresenting to airlines the ease of maintenance on carbon fuselage aircraft .
The report cites experts referring to Airbus planes that had carbon parts with problems that were not easily visible .
Rather 's report also includes aviation experts who see little or no problem with the 787 .
" I 'm excited to ride on the 787 .
I 'm excited to fly in composite aircraft , " says Joseph Rakow , an engineer at consulting company Exponent Inc , in an interview in the report .
Todd Wissing , a commercial pilot , says he would fly the 787 as long as the composite materials are rigorously tested .
" We put safety as our top priority , " says Wissing in the report .
" We use the 21st Century inspection methods with these new materials .
Then we have complete confidence that we can get in that airplane with our passengers and go fly because that 's what we can do . "
The report by former CBS News anchor Dan Rather is the latest edition of Dan Rather Reports , broadcast on HDNet , a subscription - only television channel that about four million Americans are able to view .
Last year Rather left CBS after a scandal over his reporting on US President George W Bush 's military record .
Reuters
PARIS -- Floyd Landis lost his expensive and explosive doping case Thursday when arbitrators upheld the results of a test that showed the 2006 Tour de France champion used synthetic testosterone to fuel his spectacular comeback victory .
The decision means Landis , who repeatedly has denied using performance - enhancing drugs , must forfeit his Tour de France title and is subject to a two - year ban , retroactive to Jan. 30 , 2007 .
According to hearing documents , the vote was 2 - 1 to uphold the results , with lead arbitrator Patrice Brunet and Richard McLaren in the majority and Christopher Campbell dissenting .
The 84 - page ruling , handed down nearly four months after a bizarre and bitterly fought hearing , leaves the American with one final way to possibly salvage his title -- an appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport .
He has a month to file an appeal .
Speaking from his home in Murrieta , Calif. , outside San Diego , an angry Landis sounded as if he were leaning against an appeal and seemed fatalistic about the odds he will ever race professionally again .
" I have to assess whether a system that corrupt is worth subjecting myself to again , " Landis told ESPN.com 's Bonnie D. Ford .
" I do n't have any reason to believe that CAS is any more sincere .
" Money is a large part of it .
I have to consider my family when I consider risking everything I have left .
It might be like putting all my money in a slot machine . "
Landis , who spent an estimated $ 2 million on his defense , called the ruling " completely absurd " and said he drew no consolation from the fact that the panel found some of the French lab 's procedures wanting .
Although he said he was surprised and disappointed by the decision , he added that it confirmed his suspicion that the outcome may have been a foregone conclusion .
" The only way this could have come out any differently is if one of the arbitrators was drunk and checked the wrong box , " he said .
" There 's something going on here other than trying to figure out the science . "
Landis said that having his Tour title summarily stripped stung badly despite all the time he has had to prepare mentally for that possibility .
" Of course it hurts , " he said .
" I worked for 15 years to do that .
I earned it .
To have it taken away in this manner could n't hurt more . "
The 31 - year - old Landis said he feels ambivalent about racing again .
" I do want to , but whether I will is a slim chance , " he said .
The issue may be nearly moot if he is slapped with an additional 2 - year ban from the Pro Tour , which runs the race schedule for elite teams -- although that structure itself has been threatened by the political infighting endemic to the sport .
He also could face a specific ban against competing in France if the French Anti-Doping Agency ( AFLD ) goes ahead with its own disciplinary proceeding , which it suspended pending the USADA panel 's ruling .
" This is not a rewarding thing to be a part of right now , " Landis said .
" I would advise athletes all over the world to stop giving urine samples until these guys clean up their act . "
If Landis decides to appeal and does n't win , he 'll be the first person in the 105 - year history of the race to lose the Tour title because of a doping offense .
Suh told Ford the Landis camp is " weighing their options " on whether to appeal .
If the appeal goes forward , there is no precedent for an athlete having a CAS hearing open to the public .
The CAS rules say the hearing must be confidential , but , according to Suh , the rules of the UCI , cycling 's world governing body , state an athlete has the right to an open hearing .
If Landis appeals , his lawyers say they will argue that the hearing should be open .
The lawyers who represented USADA took an entirely different view of the panel 's ruling .
" The majority got the science right , " said lead attorney Rich Young of the Colorado Springs office of Holme , Roberts & Owen , which has served as outside counsel in numerous cases brought by USADA .
" I was n't shocked by Mr. Campbell 's dissent .
We 've seen them before . "
In its decision , the majority found the initial screening test to measure Landis ' testosterone levels -- the testosterone - to - epitestosterone test -- was not done according to World Anti-Doping Agency rules .
But the more precise and expensive carbon - isotope ration analysis ( IRMS ) , performed after a positive T - E test is recorded , was accurate , the arbitrators said , meaning " an anti-doping rule violation is established . "
Landis insisted on a public hearing not only to prove his
innocence , but to shine a spotlight on USADA and the rules it
enforces and also establish a pattern of incompetence at the French
lab where his urine was tested .
Although the panel rejected Landis ' argument of a " conspiracy "
at the Chatenay - Malabry lab , it did find areas of concern .
They
dealt with chain of command in controlling the urine sample , the
way the tests were run on the machine , the way the machine was
prepared and the " forensic corrections " done on the lab
paperwork .
" ... the Panel finds that the practises of the Lab in training
its employees appears to lack the vigor the Panel would expect in
the circumstances given the enormous consequences to athletes " of
an adverse analytical finding , the decision said .
The majority repeatedly wrote that any mistakes made at the lab
were not enough to dismiss the positive test , but also sent a
warning .
" If such practises continue , it may well be that in the future ,
an error like this could result in the dismissal " of a positive
finding by the lab .
In Campbell 's dissenting opinion , Landis ' case should have been one of
those cases .
" In many instances , Mr. Landis sustained his burden of proof
beyond a reasonable doubt , " Campbell wrote .
" The documents
supplied by LNDD are so filled with errors that they do not support
an Adverse Analytical Finding .
Mr. Landis should be found
innocent . "
According to Landis co-counsel Howard Jacobs , who has represented numerous athletes accused of dopiong offenses , the criticism of the lab in the ruling is highly unusual , if not unprecedented .
Young and co-counsel Matt Barnett told ESPN.com they were not troubled by the panel 's criticism of the French lab , nor are they worried that it could result in a reversal if Landis appeals .
They said the errors noted by the arbitrators did not affect the substance of the case , although the mistakes did , in Barnett 's words , make it " somewhat messier . "
" I really think clean athletes should be encouraged by this ruling , " Barnett said .
" It means USADA has a commitment to bring these cases even if they 're tough cases . "
The decision comes more than a year after Landis ' stunning
comeback in Stage 17 of the 2006
Tour , one that many people said
could n't be done without some kind of outside help .
Flying to the
lead near the start of a grueling Alpine stage , Landis regained
nearly eight minutes against the leader , and went on to win the
three - week race .
" Well , all I can say is that justice has been done , and that
this is what the UCI felt was correct all along , " Pat McQuaid ,
leader of cycling 's world governing body , told The Associated Press
by telephone .
" We now await and see if he does appeal to CAS .
Flooding has increased six - fold since the 1980s , the report says
Population increases mean more people are affected when catastrophic weather events take place , it says in a report .
Global warming is to blame for the growing number of weather disasters , Oxfam adds .
An average of 500 such disasters are now taking place each year , compared to 120 in the 1980s , the report says .
The number of floods has increased six - fold over the same period .
Small disasters ignored
The agency expresses particular concern about the increase in small and medium - sized weather events , which it says affect great numbers of people , but do not attract as much international aid as large , well - publicised natural disasters .
The report argues that climate change is responsible for the growing number of weather - related disasters - more intense rain , combined with frequent droughts , make damaging floods much more likely .
You get this spiral downwards of vulnerability and destitution
John McGrath , Oxfam
The increasing number of weather events has been accompanied by large global population increases , and Oxfam says this means more people are being forced to live in areas which are vulnerable to the effects of the weather changes .
" They 're going to forests , to jungles , to mountains ... but these are just the very places that have been more affected by intense rain ... and that in turn actually increases the displacement ... so you get this spiral downwards of vulnerability and destitution , " says Oxfam 's John McGrath .
Unless the global aid community begins preparing for the future growth in weather - events , Oxfam warns , its ability to respond to natural disasters will be overwhelmed .
While looking at Organic Architect 's 2007 Awards , I came across the Erosion Sink again and thought , " I 'm glad I blogged about that a few months ago . "
Well , turns out I did n't .
It may just be a sink and there is pretty good chance water would splatter when you use it , but this is a piece of art and you deserve to see it .
The sink is built by Gore Design and is made with eco-friendly materials .
Unfortunately , all of the posts I could find are similar to mine ( eco-friendly and fucking awesome ! ) , but I 'm quite curious about how this was created .
Maybe this post will be the tipping point and HGTV will interview the designers for me .
Get to it , people .
The area of floating ice in the Arctic has shrunk more this summer than in any other summer since satellite tracking began in 1979 , and it has reached that record point a month before the annual ice pullback typically peaks , experts said yesterday .
The cause is probably a mix of natural fluctuations , like unusually sunny conditions in June and July , and long - term warming from heat - trapping greenhouse gases and sooty particles accumulating in the air , according to several scientists .
William L. Chapman , who monitors the region at the University of Illinois Urbana - Champaign and posted a Web report on the ice retreat yesterday , said that only an abrupt change in conditions could prevent far more melting before the 24 - hour sun of the boreal summer set in September .
“ The melting rate during June and July this year was simply incredible , ” Mr. Chapman said .
“ And then you ’ve got this exposed black ocean soaking up sunlight and you wonder what , if anything , could cause it to reverse course . ”
Mark Serreze , a sea-ice expert at the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder , Colo. , said his center ’s estimates differed somewhat from those of the Illinois team , and by the ice center ’s reckoning the retreat had not surpassed the satellite - era record set in 2005 .
But it was close even by the center ’s calculations , he said , adding that it is almost certain that by September , there will be more open water in the Arctic than has been seen for a long time .
Ice experts at NASA and the University of Washington echoed his assessment .
Editor ’s note : Justin Raimondo ’s column will return Friday , Oct. 5 .
It seems to have fallen down the memory hole or been consigned to the purgatory of forgotten news stories : the indictment of Steve Rosen and Keith Weissman , two top officials of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) .
More than three years ago , the news that Rosen , the number - one lobbyist for Israel in Washington , and his sidekick Weissman had been indicted for violating the Espionage Act , for handing over top - secret intelligence to Israeli embassy officials , broke like a thunderclap over official Washington .
Today , its echoes have petered out almost entirely , as news of the case has sunk so far beneath the media ’s radar that developments in what is an important and fascinating story are no longer reported .
I ’ll do my best to rectify that .
But first , one has to wonder , why is the veil of silence being drawn over this extraordinary affair ?
After all , the story involves what Time magazine called “ among the most politically charged espionage cases in years ”  surely a newsworthy topic .
Why no follow - up ?
It ’s very odd .
Do n’t forget that AIPAC , the premier pro-Israel lobby in the country and one of the most powerful and feared of Washington ’s movers and shakers , was subjected to no less than two humiliating FBI raids on its Washington offices : desks were searched and emptied and computers carted away , while a cordon of agents prevented anyone or anything from leaving or entering the area until the operation was over .
All AIPAC employees were , presumably , questioned .
You do n’t see that kind of action unless there is something very substantial behind it .
Reports that the case originated in an investigation that dates back to the 1990s were backed up by the indictments [ . pdf ] , which trace the defendants ’ treason to meetings with Israeli officials “ between in or about April 1999 and continuing until on or about August 27 , 2004 . ”
The Rosen - Weissman case grew out of a comprehensive , long - standing investigation into Israeli covert activities in the U.S. , that much is clear .
The probe was in place when the astonished FBI counterintelligence squad  engaged in routine surveillance of Rosen , Weissman , and Israeli embassy officials , including Naor Gilon , former head of the political affairs department at the Israeli embassy in Washington  spotted Larry Franklin walking into a luncheon in an Arlington , Va. , restaurant .
The eavesdropping guardians of our national security were shocked when Franklin , who worked for Douglas Feith at the Pentagon ’s policy shop , where he presided over the Iran desk , openly offered to hand over vital intelligence to Gilon , Rosen , and Weissman .
The Feds put a tail on Franklin and recorded his every treasonous act until they were ready to strike , and when they moved , they caught him with a veritable library of classified documents hidden away in his home , some dating back many years  a veritable treasure trove of U.S. secrets .
Caught red -handed , and faced with the prospect of a long jail sentence , Franklin agreed to cooperate with the authorities : he wore a wire to his next meeting with his AIPAC overseers , subsequently compiling mountains of incriminating evidence against his co-conspirators .
Franklin pled guilty and was sentenced to 12 years and seven months in prison .
His conviction set the stage for the upcoming trial of the AIPAC duo  scheduled to commence Jan. 14  where he will be a key prosecution witness .
It looks like the day the Israel lobby in Washington has dreaded  no less than the two defendants  is finally about to dawn .
The three - year delay has been the cardinal achievement of the defense , which has done everything in its power to drag the process nearly to a grinding halt .
About the only top government officials they have n’t tried to call in as witnesses  along with a list of Israeli embassy officials that may include Danny Ayalon , the former ambassador  are George W. Bush and Dick Cheney .
Their subpoena wish - list includes Condi Rice ; Stephen Hadley ; Richard Armitage ; William Burns , U.S. ambassador to Moscow and former chief U.S. envoy to the Middle East ; Burns ’ former deputy , David Satterfield , who now advises Rice on Iraq ; and Anthony Zinni , also a former U.S. Mideast envoy ( and a prominent critic of the Lobby ) .
Another even more successful delaying tactic has been the battle over what to admit as evidence and  more importantly  how to present it to the jury and the public .
The long legal battle has focused particularly on the record of the defendants ’ perfidy , as so painstakingly recorded for posterity by the FBI ’s counterintelligence unit .
The government proposed that the presentation of classified material be handled using a complex code , which would have masked the identities of individuals and organizations that figure in the case .
The judge , however , vetoed that idea , averring that this would interfere with the right of the defendants to a fully public trial .
Now the two sides are involved in a protracted tug - of - war over what evidence to admit , fulfilling the judge ’s requirements without endangering the national security of the United States .
This process will doubtless continue right up to the scheduled trial date .
As one of the few comprehensive news reports of developments in the case put it , there are “ numerous closed hearings to come dealing with classified evidence and testimony by experts and government officials .
‘ It ’s a very laborious , very labor - intensive , very intricate process that requires an enormous amount of work by the court , ’ [ Abbe D. ]
Lowell [ head of Rosen ’s defense team ] said in a telephone interview .
Like everything else in the case , ‘it ’s an adversarial process , ’ he added . ”
The defense  and , standing behind them , the Lobby  is playing a game of “ chicken , ” pushing the government to weigh the benefits of going ahead with this case against the potential damage it could do to U.S. national security .
The Rosen - Weissman defense team  paid for by AIPAC  is hoping that the government will back down when officials realize that they themselves could be implicated .
Secretary Rice , for example , says she does n’t even know Rosen , never met him , and ca n’t remember hearing anything about him  we ’ll see about that , now wo n’t we ?
It is almost inconceivable that the Justice Department would just drop the charges , after all this effort , but with the Israel lobby you can never take anything like that off the table : it ’s just the sort of brazen maneuver they ’d glory in pulling off .
Barring that unlikely event , however , it looks like the trial is going to be rather more interesting than any espionage case since Whittaker Chambers faced down Alger Hiss and the mystery of the pumpkin patch papers was unraveled .
For one thing , it has a cast of characters that would do justice to any spy thriller : on the one hand we have the voluble , unrepentant Rosen , a committed ideologue who made AIPAC what it is today , pioneering its high - powered lobbying efforts that extend right into the top echelons of U.S. policymaking circles .
Convinced that an acquittal is “ inevitable , ” Rosen is bound and determined to fight to the finish and exonerate his good name and the formerly good name of AIPAC .
On the other hand , we have the far less optimistic Weissman , who , we hear , has undergone a strange transformation and has been seen around Washington wearing a Palestinian - style keffiyeh .
The Forward reports that he is now coming out of the closet , so to speak , as a left - winger of sorts , having “ decided not to suppress [ his ] political views any longer . ”
It seems that , after all that time working for AIPAC and helping to funnel classified information to his Israeli handlers via his contacts with Franklin , he was really a peacenik all along .
Weissman has reportedly applied for volunteer positions with Americans for Peace Now and Human Rights Watch  “ though , ” as the Forward reports , “ he was politely turned down , sources say , presumably because of the difficulty in associating with a person under indictment for espionage charges . ”
Whether this is an attempt to remake himself as a more sympathetic defendant  AIPAC ’s “ resident leftist ” as the Forward portrays Weissman , and thus less likely to fit the profile of an Israeli covert agent  we cannot yet know , but you ’ve got to admit that this is going to make for one fascinating trial .
With the publication of John J. Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt‘s The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy in book form , the taboo on a sensitive but increasingly important subject has been lifted .
Now , at last , we can talk freely about the sort of influence the Israel lobby has on the formulation of U.S. policy in the Middle East  and the lengths they will go to secure it .
However , Mearsheimer and Walt only touch on the supersensitive , still largely verboten subject of Israeli espionage in the U.S. , mentioning the Franklin case parenthetically .
The Rosen - Weissman trial will bring the dark side of the “ special relationship ” between Israel and the U.S. into sharp focus  and it is n’t going to be pretty .
->
Either a b
( a , b )
a -> b
B -> A
B
A
A -> ()
A -> ()
const ()
either
trie
> class Trie a t | a -> t where
> tabulate :: ( a -> b ) -> t b
> apply :: t b -> ( a -> b)
tabulate
apply
Bool
> data BoolTrie a = BoolTrie a a deriving Show
> instance Trie Bool BoolTrie where
> tabulate f = BoolTrie ( f False ) ( f True )
> apply ( BoolTrie f _ ) False = f
> apply ( BoolTrie _ t ) True = t
apply
tabulate
BoolTrie
Bool -> a
Bool -> X
tabulate f
apply ( tabulate f )
> memo :: Trie a t => ( a -> b ) -> ( a -> b)
> memo = apply .
tabulate
Either a b
> data EitherTrie u v a = EitherTrie ( u a ) ( v a )
> instance ( Trie a u , Trie b v ) =>
Trie ( Either a b ) ( EitherTrie u v ) where
> apply ( EitherTrie f _ ) ( Left x ) = apply f x
> apply ( EitherTrie _ g ) ( Right y ) = apply g y
> tabulate f = EitherTrie ( tabulate ( f . Left ) ) ( tabulate ( f . Right ) )
> data PairTrie u v a = PairTrie ( u ( v a ) )
> instance ( Trie a u , Trie b v ) =>
Trie ( a , b ) ( PairTrie u v ) where
> apply ( PairTrie f ) ( b , c ) = apply ( apply f b ) c
> tabulate f = PairTrie $ tabulate ( \a -> tabulate ( \b -> f ( a , b ) ) )
L
L
L
L
BoolTrie
[ Bool ]
> data BoolListTrie a = BoolListTrie a ( BoolListTrie a ) ( BoolListTrie a )
> instance Trie [ Bool ] BoolListTrie where
> apply ( BoolListTrie n _ _ ) [ ]
= n
> apply ( BoolListTrie _ f _ ) ( False : bs ) = apply f bs
> apply ( BoolListTrie _ _ t ) ( True : bs ) = apply t bs
> tabulate f = BoolListTrie ( f [ ] ) ( tabulate ( f . ( False : ) ) ) ( tabulate ( f. ( True : ) ) )
> inc ( False : bs ) =
True : bs
> inc ( True : bs ) = False : inc bs
> inc [ ] = [ True ]
> dec [ True ] = [ ]
> dec ( True : bs ) = False : bs
> dec ( False : bs ) =
True : dec bs
> ack [ ] n = inc n
> ack m [ ] | not ( null m ) = ack ( dec m ) [ True ]
> ack m n = ack ( dec m ) ( ack m ( dec n ) )
> ack ' = curry ( memo ( uncurry ack ) )
Part 2
2
n
2
2
n
B = 1+B2
XB = X ( XB ) B
T[ X ] = XT [ T [ B ] ]
T' [ X ] = T [ T [ X ] ] +XT ' [ T [ X ] ] T ' [ X ]
T '[ 1 ] = T [ 1 ] +XT ' [ 1 ] T ' [ 1 ] = 1+X ( T ' [ 1 ] )
2
T'' [ X ] = T ' [ T [ X ] ] T ' [ X ] + T ' [ T [ X ] ] T ' [ X ] +XT '' [ T [ X ] ]
T ' [ X]2
+ XT ' [ T [ X ] ] T ' ' [ X ]
T '' [ 1 ] = 2B2+B2 T '' [ 1 ] + BT ' ' [ 1 ]
Some random thoughts
n
Ord
Ord
2
Appendix
2
Pair
s (1 ) = 0
s ( a+b ) = s(a ) +ab+s( b )
s( ab ) = s(a) b2+as( b )
L[ X ] =1+X L[X ]
s ( L [ X ] ) = XL [ X ] +s ( X ) L[ X ] +Xs ( L [ X ] )
> import Test.
QuickCheck
> data Pair a u = Lower u | Diagonal a | Upper u deriving Show
> class Ord a =>
SubDiagonal a u | a -> u where
> twine :: ( a , a ) ->
Pair a u
> untwine :: Pair a u -> ( a, a )
> twine ' :: ( a , a ) -> u
> untwine ' :: u -> ( a, a )
> twine ( a , b ) = case compare a b of
> LT ->
Lower ( twine ' ( a , b ) )
> EQ -> Diagonal a
> GT ->
Upper ( twine ' ( b, a ) )
> untwine ( Lower u ) = untwine ' u
> untwine ( Diagonal a ) = ( a , a )
> untwine ( Upper u ) = uncurry ( flip ( , ) ) $ untwine ' u
> data SubEither a b u v = BothLeft u | Diff a b | BothRight v deriving Show
> instance ( SubDiagonal a u , SubDiagonal b v ) =>
SubDiagonal ( Either a b ) ( SubEither a b u v ) where
> twine ' ( Left a , Left a ' ) = BothLeft ( twine ' ( a, a ' ) )
> twine ' ( Left a , Right b ) = Diff a b
> twine ' ( Right b , Right b' ) = BothRight ( twine ' ( b , b ' ) )
> untwine ' ( BothLeft u ) = let ( a , a ' ) = untwine ' u in ( Left a , Left a ' )
> untwine ' ( Diff a b ) = ( Left a , Right b )
> untwine ' ( BothRight u ) = let ( b , b ' ) = untwine ' u in ( Right b , Right b' )
> data SubPair a b u v = LeftDiffers u b b | LeftSame a v deriving Show
> instance ( SubDiagonal a u , SubDiagonal b v ) =>
SubDiagonal ( a , b ) ( SubPair a b u v ) where
> twine ' ( ( a , b ) , ( a' , b' ) ) | a /=a ' = LeftDiffers ( twine ' ( a, a' ) ) b b'
> | otherwise = LeftSame a ( twine ' ( b , b ' ) )
> untwine ' ( LeftDiffers u b b' ) = let ( a , a ' ) = untwine ' u in ( ( a , b ) , ( a' , b ' ) )
> untwine ' ( LeftSame a v ) = let ( b , b ' ) = untwine ' v in ( ( a , b ) , ( a , b ' ) )
> instance SubDiagonal Bool ( ) where
> twine ' ( False , True ) = ()
> untwine ' ( ) = ( False , True )
> data SubList a u = FirstDiffers u ( Pair [ a ] ( SubList a u ) ) | FirstSame a ( SubList a u ) | LeftNil a [ a ] deriving Show
> instance ( SubDiagonal a u ) => SubDiagonal [ a ] ( SubList a u ) where
> twine ' ( [ ] , ( a: as ) ) = LeftNil a as
> twine ' ( ( a : as ) , ( b: bs ) ) | a/=b = FirstDiffers ( twine ' ( a , b ) ) ( twine ( as , bs ) )
> | otherwise = FirstSame a ( twine ' ( as , bs ) )
> untwine ' ( FirstDiffers u v ) = let ( a , a ' ) = untwine ' u in let ( as , bs ) = untwine v in ( a:as , a' : bs )
> untwine ' ( FirstSame a u ) = let ( bs , bs ' ) = untwine ' u in ( a:bs , a:bs ' )
> untwine ' ( LeftNil b bs ) = ( [ ] , b:bs )
> type Natural = Integer
> instance SubDiagonal Natural ( Natural , Natural ) where
> twine ' ( a , b ) = ( a , b-a )
> untwine ' ( a , b ) = ( a , a+b )
> main = do
> quickCheck ( \( x , y ) -> untwine ( twine ( x , y ) ) ==( x : : Bool , y ) )
> quickCheck ( \( x , y ) -> untwine ( twine ( x , y ) ) ==( x : : [ Bool ] , y ) )
> quickCheck ( \( x , y ) -> untwine ( twine ( x , y ) ) ==( x : : ( Bool , [ Bool ] ) , y ) )
> quickCheck ( \( x , y ) -> untwine ( twine ( x , y ) ) ==( x : : ( [ Bool ] , Natural ) , y ) )
> quickCheck ( \( x , y ) -> untwine ( twine ( x , y ) ) ==( x : : [ [ ( Bool , Natural ) ] ] , y ) )
* Main > twine ( [ 1..10 ] , [1,2,3,6,5,6,6,8,9,10,11 :: Integer ] )
Lower ( FirstSame 1 ( FirstSame 2 ( FirstSame 3 ( FirstDiffers ( 4,2 ) ( Upper
( FirstSame 5 ( FirstSame 6 ( FirstDiffers ( 6,1 ) ( Upper ( FirstSame 8
( FirstSame 9 ( FirstSame 10 ( LeftNil 11 [ ] ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
quickCheck
A Closing Puzzle
2
This was going to be part two of three , but I 'm now squashing two parts down to this one article .
So this is the conclusion to what I started in my previous installment Previously I talked about certain things you could do with types built up recursively using addition and multiplication of types - the so - called regular tree types .
But I did n't talk about types that could be built using , ie .
function types .
These types seem somehow different .
The typecontains data pertaining to an a or a b , andcontains data about an a and a b .
Butis something completely different , a function rather than a datastructure .
What I want to show is that this distinction is n't so clear , and that in fact functions can often be replaced by an isomorphic datastructure .
There 's an obvious application for this : memoisation , and most of what I say can be found in a paper by Ralf Hinze on that subject .
However , I have an ulterior motive - computing generalised antidiagonals , and my notation will be biased accordingly .
Firstly , I 'll be using conventional mathematical exponentiation notation for function types , so I 'll use Ato mean the same thing as , ie .
functions mapping fromto .
This will help to make some of the algebra seem more natural .
So let 's start with a type like .
We could also write this as 1 .
From ordinary algebra we might expect this to equal 1 .
Sure enough , there is ( up to pointwise equality ) only one function of type , and it 's called Now consider A . Algebraically this is just A .
In fact , the isomorphism is given by the standard Haskellfunction .
So far we can take any type B , built from singletons and addition , and reduce Ato an isomorphic type with no exponentiation .
Our goal will be to generalise this - for any type B ( well ... as many as possible anyway ) to find a type constructor T such that T [ A ] = A , and in such a way that T is defined without exponentiation .
Such a T is called a ( generalised ) .
Like we did for the antidiagonal we can express this through a multiparameter type class : converts a function into a datastructure andperforms the opposite .
Again we 're going to have the same issues with the antidiagonal .
Haskell can't build tries for us automatically , but various generic forms of Haskell can .
I 'll be using plain Haskell so we 'll be doing a bit of unnecessary labour .
( I did try Hinze 's Generics for the Masses approach but could n't get it to work in this context .
I suspect it can be made to work with more effort . )
So let 's use the same example as in my previous installment , It 's an easy exercise to show thatandare mutual inverses .
Thestores the two possible values that a functioncould take .
But here 's the cool thing : given an expensive to compute function , f , of typeis a datastructure that tells us everything we need to know about f.gives us back our function again , but note how it never needs to call f more than once for each argument .
In other words , we can definewhich automatically converts functions into a memoised form .
Again , mimicking antidiagonals , let 's implement the trie of Next consider products .
This is slightly subtler , but only slightly .
We use A=( A . If we define U [ X ] = Xand V[ X ] = Xthen A=U [ V [ A ] ] .
This all applies recursively .
So let 's try tackling boolean lists again .
We have L = 1+2L . Define T[ X ] =X. So T [ X ] =X=X ( X=X ( T [ X ] ) .
This gives a nice bona fide definition of T. Just as with antidiagonals , it 's annoying to have to write this by hand .
A good generic programming language should be able to build afrom aautomatically :
Here 's a silly example putting this in action on a binary version of the Ackermann function Note how once you 've used ack ' on some arguments , it runs instantly when you reuse it on the same or smaller arguments .
Tries are containers .
So suppose T is the trie corresponding to the type X with T [ A ] isomorphic to A .
What is T [ 1 ] ?
Well it 's just 1 which from basic algebra equals 1 .
Or do look at it another way , it 's the type of all functions taking values in the type 1 .
There 's only one such function and so clearly there is a unique object of type T [ 1 ] and T [ 1 ] must be isomorphic to 1 .
An element of ' 1 ' can be thought of as a type with no information in it .
So if we have a container with elements of 1 in it , it 's as if the slots for those elements have simply been closed off .
So another way to look at T [ 1 ] is that it is a container with all of its slots closed .
So for tries , T [ 1 ] must be equivalent to the trivial type 1 .
At this point , derivatives of containers have become mainstream .
So I do n't need to talk about this and can direct you to the Haskell wikibook if you need to brush up .
So what do we get if we differentiate the trie T ?
T is a container that holds one value for each element of X .
The derivative , T ' , is a trie with a ' hole ' in it .
In other words , it 's a container that contains a value for all elements of X but one .
So what 's T ' [ 1 ] ?
All of the slots in the container have been stuffed with 1 and so are effectively ' closed ' .
But the hole is still there and the whole has n't been ' closed ' .
So a T ' [ 1 ] is a trie where one slot has been singled out as a hole .
But the slots are in one - to - one correspondence with elements of X , and so T ' [ 1 ] =X .
There 's another way to see this .
Define the function on the reals t(y ) =y .
Then t'(y ) =xyso t' ( 1 ) =x .
So it should come as no surprise that T ' [ 1 ] =X . See the Container Types blog for more dicussion of this .
They call F ' [ 1 ] by the name log F .
Their Y can be seen as the operator that maps a type to its trie .
Now , let 's go back to the antidiagonal again .
I showed how to compute X , but you can see that it 's tricky to use the same approach to extend this to X , for arbitrary naturals n.
Instead , consider differentiating T ' to make another hole in the trie .
T' ' [ X ] must be a trie of X's with two holes , but the second hole obviously can't be where the first hole was .
So T ' ' [ 1 ] is a datastructure that consists of nothing but two distinct holes in a T [ 1 ] .
As if by magic , T ' ' [ 1 ] must be X .
There 's another way to see this .
If t(y ) =y , then t'' (y ) =x ( x - 1 ) yso t' ' ( 1 ) =x .
And more generally , T [ 1 ] =X .
And that 's the solution !
So a programming language powerful enough to differentiate types automatically , and powerful enough to build tries automatically ( and Type - Indexed Data Types describes implementations of both of these in Generic Haskell ) allows us to automatically construct the type of n-tuples where all of the elements are distinct .
I 'll leave the code to you as an exercise .
:-)
Let me at least do the algebra for simple binary trees .
Let T be the trie of B so T [ X ] is isomorphic to X ( Exercise : try to draw a picture of this kind of tree .
Because of the nesting of T's it's not a ' regular ' type and you 'll find yourself rapidly needing a lot of paper ! ) .
So now we getIe . T ' [ 1 ]
=BAnd that 's a perfectly respectable recursive definition for T ' ' [ 1 ] .
I 'll leave you to write the code .
( It does work - this is actually the point which I started from ... )
You can think of differentiation as annihilating an element of a container , leaving only a hole as the ' trace ' that it was there before .
So it 's pretty weird that annihilating a 1 from a T [ 1 ] actually creates an X .
It 's almost as if T [ 1 ] is some kind of vacuum and X is an anti-particle .
Weirder still , when we do this twice we get two distinct X's .
So it 's as if T [ 1 ] is some kind of vacuum for fermionic X's .
This is n't completely insane .
In quantum field theory we use differential operators to create and annihilate particles .
I have n't written the code , but it ought to be possible to go further and define X /n! for instances of .
This is the type of n-tuples where the elements are distinct and in order .
I expect you can construct this using a similar recursive technique to the way I built up the antidiagonal .
I do n't know how to get an overline with HTML so I can't use Knuth 's notation for this .
But I expect that for instances ofthere 's a similar method that can be used to define X ( X+1 ) ... ( X+n - 1 ) /n!.
This is the type of non-decreasing n- tuples , or , equivalently , n- element multisets .
I 'm not sure , but I think this may conflict with what Abbott et al. say in their paper on Derivatives of Containers where they want to identify exp ( X ) with multisets .
I think it should be the sum of X ( X+1 ) ... ( X+n - 1 ) /n! , not the sum of X /n!.
But as that 's just a sketch in the final paragraph of the paper , maybe I should n't get too worried about it .
( If you 're still reading Conor ... )
Also , many identities satisfied by falling factorial should correspond to isomorphisms implementable in Haskell .
And I 'm sure there must be an Umbral Calculus connection .
And an important final note : X -> Xis not a functor .
So do n't even think about differentiating it .
Changed my mind .
Here 's some code for implementing X /2!.
Call the set of pairs ( a , a ' ) with a
Labels : haskell , types
Fox News airs bizarre claim that Hillary ordered hit on cats David Edwards and Jason Rhyne
Published : Wednesday November 7 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Fox News on Wednesday aired a bizarre accusation that Sen. Hillary Clinton is connected with the murder of two cats .
Sen .
Clinton 's accuser is Kathleen Willey , the one - time White House aide who in 1993 claimed to have been groped by then - president Bill Clinton in the Oval Office .
Willey raised the strange cat - killing allegation -- and a raft of others -- in her new book , Target : Caught in the Crosshairs of Bill and Hillary Clinton .
The Fox and Friends morning program detailed charges in the book that Willey 's cat , Bullseye , was the victim of a targeted hit by a Clinton - hired henchman .
" A man , he was pretending to be a jogger , he came up to me and just asked did I ever find my cat ? "
Willey told the New York Sun , who also picked up the cat story Wednesday .
" He mentioned my cat by name and [ said ] , ' Yeah , that Bullseye was a really nice cat . ' "
Willey told the Sun the abducted cat was part of an intimidation plan organized by the Clintons after she was called to testify in Paula Jones ' sexual harassment suit against the president .
" But it did n't stop there , " said Fox News host Brian Kilmeade .
" Does the name Fluffy mean anything to you ?
A year later she bought a cat , named it Fluffy .
That cat ended up dead as well underneath the porch .
She thinks somehow , and she claims somehow , the person who did this is linked back to Hillary . "
Willey appears to found her accusations on the word of conservative talk show host Melanie Morgan , who says she had a conversation in which a private investigator named Jack Palladino all but admitted to being the culprit in the cat business .
" The only regret that I had about the whole thing was that Hillary did not pay me in a timely fashion , " the P.I. allegedly said , according to Morgan 's account .
But the online newspaper WorldNetDaily , which is affiliated with the publisher of Willey 's book , reported on Wednesday that Palladino denied those charges outright and is even threatening a libel lawsuit .
" It 's total fantasy , " Palladino said .
" No , that 's too kind ; it 's a lie . "
The cat killings are the least of Willey 's accusations against the Clintons , who she suspects -- wholly without evidence -- were involved in the murder of her husband .
She also contends the couple orchestrated the attempted theft of an early manuscript of Target .
The UK's Daily Mail also published a story on those claims , which the conservative website Drudge Report linked to in a banner reading " Here comes Kathleen . "
At the close of their Clinton segment , Fox and Friends offered the disclaimer that the new book 's publisher , World Ahead , had " from time to time bashed the Clintons . "
The company is also behind such titles as I 've Always Been A Yankees Fan : Hillary Clinton in Her Own Words and Their Lives : The Women Targeted by the Clinton Machine .
Left - leaning watchdog group Media Matters has more on Willey 's suspicion that the Clintons were involved in her husband 's death .
The following video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast on November 6 , 2007 .
The Eee PC 's journey from introduction to mass production has n't been filled with too many surprises , and aside from the obligatory price release date speculation , unexpected Russian review and even more chatter over the almighty pricetag , it 's been a pretty smooth ride .
Granted , everyone and their long lost cousin was buzzing about the potential of getting a fully - featured machine in their laps for under two bills , but as these things always seem to go , final figures ( for individual consumers , at least ) managed to creep up a fair bit .
Price hikes or not , it did n't seem to matter much come launch day , as dear ole NewEgg managed to sell right out of its initial allotment , though we 're left to wonder if it did n't really have a few more to go around .
Regardless , just about everyone who managed to get ahold of Asus ' little darling came away impressed , if not thoroughly pleased , with how much functionality was stuffed into a sub -$ 400 , two - pound ultraportable .
Of course , critics were not hesitant to admit that the bugger was n't perfect , and we 've all ideas that a number of you early adopters out there share similar sentiments .
So without further ado , why not give the world a piece of your mind on the matter ?
How would you meliorate the Eee PC ?
Make it more functional , more fashionable or just ( even ) more affordable ?
Chime on in below with your recommendations for the Eee PC Rev. B -- it 's not like we do n't already know it 's coming
On tonight 's Countdown , Keith Olbermann talks with Sy Hersh of The New Yorker Magazine about the intensifying sabre rattling from the Bush administration toward Iran .
Hersh claims his sources are telling him that Bush is not only changing targets in Iran , but also the reasons for attacking .
Hersh also asserts the intelligence community is very concerned about the threat of asymmetrical warfare in the aftermath of any sort of strategic strike within Iran , and that the Bush administration has been made aware of those concerns .
Download Download
Keith touches on today 's White House press briefing where Press Secretary Dana Perino smugly dismisses Hersch 's latest claims , repeatedly stating the president 's desire to pursue diplomatic options with Iran .
You can see the full video of that presser below .
Download Download
Q This weekend the New Yorker magazine came out with an article claiming that this summer the President , or at least the White House in general , asked the Joint Chiefs to redraw plans to attack Iran .
Is that true ?
MS .
PERINO : Look , you know , I 'm glad you brought it up .
Every two months or so , Sy Hersh writes an article in The New Yorker magazine , and CNN provides him a forum in which to talk about his article and all the anonymous sources that are quoted in it .
Read more of the transcript ...
Note the non-denial denial , all questioning Hersh and not the content of his story .
It 's deja vu , all over again .
John 's talked about watching the stock shows , and I have to admit that I do occasionally catch them myself , but far less frequently than he does , mostly because I find them bizarrely contradictory and less than useful .
The same set of conditions can be characterized as being the precipice of a recession , the warning of a deep depression or positive signs of growth , depending on which talking head is looking at it .
What I know of the economy is both informed by friends in the financial industry and just common sense of looking at the circumstances of people all around me .
And what it 's telling me is that things just are n't looking good for most Americans .
I just came across a study that confirms that gut feeling and then some .
Demos and IASP / Brandeis have released a study that shows that the middle class is hanging by a thread .
Some of their findings ( full .pdf here ) :
Overall Economic Security
* Only 31 percent of middle - income families match our profile for being securely middle class .
That is , despite falling into the broad range that defines middle - class " income , " fewer than one in three families has the necessary combination of other factors to ensure middle - class security .
* Our Index results vary by race .
Thirty - four percent of white middle - income families are securely in the middle class , as compared to 26 percent of African - American middle - income families and only 18 percent of Latino middle - income families .
* One in four middle - class families matches our profile for being at high risk of slipping out of the middle class altogether .
* One in five ( 21 percent ) white families is at high risk for slipping out of the middle class , as compared to one in three ( 33 percent ) African - American headed households and an alarming two in five ( 41 percent ) Latino families .
Lack of Assets *
More than half of middle - class families have no net financial assets whatsoever - that is , no financial assets or debt levels that exceed their assets .
* Only 13 percent of middle - class families have sufficient assets to meet three - quarters of their essential living expenses for nine months , should their source of income disappear .
* About four out of five middle - class families do not have sufficient assets to cover three quarters of essential living expenses for even three months should their source of income disappear .
We defined essential living expenses as food , housing , clothing , transportation , health care , personal care , education , personal insurance and pensions .
* Middle - class families have a median debt of $ 3,500 and median net assets of $ 0 .
Insufficient Income to Meet Living Expenses , Cover Housing Costs , and Buy Healthcare *
Twenty - one percent of middle - class families have less than $ 100 per week ( $ 5,000 per year ) remaining after meeting essential living expenses .
These families are living from paycheck to paycheck with very little margin of security .
* In nearly one out of four middle - class families ( 23 percent ) , at least one family member lacks health insurance of any kind .
* Twenty - eight percent of middle - class families spend 30 percent or more of their income on housing expenses , putting them above federal guidelines for housing affordability .
For me personally , THESE are the real issues that the presidential candidates need to address , not diamonds or pearls or whether the top 1 % should have their tax cuts made permanent .
This kind of disparity and insecurity for the vast majority of Americans should be considered an abomination in the last remaining superpower .
The tipster who filled us in on the real story behind the hacked iPhone that appeared on Saturday Night Live also linked us to this video which never aired that night , cut for another sketch that ran long .
In fact , it may be the last in the series ever produced given the recent writers strike .
And it 's a shame , because while it 's certainly funny , the clip is also educational , tutoring us geeks in advanced punch 'n run techniques .
Do we smell a new chapter in Jason Chen 's iPhone book ?
We certainly hope so .
Advertisement
by Staff | January 8 , 2007 8:34 AM | Permalink | Comments ( 9 )
According to the police , the taking of this photograph in a public street constituted a criminal act .
So now we know how Connecticut has spent " homeland security " dollars sent here since 9/11 : to build photo databases of peace activists and set them up for bogus arrests .
As we reported Friday , police hauled activist / journalist Ken Krayeske to jail -- for daring to take this photo of Gov. Jodi Rell at her inaugural parade .
Turns out Krayeske , a pacifist , was on a list of potential troublemakers compiled by the state cops .
Click here , and scroll to Dan Levine 's comment , to read about the post - 9/11 program under which state cops sent Krayeske 's photo to the parade route .
Click here and here for stories about this outrage by Independent Capitol correspondent Christine Stuart , including an updated version of her original story the original police report added and a lively debate underneath .
And click here to join a caption contest on Krayeske 's website .
Click here to read a Hartford Courant article in which an eyewitness contradicts the official police version of the incident .
... and Doug Hardy , an associate editor of the Journal Inquirer in Manchester , backs Krayeske in a passionate letter here .
Posted by : Mikey Benny | February 18 , 2007 10:21 AM
Connecticut is crazy ; first Julie Amero , now this .
Note to self : skip the trip to Hartford .
Posted by : Ariel Liebowitz | February 18 , 2007 11:57 AM
Wow , glad I do n't live there any more .
A fine police state it 's turned into .
Posted by : Jeromy | February 18 , 2007 1:12 PM
Sounds like something the Church of Scientology would do .
I would like to see what the official charge would be when Ken gets to court .
Posted by : Sean | February 18 , 2007 2:14 PM
Wow , talk about a biased article .
He was arrested for " charging " at Rell and because he has a history of making disturbances .
The police definitely over - reacted , but I can't see what the hell homeland security or anti-terrorism money has to do with this .
You 're twisting this for your own means .
Yell at the police for being crazy about this situation , but seriously , stop being such a moron .
Posted by : 1stOne | February 18 , 2007 2:17 PM
This is the kind of crap that indicates that change is a coming .
Posted by : Joe | February 18 , 2007 2:20 PM
An American critical of the Iraq War who also happens to be a free - lance journalist and photographer , takes a picture of a Republican Governor in public during her inaugural parade , and he 's arrested .
Claims that police intercepted him going toward the governor where contradicted by reliable eye witnesses such as Eliot Streim , a Hartford lawyer who was watching the parade with a colleague , said police did not intercept Krayeske as he ran into the parade route .
On the contrary , Krayeske photographed the governor without incident and was detained by police only after Rell had passed by , Streim said .
So he snapped the picture without incident and later they quietly arrested him and made up a story that he was a threat .
Welcome to Nazi Germany .
Posted by : rob enderle | February 18 , 2007 4:00 PM
Gee , imagine if this happened in China ( or any other country we dont like ) ?
We 'd be hearing about this nonstop on the news ?
I live in Canada now and there was a Iranian - Canadian photographer who went back to Iran and was killed there while in police custody .
The photographer had fled its home country over two decades ago and was taking pictures of jails and other government buildings .
To top it off , she was a woman * which we know what that means .
Needless to say many pundits said she did nothing wrong , she was a free woman , ...rights..blah ; blah ....
When famed journalists like Robert Fisk get barred from entering the US , we never hear of it .
But bloggers in some third world countries we dont like get tons of coverage .
Posted by : Ryan | February 18 , 2007 4:21 PM
I'm a photojournalist and during school we were taught that photographers could take photos in a public place as long as the lens is of normal length .
That means probably nothing over 300 mm , if it 's a large glass then it might need to be a shorter length .
This is rather concerning though .
C++ Bashing
I did this talk at the CCC camp 2007 .
As you can see , C++ is really complex , and so a few mistakes crept in .
First of all , exceptions in constructors do call local destructors , but only if the exception is caught .
I did not catch it when I tested this , and in that case the runtime just calls terminate , which immediately terminates the process without cleaning anything up .
I should have tried that but did not and just assumed the other case is handled in the same way .
Here is my test program , and here is one that shows it works if you catch the exception .
Also , I botched the constructor and vtable of base class slide .
The issue is more complex than that .
This C++ source code illustrates the issue .
It was taken from this nice list of C++ pitfalls .
Thanks to Immanuel Scholz for pointing these out .
How to send large files quickly ?
Typically upload time should n’t exceed 30 minutes for large files .
Smaller files take even shorter time frames to upload ....
Read More Sometimes lasting just seconds .
Once uploaded , files are hosted on our cloud - based servers for approximately three weeks .
During this period , the recipient can repeatedly download the uploaded files from any supported device .
... Hide
Back in May , the Justice Department issued some proposed legislation to tighten US intellectual property laws and to criminalize some forms of " attempted infringement . "
Now , legislation based on the proposals has been introduced in Congress by Rep. Steve Chabot ( R - OH ) , complete with stiffer jail terms for violators and the controversial " attempted infringement " clause .
H.R. 3155 , the Intellectual Property Enhanced Criminal Enforcement Act of 2007 , aims widely .
Everything gets a section : unauthorized recording of films in theaters , circumventing copy protection , trafficking in counterfeit goods .
The bill even directs the Attorney General to send federal prosecutors to take up permanent residence in Hong Kong and Budapest and specifies the number and makeup of FBI investigative teams .
In most cases , the bill appears to simply double existing penalties .
Section 12 alone , for instance , makes a 10 - year prison term into a 20 - year term , three years into six , five into 10 , and six into 12 .
Poof !
More prison time !
One of the bill 's controversial features is the fact that people can be charged with criminal copyright infringement even if such infringement has not actually taken place .
" Any person who attempts to commit an offense under paragraph ( 1 ) shall be subject to the same penalties as those prescribed for the offense , the commission of which was the object of the attempt , " says the bill .
While copyright infringement is sometimes believed to be solely a civil matter , that 's not the case .
US Code 17 , section 506 ( a ) spells out the conditions for criminal infringement under which the government can actually do the prosecuting , and they are quite modest .
The infringement must be willful , and the material in question must have a total retail value of over $ 1,000 .
This would n't be a difficult threshold for many P2P users to clear , except for the fact that this section also requires that the infringement be done " for purposes of commercial advantage or private financial gain . "
The attempted infringement clause actually falls under this criminal infringement statute , meaning that it wo n't apply to file - sharing unless the courts suddenly take a hugely expansive view of " commercial advantage or private financial gain , " and it 's unlikely the government has some new interest in such cases .
The bill is full of the sort of things that groups like the EFF are n't going to like , and in fact the EFF has already issued a statement condemning the legislation .
One of their concerns is that a small change to the law could have big effects on casual file - sharers for a different reason : P2P users could face greater penalties for infringement after statutory damages are expanded .
The bill allows " a judge to dole out damages for each separate piece of a derivative work or compilation , rather than treating it as one work , " wrote Derek Slater , " for example , copying an entire album could translate into damages for each individual track , even if the copyrights in those tracks are n't separately registered . "
Update : Readers have pointed out that " criminal infringement " cases can be brought if someone distributes copyrighted work for commerical gain or ( not and ) if they distribute work valued at more than $ 1,000 over a 180 - day period ( thanks to the No Electronic Theft Act ) .
A third category applies to anyone who leaks copyrighted works before they are scheduled to be released .
While the feds still remain unlikely to prosecute P2P users , the standard for doing so is lower than originally indicated in the article , and makes the " attempted infringement " section even more disturbing .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran has agreed to hold a new round of talks soon with the United States on how to improve security in Iraq , Iran ’s foreign minister said on Tuesday .
Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki attend a joint Opec Oil and Foreign Ministers meeting in Riyadh , November 16 , 2007 .
Iran has agreed to hold a new round of talks soon with the United States on how to improve security in Iraq , Iran 's foreign minister said on Tuesday .
REUTERS / Susan Baaghil
Ambassadors of the two old enemies , deeply at odds over who is to blame for the violence in Iraq as well as over Tehran ’s disputed nuclear ambitions , have held three meetings in Baghdad since May on Iraq , but the last one was three months ago .
Washington accuses Iran of arming , funding and training Shi’ite militias in Iraq .
Tehran blames the sectarian violence , which has killed tens of thousands of Iraqis , on the U.S. - led invasion to topple Saddam Hussein in 2003 .
In Washington , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said Iraq ’s government had approached all sides and asked that the three meet again to discuss Iraqi security issues .
“ We have said yes that we would agree to that , ” he said .
The United States had not received a reply from Iran and that no date for talks has been set , McCormack said .
U.S. officials have appeared to soften their rhetoric about Iran ’s involvement in Iraq and some analysts say Iran also may be trying to reduce tension by restraining Shi’ite militias there and restricting arms crossing the border .
Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said Iran had received the U.S. request via the Swiss Embassy in Tehran , which represents U.S. interests in the country after Washington severed ties following the 1979 Islamic revolution .
“ Iran is agreeing to this request in the framework of the policy of helping the Iraqi government and nation and ( supporting ) stability and security in this country , ” state radio quoted Mottaki as saying .
“ These negotiations will be held in a near future , ” he said .
“ PROPER DIALOGUE ”
In Baghdad , Iraqi government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh said he hoped the next round of U.S. - Iran talks would encourage understanding between the two countries , foster security and stability in Iraq and reduce tension in the region .
This year ’s Iranian - U.S. talks on Iraq ’s security situation eased a diplomatic freeze that lasted almost three decades , even though Tehran and Washington are embroiled in a deepening stand - off over Iran ’s nuclear ambitions .
“ It is an open channel of communication and we have said that we would avail ourselves of it if we thought it would be particularly effective , ” McCormack said .
Iraq last week said it was encouraged by signs of a thaw in ties between the two countries over Iraq but it wanted them to have a “ proper dialogue ” about the issue .
A fourth round would follow the U.S. military ’s release this month of nine Iranian prisoners held in Iraq .
The U.S. military has also said that unofficial assurances from Iran that it would stop the flow of bombs into Iraq appeared to be holding .
U.S. officials have also noted a decision in August by Moqtada al - Sadr , head of the Mehdi Army Shi’ite militia , to call a cease - fire .
They say Sadr has close links with Iran .
With Shi’ite Muslims now in power in Baghdad , ties have strengthened between the two oil - producing states since 2003 .
In the nuclear row , the United States accuses Tehran of seeking to build atom bombs , a charge Iran denies .
Washington has refused to rule out military action , while saying it remains committed to seeking a diplomatic solution to the stand - off .
Site Purpose and Fair Use
The purpose of this site is to educate the public on the topics of ' severe weather " and its effects on the " maritime service " .
Articles are drawn from a variety of sources both government and private and re posted in partial or full text .
Article credit is linked or posted .
The information contained on this site is for educational purposes only and is not intended for any particular person and or circumstance nor for profit .
The author of this site makes no express warranties or guarantees .
Doctoral student Alexander Wissner - Gross ( above ) and Efthimios Kaxiras , Gordon McKay Professor of Applied Physics , have shown that treated diamond coatings can keep water frozen at body temperature .
Photo : Stephanie Mitchell / Harvard University
Harvard physicists have shown that specially treated diamond coatings can keep water frozen at body temperature , a finding that may have applications in future medical implants .
Doctoral student Alexander Wissner - Gross and Efthimios Kaxiras , physics professor and Gordon McKay Professor of Applied Physics , spent a year building and examining computer models that showed that a layer of diamond coated with sodium atoms will keep water frozen up to 108 degrees Fahrenheit .
In ice , water molecules are arranged in a rigid framework that gives the substance its hardness .
The process of melting is somewhat like a building falling down : pieces that had been arranged into a rigid structure move and flow against one another , becoming liquid water .
The computer model shows that whenever a water molecule near the diamond - sodium surface starts to fall out of place , the surface stabilizes it and reassembles the crystalline ice structure .
Simulations show that the process works only for layers of ice so thin they ’re just a few molecules wide — three nanometers at room temperature and two nanometers at body temperature .
A nanometer is a billionth of a meter .
The layer should be thick enough to form a biologically compatible shield over the diamond surface and to make diamond coatings more useful in medical devices , Wissner - Gross said .
The work is not the first showing that water can freeze at high temperatures .
Dutch scientists had shown previously that ice can form at room temperature if placed between a tiny tungsten tip and a graphite surface .
Kaxiras and Wissner - Gross ’s work shows that ice can be maintained over a large area at body temperature and pressure .
Device manufacturers have been considering using diamond coatings in medical implants because of their hardness .
Concerns have been raised , however , because the coatings are difficult to get absolutely smooth , abrasion of the tissue surrounding the implant could result , and that diamond might have a higher chance of causing blood clots than other materials .
Wissner - Gross said a two - nanometer layer of ice would just fill the pits in the diamond surface , smoothing it out and discouraging clotting proteins from attaching to the surface .
“ It should be just soft enough and water - friendly enough to smooth out diamond ’s disadvantages , ” Wissner - Gross said .
Wissner - Gross and Kaxiras are planning experiments to confirm the computerized findings in the real world .
Wissner - Gross said they expect results within a year .
“ We ’re reasonably confident we ’ll be able to realize the effect experimentally , ” Wissner - Gross said .
Wissner - Gross , who has been a doctoral student at Harvard since 2003 , said the research grew out of an interest in the physical interaction of nanostructured surfaces with molecules that are biologically relevant , such as water .
Diamond films are growing cheaper , Wissner - Gross said , and as their cost declines the array of possible uses of the material grows wider .
“ We both had this notion that it would be very interesting to combine theory with respect to diamond surfaces with what ’s going on in cryobiology , ” Wissner - Gross said .
“ We were thinking about how we could leverage this long - term trend [ of declining prices ] to do something interesting in the medical field . ”
The work has won Wissner - Gross the 2007 Dan David Prize Scholarship from Tel Aviv University and the 2007 Graduate Student Silver Award from the Materials Research Society .
Wissner - Gross , who expects to graduate in June 2008 , said he plans to continue work not only on this project , but on other efforts concerning the physics of surfaces that have novel properties .
Source : Harvard University , by Alvin Powell
" Our First Line of Defense " Presidential Reflections on US Intelligence ( U )
( Portrait )
George Bush is the only former Director of Central Intelligence to become President .
His experience as DCI gave him a keen understanding of the intelligence process and product .
With the demise of the Soviet Union , Bush declared that a " New World Order " had emerged , perhaps less dangerous than when the US and USSR had nuclear weapons targeted on one another , but dangerous nonetheless .
The war against Iraq and the US intervention in Somalia made this point clear .
Throughout his visits to CIA headquarters , President Bush emphasized that intelligence is still a vital commodity in the post - Soviet world .
" A STRONG NATION REQUIRES a strong intelligence organization . "
President George Bush , News conference , 8 May 1991
" BUT I AM CONFIDENT THAT history will honor the " cold warriors " of the Agency , of CIA :
The men and women who struggled in the shadows , sent messages over the airwaves , smuggled forbidden books and magazines , all to help pierce the Iron Curtain .
History will praise the secret strategies and operations , the personal valor and organizational excellence that gave our intelligence community success in its cold war mission .
" [ T ] he challenge of the excellent men and women in Langley and elsewhere in the intelligence community , is to move beyond the cold war to the complex problems of the 21st century .
Tomorrow 's intelligence community will need to consolidate and extend freedom 's gains against totalitarianism .
Intelligence will enhance our protection against terrorism , against the drug menace .
Intelligence will help our policymakers understand emerging economic opportunities and challenges .
It will help us thwart anyone who tries to steal our technology or otherwise refuses to play by the competitive rules .
It will help us seek peace and avert conflicts in regions of dangerous tension .
" [ I ] am absolutely convinced -- and I have a responsibility , I think , to the American people to see that this is true -- but I am absolutely convinced that we have the finest intelligence service in the world .
It is second to none .
And as President of the United States of America I intend to keep it that way , to support it , to strengthen it , and to honor those who serve with such selfless dedication . "
President George Bush Remarks to former members of the OSS , 23 October 1991
" WE NEED A STRONG intelligence community to consolidate and extend freedom 's gains against totalitarianism .
We need intelligence to verify historic arms reduction accords .
We need it to suppress terrorism and drug trafficking .
And we must have intelligence to thwart anyone who tries to steal our technology or otherwise refuses to play by fair economic rules .
We must have vigorous intelligence capabilities if we 're to stop the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
And so , this is truly a life - or - death mission .
In sum , intelligence remains our basic national instrument for anticipating danger , military , political , and economic .
Intelligence is and always will be our first line of defense , enabling us to ward off emerging threats whenever possible before any damage is done .
It can also be a means of anticipating opportunities . "
President George Bush , Swearing - in ceremony of Robert Gates as DCI , 12 November 1991
[ AND ] I THINK THAT THE WORK of this Agency and of the intelligence community through the years really probably will never get the credit that it deserves for effecting these changes [ in the fall of the former Soviet Union ] , for your role in bringing about these changes and having Presidents hopefully make informed decisions on the world we face . "
President George Bush , Central Intelligence Agency , 8 January 1993
FOIA
documents
about :
This web site is best
viewed in full screen
( 1024x768 ) and
medium font with
Internet Explorer 5 or
higher and Netscape
6 or higher .
If someday we have a world without journalists , or at least without editors , what would the news agenda look like ?
How would citizens make up a front page differently than professional news people ?
If a new crop of user - news sites — and measures of user activity on mainstream news sites — are any indication , the news agenda will be more diverse , more transitory , and often draw on a very different and perhaps controversial list of sources , according to a new study .
The report , released by the Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) , compared the news agenda of the mainstream media for one week with the news agenda found on a host of user - news sites for the same period .
In a week when the mainstream press was focused on Iraq and the debate over immigration , the three leading user - news sites — Reddit , Digg and Del.icio.us — were more focused on stories like the release of Apple ’s new iphone and that Nintendo had surpassed Sony in net worth , according to the study .
The report also found subtle differences in three other forms of user - driven content within one site : Yahoo News ’ Most Recommended , Most Viewed , and Most Emailed .
The question of whether citizens define the news differently than professionals is becoming increasingly relevant .
It started with offering visitors a sense of what others found interesting : what news stories were most emailed and most viewed ?
Soon , establishment news sites like CBSNews.com allowed users to make their own newscasts .
Then , names like Digg , Reddit and Del.icio.us emerged as virtual town squares that became a way to measure the pulse of what the web community finds most newsworthy , most captivating , or just amusing .
The trend continues , as even Myspace , the social networking site popular among 20 - somethings , has launched a news page ( http://news.myspace.com).
Indeed , these user - driven sites have entered the news business , or perhaps more accurately , they have entered the news dissemination business .
Reporting is not a part of their charge .
Instead , they turn to others for content and then they bestow users with the task of deciding what makes it on the page .
What do individuals do with that power ?
What kind of events or issues do they choose to highlight ?
And how does it differ from the news the mainstream press offers ?
To find out , PEJ took a snapshot of coverage from the week of June 24 to June 29 , 2007 , on three sites that offer user - driven news agendas : Digg , Del.icio.us and Reddit .
In addition , the Project studied Yahoo News , an outlet that offers an editor - based news page and three different lists of user - ranked news : Most Recommended , Most Viewed , and Most Emailed .
These sites were then compared with the news agenda found in the 48 mainstream news outlets contained in PEJ ’s News Coverage Index .
A total of 644 stories from the three user - driven sites and Yahoo News ’s three most popular pages were coded for the study and then compared to 1,395 stories from the same time period in PEJ ’s News Coverage Index .
The report first compared the content of the user - sites to that of the mainstream press .
Next , it compared the three user - sites to each other .
Finally , the study looked at the three user - oriented pages on Yahoo News , comparing them to Yahoo ’s editor - selected news page , to the other user - sites , and to each other .
Some key findings include :
The news agenda of the three user - sites that week was markedly different from that of the mainstream press .
Many of the stories users selected did not appear anywhere among the top stories in the mainstream media coverage studied .
And there was often little in the way of follow - up .
Most stories on the user - news sites appeared only once , never to be repeated again in the week we studied .
The sources user news sites draw on are strikingly different from the mainstream media .
Seven in ten stories on the user sites come either from blogs or Web sites such as YouTube and WebMd that do not focus mostly on news .
The three user news sites differed from one another in subtle ways .
Reddit was the most likely to focus on political events from Washington , such as coverage of Vice President Cheney ; Digg was particularly focused on the release of Apple ’s new iPhone ; Del.icio.us had the most fragmented mix of stories and the least overlap with the News Index .
On Yahoo News — even when picking from a limited list of stories Yahoo editors had already pared down — users ’ top stories only rarely matched those of the news professionals .
There were mostly similarities in what people are most likely to email each other versus what they recommend or view on Yahoo News .
But there were some differences .
Most Recommended stories focused more on “ news you can use ” such as advice from the World Health Organization to exercise one ’s legs during long flights ; the Most Viewed stories were often breaking news , more sensational in nature , with a heavy dose of crime and celebrity ; and the Most Emailed stories were more diverse , with a mix of the practical and the oddball .
Despite claims that the Web would internationalize consumers ’ news diets , coverage across the three user - news sites focused more on domestic events and less on news from abroad than the mainstream media that week .
Yahoo
News , both on its main news page and three most popular pages , meanwhile , stood out for being decidedly more international that week .
In short , the user - news agenda , at least in this one - week snapshot , was more diverse , yet also more fragmented and transitory than that of the mainstream news media .
This does not mean necessarily that users disapprove or reject the mainstream news agenda .
These user sites may be supplemental for audiences .
They may gravitate to them in addition to , rather than instead of , traditional venues .
But the agenda they set is nonetheless quite different .
This initial report is based on a limited sample — a one week snapshot — to get a first sense of differences and similarities in user - driven and mainstream media .
PEJ intends in a future study to delve further into this area of research .
The Big Picture
Past research by PEJ has found that week - to - week mainstream media tend to focus on a handful of major events that they monitor continuously over the course of a week or a month .
Whether it be floods in the Midwest , the death of Anna Nicole Smith or debate over the President ’s “ surge ” policy in Iraq , a sizable amount of airtime or space is often spent on just a handful of “ big ” stories of the week .
The week of June 24 was no different .
There were no major breaking events demanding special media attention , but a handful of stories emphasizing political events in Washington and conflicts abroad dominated .
During that week , the immigration debate led the coverage , accounting for 10 % of all news stories in the News Coverage Index .
That was followed by coverage of a major fire near Lake Tahoe ( 6 % ) , the failed bombings in the United Kingdom ( 6 % ) , events on the ground in Iraq ( 6 % ) , Supreme Court decisions ( 5 % ) , the 2008 presidential election ( 4 % ) , flooding in Texas ( 4 % ) , the policy debate in the capitol over the war in Iraq ( 4 % ) , U.S. domesticterrorism ( 3 % ) , and the missing pregnant woman in Ohio ( 3 % ) .
In all , the top ten stories that week accounted for 51 % of all the stories in the Index .
In the user - generated sites , these stories were barely visible .
Overall , just 5 % of the stories captured on these three sites overlapped with the ten most widely - covered stories in the Index ( 13 % for Reddit , 4 % for Digg , and 0 % for Del.icio.us ) .
The immigration debate in Congress , the biggest single story of the week in the mainstream media , appeared just once as a top - ten story on Reddit , and not at all on Digg and Del.icio.us .
Similarly , the war in Iraq accounted for 10 % of all stories in the Index and seven percent in the Yahoo - user material .
Across the three user - news sites , it amounted to about 1 % .
What were the favorite stories on the user - driven sites ?
For the most part , there were no dominant ones .
The only story with any real traction was the release of the Apple iPhone , and that was just on one site ( it accounted for 16 % of the stories on Digg that week ) .
Otherwise , users put forth a mix of diverse and unconnected news events from day to day .
On the morning of June 26 on Digg , for example , a story about intelligent design topped the list followed by a story about a woman suing record labels for malicious prosecution .
But by 5 pm that day , both had vanished from the top ten .
Digital rights management ( DRM ) technology has deep flaws despite the hope of content providers that encrypted files will deter illegal file sharing , a computer security researcher said Monday .
DRM is a catch - all term for a variety of methods used to limit content sharing .
Techniques include digital encryption of songs and encoded limits on the number of times content can be accessed .
But DRM technologies are far from foolproof , and the ones developed so far have been easily circumvented by adept hackers , said Ian Brown , a senior research manager at the Cambridge - MIT Institute in England .
DRM wo n't protect the music and film industries , which have spent the last decade lobbying for new laws to protect their content but neglected trying to find better ways to monetize their offerings , he said .
Bands such as U2 and the Grateful Dead use their music more as a promotional tool , relying on touring and merchandise for revenue , he said .
" It 's the business models that need changing , not the technology , " said Brown , whose doctoral thesis in part covered DRM technologies .
He spoke at the Changing Media Summit in London .
DRM technology is simple but making it work is difficult , Brown said .
The data has to be decrypted to be used , and the " analog hole " remains -- the ability for determined bootleggers to use a microphone or regular video camera to record content for posting on file - sharing networks .
So - called " watermarks " -- instructions regulating the usage of the file that are invisible to the users -- can be removed by a determined programmer , allowing them to post a file to a P - to - P ( peer to peer ) network , Brown said .
The algorithms used for watermarks are still " primitive , " Brown said .
DRM technologies may be most effective for time - based events where encryption would only have to hold for a short period , such as the broadcast of a live sports event , Brown said .
Closely Watched
The progression of DRM technology is closely watched .
Music and film industry officials argue that DRM is crucial to preserving revenue in the face of piracy .
Consumer advocates say DRM technologies can be too restrictive for consumers who legitimately paid for content and want to share it on several devices .
" Fundamentally , it 's an anti-user technology , " Brown said .
" It 's a technology that allows content owners to provide data to their customers with restrictions on how they can use it that are n't justified by copyright law .
Microsoft is incorporating features into its next - generation OS , Windows Vista , to take advantage of DRM capabilities of TPM ( trusted platform module ) chipsets .
TPM chip sets have the capability to store the keys , passwords , or certificates attached to DRM - enabled files and only allow decoding by authorized users .
France is debating legislation that would require companies developing DRM technologies to provide enough information so other companies can make interoperable systems .
Apple Computer has lashed out at the measure , saying it will encourage music piracy .
The celebrity gossip blog TMZ.com and its owners , AOL and Time Warner , are in hot water after TMZ published the entire manuscript of the macabre OJ Simpson murder tell - all If I Did It yesterday .
TMZ posted a link to the bizarre 118 - page manuscript ( UPDATE : the PDF of the manuscript is 118 pages but the manuscript itself is actually more than 200 pages ) but had removed it by midday , leaving only a couple of excerpts of the book online – including one in which Simpson describes killing his ex-wife while a friend of his named " Charlie " watched him do it .
Today TMZ reported that it received a takedown notice from a trustee overseeing the bankruptcy case of Simpson – but not before hundreds , if not thousands , of people likely downloaded it and passed it on to friends .
Last week a bankruptcy judge granted the family of Ron Goldman ( the man who was brutally stabbed , along with Simpson 's ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson ) copyright ownership of the manuscript so that Simpson can't resell the book to another publisher and make a profit from it .
The victims ' families were awarded a $ 33.5 million judgment against Simpson in 1997 , but Simpson has managed to avoid paying it by declaring bankruptcy .
The Goldman family can reap profits from the book now if it 's resold to another publisher .
The trustee overseeing the bankruptcy case took court action ( pdf ) against TMZ.com for posting the manuscript and wants the web site to disclose where it got the book .
According to the trustee , TMZ , along with AOL and Time Warner , have caused harm to the Goldman family and others by diminishing the value of the book and ruining the chance of making any money off of future sales .
Of course it 's a bit ironic that Time Warner – known for going after copyright infringers of its movies – is now in the hot seat for violating someone else 's copyright .
See this action that Warner Brothers took in January against a blogger who was offering content from WB movies .
The Simpson manuscript , which I managed to read before it was taken down , is composed of eight chapters and contains a significant number of typos and missing page headers , suggesting it's not the final version of the book , though very close to the final .
In it , Simpson recounts his tempestuous relationship with Nicole .
It 's a strange read primarily because Simpson sounds so genial throughout most of it – that is , until you get to the chapter entitled " The Night in Question " in which he describes killing Nicole .
The tone of that chapter is much different from the rest of the book .
Throughout most of the book he describes Nicole as an out - of - control crazy lady who was constantly playing emotional games with him and was hooked on cocaine during the weeks before she died .
He , however , is depicted as a mostly - understanding husband and attentive father who grew increasingly exasperated by Nicole 's erratic behavior and spent much of his time trying to avoid her emotional outbursts .
Then in the chapter that describes the killing , he suddenly goes into an inexplicable rage after his friend " Charlie " appears at his house to give him disturbing news about Nicole 's drug use and kinky behavior .
The information drives him over the edge , and the understanding Simpson of previous chapters suddenly disappears .
Simpson takes off in his Bronco to Nicole 's house , with Charlie beside him .
Thankfully , he avoids providing a graphic description of the slashings , but that 's only because he claims he blacked out while it was happening .
Here 's the strange scene in Nicole 's courtyard that night where he was suddenly surprised by the appearance of Ron Goldman , who was returning some eyeglasses to Nicole .
Nicole has slipped and fallen unconscious after coming at Simpson like a " banshee " but otherwise is unharmed at this point .
" Charlie , " rather than Simpson , is holding the knife :
I looked over at Goldman , and I was fuming .
I guess he thought I was going to hit him , because he got into his little karate stance .
" What the fuck is that ? " I said .
" You think you can take me with your karate shit ? "
He started circling me , bobbing and weaving , and if I had n't been so fucking angry I would have laughed in his face .
" O.J. , come on ! "
It was Charlie again , pleading .
Nicole moaned , regaining consciousness .
She stirred on the ground and opened her eyes and looked at me , but it did n't seem like anything was registering .
Charlie walked over and planted himself in front of me blocking my view .
" We are fucking done here , man–let 's go ! " I noticed the knife in Charlie 's hand , and in one deft move I removed my right glove and snatched it up .
" We 're not going anywhere , " I said , turning to face Goldman .
Goldman was still circling me , bobbing and weaving , but I did n't feel like laughing anymore .
" You think you 're tough , motherfucker ? " I said .
I could hear Charlie just behind me , saying something , urging me to get the fuck out of there , and at one point he even reached for me and tried to drag me away , but I shook him off , hard , and moved toward Goldman .
" Okay , motherfucker ! " I said .
" Show me how tough you are ! "
Then something went horribly wrong , and I know what happened , but I can't tell you exactly how .
I was still standing in Nicole 's courtyard , of course , but for a few moments I could n't remember how I 'd gotten there , when I 'd arrived , or even why I was there .
Then it came back to me , very slowly :
The recital –with little Sydney up on stage , dancing her little heart out ; me , chipping balls into my neighbor 's yard ; Paula , angry , not answering her phone ; Charlie , stopping by the house to tell me some more ugly shit about Nicole 's behavior .
Then what ?
The short , quick drive from Rockingham to the Bundy condo .
And now ?
Now I was standing in Nicole 's courtyard , in the dark , listening to the loud , rhythmic , accelerated beating of my own heart .
I put my left hand to my heart and my shirt felt strangely wet .
I looked down at myself .
For several moments , I could n't get my mind around what I was seeing .
The whole front of me was covered in blood , but it did n't compute .
Is this really blood ?
I wondered .
And whose blood is it ?
Is it mine ?
Am I hurt ?
As soon as that chapter finishes , Simpson goes back to declaring his innocence .
Apparently in later versions the murder chapter includes more explicit language stating that the chapter is fictional and hypothetical .
But in the manuscript TMZ posted , that kind of language is n't there and the chapter is presented as an actual account of what happened .
And in an interview that Slate conducted with the book 's ghostwriter , Pablo Fenjves , the author discloses that " a working title for the book at one point was not If I Did It , but I Did It .
The title was suggested not by ( publisher Judith ) Regan , but by Simpson . "
As for the Mystery Man named Charlie , he appears to be some kind of psychotic fabrication created to give Simpson an excuse for the out - of - control rampage that suddenly leads him to kill Nicole .
How else to explain what appears to be uncharacteristic behavior from a man who , until that point , has been depicted as a loyal and caring husband and friend to Nicole ?
UPDATE : The new version of slime.vim .
The previous version is still available .
I started reading Practical Common Lisp yesterday .
No discussion about Lisp can be complete without talking about Slime .
Slime basically turns Emacs into an IDE for Lisp development .
Peter Seibel thinks this is important enough to dedicate the second chapter to it .
He even repackaged Lisp + Emacs +
Slime as Lispbox to help people get started faster .
For an excellent book ( so far ) , available for free , and Lispbox , thank you Mr.Seibel .
After actually downloading , installing , and running Lispbox , I can see the advantages .
Slime solves the problems you would have with any interactive REPL - type environment .
Let ’s take Ruby ’s irb as an example more people are going to relate to :
you start irb you start a text editor ( vim , textmate , emacs , …) you do a few tests in irb you copy and paste to a text editor you clean things up in the text editor you copy and paste back to irb you make a mistake you fix things up in the text editor you hesitate copying and pasting , because it ’s painful now you write some tests you exit irb and run the tests to do your experiments
Let me present the dilemma another way : irb is great to get answers quick but it is also temporary because you know nothing you do in irb will be saved .
However , the moment you start living in a text editor , you give up a lot of the power of REPL .
Or , at least , your REPL becomes 10 seconds instead of 1 second .
That changes the way you work .
And that explains why Slime exists .
Slime creates a new interactive session with Lisp and you are able to copy and paste text from a text buffer to the session with one keyboard shortcut .
That ’s great !
Now you can type , organize , pretty - print your code in a text editor , type C-c C-c to “ refresh ” the interactive session .
This does not close and create a new session , the function definitions are reloaded into the current session .
So , all your testing objects , those carefully crafted lists and hashes of objects ( or whatnots ) still exist — the world just changed around them .
Yeah , Slime is great .
I ’m just not an Emacs fan .
I did some research and Vim has no mode to support asynchronous sessions like Emacs .
In essence , all that ’s needed is a software that will spawn what you really want to run , say irb , control stdin / stdout / stderr , capture its own stdin / stdout / stderr and tunnel those to the child process .
Also , it would be nice if it could open a port to receive external commands to be able to script stdin …
That ’s when I remembered an article I read about scripting gnu -screen .
To make a long story short , screen does everything we want , and more .
Here ’s what we want to accomplish :
start a named screen name the screen window start irb start another terminal start vim define a function / class / object have it “ transported ” to irb
Here are the instructions :
screen - S session01 C-a A—window01 irb
vim ( type code ) vip ( select paragraph ) “ ry ( copy to register r ) : call system ( “ screen - S session01 - p window01 - X stuff ’ ” . @r . ” ’ ” )
And BLAM , you just did some magic !
At this point , you are coming to 2 realizations :
this is WAY cool
cool you want this automated
Thankfully , I can help with the automation .
Get slime.vim and put it in ~/.vim / plugin/ .
A few notes :
the magic key is C - c C-c ( like Slime , surprise ! )
the first time , you ’ll be prompted for the “ session name ” and the “ window name ”
subsequent times will be automated
you can reprompt for “ session name ” and “ window name ” with C-c v
by default , C-c C-c will select the current paragraph and copy - paste it
but you can make your own selection first , and send it over with C- c C-c
…
As a final note , I ’d like to drive the point that this can automate ANYTHING running in a screen :
bash
top
irb
python
any lisp / scheme REPL
mysql
…
One thing is for sure , this will definitely change the way I work .
( For extra points , write your own Textmate plugin … this hack is not limited to Vim ! ! )
A central reason the seafood labeling was pushed through in 2005 was Senator Ted Stevens , Republican of Alaska , who was chairman of the powerful Senate Committee on Appropriations at the time .
He went to bat for Alaska fishermen , who benefited from a provision in the law that fish and shellfish include not only country of origin but whether it was farm - raised or caught in the wild .
Today , both sides of the debate over origin labeling contend that the seafood labels support their arguments .
For instance , in March , the Food Marketing Institute , a trade organization , said seafood labeling had cost 10 times more than original estimates and failed to increase sales of American seafood .
But the United Fishermen of Alaska tell a different story , saying that origin labeling has increased demand and prices for their wild salmon .
And with the current concerns over Chinese seafood , labeling of seafood gives consumers the option to buy something else , advocates say .
The push for origin labeling started in the mid-1990s , when cattle ranchers grew frustrated by the influx of imported beef , particularly from Canada , as a result of trade agreements that opened the border to imports .
The thinking behind the proposal was that , given a choice , consumers would likely choose products from the United States over imported ones , even if they cost more .
But origin labeling is not just about patriotism or a desire to help American farmers .
Part of its appeal is better food oversight , and some proponents of the measure have played to consumer anxiety by calling into question the safety of meat from places like Mexico , Uruguay and Canada .
China exports a negligible amount of meat to the United States .
“ The consumer , upon seeing the U.S.D.A. label , would naturally presume that it ’s a U.S. product , ” said Bill Bullard , chief executive of the Ranchers - Cattlemen Action Legal fund , United Stockgrowers of America , an organization of cattle ranchers better known as R - Calf .
He said the effect for meatpackers was that “ they are able to bring in a cheaper product and sell it under the reputation of the U.S. cattle industry . ”
Gazing into the crystal ball for profit is illegal in Philadelphia , but the city could n't stop it .
In June , a psychic offered information in the case of Lisa Stebic , a 37 - year - old mother of two missing since April 30 .
The psychic claimed that Stebic would be found in Silver Springs State Park .
The family endured a “ roller coaster ” of emotions as police and volunteers searched the park for Stebic ’s remains .
At first , it appeared that the psychic was right ; bones were eventually found in the park .
Sadly , the bones were of native deer , not a woman .
Once again , the Stebic family ’s hopes for closure were raised — then shattered — by a psychic ’s false information .
Several other “ psychics ” also offered incorrect and contradictory information ; Stebic remains missing .
The same thing happened in the search for Madeleine McCann .
The four - year - old British girl disappeared May 4 while at a resort in Portugal .
A psychic had directed police to search an area where she would be found ; the police checked but returned empty - handed .
There was no sign of the missing toddler .
These situations are all too common in missing persons cases ; despite claims from self - promoting psychics , there has never been a case of psychic information leading police to a missing person .
In one of the worst errors , “ psychic ” Sylvia Browne , a regular on the " Montel Williams " show , told the parents of missing teenager Shawn Hornbeck in 2003 that their child had been kidnapped by a dark - skinned man with dreadlocks , and that Shawn was dead .
In fact , Hornbeck was found very much alive in January 2007 ; his abductor had neither dark skin nor dreadlocks .
There are many instances of psychics contacting the families of missing children and offering their services for a fee .
The parents are usually so desperate for news that they willingly pay , even if they are skeptical .
Even those psychics who do not exploit the bereaved for monetary gain are still hurting instead of helping .
Aside from falsely raising the family ’s hopes , psychic tipsters waste valuable police time and resources following up on their information .
Anyone who follows the news regularly can see for themselves whether psychics have the powers they claim .
Simply follow the next high - profile missing person case and see if and how the person is eventually recovered .
Did psychic information lead police to the person ?
Did police find him or her through routine policework ?
Or , more likely , did a passerby find the body in some out - of - the - way area weeks or months later ?
People should also ask themselves some simple questions when they hear psychics ’ claims .
If psychics can really find missing people , why are n’t they in Iraq , rescuing kidnapped hostages ?
Why have n’t psychics caught serial killers before they kill again ?
Why do different psychics give contradictory information ?
Why do we need Amber Alerts to find kidnapped children ?
And where are Osama bin Laden , Natalee Holloway , Lisa Stebic , Madeleine McCann , and the thousands of other people whom searchers are desperate to find ?
On these questions , psychics are as silent as the missing persons they fail to find .
Benjamin Radford investigates and writes about “ unexplained ” phenomenon for the non-profit Committee for Skeptical Inquiry .
He is author or co-author of three books , including “ Media Mythmakers : How Journalists , Activists , and Advertisers Mislead Us . ”
This and other books are available on his website .
He shares his skepticism regularly on LiveScience .
Family sues government over Iraq veteran 's suicide
David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday November 2 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
A recent study by the Veterans Affairs Department showed that since 2001 , 430 combat veterans have committed suicide either while serving in Afghanistan or Iraq or after leaving the service .
Others died after returning from combat but while still in uniform .
One of those veterans was Marine Lance Corporal Jeffrey Lucey , who died by his own hand in June 2004 .
His parents , Kevin and Joyce Lucey , are now suing both the government and the former Secretary of Veterans Affairs over their son's death .
The Luceys are members of an anti-war group , Military Families Speak Out , and hope their lawsuit will help force an overhaul of the VA system .
Jeffrey Lucey returned from Iraq in 2003 , profoundly depressed and drinking heavily to handle the pain .
Lucey 's sister Debbie told CNN , " He looked at me and , as he took two dog tags off of his neck and tossed them at me , and said , ' Do n't you understand , your brother 's a murderer . ' "
Lucey 's family had him committed to a VA hospital , believing he would get the help he needed , but the hospital sent him home after four days , saying they could n't even do an assessment until he stopped drinking .
He was turned away a second time after that and killed himself two weeks later .
Kevin Lacey told CNN , " This is not going to make any sense to you .
For the first time in months , he really looked at peace . "
Linda Bilmes , an expert in public finance and veterans issues , told CNN that the VA never planned ahead for dealing with the mental health issues created by the wars and is now overwhelmed .
The VA set up a suicide hot line last summer and has hired more mental health professionals , but Bilmes told CNN that they are still spread far too thin for the soldiers who need help .
A transcript of CNN 's report is available here .
The following video is from CNN's Situation Room , broadcast on October 31 , 2007 .
Larry Osterman's WebLog
7/17/2020
6 minutes to read
In this article
Just another Developer Network site
Hmm .
Just realized that this is a bit out of order and should have been published before the ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 11/24/2015
I was writing some ANSI - only code the other day to handle the case where an environment string ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 11/19/2015
So I was working on some file path parsing logic the other day and I ran into a problem – I was ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date :
11/17/2015
I recently was updating some test code to handle long filename ( longer than MAX_PATH ) support .
My ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date :
11/16/2015
I was working on a new feature earlier today and I discovered that while the code worked just fine ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 11/28/2012
A high school classmate of mine recently posted on Facebook : Message just popped up up my screen ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 11/06/2011
A colleague and I were chatting the other day and we were talking about STL implementations ( in the ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 09/27/2011
As many of you may know , I tend to blog about things I encounter in my day - to - day work that I think ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 09/16/2011
I 'm at the build conference in Anaheim this week , and I was in the platform booth when a customer ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 09/15/2011
In my last post , I mentioned that someone was complaining about the name of the bowser.sys component ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 05/03/2011
I just saw an email go by on one of our self hosting aliases : From : < REDACTED > Sent : Saturday , ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 05/02/2011
The imagination of people on the internet continues to astound me .
Todays example : Someone took ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 03/09/2011
From Long Zheng , a video of someone who decided to upgrade every version of Windows from Windows 1.0 ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 03/02/2011
One of our testers just filed a bug against something I ’m working on .
They reported that if ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 02/11/2011
Earlier today , Adrian Kingsley - Hughes posted a rant ( his word , not mine ) about the fact that Windows ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 02/04/2011
Over the weekend , Engadget and CNet ran a story discussing what was described as a new and novel ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 01/24/2011
I 've been working with the Win32 API for almost 20 years - literally since the very first Win32 APIs ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 10/19/2010
My boss ( who has spent a really long time working on RPC ) and I got into a discussion the other day ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 05/26/2010
Even though it ’s posted on April 1st , this is actually not an April Fools prank .
It turns out ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 04/01/2010
One of my favorite web comics is Not Invented Here by Bill Barnes and Paul Southworth .
I started ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 02/16/2010
Earlier today , someone asked me why 64bit versions of windows do n’t support the internal PC ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 01/04/2010
Five years ago , I attended one of the initial security training courses as a part of the XP SP2 ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 10/26/2009
Today [ 1 ]
Microsoft formally launched Windows 7 .
I ca n’t say how proud I am of the work we did ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 10/23/2009
Wow , one of my co-workers just sent this image out .
It ’s totally awesome ( IMHO ) …...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 10/21/2009
Just for giggles , I went looking at the various job listings within Microsoft and outside Microsoft ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 10/20/2009
Digging way back into my pre-Microsoft days , I was recently reminded of a story that I believe was ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 09/29/2009
I ’ve always believed that the most frequently used multimedia API in winmm.dll was the PlaySound ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 09/02/2009
As I was writing my “ 25 years of Larry ’s history at Microsoft in 1 year chunks ” ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 09/01/2009
Way back in 1985 I was busy working on MS - DOS 4.0 .
MS - DOS 4.0 was a multitasking derivative of ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/26/2009
23 years ago , I was working on finishing MS - DOS 4.0 and transitioning to work on MS - DOS 4.1 .
We also ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/25/2009
Ok , at this point it should be blindingly obvious where this series is going :) .
In early 1987 I was ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/24/2009
In 1990 I joined the WIndows NT OS / 2 team after working on Lan Manager for several years .
I was one ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/21/2009
I was working on the NT team working on the NT browser .
I was also preparing for my first major ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/19/2009
Sixteen years ago , we were busy finishing up Windows NT 3.1 .
On NT , I worked on the browser ( network ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/18/2009
Sorry , I was off on Friday so no post .
1994 was probably the most tumultuous year of my career at ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/17/2009
Eleven years ago , I was in the Exchange group , working on Exchange 2000 ( same as 10 years ago : ) ) ....
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/13/2009
In 1999 , I was busy working on shipping Exchange 2000 .
Most of the work I did on E2 K was related to ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/12/2009
Charles just let me know that he ’s posted a video that Elliot , Frank and I did talking about ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/11/2009
The biggest event on my plate in August was that I took taken delivery of a brand spanking new ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/11/2009
Between 2001 and 2002 , I was working on the SCP project – SCP was a networking protocol that ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/10/2009
As I mentioned yesterday , the Windows SDK is now live .
For the Windows SDK , there are 9 new ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/07/2009
We were busy in the “ Longhorn Reset ” where we essentially threw away the work we ’d ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/07/2009
I just received email that the new Windows 7 SDK is now live !
Apparently it ’s not on the ...
Author : Larry Osterman [ MSFT ]
Date : 08/06/2009
Next >
US has secret plans to safeguard Pakistan 's nukes : report
WASHINGTON , Nov 11 ( AFP ) Nov 11 , 2007
The United States has secret contingency plans to safeguard Pakistani nuclear weapons if they risk falling into the wrong hands , the Washington Post reported Sunday .
But US officials worry their limited knowledge about the location of the arsenal could pose a problem , it said , a week after Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf declared a state of emergency .
" We can't say with absolute certainty that we know where they all are , " one unidentified former US official told the newspaper , adding that any US effort to secure Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal " could be very messy . "
Under a more optimistic scenario , the Pakistani military would help the United States in any intervention , the Post said .
In other cases , that assistance might not be forthcoming , it cautioned .
The report said US officials would not discuss details of the classified plans , " but several former officials said the plans envision efforts to remove a nuclear weapon at imminent risk of falling into terrorists ' hands . "
US officials and lawmakers have voiced alarm that the Musharraf government could lose control over its nuclear arsenal amid the mounting political crisis there .
" I 'm very concerned about it .
Not immediately , but over the next year to two years , " Senator Joseph Biden , a Democratic presidential contender , said on CNN .
Biden , chairman of the Senate 's Foreign Relations Committee , said the United States needed to shore up anti-Musharraf moderates or risk seeing Pakistan go the way of Iran three decades ago .
" The Shah got overthrown and moderates got crushed by extremists , " he said .
But Richard Armitage , who as deputy secretary of state led the US effort to get Musharraf on board the anti-terror struggle after the September 11 attacks of 2001 , dismissed fears over the safety of Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal .
" You know as well as I do that that nuclear arsenal is one , dispersed , and second , carefully guarded by the army , " he told CNN .
" Now we have had , historically , discussions with the Pakistani army about the safeguarding of those nuclear weapons , " the former official said .
" So I think in the short or even medium term , should things turn badly , we are not going to worry about nuclear weapons in the first instance . "
Lieutenant General Carter Ham , director of operations with the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Wednesday that the Pentagon was keeping a close eye on Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal .
" Any time there is a regime that has nuclear weapons and that experiences a situation like in Pakistan , of course there is a primary concern , " he told reporters .
Islamabad , Washington 's key ally in the fight against Al - Qaeda and the Taliban , has amassed about 50 nuclear weapons since detonating its first atomic devices in May 1998 in a series of tit - for - tat tests with India .
Pakistan also is suspected of selling atomic secrets on a global black market headed by its disgraced chief nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan .
The Post recalled US allegations that two retired Pakistani nuclear scientists traveled to Afghanistan in August 2001 to brief Al - Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden about how to make nuclear weapons .
Among US intelligence agencies , there is particular concern now over the cohesion of Pakistan 's army if extremist violence and opposition protests against Musharraf escalate , the report said .
" If there is a collapse in the command - and - control structure -- or if the armed forces fragment -- that 's a nightmare scenario , " said John Brennan , a retired CIA official and ex-director of the National Counterterrorism Center .
" If there are different power centers within the army , they will each see the strategic ( nuclear ) arsenal as a real prize , " he told the Post .
As expected ...
White House Will Deny New Request In Attorneys Probe
Bush to Defy Congress , Sources Say By Peter Baker
Washington Post Staff Writer
Sunday , July 8 , 2007 ; A03 The White House has decided to defy Congress 's latest demand for information regarding the dismissal of nine U.S. attorneys , sources familiar with the decision said yesterday .
Such an action would escalate the constitutional struggle and propel it closer to a court showdown .
Senate and House committees have directed President Bush to provide by tomorrow a detailed justification of his executive privilege claims and a full accounting of the documents he is withholding .
But White House counsel Fred F. Fielding plans to tell lawmakers that he has already provided the legal basis for the claims and will not provide a log of the documents , the sources said .
The standoff suggests that neither side is prepared to budge in the fight over documents and testimony in the widening U.S. attorney investigation .
Officials in both camps said no serious negotiations are taking place to resolve the dispute .
Fielding plans to follow up his letter by further asserting executive privilege later this week , the sources said , directing former White House aides Harriet E. Miers and Sara M. Taylor not to testify in response to congressional subpoenas .
So now what ?
Well , the conventional wisdom is that the Congress goes to court to contest the invocation of executive privilege .
How might that go ?
Well , there are two views of that .
One grounded in reality , and one grounded in Bushoisie fantasy .
In reality , there are two distinct types of executive privilege claims the Bush " administration " can make regarding the testimony and documentation sought : 1 ) presidential communications privilege , and ; 2 ) deliberative process privilege .
The presidential communications privilege , by far the stronger of the two , applies pretty much to what its name tells you , and little else .
That is , it applies only to actual communications with the president that occurred during the decision - making process .
In order to invoke this particular type of privilege , therefore , the " administration " will have to admit that the president was personally involved in the decision - making regarding the firing of the U.S. Attorneys -- something it has denied to this point .
What does the deliberative process privilege protect ?
[ I ]t allows the government to withhold documents and other materials that would reveal " advisory opinions , recommendations and deliberations comprising part of a process by which governmental decisions and policies are formulated . "
But Morton Rosenberg of the Congressional Research Service has testified repeatedly to Congressional committees on the question , including this 2002 appearance before the House Government Reform Committee , in which he noted :
In the last 80 years Congress has consistently sought and obtained deliberative prosecutorial memoranda , and the testimony of line attorneys , FBI field agents and other subordinate agency employees regarding the conduct of open and closed cases in the course of innumerable investigations of Department of Justice activities .
It appears that the fact that an agency , such as the Justice Department , has determined for its own internal purposes that a particular item should not be disclosed , or that the information sought should come from one agency source rather than another , does not prevent either House of Congress , or its committees or subcommittees , from obtaining and publishing information it considers essential for the proper performance of its constitutional functions .
We are aware of no court precedent that imposes a threshold burden on committees to demonstrate , for example , a " substantial reason to believe wrongdoing occurred " before they may seek disclosure with respect to the conduct of specific open and closed criminal and civil cases .
Indeed , the case law is quite to the contrary .
An inquiring committee need only show that the information sought is within the broad subject matter of its authorized jurisdiction , is in aid of a legitimate legislative function , and is pertinent to the area of concern .
All this adds up to ... what , exactly ?
" The White House position is extremely weak , " Breuer said .
" You can invoke privilege if it 's honestly believed , but Congress has an absolute right to understand the basis on which you 're claiming privilege .
. . .
I think the administration has decided that , at this point , they want to fight it as long as they can .
It may go to court . "
All well and good , to a certain extent .
But note what 's happening here .
The White House position is " extremely weak . "
But more than that , it 's a position that 's been to court and lost before .
The " administration , " though , seeks to burn up the calendar by forcing Congress to reinvent the wheel , just to prove to the American people that the wheel was , in fact , invented at one point .
Which will be proven by showing the court the first wheel , and then describing the round and rolling properties of the object the White House claims is something completely different .
So that 's reality .
Now for the fantasy :
David B. Rivkin , a senior lawyer under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush , agreed that the White House may be eager to go to court on this issue -- because Fielding believes he has a strong case , not the other way around .
Congress has a weak claim to demand internal documents and testimony from the executive branch , he said , since the president has the right to fire U.S. attorneys without input from lawmakers .
" The president has pretty much absolute power in this area , " Rivkin said .
" I think the decision is that they might as well have a serious legal fight about it " because the administration is " highly likely to succeed . "
The " area " in which the president supposedly " has pretty much absolute power , " though is in his decision to fire U.S. Attorneys , not in blocking Congressional inquiries into the decision - making process behind those firings .
But the issues of law themselves are n't what the White House is interested in .
They 're interested in running out the clock , which means they may well litigate the claims of privilege and lose , and then turn around and refuse to comply with the subpoenas anyway , purely on " screw you , come and take it from us " grounds .
Unless Congress is willing to avail itself of either of the two more direct remedies available to it -- i.e. , inherent contempt or impeachment -- expect a long slog back and forth through the courts , just to get to the point where we 're able to directly challenge the assertion of the president that he gets to say what goes .
Along this route , it could be months and months before we 're even able to define what it is the " administration " actually thinks underlies its " right " to erase a Congressional power heretofore understood to be plenary .
UPDATE : emptywheel makes a critical observation .
Since the Constitution gives to Congress the power to " by law vest the appointment of such inferior officers , as they think proper , in the President alone , in the courts of law , or in the heads of departments , " it casts into grave doubt the president 's claim to " absolute power " over the appointment or dismissal of U.S. Attorneys .
In fact , Congress just recently rewrote that power twice : once almost by accident in the middle of the night , in the PATRIOT Act ( which is how we got here in the first place ) , and then once again last month , moving the power back to the courts where it used to be .
Welcome to How To Make A Pizza
Hello everybody .
Welcome to my " how to make a pizza " wiki .
Over the next few weeks , I 'll be putting in lots of stuff about making pizzas , my favorite pizza recipes , stories , things I find on the internet … all related to pizza — especially how to make a pizza .
I hope you enjoy it .
I might even add a forum for disucssion .
To get things started , I found a really cool copy - cat recipe book that has tons of recipes from famous restaurants … including pizza restaurants .
( Pizza Hut pizza ??
Boboli pizza crusts ??
Wow ! )
Come back often to learn more about how to make a pizza .
The tusks were well preserved ( pic : Prof Evangelia Tsoukala , 2007 )
A Dutch scientist at the site , Dick Mol , says the find near Grevena should help explain why mastodons died out in Europe two to three million years ago .
The mastodon's tusks measure 5 m ( 16.5 ft ) and 4 m , Mr Mol told the BBC .
They are the longest tusks ever found on a prehistoric elephant - like animal .
" It is spectacular , " Mr Mol said .
Early humans ate mastodon meat ( pic : by Remie Bakker )
Mastodons are thought to have first appeared about five million years ago and became extinct in North America about 10,000 years ago - much later than in Europe .
The animals were similar to woolly mammoths , but had tusks that pointed forwards , rather than spiralling upwards .
Their teeth were also different .
The team of palaeontologists , including Professor Evangelia Tsoukala of Greece 's Aristotle University in Thessaloniki ( Salonica ) , began the excavation on 16 July and is planning to finish it on Wednesday .
Thigh bones and teeth were also dug up ( pic : Prof Evangelia Tsoukala , 2007 )
Various parts of the skeleton have been dug up , along with teeth .
The animal 's height was about 3.5 m at the shoulder and it probably weighed some six tonnes .
The mastodon feasted on leaves , unlike the woolly mammoth , which grazed .
Eventually , the specimen will go on display at a museum in Milia .
Rollback of post -Enron corporate regulations in US
By Joe Kay
27 December 2006
US government agencies have moved quickly following the November midterm elections to begin rolling back a number of regulatory measures put in place after a wave of corporate scandals in 2002 .
These steps have been taken under intense pressure from American corporations and Wall Street , which have raised their voices in opposition to the supposed “ excesses ” of business regulation .
Business opposition has focused on the Sarbanes - Oxley Act , passed in 2002 in response to major accounting scandals at Enron , WorldCom and other companies .
Sarbanes - Oxley was itself a tepid measure , intended more to assuage the concerns of investors and restore confidence in American financial markets than to impose serious regulations to prevent corporate malfeasance .
The fact that little has changed in corporate America can be seen in the ongoing revelations of financial misconduct , including the widespread practice of backdating stock options by CEOs and directors .
However , the Sarbanes - Oxley Act did put in place certain measures , including increased auditing oversight of internal financial controls at large corporations .
These measures are now being scaled back .
On December 21 , the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) , an agency established by Sarbanes - Oxley to oversee accounting firms and their audits of corporations , proposed new standards for auditors to reduce the burden on audited companies .
The proposed regulatory changes could be finalized after a 70 - day period of public comment .
The proposed changes announced by the PCAOB center on regulations put in place by Section 404 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act .
Many of these changes are highly technical , but they all serve essentially the same purpose .
While the changes are being billed as an attempt to force auditors to focus on “ the most important matters ” in reviewing company financial controls , they in fact reduce the extent to which the auditors must independently investigate corporations , while increasing their scope to rely on internal company evaluations .
Auditors would be directed to take a “ top down ” approach , beginning with the company ’s own financial statements , rather than the actual financial operations of the company .
Auditors would also be instructed to cease evaluating the mechanisms by which managers certify their internal financial controls , a requirement created by the Sarbanes - Oxley Act .
The measures proposed by the PCAOB follow by one week other changes announced by its parent agency , the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .
The SEC changes , which are directed at management rather than auditors , would have the same effect : loosening restrictions on corporate management .
Both the SEC and PCAOB proposals include elements designed to lighten the regulatory pressures on “ small businesses , ” which are defined as public companies with market capitalizations of less than $ 700 million and revenues of less than $ 250 million .
These businesses are currently not required to have internal audits , an exemption that the SEC extended for one more year .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , formerly the chairman and chief executive of the Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs , outlined the direction that the government would be taking in a speech on November 20 , when he argued that “ the single biggest challenge with Sarbanes - Oxley is section 404 , which requires management to assess the effectiveness of a company ’s internal controls and requires an auditor ’s attestation of that assessment . . .
It seems clear that a significant portion of the time , energy , and expense associated with implementing section 404 might have been better focused on direct business matters that create jobs and reward shareholders . ”
Another measure was taken earlier this month , when the Justice Department announced that it was softening 2003 guidelines on the investigation and prosecution of corporate fraud .
The government will reign in the ability of federal prosecutors to seek internal corporate documents and halt procedures designed to pressure companies to turn over internal communications while blocking them from financing the defense of corporate executives charged with fraud .
A December 13 article in the Washington Post reported , “ Under the revisions , prosecutors who seek information about suspected wrongdoing must first win approval from the top official in their home offices before asking a business to waive its attorney - client privilege .
Government lawyers who want to review contacts between a company and its attorneys under a privilege waiver must go all the way to the Justice Department in Washington for permission from its second - highest - ranking official . ”
“ In practice , former government lawyer Timothy J. Coleman said , the changes likely will reduce the number of waiver requests by adding another layer of red tape , taking resources away from the investigation itself and directing often unwanted attention onto a rank - and - file prosecutor , ” the Post wrote .
The effect of these changes as a whole will be to substantially reduce the ability of government prosecutors to go after companies , rather than individuals .
In the past , prosecutors have occasionally responded to uncooperative behavior by corporations ( such as refusing to turn over documents relevant to an investigation ) by indicting the company itself .
This will no longer be allowed .
The Post article further noted , “ The motivation among industry groups is in no small part a pocketbook issue .
Waiving legal privileges to avoid criminal indictment can put scores of sensitive documents into the hands of plaintiff lawyers , driving up the costs of settling related shareholder lawsuits . ”
These Justice Department changes have been pushed by corporate America in response to the collapse of Enron ’s accounting firm Arthur Anderson , which was forced out of business after being indicted by the government .
The government itself acknowledged that the changes were a direct response to industry groups , including the US Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers .
All of these steps have been prepared over the past several months , but the announcements were held off until after the November elections in order to prevent the question of corporate corruption form becoming an election issue .
Perhaps more important than the immediate regulatory changes is their cumulative effect and the general tone they set .
They send a signal that the government will ease up on its oversight and back off on investigating and prosecuting corporate corruption .
Calls for changes in corporate regulations , including many of the specific proposals , have been developed by the Committee on Capital Markets Regulation .
The committee is co-chaired by R. Glenn Hubbard , the dean of the Columbia School of Business and a former Bush administration official , and John Thornton , the chairman of the Brookings Institution and a former executive at Goldman Sachs .
From 2001 to 2003 , Hubbard was the chairman of Bush ’s Council of Economic Advisors , where he helped design the Bush tax cuts .
The rest of the committee consists mainly of prominent executives at financial and accounting firms .
Because of its close ties to Bush ’s treasury secretary , the Committee on Capital Markets Regulation has been dubbed the “ Paulson Committee . ”
In addition to the modifications to Section 404 and the changes implemented by the Justice Department , the committee is also pushing for restrictions on investor lawsuits under rule 10 b - 5 of the SEC .
Rule 10 b - 5 is one of the essential mechanisms , established under the 1934 Securities and Exchange Act , which investors can employ to challenge illegal actions by corporate management , including insider trading and fraud .
One proposal would stipulate that only the SEC itself could bring these lawsuits against corporate management .
Another measure that the committee is proposing is a cap on the extent to which accounting firms can be held liable for fraud at corporations which they oversee .
These are all part of a broader attempt to dismantle the entire structure of post - Enron regulatory measures .
A lawsuit eagerly awaited by Wall Street challenging the constitutionality of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act began on December 21 in the US District Court for the District of Columbia .
Many of the changes have the endorsement of Democrats as well as Republicans .
The incoming chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , Democrat Barney Frank , announced before the November elections that he would support efforts by regulatory agencies , including the SEC and the PCAOB , to change their rules .
Democratic Senator Charles Schumer , a member of the Senate Finance Committee , is sponsoring another review of corporate regulations that will produce a report next year .
The scaling back of corporate regulation comes amidst mounting reports of large - scale manipulation of stock options .
Executives and directors at many companies have had the dates of their stock option grants backdated to coincide with low points in their company ’s share price .
This enhances the value of the options when they come due .
According to a new report by academics Lucian Bebchuk , Yaniv Grinstein and Urs Peyer , entitled “ Lucky Directors , ” an estimated 1,400 outside directors received stock options manipulated in this way between 1996 and 2005 .
A companion report , published last month , estimated that 1,150 stock options grants to CEOs were deliberately backdated during the same period .
For many conservatives , the U.N. ’s oil - for - food scandal was an assault on all that is good and holy .
In a nutshell , Saddam Hussein took advantage of a U.N. program in which Iraq would sell oil and use the revenue for food , medicine , and humanitarian goods , as exceptions to a trade embargo imposed after the first Gulf War .
Saddam , however , received illegal kickbacks on the oil sales , which he transferred to private accounts .
And who was giving Saddam the illegal kickbacks ?
According to a New York Times report , Chevron is poised to announce that it should have known about the kickbacks that were being paid to Saddam .
If only Chevron had some kind of internal policy committee , as part of the company ’s board of directors , with a knowledgeable expert responsible for looking out for these kinds of problems .
Oh wait , it did — and it was led by Condoleezza Rice .
According to the Volcker report , surcharges on Iraqi oil exports were introduced in August 2000 by the Iraqi state oil company , the State Oil Marketing Organization .
At the time , Condoleezza Rice , now secretary of state , was a member of Chevron ’s board and led its public policy committee , which oversaw areas of potential political concerns for the company .
Ms. Rice resigned from Chevron ’s board on Jan. 16 , 2001 , after being named national security advisor by President Bush .
As Digby ’s put it : " Hullabaloo is proud to present another episode of ' Imagine If This Were A Democrat ' this week starring Condoleezza Rice .... "
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) -
Two nutrients found in eggs , spinach and other leafy green vegetables offer some protection against the most common cause of blindness among the elderly , researchers said on Monday .
Age - related macular degeneration affects 1.2 million Americans , mostly after age 65 , and the irreversible condition gets gradually worse , robbing victims of the center of their vision .
Many people may be susceptible due to genetic factors , while smoking is known to heighten the risk .
The two nutrients , lutein and zeaxanthin , are both carotenoids -- compounds that give many fruits and vegetables a yellow color .
They help ward off the condition , apparently by allowing the eyes to filter harmful short - wavelength light and by curtailing other damaging effects to the macula , or the center of the eye ’s retina , the researchers said .
“ No clear associations with other nutrients were seen , ” including the vitamins C and E and beta - carotene , according to the researchers , led by John Paul SanGiovanni of the National Eye Institute , one of the National Institutes of Health in Maryland .
The 6 - year study asked about the dietary habits of 4,519 people aged 60 to 80 when enrolled .
Those in the top fifth of dietary consumption of foods containing the two nutrients had 35 percent less chance of developing the condition compared to those in the lowest fifth of consumption .
“ Lutein and zeaxanthin may be considered as useful agents in food or supplement - based interventions designed to reduce the risk of AMD , ” the researchers wrote in their report , published in the journal Archives of Ophthalmology .
Foods considered good sources of the nutrients include eggs , spinach , kale , turnip greens , collard greens , romaine lettuce , broccoli , zucchini , corn , garden peas and Brussels sprouts .
Learning Number Theory and Haskell : Greatest Common Divisor
This is part three of my series , “ Learning Number Theory and Haskell ” , in which I work through Gareth and Mary Jones ’ Elementary Number Theory and translate the ideas and concepts into Haskell .
In the previous two parts , I used QuickCheck to verify some theorems and translate some ideas into Haskell code .
It is widely speculated that the first real algorithm worthy of the name was due to Euclid , when he described how to calculate the greatest common divisor of two terms .
What better place to start , then in writing a first serious algorithm in Haskell ?
( Besides , the textbook does this next . )
In the process , I ’ll use “ equational reasoning ” ( a popular word in functional programming ) to improve the code .
Then I ’ll try something completely different to finish off
First , let ’s write a type signature .
Greatest common divisors can be calculated with integral values only , and maps two numbers to a result .
The signature is :
gcd1 :: forall a . Integral a => a -> a -> a
For a first version of the algorithm , I plan to transcribe the proof from the text as code .
There are a few trivial cases involving zero gotten near the top of page 6 .
We can write those separately using pattern matching .
gcd1 0 0 = undefined gcd1 a 0 = abs a gcd1 0 b = abs b
There are a few more special cases for non-zero arguments .
gcd1 a b | a < 0 = gcd1 ( - a ) b | b < 0 = gcd1 a ( - b ) | a == b = a | a < b = gcd1 b a -- Phew !
| otherwise = gcd1 b ( a `rem` b)
Let ’s test against the built - in gcd function from the prelude .
The only subtlety here is that since gcd 0 0 is undefined , we should avoid calling it .
* NumTheory > : qc \a b -> ( a /= 0 || b /= 0 ) == > gcd1 a b == gcd a b +++ OK , passed 100 tests .
We ’ve got a working gcd1 .
However , it is terribly unsatisfying .
By following the textbook to the letter , we ended up with a function defined with eight separate cases .
Yuck !
The problem is that our number theory textbook handled a lot of stuff as special cases to get it out of the way easily for the proof .
Many of those special cases are n’t all that special after all , and we can clean this up by finding equivalent cases and combining them .
This is really easy to do and get right in Haskell , once you ’ve got the hang of it , because Haskell functions can be read and substituted just like algebra equations .
This concept is often called “ equational reasoning ” , and is cited as an advantage of pure functional programming .
The ease of doing this is a direct consequence of not having side effects .
The last two cases cover when a < b , and a > b , respectively .
However , the last case subsumes the next to last one , because if a < b ( with a and b both positive ) , then a `rem` b is equivalent to a .
That eliminates one case .
Similarly , the third from last case is unnecessary .
If a = b , then gcd1 a ( a `rem` b ) evaluates to gcd1 a 0 , which in turn evaluates to abs a .
Since we know a > 0 if the evaluation gets this far , this is the same as a .
This case is also unnecessary .
A similar argument proves that gcd1 0 b = b is unnecessary .
That leaves :
gcd1 0 0 = undefined gcd1 a 0 = abs a gcd1 a b | a < 0 = gcd1 ( - a ) b | b < 0 = gcd1 a ( - b ) | otherwise = gcd1 b ( a `rem` b )
This is better , but it ’s even shorter to promote the check for negative values of a and b and for gcd1 0 0 to an outer function .
The where keyword can be used to define an inner function that is available only within a particular top - level function .
The result looks like this :
gcd1 0 0 = undefined gcd1 a b = gcd1 ' ( abs a ) ( abs b ) where gcd1 ' a 0 = a gcd1 ' a b = gcd1 ' b ( a `rem` b )
Eliminating all of these special cases could be interpreted as an indication that we did n’t need them to begin with .
As an exercise , try rewriting the proof in the text without assuming anything except that a and b are non-negative and are not both zero .
Rerunning the test suite to verify :
* NumTheory > : qc \a b -> ( a /= 0 || b /= 0 ) == > gcd1 a b == gcd a b +++ OK , passed 100 tests .
Another implementation of the greatest common divisor is interesting ( though , ultimately , it does n’t perform as well . )
One way to look at the algorithm is that we are inductively defining a list of number pairs which all have the same divisors .
We start with ( |a| , |b| ) as the first element in the list , and then define a function to get from there to the next element .
That looks like this :
gcd2 0 0 = undefined gcd2 a b = let next ( x , y ) = ( y , x `rem` y ) vals = iterate next ( abs a , abs b ) Just ( ans , _ ) = find ( ( == 0 ) . snd ) vals in ans
We first define a next function that takes us from one pair of numbers to the next .
Then we use a Haskell standard library function , iterate , to build a list of values resulting from successive applications of next to the pair of numbers .
Finally , we look for the first entry from that list that has 0 for its second number .
The result is the first number of that pair .
You can use QuickCheck to verify that it gives the same answer as the other two algorithms above .
This introduces an explicit data structure to represent the structure of the algorithm .
Sometimes , doing this can make algorithms clearer .
In this case , it ’s just an interesting alternative .
It involves some new concepts : an infinitely long list , a higher - order function , and another interesting use of pattern matching .
If you do n’t understand it yet , take some time to poke around the standard library documentation .
Do n’t despair , though ; I ’ll talk about more of these ideas in future installments .
I have just released a new alpha of F - Script 2.0 .
Included is support for the Scripting Bridge .
It is available for download at FScriptSources -2_0_alpha.zip .
The Scripting Bridge , introduced in Leopard , is a Cocoa / AppleScript bridge : it allows manipulating scriptable applications as if they were Cocoa objects , automatically taking care of the communication details ( e.g. creating and sending Apple Events ) .
This is utterly cool , as it allows using F - Script to manipulate other applications through their standard scripting interface .
Now that Mac OS X provides such technology , it may be time for some refresher about AppleScript , Apple Events and so on .
One very good read , providing a unique historical perspective , is AppleScript , written by William R. Cook for the HOPL III conference .
There are also some interesting debates going on about the Scripting Bridge at Cocoadev and on the Applescript - implementors mailing list , including insights from Chris Nebel , of Apple , and Hamish Sanderson ( aka hhas ) , the father of appscript .
appscript is an alternative to Scripting Bridge that has been around for a while and looks interesting .
When I saw the Scripting Bridge for the first time , at WWDC 2006 , it required generating glue code at design time ( as if Objective - C were a mere statically typed language ! )
A consequence was that you had to know in advance the applications you were going to interact with at run time .
Fortunately , the released version can dynamically , and automatically , creates classes at run time , lifting this limitation , and avoiding the burden of managing uninteresting generated glue code .
So how does one use Scripting Bridge in F - Script ?
First , to connect to an application , you use the SBApplication class provided by Leopard .
For example , here is how you can connect to iTunes :
iTunes := SBApplication applicationWithBundleIdentifier :'com.apple.iTunes '
You can then manipulate iTunes from F - script .
For example , let 's ask iTunes for the name of the current track :
i Tunes currentTrack name
If there is no current track , an error is returned by the scripting bridge and displayed by F - Script .
Otherwise , the name of the current track is displayed .
Now ask iTunes to go to the next track :
i Tunes nextTrack
Connect to the Finder and query it for the names of the files on the desktop :
Finder := SBApplication applicationWithBundleIdentifier :'com.apple.finder ' .
Finder desktop files name
Display these file names in the array inspector :
Finder desktop files name inspect
Ask the Finder for the names of the files on the desktop which have been modified today :
files := Finder desktop files .
files name at : files modificationDate >= ' today ' asDate
As you see , you can make use of F - Script 's array programming model as usual .
Actually , this programming model ( in which you manipulate whole sets of objects at once ) acts synergistically with Scripting Bridge as it allows the F - Script runtime to automatically perform behind - the - scene optimizations and minimize the number of remote calls .
Since such remote interactions are very costly , these optimizations have a huge impact on performance .
A few other examples :
Ask the Finder for the number of files in the Applications folder on the startup disk :
( Finder startupDisk folders objectWithName : ' Applications ' ) files count
Connect to Mail and ask for the subjects of the messages that are currently in your inbox and to which you have replied :
Mail := SBApplication applicationWithBundleIdentifier :'com.apple.mail '.
Mail inbox messages subject at : Mail inbox messages wasRepliedTo
Sweet , is n't it ?
Nufar Yishai - Karin , a clinical psychologist at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem , interviewed 21 Israeli soldiers and heard confessions of frequent brutal assaults against Palestinians , aggravated by poor training and discipline .
In her recently published report , co-authored by Professor Yoel Elizur , Yishai - Karin details a series of violent incidents , including the beating of a four - year - old boy by an officer .
The report , although dealing with the experience of soldiers in the 1990s , has triggered an impassioned debate in Israel , where it was published in an abbreviated form in the newspaper Haaretz last month .
According to Yishai Karin : ' At one point or another of their service , the majority of the interviewees enjoyed violence .
They enjoyed the violence because it broke the routine and they liked the destruction and the chaos .
They also enjoyed the feeling of power in the violence and the sense of danger . '
In the words of one soldier : ' The truth ?
When there is chaos , I like it .
That 's when I enjoy it .
It 's like a drug .
If I do n't go into Rafah , and if there is n't some kind of riot once in some weeks , I go nuts . '
Another explained : ' The most important thing is that it removes the burden of the law from you .
You feel that you are the law .
You are the law .
You are the one who decides ...
As though from the moment you leave the place that is called Eretz Yisrael [ the Land of Israel ] and go through the Erez checkpoint into the Gaza Strip , you are the law .
You are God . '
The soldiers described dozens of incidents of extreme violence .
One recalled an incident when a Palestinian was shot for no reason and left on the street .
' We were in a weapons carrier when this guy , around 25 , passed by in the street and , just like that , for no reason - he did n't throw a stone , did nothing - bang , a bullet in the stomach , he shot him in the stomach and the guy is dying on the pavement and we keep going , apathetic .
No one gave him a second look , ' he said .
The soldiers developed a mentality in which they would use physical violence to deter Palestinians from abusing them .
One described beating women .
' With women I have no problem .
With women , one threw a clog at me and I kicked her here [ pointing to the crotch ] , I broke everything there .
She can't have children .
Next time she wo n't throw clogs at me .
When one of them [ a woman ] spat at me , I gave her the rifle butt in the face .
She does n't have what to spit with any more . '
Yishai - Karin found that the soldiers were exposed to violence against Palestinians from as early as their first weeks of basic training .
On one occasion , the soldiers were escorting some arrested Palestinians .
The arrested men were made to sit on the floor of the bus .
They had been taken from their beds and were barely clothed , even though the temperature was below zero .
The new recruits trampled on the Palestinians and then proceeded to beat them for the whole of the journey .
They opened the bus windows and poured water on the arrested men .
The disclosure of the report in the Israeli media has occasioned a remarkable response .
In letters responding to the recollections , writers have focused on both the present and past experience of Israeli soldiers to ask troubling questions that have probed the legitimacy of the actions of the Israeli Defence Forces .
The study and the reactions to it have marked a sharp change in the way Israelis regard their period of military service - particularly in the occupied territories - which has been reflected in the increasing levels of conscientious objection and draft - dodging .
The debate has contrasted sharply with an Israeli army where new recruits are taught that they are joining ' the most ethical army in the world ' - a refrain that is echoed throughout Israeli society .
In its doctrine , published on its website , the Israeli army emphasises human dignity .
' The Israeli army and its soldiers are obligated to protect human dignity .
Every human being is of value regardless of his or her origin , religion , nationality , gender , status or position . '
However , the Israeli army , like other armies , has found it difficult to maintain these values beyond the classroom .
The first intifada , which began in 1987 , before the wave of suicide bombings , was markedly different to the violence of the second intifada , and its main events were popular demonstrations with stone - throwing .
Yishai - Karin , in an interview with Haaretz , described how her research came out of her own experience as a soldier at an army base in Rafah in the Gaza Strip .
She interviewed 18 ordinary soldiers and three officers whom she had served with in Gaza .
The soldiers described how the violence was encouraged by some commanders .
One soldier recalled : ' After two months in Rafah , a [ new ] commanding officer arrived ...
So we do a first patrol with him .
It 's 6 am , Rafah is under curfew , there is n't so much as a dog in the streets .
Only a little boy of four playing in the sand .
He is building a castle in his yard .
He [ the officer ] suddenly starts running and we all run with him .
He was from the combat engineers .
' He grabbed the boy .
I am a degenerate if I am not telling you the truth .
He broke his hand here at the wrist , broke his leg here .
And started to stomp on his stomach , three times , and left .
We are all there , jaws dropping , looking at him in shock ...
' The next day I go out with him on another patrol , and the soldiers are already starting to do the same thing . "
Yishai - Karin concluded that the main reason for the soldiers ' violence was a lack of training .
She found that the soldiers did not know what was expected of them and therefore were free to develop their own way of behaviour .
The longer a unit was left in the field , the more violent it became .
The Israeli soldiers , she concluded , had a level of violence which is universal across all nations and cultures .
If they are allowed to operate in difficult circumstances , such as in Gaza and the West Bank , without training and proper supervision , the violence is bound to come out .
A spokeswoman for the Israeli army said that , if a soldier deviates from the army 's norms , they could be investigated by the military police or face criminal investigation .
She said : ' It should be noted that since the events described in Nufar Yishai - Karin 's research the number of ethical violations by IDF soldiers involving the Palestinian population has consistently dropped .
This trend has continued in the last few years . '
The World Series starts tomorrow night and people around here have gone Rockies crazy .
I ’m getting asked a lot if I ’m excited , and the answer is yes – Go Red Sox !
They all want to know “ why are n’t you rooting for Colorado ? ”
So I ’m answering them :
First off , the Red Sox are my favorite team .
Second , I cannot abide the arrogance and stupidity of an organization that makes decisions according to a religious litmus test .
It ’s offensive , and would be so if they were using my beliefs as the test just as much as it is using evangelical Christianity , which is how they operate now .
I wrote about Team Jesus last year and do n’t know that my position has changed much .
But I want to take a few moments to do a little of what ’s called “ objection handling ” in the business world .
So here are a few objections to my take on the matter , followed by my responses .
1 : It ’s the team ’s right to make these decisions as they choose .
I never said it was n’t their right .
This is America , where you have the right to be ignorant , hateful , and a host of other undesirable things .
By the same token , it ’s my right to criticize when I see things that are ignorant and hateful .
It ’s called the “ marketplace of ideas , ” it ’s how democracy allegedly works , and this all ought to be obvious to anybody who paid attention in school .
But the “ it ’s their right ” position overlooks something important .
Ever been passed over for a job that you were really qualified for ?
Ever not get a scholarship you deserved ?
Ever go through a period where things just were n’t happening for you and you had no idea why ?
What if you were to find out that there was a reason for these things – you were n’t of the right religion ?
Well , it ’s up to you if you want to believe that it ’s okay to discriminate on the basis of religion , I guess , but is that really the America you ’re so darned choked up about every 4th of July ?
2 : As they say in that article , they ’re looking for character , and I think that ’s a good thing .
Yes , I do , too .
I think character is a critically important factor in the success of any organization , and I applaud them for figuring that out .
Of course , that ’s not the issue .
The problem is the implication that “ character ” is somehow synonymous with evangelical Christianity .
First off , that ’s an insult to everybody who is n’t of that religion .
Second , the assertion ought to be an embarrassment to anyone who actually understands Christianity .
I grew up Southern Baptist in the South , so I know a thing or two about character and how it relates to that collection of religions .
Some of the best people I ever met , including the grandmother who raised me , my wonderful little sister and the best man in my wedding , were and are Christians .
So were some of the absolute most appalling scoundrels I ever ran across .
Violent , abusive , racist – there is no negative human quality that is not an essential part of the nature of many American Christians .
By the same token , you find lots of character among non-Christians , too – in fact , I ’m honored to claim as friends a good number of non-Christians whose character I ’d stack up against any group of human beings on Earth .
If you think that “ character ” is exclusive to a particular religion , you ’re a moron .
I said it , I meant it , fuck you , and I wo n’t be apologizing for it anytime in this life .
3 : They do n’t really say that only Christians have character .
You ’re really into semantic games , are n’t you ?
Look , they said what they said , and if you do n’t get that you ’re just trying to find a way to let them off the hook for something I suspect you know is wrong .
If they thought character came in all religious persuasions we would n’t be having this conversation at all , now would we ?
4 : I think it ’s great they do that – I ’m a Christian .
Good for you .
I hope it ’s leading you down the path to a better life .
But that ’s not the issue , as I demonstrate above .
Let me try it this way .
Say you read this in the paper :
We think character is important to the success of an organization .
That ’s why we ’re seeking out white players .
You good with that ?
You gonna argue that they did n’t really say blacks and Latinos and Asians do n’t have character , they just said that whites do ?
Go ahead – make the argument .
The comment box awaits you .
But it ’s not the same , you insist ?
Yes , it is .
It ’s damned well exactly the same .
And let ’s test how you really feel on the subject .
Say the story were that the Rockies were after character and as a result they refused to hire Christians into the organization .
If you feel differently about these two propositions , then you need to sit down and have a hard look at yourself .
5 : I do n’t really worry about that stuff .
I just like the team .
Hey , I ’d like to like the team .
It ’s a great story if you can get past the discrimination .
But when you put your support and your dollars behind them , for whatever reasons , you ’re endorsing the point of view , whether you want to admit it or not .
And if you ’re ponying up for tickets , merchandise , concessions , parking – and if you ’re supporting their advertisers with your dollars – you ’re paying them to continue discriminating .
During the Civil Rights movement they had it figured out .
You stop patronizing those who act against you .
So there .
That ’s my reasoning .
As a moral and thoughtful citizen , as a man who has worked his whole life to cultivate the kind of character required to be successful in life , I have an obligation to speak out against discrimination and injustice in my community .
I ’ve never really thought of the Boston Red Sox organization as a beacon of liberty , exactly – they were just a baseball team I learned to love when I lived there .
But I guess that ’s the role they ’ll be playing when Josh Beckett throws the first pitch tomorrow night .
Go Sox – and may the organization with superior character win .
American columnist Diana
West recently released her book The Death of the Grown - up , where she traces the decline of Western civilization to the permanent youth rebellions of the past two generations .
The decade from the first half of the 1960s to the first half of the 1970s was clearly a major watershed in Western history , with the start of non-Western mass immigration in the USA , the birth of Eurabia in Western Europe and the rise of Multiculturalism and radical Feminism .
The paradox is that the people who viciously attacked their own civilization had enjoyed uninterrupted economic growth for decades , yet embraced Marxist - inspired ideologies and decided to undermine the very society which had allowed them to live privileged lives .
Maybe this is n't as strange as it seems .
Karl Marx himself was aided by the wealth of Friedrich Engels , the son of a successful industrialist .
This was also the age of decolonization in Western Europe and desegregation in the USA , which created an atmosphere where Western civilization was seen as evil .
Whatever the cause , we have since been stuck in a pattern of eternal opposition to our own civilization .
Some of these problems may well have older roots , but they became institutionalized to an unprecedented degree during the 1960s .
According to Diana
West , the organizing thesis of her book " is that the unprecedented transfer of cultural authority from adults to adolescents over the past half century or so has dire implications for the survival of the Western world . "
Having redirected our natural development away from adulthood and maturity in order to strike the pop- influenced pose of eternally cool youth – ever - open , non-judgmental , self - absorbed , searching for ( or just plain lacking ) identity – we have fostered a society marked by these same traits .
In short : Westerners live in a state of perpetual adolescence , but also with a corresponding perpetual identity crisis .
West thinks maturity went out of style in the rebellious 1960s , " the biggest temper tantrum in the history of the world , " which flouted authority figures of any kind .
She also believes that although the most radical break with the past took place during the 60s and 70s , the roots of Western youth culture are to be found in the 1950s with the birth of rock and roll music , Elvis Presley and actors such as James Dean .
Pop group
The Beatles embodied this in the early 60s , but changed radically in favor of drugs and the rejection of established wisdom as they approached 1970 , a shift which was reflected in the entire culture .
Personally , one of my favorite movies from the 1980s was Back to the Future .
In one of the scenes , actor Michael J. Fox travels in time from 1985 to 1955 .
Before he leaves 1985 , he hears the slogan " Re-elect Mayor .... Progress is his middle name . "
The same slogan is repeated in 1955 , only with a different name .
Politics is politics in any age .
Writers Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale have stated that they chose the year 1955 as the setting of the movie because this was the age of the birth of teen culture :
This was when the teenager started to rule , and he has ruled ever since .
As West says , many things changed in the economic boom in the decades following the Second World War : " When you talk about the postwar period , the vast new affluence is a big factor in reorienting the culture to adolescent desire .
You see a shift in cultural authority going to the young .
Instead of kids who might take a job to be able to help with household expenses , all of a sudden that pocket money was going into the manufacture of a massive new culture .
That conferred such importance to a period of adolescence that had never been there before . "
After generations of this celebration of youth , the adults have no confidence left : " Kids are planning expensive trips , going out unchaperoned , they are drinking , debauching , absolutely running amok , yet the parents say , ' I can't do anything about it . '
Parents have abdicated responsibilities to give in to adolescent desire . "
She believes that " Where womanhood stands today is deeply affected by the death of grown - up .
I would say the sexualized female is part of the phenomenon I 'm talking about , so I do n't think they 're immune to the death of the grown - up .
Women are still emulating young fashion .
Where sex is more available , there are no longer the same incentives building toward married life , which once was a big motivation toward the maturing process . "
Is she right ?
Have we become a civilization of Peter Pans refusing to grow up ?
Have we been cut off from the past by disparaging everything old as outmoded ?
I know blogger Conservative Swede , who likes Friedrich Nietzsche , thinks we suffer from " slave morality , " but I sometimes wonder whether we suffer from child morality rather than slave morality .
However , there are other forces at work here as well .
The welfare state encourages an infantilization of society where people return to childhood by being provided for by others .
This creates not just a culture obsessed with youth but with adolescent irresponsibility .
Many people live in a constant state of rebellion against not just their parents but their nation , their culture and their civilization .
Writer Theodore Dalrymple thinks one reason for the epidemic of self - destructiveness in Western societies is the avoidance of boredom : " For people who have no transcendent purpose to their lives and cannot invent one through contributing to a cultural tradition ( for example ) , in other words who have no religious belief and no intellectual interests to stimulate them , self - destruction and the creation of crises in their life is one way of warding off meaninglessness . "
According to him , what we are seeing now is " a society in which people demand to behave more or less as they wish , that is to say whimsically , in accordance with their kaleidoscopically changing desires , at the same time as being protected from the natural consequences of their own behaviour by agencies of the state .
The result is a combination of Sodom and Gomorrah and a vast and impersonal bureaucracy of welfare . "
The welfare state deprives you of the possibility of deriving self - respect from your work .
This can hurt a person 's self - respect , but more so for men than for women because masculine identity is closely tied to providing for others .
Stripped of this , male self - respect declines and society with it .
Dalrymple also worries about the end of fatherhood , and believes that the worst child abusers are governments promoting the very circumstances in which child abuse and neglect are most likely to take place : " He who promotes single parenthood is indifferent to the fate of children . "
Fatherhood scarcely exists , except in the merest biological sense :
" I worked in a hospital in which had it not been for the children of Indian immigrants , the illegitimacy rate of children born there would have approached one hundred per cent .
It became an almost indelicate question to ask of a young person who his or her father was ; to me , it was still an astounding thing to be asked , ' Do you mean my father now , at the moment ? ' as if it could change at any time and had in fact changed several times before . "
This is because " women are to have children merely because they want them , as is their government - given right , irrespective of their ability to bring them up , or who has to pay for them , or the consequences to the children themselves .
Men are to be permanently infantilised , their income being in essence pocket money for them to spend on their enjoyments , having no serious responsibilities at all ( beyond paying tax ) .
Henceforth , the state will be father to the child , and the father will be child of the state . "
As Swedish writer Per Bylund explains : " Most of us were not raised by our parents at all .
We were raised by the authorities in state daycare centers from the time of infancy ; then pushed on to public schools , public high schools , and public universities ; and later to employment in the public sector and more education via the powerful labor unions and their educational associations .
The state is ever - present and is to many the only means of survival – and its welfare benefits the only possible way to gain independence . "
Though Sweden is arguably an extreme case , author Melanie Phillips notices the same trends in Britain , too : " Our culture is now deep into uncharted territory .
Generations of family disintegration in turn are unravelling the fundamentals of civilised human behaviour .
Committed fathers are crucial to their children 's emotional development .
As a result of the incalculable irresponsibility of our elites , however , fathers have been seen for the past three decades as expendable and disposable .
Lone parenthood stopped being a source of shame and turned instead into a woman 's inalienable right .
The state has provided more and more inducements to women – through child benefit , council flats and other welfare provision – to have children without committed fathers .
This has produced generations of women - only households , where emotionally needy girls so often become hopelessly inadequate mothers who abuse and neglect their own children – who , in turn , perpetuate the destructive pattern .
This is culturally nothing less than suicidal . "
I sometimes wonder whether the modern West , and Western Europe in particular , should be dubbed the Fatherless Civilization .
Fathers have been turned into a caricature and there is a striking demonization of traditional male values .
Any person attempting to enforce rules and authority , a traditional male preserve , is seen as a Fascist and ridiculed , starting with God the Father .
We end up with a society of vague fathers who can be replaced at the whim of the mothers at any given moment .
Even the mothers have largely abdicated , leaving the upbringing of children to schools , kindergartens and television .
In fashion and lifestyle , mothers imitate their daughters , not vice versa .
The elaborate welfare state model in Western Europe is frequently labelled " the nanny state , " but perhaps it could also be named " the husband state . "
Why ?
Well , in a traditional society , the role of men was to physically protect and financially provide for their women .
In our modern society , part of this task has been " outsourced " to the state , which helps explain why women in general give disproportionate support to high taxation and pro-welfare state parties .
According to anthropologist Lionel Tiger , the ancient unit of a mother , a child and a father has morphed from monogamy into " bureaugamy , " a mother , a child and a bureaucrat .
The state has become a substitute husband .
In fact , it does n't replace just the husband , it replaces the entire nuclear and extended family , raises the children and cares for the elderly .
Øystein Djupedal , Minister of Education and Research from the Socialist Left Party and responsible for Norwegian education from kindergartens via high schools to PhD level , has stated : " I think that it 's simply a mistaken view of child - rearing to believe that parents are the best to raise children .
' Children need a village , ' said Hillary Clinton .
But we do n't have that .
The village of our time is the kindergarten . "
He later retracted this statement , saying that parents have the main responsibility for raising children , but that " kindergartens are a fantastic device for children , and it is good for children to spend time in kindergarten before [ they ] start school . "
The problem is that some of his colleagues use the kindergarten as the blueprint for society as a whole , even for adults .
In the fall of 2007 , Norway 's center - left government issued a warning to 140 companies that still had n't fulfilled the state - mandated quota of 40 percent women on their boards of directors .
Equality minister Karita Bekkemellem stated that companies failing to meet the quota will face involuntary dissolution , despite the fact that many are within traditionally male - oriented branches like the offshore oil industry , shipping and finance .
She called the law " historic and radical " and said it will be enforced .
Bekkemellem is thus punishing the naughty children who refuse to do as Mother State tells them to , even if these children happen to be private corporations .
The state replaces the father in the sense that it provides for you financially , but it acts more like a mother in removing risks and turning society into a cozy , regulated kindergarten with ice cream and speech codes .
Blog reader Tim W. thinks women tend to be more selfish than men vis -a - vis the opposite sex : " Men show concern for women and children while women .... well , they show concern for themselves and children .
I 'm not saying that individual women do n't show concern for husbands or brothers , but as a group ( or voting bloc ) they have no particular interest in men's well - being .
Women 's problems are always a major concern but men's problems are n't .
Every political candidate is expected to address women 's concerns , but a candidate even acknowledging that men might have concerns worth addressing would be ostracized . "
What if men lived an average of five years and eight months longer than women ?
Well , if that were the case , we 'd never hear the end of it : " Feminists and women candidates would walk around wearing buttons with ' five years , eight months ' written on them to constantly remind themselves and the world about this horrendous inequity .
That this would happen , and surely it would , says something about the differing natures of male and female voters . "
Bernard Chapin interviewed Dr. John Lott at Frontpage Magazine .
According to Lott , " I think that women are generally more risk averse then men are and they see government as one way of providing insurance against life 's vagaries .
I also think that divorced women with kids particularly turn towards government for protection .
Simply giving women the right to vote explained at least a third of the growth in government for about 45 years . "
He thinks this " explains a lot of the government 's growth in the US but also the rest of the world over the last century .
When states gave women the right to vote , government spending and tax revenue , even after adjusting for inflation and population , went from not growing at all to more than doubling in ten years .
As women gradually made up a greater and greater share of the electorate , the size of government kept on increasing .
This continued for 45 years as a lot of older women who had n't been used to voting when suffrage first passed were gradually replaced by younger women .
After you get to the 1960s , the continued growth in government is driven by higher divorce rates .
Divorce causes women with children to turn much more to government programs . "
The liberalization of abortion also led to more single parent families .
Diana
West thinks what we saw in the counterculture of the 1960s was a leveling of all sorts of hierarchies , both of learning and of authority .
From that emerged the leveling of culture and by extension Multiculturalism .
She also links this trend to the nanny state :
" In considering the strong links between an increasingly paternalistic nanny state and the death of the grown - up , I found that Tocqueville ( of course ) had long ago made the connections .
He tried to imagine under what conditions despotism could come to the United States .
He came up with a vision of the nation characterized , on the one hand , by an 'innumerable multitude of men , alike and equal , constantly circling around in pursuit of the petty and banal pleasures with which they glut their souls , ' and , on the other , by the ' immense protective power ' of the state .
' Banal pleasures ' and ' immense state power ' might have sounded downright science - fictional in the middle of the 19th century ; by the start of the 21st century , it begins to sound all too familiar .
Indeed , speaking of the all - powerful state , he wrote : ' It would resemble parental authority if , fatherlike , it tried to prepare its charges for a man 's life , but , on the contrary , it only tries to keep them in perpetual childhood . '
Perhaps the extent to which we , liberals and conservatives alike , have acquiesced to our state 's parental authority shows how far along we , as a culture , have reached Tocqueville 's state of ' perpetual childhood . ' "
This problem is even worse in Western Europe , a region with more elaborate welfare states than the USA and which has lived under the American military umbrella for generations , thus further enhancing the tendency for adolescent behavior .
The question , which was indirectly raised by Alexis de Tocqueville in the 1830s in his book Democracy in America , is this :
If democracy of universal suffrage means that everybody 's opinion is as good as everybody else 's , will this sooner or later turn into a society where everybody 's choices are also as good as everybody else 's , which leads to cultural relativism ?
Tocqueville wrote at a time when only men had the vote .
Will universal suffrage also lead to a situation where women vote themselves into possession of men's finances while reducing their authority and creating powerful state regulation of everything ?
I do n't know the answer to that .
What I do know is that the current situation is n't sustainable .
The absence of fatherhood has created a society full of social pathologies , and the lack of male self - confidence has made us easy prey for our enemies .
If the West is to survive , we need to reassert a healthy dose of male authority .
In order to do so we need to roll back the welfare state .
Perhaps we need to roll back some of the excesses of Western Feminism , too .
I would n't classify myself as a sci- fi fan at all – but I 'm a huge TNG fan .
Two decades ago almost to the day , Capt .
Jean - Luc Picard and the crew of the starship Enterprise warped onto television screens with Star Trek : The Next Generation .
Its seven seasons of exploration not only fuelled the science - fiction community , but drew in average viewers with its survey of humanity through encounters with alien races , simulated situations , time travel and the curiosity of an android named Data .
TNG was the first syndicated show to be nominated for a Best Drama Emmy , and its reruns are still running strong around the world .
A complete 49 - disc DVD set of every season will be released Tuesday .
To mark the 20th anniversary of such a groundbreaking show , here 's one humble take – there 's lots of room for debate – on the 20 best things about Star Trek : The Next Generation .
20
" Engage ! " :
This two - syllable phrase crept into the public 's vocabulary with Picard 's gravitas and point of a finger .
Debate with " Make it so . "
19
Ten - forward :
It was always interesting to hear crew members " buy " each other drinks at the head of in the Enterprise 's lounge – even though money was eliminated .
It 's also where Guinan introduced Worf to prune juice .
18
The Traveler :
The man from Tau Alpha C made only a few appearances throughout the series , but was one of the most memorable characters , with his powers to bridge time and space .
His connection to Wesley Crusher started early on when he took the Enterprise to the edge of the universe and continued as the young ensign learned how to stop time .
17
The Ferengi :
The big -eared intergalactic merchants started off as potential threats to the Federation , but their interests quickly turned to the adoration of business and women .
Want to get a good deal ?
Have a female rub their earlobes .
16
Dyson Sphere : A 1950s theory about how a civilization could build a structure that completely surrounded a star to harness its energy .
Not only did the Enterprise encounter such a monstrosity , but this was the episode in which Scotty returned .
15
Space probes :
It seemed like all of these encountered by the Enterprise were mysterious , but one in particular tugged on the heart strings of viewers .
In " The Inner Light , " considered one of TNG's best episodes , Picard woke up after being scanned by a probe to discover himself living a full life with a family , something he had never had as a captain .
The final scene in which Picard plays the flute was moving as well as haunting .
14
Dilithium :
The crystalline mineral that fuels the warp drive was never specifically explained until TNG .
Streams of matter and antimatter are directed into the dilithium crystal , which creates the plasma that powers the warp drive to travel faster than the speed of light .
13
Replicator : Mmmmm , instant dinner from a machine .
Too bad it does n't create actual alcohol .
12
Individual rights :
The debate over man or machine was highlighted in " Measure of a Man " when Data was put on trial to determine he 's a sentient being or the property of Starfleet .
It was always a point of contention with Data , especially when Riker turned him off – but it furthered the android 's exploration of humanity early on in the series .
11
Time shifting :
No flux capacitor on board , but the Enterprise has seen its fair share of adventures through time – from the Gold Rush in San Francisco to several temporal rifts that saw various versions of the ship and even the return of the hitherto deceased Tasha Yar , who gave birth to a half - Romulan in an alternate - universe paradox .
Ah , " Yesterday 's Enterprise . "
10
Cardassians :
Although the race plays a big role in Star Trek : Deep Space
Nine , these predatory , grey - faced bad guys do n't appear in TNG until the fourth season .
The Cardassians figured prominently in the memorable sixth season two - parter " Chain of Command " in which Picard was tortured .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
9
" Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra " : A metaphor for exploration in the episode " Darmok , " in which the Enterprise meet beings who express themselves only in metaphor .
" Sukat , his eye uncovered ! " " Picard and Dathon at El - Adrel . "
Sure , it looks like gibberish here , but " Darmok " was one of the show 's most exciting and creative scripts .
8
Lore : Although Data strived to be human , his twin brother exuded humanity 's shameful qualities .
Pulling the twin switch - a - roo can happen in any century , apparently .
7
Picard as a lady 's man :
The bald captain sure knew how to make the ladies swoon .
Whether it was archaeological digs with Vash to playing the flute in the bulkheads with Neela Daren , Picard was a futuristic Romeo .
6
Data as a lady 's man :
Since he and Picard are by far the two most popular characters of the series , they need most of the attention .
Early on – the third episode – Data 's " abilities " were tested when Tasha Yar seduces the android .
She asked if he 's " functional " and he replied that he was , in various " techniques . "
5
Saucer separation : The Enterprise from the original Star Trek left a lasting legacy about the look of a starship , but that immediately changed in the first episode of TNG when the saucer and warp drive sections separated .
Although the Enterprise only separated in three episodes – due to budget restraints – it was a remarkable visual .
4
Star Trek crossovers :
Even though TNG takes place nearly 80 years after Capt .
Kirk 's tenure , the longevity of Vulcans and a hitherto unknown transporter side effect gave Spock and Scotty cameos .
And you can't forget a withered Bones in the pilot .
3
The holodeck :
Who would n't want a room that could simulate reality ?
But the holodeck also got the crew into trouble on several occasions .
Professor Moriarty became a cult figure after he took over the Enterprise after the computer was asked to create a character who could outwit Data .
2
Q : This omnipotent being provided the bookends to TNG , but added a lot of comedic flair with his mischievous dealings with Picard .
He started off TNG by putting humanity on trial for its savage behaviour , but this recurring character delved into the intricacies of being human .
In the series finale , " All Good Things ... , " he helped Picard realize humanity has much exploration to do , not necessarily in outer space , but in its own mind .
1
The Borg : Resisting interest in this collective was futile .
Its relentless pursuit of assimilating worlds , just as its cube - shaped ship , was immediately ominous .
The Federation had never encountered such a threat until a single ship devastated the fleet in arguably the most popular episodes of the series , " The Best of Both Worlds " two - parter , in which Picard himself was assimilated by the evil cyborgs .
Bonus points for inspiring the best TNG movie , First Contact .
Read more about :
CHENNAI , India –
The fax machine on 76 - year - old Editor - in - Chief Syed Fazlulla 's crowded desk is by far the most sophisticated technology in the room .
It whizzes and burps forth a stream of scribbled notes from a correspondent in New Delhi .
Fazlulla , who is deep into creating the next issue of the handcrafted The Musalman daily newspaper , frowns as he deciphers the handwriting and searches for a cover story .
After some consideration , he passes the page to his brother who translates it into Urdu .
He in turn sends the text to the back room where writers take calligraphy quills in hand and begin .
Here in the shadow of the Wallajah Mosque , a team of six puts out this hand - penned paper .
Four of them are katibs – writers dedicated to the ancient art of Urdu calligraphy .
It takes three hours using a pen , ink and ruler to transform a sheet of paper into news and art .
GALLERY :
India 's News Calligraphers Do It on Deadline
" I write because I love the language , " says Rehaman Hussein , a mustached katib who has written the paper 's front page for more than 20 years .
" Urdu is a clean language .
It is the language of our Koran . "
But the Musalman 's future is uncertain because the art of Urdu calligraphy is a fast - fading tradition .
The newspaper has no clear successor who would produce it in its handwritten form when Fazlulla can no longer do the job .
The issue is a source of tension between him and his son Syed Nasarulla , who runs a greeting - card business out of a loft directly above his father 's office .
He would only reluctantly take the paper 's reins .
" I understand Urdu , but have no interest in calligraphy , " Nasarulla said .
" There is no practical reason we have not gone to computers .
If my father asks me to take over I will take over , but there will be changes . "
In the meantime , the office is a center for the South Indian Muslim community and hosts a stream of renowned poets , religious leaders and royalty who contribute to the pages , or just hang out , drink chai and recite their most recent works to the staff .
The Musalman publishes Urdu poetry and messages on devotion to God and communal harmony daily .
The newspaper 's content is not exactly hard - hitting .
It covers the basics of local politics and the writers translate stories from English papers into Urdu .
Still , the paper is widely read and appreciated by Muslims in Tripplicane and Chennai where the paper has a circulation of 20,000 .
While the Musalman is a Muslim newspaper , it is a hub of South Asian liberalism , employing both women and non-Muslims .
Half the katibs are women and the chief reporter is Hindu .
Staff members say that Indira Gandhi , former prime minister of India , once called the business the epitome of what modern India should be .
Fazlulla believes the handwritten pages are crucial to the paper and to the tradition of handwritten Urdu .
For centuries , handwriting was the definitive mark of social status , education and liberal values in India .
Calligraphers mastered the swooping Urdu script in ivory - tower institutions and penned copies of the Koran for wealthy patrons .
The pinnacle of a katib's achievement meant a seat at court and a chance to earn the sultan 's ear .
Similar to spoken Hindi , Urdu is a mixture of Arabic , Persian and local Indian languages .
It originated in the army camps of Muslim rulers in Delhi and has been the language of poets and artists because its rich roots draw on so many traditions across various cultures .
But when British colonizers swept across India importing printing presses and English , Urdu ceased to be the official court language .
It was spoken primarily by the Muslim community , but katibs could still make a living because no Urdu typeface existed .
That changed in 1997 with the first widely circulated Urdu computer font .
Nowadays , people learn to read and write Urdu mostly as a hobby .
" The real masters are all dead , or they are so old that they are blind and their hands wo n't work anymore , " Fazlulla said .
But the Musalman has survived and operates much as it has since it was founded in 1927 .
The biggest change came in the 1950s when Fazlulla unloaded a massive offset printer from a cargo ship .
He salvaged the machine from a defunct American newspaper , and the paper has used it ever since .
Each katib is responsible for one page .
If someone is sick , the others pull double shifts – there are no replacements anywhere in the city .
When calligraphers make mistakes they rewrite everything from scratch .
They earn 60 rupees ( about $ 1.50 ) per page .
The final proofs are transferred onto a black and white negative , then pressed onto printing plates .
The paper is sold for one cent on the streets of Chennai .
The paper 's popularity may not be enough to save the handwritten calligraphy tradition when the last of the katibs retires .
Fazlulla worries what the digital revolution might mean for the future of his paper and his brand of calligraphy .
" Urdu is sweeter when written by hand , " he said .
See related slideshow
Ron Paul may be running for president as a Republican but we all know he is n’t what passes for a Republican today .
At risk of being painfully obvious Republicans are just borrow - and - spend versions tax - and - spend Democrats these days .
They both want bigger government and they both want more war .
Ron Paul , of course , would change all that with a freedom philosophy based on small government and non-interventionist foreign policy i.e end the war and cut taxes .
A few short months ago Ron Paul looked like a long shot .
But that ’s changing now .
A member of the campaign told me there is a chance they can win the New Hamsphire primary .
On the fundraising side they just raised $ 1 million in one week .
They originally had a half million goal but they blew by it so fast they doubled it – and beat that too .
America is crying out for a straight - talking , anti-war , pro-freedom leader and it seems we have found him .
Now we need to move quickly to be able to vote for him in the Republican primary .
Libertarians , Democrats and others who are not registered Republican can change their registration by October 12 to be able to vote in the primary .
New York City Board of Elections Website says :
To Change Your Party Affiliation
You can change your party affiliation by obtaining a Voter Registration Form , indicating the change and sending it to the Board of Elections .
We will process the information and send you a new voter card reflecting the change in party .
You cannot CHANGE your enrollment and vote in the NEW PARTY of your choice in the same year .
Please Note : a change of enrollment will go into affect one week following the General Election .
The last day to change your enrollment is the same as the last day to register for the General Election ( 25 days prior to the date of the General Election ) .
Do n’t worry registering Republican wo n’t automatically turn you into a neo-con .
And you can always change back if Ron Paul is n’t nominated .
This may be the year when we finally come face to face with ourselves ; finally just lay back and say it — that we are really just a nation of 220 million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns , and no qualms at all about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable .
Today ’s installment of “ On the Morality Of ” concerns the topic of prostitution , and whether it should be legal .
Would a perfect society permit this practice , or would it be banned under the law ?
As I ’ve said before , universal utilitarianism was intended to promote the happiness of all human beings , and no person can decide what makes you happy with more knowledge or authority than you yourself .
Consistent with this conclusion , any society that follows UU should place the highest value on freedom , autonomy and self - direction .
Unless a practice harms someone against their will , there can be no justification for banning it .
In particular , we should n’t ban something because someone else has decided that no one could possibly find happiness in doing it .
No person has a right to make that decision on behalf of all of humanity .
For that reason , it seems – at least at first glance – that rational , consenting adults should be able to engage in any kind of economic transaction they see fit , including the exchange of sex for money .
If entered into freely , I see no reason why such an exchange should be degrading to either party .
If the objection is that it ’s wrong to pay a person for sexual gratification because it treats them as an object to serve our needs , I answer that many other kinds of economic transactions do the same thing .
We pay others to cook for us , to clean for us , to oversee our health , to give us vicarious thrills and excitement , and no one seems to find anything at all unsavory or disturbing about any of these .
Sex is a basic human drive the same as all the others .
Why should sex be the only one it ’s forbidden to sell ?
However , these neat , simple theoretical arguments always encounter the complications of the real world .
In the real world , it ’s true , we find prostitution almost invariably associated with a range of social ills – drug abuse , kidnapping , STDs , physical abuse , and many more .
Unquestionably , these are evils that we should prevent .
The issues are twofold : first , whether banning prostitution will prevent the problems that accompany it , and if so , whether these practical reasons outweigh the considerations of economic and personal liberty that argue for permitting it .
First consider the issue of whether to ban prostitution entirely .
The problem is that , self - evidently , there ’s a strong demand for this service , and that demand ca n’t be done away with by fiat simply by passing a law .
Like it or not , the exchange of sex for material gifts ( even if done through a more indirect route ) has been a part of human society since the beginning .
Not for nothing is prostitution called “ the oldest profession ” .
Outlawing prostitution does n’t stop it from happening ; it just drives the practice underground , and when this happens , there ’s reason to believe that abuse will become more prevalent .
If prostitution is illegal , prostitutes who are cheated or suffer abuse at the hands of pimps or customers can’t bring their complaints to the police , and there ’s little incentive for them to submit to testing for drugs or disease .
Similarly , the lack of oversight makes possible the kidnapping and sexual slavery of women .
In fact , there ’s a strong case that many of the social ills surrounding prostitution arise not despite but because of its illegality .
If this is true , it would do more good to bring it into the light , where it can be overseen and regulated .
And yet , again , real - world concerns complicate simple abstract arguments .
One of these concerns is that , even in areas that have experimented with legalizing prostitution , the problems have n’t gone away .
Horrifying articles like this expose from the Guardian show that , even in Nevada where prostitution is legal , many of the women who work in brothels suffer in conditions of abuse and near - slavery .
If legalized prostitution is the means to do away with the exploitation of women , we must answer the question of why legalizing it has n’t improved the situation in Nevada .
I can suggest one potential answer .
I doubt that most people who are prostitutes turn to that career out of enthusiastic choice .
Far more often , it ’s a last resort for the desperate .
By this argument , most of the people – most of the women , I should say – who turn to prostitution would not be doing so if they had other options .
Banning the practice would not solve this underlying problem .
But here ’s the important point : permitting it does n’t solve that problem either .
People who are in dire straits , people who are desperate , are vulnerable to exploitation and abuse .
This is just as true for legal professions as it is for illegal ones .
As long as women turn to prostitution out of desperation , these problems will likely persist .
But in a society with a strong social safety net , where the necessities of life were guaranteed to all citizens , no one would be forced to turn to prostitution .
Anyone who chose to engage in it would do so out of legitimate desire , not desperation .
This step , I think , would truly eliminate most of the social ills that come with prostitution .
These ills are not an intrinsic part of the career , but rather a reflection of the fact that many women who choose prostitution lack alternatives and are vulnerable to those who would mistreat and take advantage of them .
In a world where it was a career of choice , these problems would be greatly reduced if not eliminated .
Other posts in this series :
The Art of War
By Sun Tzu
Commentary : Many comments have been posted about The Art of War .
Download : A 60 k text - only version is available for download .
The Art of War
By Sun Tzu
Translated by Lionel Giles By Sun Tzu Translated by Lionel Giles
I. Laying Plans
1. Sun Tzu said :
The art of war is of vital importance to the State .
2 . It is a matter of life and death , a road either to safety or to ruin .
Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected .
3 . The art of war , then , is governed by five constant factors , to be taken into account in one 's deliberations , when seeking to determine the conditions obtaining in the field .
4 . These are : ( 1 ) The Moral Law ; ( 2 ) Heaven ; ( 3 ) Earth ; ( 4 ) The Commander ; ( 5 ) Method and discipline .
5,6 . The Moral Law causes the people to be in complete accord with their ruler , so that they will follow him regardless of their lives , undismayed by any danger .
7 . Heaven signifies night and day , cold and heat , times and seasons .
8. Earth comprises distances , great and small ; danger and security ; open ground and narrow passes ; the chances of life and death .
9 . The Commander stands for the virtues of wisdom , sincerely , benevolence , courage and strictness .
10 .
By method and discipline are to be understood the marshaling of the army in its proper subdivisions , the graduations of rank among the officers , the maintenance of roads by which supplies may reach the army , and the control of military expenditure .
11 . These five heads should be familiar to every general : he who knows them will be victorious ; he who knows them not will fail .
12 . Therefore , in your deliberations , when seeking to determine the military conditions , let them be made the basis of a comparison , in this wise :--
13 . ( 1 ) Which of the two sovereigns is imbued with the Moral law ?
( 2 ) Which of the two generals has most ability ?
( 3 ) With whom lie the advantages derived from Heaven and Earth ? ( 4 ) On which side is discipline most rigorously enforced ?
( 5 ) Which army is stronger ?
( 6 ) On which side are officers and men more highly trained ?
( 7 ) In which army is there the greater constancy both in reward and punishment ?
14 .
By means of these seven considerations I can forecast victory or defeat .
15 .
The general that hearkens to my counsel and acts upon it , will conquer : let such a one be retained in command !
The general that hearkens not to my counsel nor acts upon it , will suffer defeat :-- let such a one be dismissed !
16 .
While heading the profit of my counsel , avail yourself also of any helpful circumstances over and beyond the ordinary rules .
17 . According as circumstances are favorable , one should modify one 's plans .
18 . All warfare is based on deception .
19 .
Hence , when able to attack , we must seem unable ; when using our forces , we must seem inactive ; when we are near , we must make the enemy believe we are far away ; when far away , we must make him believe we are near .
20 .
Hold out baits to entice the enemy .
Feign disorder , and crush him .
21 . If he is secure at all points , be prepared for him .
If he is in superior strength , evade him .
22 . If your opponent is of choleric temper , seek to irritate him .
Pretend to be weak , that he may grow arrogant .
23 .
If he is taking his ease , give him no rest .
If his forces are united , separate them .
24 . Attack him where he is unprepared , appear where you are not expected .
25 .
These military devices , leading to victory , must not be divulged beforehand .
26 .
Now the general who wins a battle makes many calculations in his temple ere the battle is fought .
The general who loses a battle makes but few calculations beforehand .
Thus do many calculations lead to victory , and few calculations to defeat : how much more no calculation at all !
It is by attention to this point that I can foresee who is likely to win or lose .
II .
Waging War
1. Sun Tzu said :
In the operations of war , where there are in the field a thousand swift chariots , as many heavy chariots , and a hundred thousand mail - clad soldiers , with provisions enough to carry them a thousand li , the expenditure at home and at the front , including entertainment of guests , small items such as glue and paint , and sums spent on chariots and armor , will reach the total of a thousand ounces of silver per day .
Such is the cost of raising an army of 100,000 men .
2 . When you engage in actual fighting , if victory is long in coming , then men's weapons will grow dull and their ardor will be damped .
If you lay siege to a town , you will exhaust your strength .
3. Again , if the campaign is protracted , the resources of the State will not be equal to the strain .
4 . Now , when your weapons are dulled , your ardor damped , your strength exhausted and your treasure spent , other chieftains will spring up to take advantage of your extremity .
Then no man , however wise , will be able to avert the consequences that must ensue .
5 . Thus , though we have heard of stupid haste in war , cleverness has never been seen associated with long delays .
6 . There is no instance of a country having benefited from prolonged warfare .
7 . It is only one who is thoroughly acquainted with the evils of war that can thoroughly understand the profitable way of carrying it on .
8 . The skillful soldier does not raise a second levy , neither are his supply - wagons loaded more than twice .
9 . Bring war material with you from home , but forage on the enemy .
Thus the army will have food enough for its needs .
10 . Poverty of the State exchequer causes an army to be maintained by contributions from a distance .
Contributing to maintain an army at a distance causes the people to be impoverished .
11 . On the other hand , the proximity of an army causes prices to go up ; and high prices cause the people 's substance to be drained away .
12 . When their substance is drained away , the peasantry will be afflicted by heavy exactions .
13,14 .
With this loss of substance and exhaustion of strength , the homes of the people will be stripped bare , and three - tenths of their income will be dissipated ; while government expenses for broken chariots , worn - out horses , breast - plates and helmets , bows and arrows , spears and shields , protective mantles , draught - oxen and heavy wagons , will amount to four - tenths of its total revenue .
15 .
Hence a wise general makes a point of foraging on the enemy .
One cartload of the enemy 's provisions is equivalent to twenty of one 's own , and likewise a single picul of his provender is equivalent to twenty from one 's own store .
16 . Now in order to kill the enemy , our men must be roused to anger ; that there may be advantage from defeating the enemy , they must have their rewards .
17 .
Therefore in chariot fighting , when ten or more chariots have been taken , those should be rewarded who took the first .
Our own flags should be substituted for those of the enemy , and the chariots mingled and used in conjunction with ours .
The captured soldiers should be kindly treated and kept .
18 . This is called , using the conquered foe to augment one 's own strength .
19 .
In war , then , let your great object be victory , not lengthy campaigns .
20 .
Thus it may be known that the leader of armies is the arbiter of the people 's fate , the man on whom it depends whether the nation shall be in peace or in peril .
III .
Attack by Stratagem
1. Sun Tzu said :
In the practical art of war , the best thing of all is to take the enemy 's country whole and intact ; to shatter and destroy it is not so good .
So , too , it is better to recapture an army entire than to destroy it , to capture a regiment , a detachment or a company entire than to destroy them .
2 . Hence to fight and conquer in all your battles is not supreme excellence ; supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy 's resistance without fighting .
3 . Thus the highest form of generalship is to balk the enemy 's plans ; the next best is to prevent the junction of the enemy 's forces ; the next in order is to attack the enemy 's army in the field ; and the worst policy of all is to besiege walled cities .
4 . The rule is , not to besiege walled cities if it can possibly be avoided .
The preparation of mantlets , movable shelters , and various implements of war , will take up three whole months ; and the piling up of mounds over against the walls will take three months more .
5 . The general , unable to control his irritation , will launch his men to the assault like swarming ants , with the result that one - third of his men are slain , while the town still remains untaken .
Such are the disastrous effects of a siege .
6 . Therefore the skillful leader subdues the enemy 's troops without any fighting ; he captures their cities without laying siege to them ; he overthrows their kingdom without lengthy operations in the field .
7 . With his forces intact he will dispute the mastery of the Empire , and thus , without losing a man , his triumph will be complete .
This is the method of attacking by stratagem .
8 . It is the rule in war , if our forces are ten to the enemy 's one , to surround him ; if five to one , to attack him ; if twice as numerous , to divide our army into two .
9 . If equally matched , we can offer battle ; if slightly inferior in numbers , we can avoid the enemy ; if quite unequal in every way , we can flee from him .
10 .
Hence , though an obstinate fight may be made by a small force , in the end it must be captured by the larger force .
11 . Now the general is the bulwark of the State ; if the bulwark is complete at all points ; the State will be strong ; if the bulwark is defective , the State will be weak .
12 . There are three ways in which a ruler can bring misfortune upon his army :--
13 . (1 ) By commanding the army to advance or to retreat , being ignorant of the fact that it cannot obey .
This is called hobbling the army .
14 . ( 2 ) By attempting to govern an army in the same way as he administers a kingdom , being ignorant of the conditions which obtain in an army .
This causes restlessness in the soldier 's minds .
15 . ( 3 ) By employing the officers of his army without discrimination , through ignorance of the military principle of adaptation to circumstances .
This shakes the confidence of the soldiers .
16 .
But when the army is restless and distrustful , trouble is sure to come from the other feudal princes .
This is simply bringing anarchy into the army , and flinging victory away .
17 .
Thus we may know that there are five essentials for victory : ( 1 ) He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight .
( 2 ) He will win who knows how to handle both superior and inferior forces .
( 3 ) He will win whose army is animated by the same spirit throughout all its ranks .
( 4 ) He will win who , prepared himself , waits to take the enemy unprepared .
( 5 ) He will win who has military capacity and is not interfered with by the sovereign .
18 . Hence the saying :
If you know the enemy and know yourself , you need not fear the result of a hundred battles .
If you know yourself but not the enemy , for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat .
If you know neither the enemy nor yourself , you will succumb in every battle .
IV . Tactical Dispositions
1. Sun Tzu said :
The good fighters of old first put themselves beyond the possibility of defeat , and then waited for an opportunity of defeating the enemy .
2 . To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands , but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself .
3 . Thus the good fighter is able to secure himself against defeat , but can not make certain of defeating the enemy .
4 . Hence the saying :
One may know how to conquer without being able to do it .
5 . Security against defeat implies defensive tactics ; ability to defeat the enemy means taking the offensive .
6. Standing on the defensive indicates insufficient strength ; attacking , a superabundance of strength .
7 . The general who is skilled in defense hides in the most secret recesses of the earth ; he who is skilled in attack flashes forth from the topmost heights of heaven .
Thus on the one hand we have ability to protect ourselves ; on the other , a victory that is complete .
8 . To see victory only when it is within the ken of the common herd is not the acme of excellence .
9 . Neither is it the acme of excellence if you fight and conquer and the whole Empire says , " Well done ! "
10 .
To lift an autumn hair is no sign of great strength ; to see the sun and moon is no sign of sharp sight ; to hear the noise of thunder is no sign of a quick ear .
11 . What the ancients called a clever fighter is one who not only wins , but excels in winning with ease .
12 . Hence his victories bring him neither reputation for wisdom nor credit for courage .
13 .
He wins his battles by making no mistakes .
Making no mistakes is what establishes the certainty of victory , for it means conquering an enemy that is already defeated .
14 .
Hence the skillful fighter puts himself into a position which makes defeat impossible , and does not miss the moment for defeating the enemy .
15 .
Thus it is that in war the victorious strategist only seeks battle after the victory has been won , whereas he who is destined to defeat first fights and afterwards looks for victory .
16 .
The consummate leader cultivates the moral law , and strictly adheres to method and discipline ; thus it is in his power to control success .
17 .
In respect of military method , we have , firstly , Measurement ; secondly , Estimation of quantity ; thirdly , Calculation ; fourthly , Balancing of chances ; fifthly , Victory .
18 . Measurement owes its existence to Earth ; Estimation of quantity to Measurement ; Calculation to Estimation of quantity ; Balancing of chances to Calculation ; and Victory to Balancing of chances .
19 .
A victorious army opposed to a routed one , is as a pound 's weight placed in the scale against a single grain .
20 .
The onrush of a conquering force is like the bursting of pent - up waters into a chasm a thousand fathoms deep .
V. Energy
1. Sun Tzu said :
The control of a large force is the same principle as the control of a few men : it is merely a question of dividing up their numbers .
2 . Fighting with a large army under your command is nowise different from fighting with a small one : it is merely a question of instituting signs and signals .
3 . To ensure that your whole host may withstand the brunt of the enemy 's attack and remain unshaken -- this is effected by maneuvers direct and indirect .
4 . That the impact of your army may be like a grindstone dashed against an egg -- this is effected by the science of weak points and strong .
5 . In all fighting , the direct method may be used for joining battle , but indirect methods will be needed in order to secure victory .
6 . Indirect tactics , efficiently applied , are inexhaustible as Heaven and Earth , unending as the flow of rivers and streams ; like the sun and moon , they end but to begin anew ; like the four seasons , they pass away to return once more .
7 . There are not more than five musical notes , yet the combinations of these five give rise to more melodies than can ever be heard .
8 . There are not more than five primary colors ( blue , yellow , red , white , and black ) , yet in combination they produce more hues than can ever been seen .
9 . There are not more than five cardinal tastes ( sour , acrid , salt , sweet , bitter ) , yet combinations of them yield more flavors than can ever be tasted .
10 .
In battle , there are not more than two methods of attack -- the direct and the indirect ; yet these two in combination give rise to an endless series of maneuvers .
11 . The direct and the indirect lead on to each other in turn .
It is like moving in a circle -- you never come to an end .
Who can exhaust the possibilities of their combination ?
12 . The onset of troops is like the rush of a torrent which will even roll stones along in its course .
13 .
The quality of decision is like the well - timed swoop of a falcon which enables it to strike and destroy its victim .
14 .
Therefore the good fighter will be terrible in his onset , and prompt in his decision .
15 . Energy may be likened to the bending of a crossbow ; decision , to the releasing of a trigger .
16 . Amid the turmoil and tumult of battle , there may be seeming disorder and yet no real disorder at all ; amid confusion and chaos , your array may be without head or tail , yet it will be proof against defeat .
17 . Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline , simulated fear postulates courage ; simulated weakness postulates strength .
18 . Hiding order beneath the cloak of disorder is simply a question of subdivision ; concealing courage under a show of timidity presupposes a fund of latent energy ; masking strength with weakness is to be effected by tactical dispositions .
19 .
Thus one who is skillful at keeping the enemy on the move maintains deceitful appearances , according to which the enemy will act .
He sacrifices something , that the enemy may snatch at it .
20 .
By holding out baits , he keeps him on the march ; then with a body of picked men he lies in wait for him .
21 . The clever combatant looks to the effect of combined energy , and does not require too much from individuals .
Hence his ability to pick out the right men and utilize combined energy .
22 . When he utilizes combined energy , his fighting men become as it were like unto rolling logs or stones .
For it is the nature of a log or stone to remain motionless on level ground , and to move when on a slope ; if four - cornered , to come to a standstill , but if round - shaped , to go rolling down .
23 .
Thus the energy developed by good fighting men is as the momentum of a round stone rolled down a mountain thousands of feet in height .
So much on the subject of energy .
VI . Weak Points and Strong
1. Sun Tzu said :
Whoever is first in the field and awaits the coming of the enemy , will be fresh for the fight ; whoever is second in the field and has to hasten to battle will arrive exhausted .
2 . Therefore the clever combatant imposes his will on the enemy , but does not allow the enemy 's will to be imposed on him .
3 . By holding out advantages to him , he can cause the enemy to approach of his own accord ; or , by inflicting damage , he can make it impossible for the enemy to draw near .
4 . If the enemy is taking his ease , he can harass him ; if well supplied with food , he can starve him out ; if quietly encamped , he can force him to move .
5 . Appear at points which the enemy must hasten to defend ; march swiftly to places where you are not expected .
6 . An army may march great distances without distress , if it marches through country where the enemy is not .
7 . You can be sure of succeeding in your attacks if you only attack places which are undefended .
You can ensure the safety of your defense if you only hold positions that can not be attacked .
8 . Hence that general is skillful in attack whose opponent does not know what to defend ; and he is skillful in defense whose opponent does not know what to attack .
9 . O divine art of subtlety and secrecy !
Through you we learn to be invisible , through you inaudible ; and hence we can hold the enemy 's fate in our hands .
10 .
You may advance and be absolutely irresistible , if you make for the enemy 's weak points ; you may retire and be safe from pursuit if your movements are more rapid than those of the enemy .
11 . If we wish to fight , the enemy can be forced to an engagement even though he be sheltered behind a high rampart and a deep ditch .
All we need do is attack some other place that he will be obliged to relieve .
12 . If we do not wish to fight , we can prevent the enemy from engaging us even though the lines of our encampment be merely traced out on the ground .
All we need do is to throw something odd and unaccountable in his way .
13 .
By discovering the enemy 's dispositions and remaining invisible ourselves , we can keep our forces concentrated , while the enemy 's must be divided .
14 .
We can form a single united body , while the enemy must split up into fractions .
Hence there will be a whole pitted against separate parts of a whole , which means that we shall be many to the enemy 's few .
15 .
And if we are able thus to attack an inferior force with a superior one , our opponents will be in dire straits .
16 .
The spot where we intend to fight must not be made known ; for then the enemy will have to prepare against a possible attack at several different points ; and his forces being thus distributed in many directions , the numbers we shall have to face at any given point will be proportionately few .
17 .
For should the enemy strengthen his van , he will weaken his rear ; should he strengthen his rear , he will weaken his van ; should he strengthen his left , he will weaken his right ; should he strengthen his right , he will weaken his left .
If he sends reinforcements everywhere , he will everywhere be weak .
18 . Numerical weakness comes from having to prepare against possible attacks ; numerical strength , from compelling our adversary to make these preparations against us .
19 .
Knowing the place and the time of the coming battle , we may concentrate from the greatest distances in order to fight .
20 .
But if neither time nor place be known , then the left wing will be impotent to succor the right , the right equally impotent to succor the left , the van unable to relieve the rear , or the rear to support the van .
How much more so if the furthest portions of the army are anything under a hundred LI apart , and even the nearest are separated by several LI !
21 . Though according to my estimate the soldiers of Yueh exceed our own in number , that shall advantage them nothing in the matter of victory .
I say then that victory can be achieved .
22 . Though the enemy be stronger in numbers , we may prevent him from fighting .
Scheme so as to discover his plans and the likelihood of their success .
23 . Rouse him , and learn the principle of his activity or inactivity .
Force him to reveal himself , so as to find out his vulnerable spots .
24 . Carefully compare the opposing army with your own , so that you may know where strength is superabundant and where it is deficient .
25 .
In making tactical dispositions , the highest pitch you can attain is to conceal them ; conceal your dispositions , and you will be safe from the prying of the subtlest spies , from the machinations of the wisest brains .
26 .
How victory may be produced for them out of the enemy 's own tactics -- that is what the multitude cannot comprehend .
27 .
All men can see the tactics whereby I conquer , but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved .
28 .
Do not repeat the tactics which have gained you one victory , but let your methods be regulated by the infinite variety of circumstances .
29 .
Military tactics are like unto water ; for water in its natural course runs away from high places and hastens downwards .
30 .
So in war , the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak .
31 . Water shapes its course according to the nature of the ground over which it flows ; the soldier works out his victory in relation to the foe whom he is facing .
32 . Therefore , just as water retains no constant shape , so in warfare there are no constant conditions .
33 .
He who can modify his tactics in relation to his opponent and thereby succeed in winning , may be called a heaven - born captain .
34 .
The five elements ( water , fire , wood , metal , earth ) are not always equally predominant ; the four seasons make way for each other in turn .
There are short days and long ; the moon has its periods of waning and waxing .
VII .
Maneuvering
1. Sun Tzu said :
In war , the general receives his commands from the sovereign .
2 . Having collected an army and concentrated his forces , he must blend and harmonize the different elements thereof before pitching his camp .
3 . After that , comes tactical maneuvering , than which there is nothing more difficult .
The difficulty of tactical maneuvering consists in turning the devious into the direct , and misfortune into gain .
4 . Thus , to take a long and circuitous route , after enticing the enemy out of the way , and though starting after him , to contrive to reach the goal before him , shows knowledge of the artifice of deviation .
5 . Maneuvering with an army is advantageous ; with an undisciplined multitude , most dangerous .
6 . If you set a fully equipped army in march in order to snatch an advantage , the chances are that you will be too late .
On the other hand , to detach a flying column for the purpose involves the sacrifice of its baggage and stores .
7 . Thus , if you order your men to roll up their buff - coats , and make forced marches without halting day or night , covering double the usual distance at a stretch , doing a hundred LI in order to wrest an advantage , the leaders of all your three divisions will fall into the hands of the enemy .
8 . The stronger men will be in front , the jaded ones will fall behind , and on this plan only one - tenth of your army will reach its destination .
9 . If you march fifty LI in order to outmaneuver the enemy , you will lose the leader of your first division , and only half your force will reach the goal .
10 .
If you march thirty LI with the same object , two - thirds of your army will arrive .
11 . We may take it then that an army without its baggage - train is lost ; without provisions it is lost ; without bases of supply it is lost .
12 . We cannot enter into alliances until we are acquainted with the designs of our neighbors .
13 .
We are not fit to lead an army on the march unless we are familiar with the face of the country - - its mountains and forests , its pitfalls and precipices , its marshes and swamps .
14 .
We shall be unable to turn natural advantage to account unless we make use of local guides .
15 .
In war , practice dissimulation , and you will succeed .
16 .
Whether to concentrate or to divide your troops , must be decided by circumstances .
17 .
Let your rapidity be that of the wind , your compactness that of the forest .
18 . In raiding and plundering be like fire , is immovability like a mountain .
19 .
Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night , and when you move , fall like a thunderbolt .
20 .
When you plunder a countryside , let the spoil be divided amongst your men ; when you capture new territory , cut it up into allotments for the benefit of the soldiery .
21 . Ponder and deliberate before you make a move .
22 . He will conquer who has learnt the artifice of deviation .
Such is the art of maneuvering .
23 . The Book of Army Management says :
On the field of battle , the spoken word does not carry far enough : hence the institution of gongs and drums .
Nor can ordinary objects be seen clearly enough : hence the institution of banners and flags .
24 . Gongs and drums , banners and flags , are means whereby the ears and eyes of the host may be focused on one particular point .
25 .
The host thus forming a single united body , is it impossible either for the brave to advance alone , or for the cowardly to retreat alone .
This is the art of handling large masses of men .
26 .
In night - fighting , then , make much use of signal - fires and drums , and in fighting by day , of flags and banners , as a means of influencing the ears and eyes of your army .
27 .
A whole army may be robbed of its spirit ; a commander - in - chief may be robbed of his presence of mind .
28 . Now a soldier 's spirit is keenest in the morning ; by noonday it has begun to flag ; and in the evening , his mind is bent only on returning to camp .
29 .
A clever general , therefore , avoids an army when its spirit is keen , but attacks it when it is sluggish and inclined to return .
This is the art of studying moods .
30 .
Disciplined and calm , to await the appearance of disorder and hubbub amongst the enemy :-- this is the art of retaining self - possession .
31 .
To be near the goal while the enemy is still far from it , to wait at ease while the enemy is toiling and struggling , to be well - fed while the enemy is famished :-- this is the art of husbanding one 's strength .
32 . To refrain from intercepting an enemy whose banners are in perfect order , to refrain from attacking an army drawn up in calm and confident array :-- this is the art of studying circumstances .
33 .
It is a military axiom not to advance uphill against the enemy , nor to oppose him when he comes downhill .
34 .
Do not pursue an enemy who simulates flight ; do not attack soldiers whose temper is keen .
35 .
Do not swallow bait offered by the enemy .
Do not interfere with an army that is returning home .
36 .
When you surround an army , leave an outlet free .
Do not press a desperate foe too hard .
37 . Such is the art of warfare .
VIII .
Variation in Tactics
1. Sun Tzu said :
In war , the general receives his commands from the sovereign , collects his army and concentrates his forces
2 . When in difficult country , do not encamp .
In country where high roads intersect , join hands with your allies .
Do not linger in dangerously isolated positions .
In hemmed - in situations , you must resort to stratagem .
In desperate position , you must fight .
3 . There are roads which must not be followed , armies which must be not attacked , towns which must be besieged , positions which must not be contested , commands of the sovereign which must not be obeyed .
4 . The general who thoroughly understands the advantages that accompany variation of tactics knows how to handle his troops .
5 . The general who does not understand these , may be well acquainted with the configuration of the country , yet he will not be able to turn his knowledge to practical account .
6 . So , the student of war who is unversed in the art of war of varying his plans , even though he be acquainted with the Five Advantages , will fail to make the best use of his men .
7 . Hence in the wise leader 's plans , considerations of advantage and of disadvantage will be blended together .
8 . If our expectation of advantage be tempered in this way , we may succeed in accomplishing the essential part of our schemes .
9 . If , on the other hand , in the midst of difficulties we are always ready to seize an advantage , we may extricate ourselves from misfortune .
10 .
Reduce the hostile chiefs by inflicting damage on them ; and make trouble for them , and keep them constantly engaged ; hold out specious allurements , and make them rush to any given point .
11 . The art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy 's not coming , but on our own readiness to receive him ; not on the chance of his not attacking , but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable .
12 . There are five dangerous faults which may affect a general : ( 1 ) Recklessness , which leads to destruction ; ( 2 ) cowardice , which leads to capture ; ( 3 ) a hasty temper , which can be provoked by insults ; ( 4 ) a delicacy of honor which is sensitive to shame ; ( 5 ) over - solicitude for his men , which exposes him to worry and trouble .
13 .
These are the five besetting sins of a general , ruinous to the conduct of war .
14 .
When an army is overthrown and its leader slain , the cause will surely be found among these five dangerous faults .
Let them be a subject of meditation .
IX .
The Army on the March
1. Sun Tzu said :
We come now to the question of encamping the army , and observing signs of the enemy .
Pass quickly over mountains , and keep in the neighborhood of valleys .
2. Camp in high places , facing the sun .
Do not climb heights in order to fight .
So much for mountain warfare .
3 . After crossing a river , you should get far away from it .
4 . When an invading force crosses a river in its onward march , do not advance to meet it in mid-stream .
It will be best to let half the army get across , and then deliver your attack .
5 . If you are anxious to fight , you should not go to meet the invader near a river which he has to cross .
6 . Moor your craft higher up than the enemy , and facing the sun .
Do not move up - stream to meet the enemy .
So much for river warfare .
7 . In crossing salt - marshes , your sole concern should be to get over them quickly , without any delay .
8 . If forced to fight in a salt - marsh , you should have water and grass near you , and get your back to a clump of trees .
So much for operations in salt - marches .
9 . In dry , level country , take up an easily accessible position with rising ground to your right and on your rear , so that the danger may be in front , and safety lie behind .
So much for campaigning in flat country .
10 .
These are the four useful branches of military knowledge which enabled the Yellow Emperor to vanquish four several sovereigns .
11 . All armies prefer high ground to low and sunny places to dark .
12 . If you are careful of your men , and camp on hard ground , the army will be free from disease of every kind , and this will spell victory .
13 .
When you come to a hill or a bank , occupy the sunny side , with the slope on your right rear .
Thus you will at once act for the benefit of your soldiers and utilize the natural advantages of the ground .
14 .
When , in consequence of heavy rains up - country , a river which you wish to ford is swollen and flecked with foam , you must wait until it subsides .
15 . Country in which there are precipitous cliffs with torrents running between , deep natural hollows , confined places , tangled thickets , quagmires and crevasses , should be left with all possible speed and not approached .
16 .
While we keep away from such places , we should get the enemy to approach them ; while we face them , we should let the enemy have them on his rear .
17 .
If in the neighborhood of your camp there should be any hilly country , ponds surrounded by aquatic grass , hollow basins filled with reeds , or woods with thick undergrowth , they must be carefully routed out and searched ; for these are places where men in ambush or insidious spies are likely to be lurking .
18 .
When the enemy is close at hand and remains quiet , he is relying on the natural strength of his position .
19 .
When he keeps aloof and tries to provoke a battle , he is anxious for the other side to advance .
20 .
If his place of encampment is easy of access , he is tendering a bait .
21 . Movement amongst the trees of a forest shows that the enemy is advancing .
The appearance of a number of screens in the midst of thick grass means that the enemy wants to make us suspicious .
22 . The rising of birds in their flight is the sign of an ambuscade .
Startled beasts indicate that a sudden attack is coming .
23 .
When there is dust rising in a high column , it is the sign of chariots advancing ; when the dust is low , but spread over a wide area , it betokens the approach of infantry .
When it branches out in different directions , it shows that parties have been sent to collect firewood .
A few clouds of dust moving to and fro signify that the army is encamping .
24 . Humble words and increased preparations are signs that the enemy is about to advance .
Violent language and driving forward as if to the attack are signs that he will retreat .
25 .
When the light chariots come out first and take up a position on the wings , it is a sign that the enemy is forming for battle .
26 . Peace proposals unaccompanied by a sworn covenant indicate a plot .
27 .
When there is much running about and the soldiers fall into rank , it means that the critical moment has come .
28 .
When some are seen advancing and some retreating , it is a lure .
29 .
When the soldiers stand leaning on their spears , they are faint from want of food .
30 .
If those who are sent to draw water begin by drinking themselves , the army is suffering from thirst .
31 . If the enemy sees an advantage to be gained and makes no effort to secure it , the soldiers are exhausted .
32 . If birds gather on any spot , it is unoccupied .
Clamor by night betokens nervousness .
33 .
If there is disturbance in the camp , the general 's authority is weak .
If the banners and flags are shifted about , sedition is afoot .
If the officers are angry , it means that the men are weary .
34 .
When an army feeds its horses with grain and kills its cattle for food , and when the men do not hang their cooking - pots over the camp - fires , showing that they will not return to their tents , you may know that they are determined to fight to the death .
35 .
The sight of men whispering together in small knots or speaking in subdued tones points to disaffection amongst the rank and file .
36 .
Too frequent rewards signify that the enemy is at the end of his resources ; too many punishments betray a condition of dire distress .
37 .
To begin by bluster , but afterwards to take fright at the enemy 's numbers , shows a supreme lack of intelligence .
38 .
When envoys are sent with compliments in their mouths , it is a sign that the enemy wishes for a truce .
39 .
If the enemy 's troops march up angrily and remain facing ours for a long time without either joining battle or taking themselves off again , the situation is one that demands great vigilance and circumspection .
40 .
If our troops are no more in number than the enemy , that is amply sufficient ; it only means that no direct attack can be made .
What we can do is simply to concentrate all our available strength , keep a close watch on the enemy , and obtain reinforcements .
41 . He who exercises no forethought but makes light of his opponents is sure to be captured by them .
42 . If soldiers are punished before they have grown attached to you , they will not prove submissive ; and , unless submissive , then will be practically useless .
If , when the soldiers have become attached to you , punishments are not enforced , they will still be unless .
43 .
Therefore soldiers must be treated in the first instance with humanity , but kept under control by means of iron discipline .
This is a certain road to victory .
44 .
If in training soldiers commands are habitually enforced , the army will be well - disciplined ; if not , its discipline will be bad .
45 .
If a general shows confidence in his men but always insists on his orders being obeyed , the gain will be mutual .
X. Terrain
1. Sun Tzu said :
We may distinguish six kinds of terrain , to wit : ( 1 ) Accessible ground ; ( 2 ) entangling ground ; ( 3 ) temporizing ground ; ( 4 ) narrow passes ; ( 5 ) precipitous heights ; ( 6 ) positions at a great distance from the enemy .
2. Ground which can be freely traversed by both sides is called accessible .
3 . With regard to ground of this nature , be before the enemy in occupying the raised and sunny spots , and carefully guard your line of supplies .
Then you will be able to fight with advantage .
4 . Ground which can be abandoned but is hard to re-occupy is called entangling .
5 . From a position of this sort , if the enemy is unprepared , you may sally forth and defeat him .
But if the enemy is prepared for your coming , and you fail to defeat him , then , return being impossible , disaster will ensue .
6 . When the position is such that neither side will gain by making the first move , it is called temporizing ground .
7 . In a position of this sort , even though the enemy should offer us an attractive bait , it will be advisable not to stir forth , but rather to retreat , thus enticing the enemy in his turn ; then , when part of his army has come out , we may deliver our attack with advantage .
8 . With regard to narrow passes , if you can occupy them first , let them be strongly garrisoned and await the advent of the enemy .
9 . Should the army forestall you in occupying a pass , do not go after him if the pass is fully garrisoned , but only if it is weakly garrisoned .
10 .
With regard to precipitous heights , if you are beforehand with your adversary , you should occupy the raised and sunny spots , and there wait for him to come up .
11 . If the enemy has occupied them before you , do not follow him , but retreat and try to entice him away .
12 . If you are situated at a great distance from the enemy , and the strength of the two armies is equal , it is not easy to provoke a battle , and fighting will be to your disadvantage .
13 .
These six are the principles connected with Earth .
The general who has attained a responsible post must be careful to study them .
14 . Now an army is exposed to six several calamities , not arising from natural causes , but from faults for which the general is responsible .
These are : ( 1 ) Flight ; ( 2 ) insubordination ; ( 3 ) collapse ; ( 4 ) ruin ; ( 5 ) disorganization ; ( 6 ) rout .
15 .
Other conditions being equal , if one force is hurled against another ten times its size , the result will be the flight of the former .
16 .
When the common soldiers are too strong and their officers too weak , the result is insubordination .
When the officers are too strong and the common soldiers too weak , the result is collapse .
17 .
When the higher officers are angry and insubordinate , and on meeting the enemy give battle on their own account from a feeling of resentment , before the commander - in - chief can tell whether or no he is in a position to fight , the result is ruin .
18 .
When the general is weak and without authority ; when his orders are not clear and distinct ; when there are no fixes duties assigned to officers and men , and the ranks are formed in a slovenly haphazard manner , the result is utter disorganization .
19 .
When a general , unable to estimate the enemy 's strength , allows an inferior force to engage a larger one , or hurls a weak detachment against a powerful one , and neglects to place picked soldiers in the front rank , the result must be rout .
20 .
These are six ways of courting defeat , which must be carefully noted by the general who has attained a responsible post .
21 . The natural formation of the country is the soldier 's best ally ; but a power of estimating the adversary , of controlling the forces of victory , and of shrewdly calculating difficulties , dangers and distances , constitutes the test of a great general .
22 . He who knows these things , and in fighting puts his knowledge into practice , will win his battles .
He who knows them not , nor practices them , will surely be defeated .
23 .
If fighting is sure to result in victory , then you must fight , even though the ruler forbid it ; if fighting will not result in victory , then you must not fight even at the ruler 's bidding .
24 .
The general who advances without coveting fame and retreats without fearing disgrace , whose only thought is to protect his country and do good service for his sovereign , is the jewel of the kingdom .
25 . Regard your soldiers as your children , and they will follow you into the deepest valleys ; look upon them as your own beloved sons , and they will stand by you even unto death .
26 . If , however , you are indulgent , but unable to make your authority felt ; kind - hearted , but unable to enforce your commands ; and incapable , moreover , of quelling disorder : then your soldiers must be likened to spoilt children ; they are useless for any practical purpose .
27 .
If we know that our own men are in a condition to attack , but are unaware that the enemy is not open to attack , we have gone only halfway towards victory .
28 .
If we know that the enemy is open to attack , but are unaware that our own men are not in a condition to attack , we have gone only halfway towards victory .
29 .
If we know that the enemy is open to attack , and also know that our men are in a condition to attack , but are unaware that the nature of the ground makes fighting impracticable , we have still gone only halfway towards victory .
30 .
Hence the experienced soldier , once in motion , is never bewildered ; once he has broken camp , he is never at a loss .
31 . Hence the saying :
If you know the enemy and know yourself , your victory will not stand in doubt ; if you know Heaven and know Earth , you may make your victory complete .
XI .
The Nine Situations
1. Sun Tzu said :
The art of war recognizes nine varieties of ground : ( 1 ) Dispersive ground ; ( 2 ) facile ground ; ( 3 ) contentious ground ; ( 4 ) open ground ; ( 5 ) ground of intersecting highways ; ( 6 ) serious ground ; ( 7 ) difficult ground ; ( 8 ) hemmed - in ground ; ( 9 ) desperate ground .
2 . When a chieftain is fighting in his own territory , it is dispersive ground .
3 . When he has penetrated into hostile territory , but to no great distance , it is facile ground .
4 . Ground the possession of which imports great advantage to either side , is contentious ground .
5 . Ground on which each side has liberty of movement is open ground .
6 . Ground which forms the key to three contiguous states , so that he who occupies it first has most of the Empire at his command , is a ground of intersecting highways .
7 . When an army has penetrated into the heart of a hostile country , leaving a number of fortified cities in its rear , it is serious ground .
8. Mountain forests , rugged steeps , marshes and fens -- all country that is hard to traverse : this is difficult ground .
9 . Ground which is reached through narrow gorges , and from which we can only retire by tortuous paths , so that a small number of the enemy would suffice to crush a large body of our men : this is hemmed in ground .
10 .
Ground on which we can only be saved from destruction by fighting without delay , is desperate ground .
11 . On dispersive ground , therefore , fight not .
On facile ground , halt not .
On contentious ground , attack not .
12 . On open ground , do not try to block the enemy 's way .
On the ground of intersecting highways , join hands with your allies .
13 .
On serious ground , gather in plunder .
In difficult ground , keep steadily on the march .
14 .
On hemmed - in ground , resort to stratagem .
On desperate ground , fight .
15 .
Those who were called skillful leaders of old knew how to drive a wedge between the enemy 's front and rear ; to prevent co-operation between his large and small divisions ; to hinder the good troops from rescuing the bad , the officers from rallying their men .
16 .
When the enemy 's men were united , they managed to keep them in disorder .
17 .
When it was to their advantage , they made a forward move ; when otherwise , they stopped still .
18 . If asked how to cope with a great host of the enemy in orderly array and on the point of marching to the attack , I should say : " Begin by seizing something which your opponent holds dear ; then he will be amenable to your will . "
19 .
Rapidity is the essence of war : take advantage of the enemy 's unreadiness , make your way by unexpected routes , and attack unguarded spots .
20 .
The following are the principles to be observed by an invading force :
The further you penetrate into a country , the greater will be the solidarity of your troops , and thus the defenders will not prevail against you .
21 . Make forays in fertile country in order to supply your army with food .
22 . Carefully study the well - being of your men , and do not overtax them .
Concentrate your energy and hoard your strength .
Keep your army continually on the move , and devise unfathomable plans .
23 .
Throw your soldiers into positions whence there is no escape , and they will prefer death to flight .
If they will face death , there is nothing they may not achieve .
Officers and men alike will put forth their uttermost strength .
24 . Soldiers when in desperate straits lose the sense of fear .
If there is no place of refuge , they will stand firm .
If they are in hostile country , they will show a stubborn front .
If there is no help for it , they will fight hard .
25 .
Thus , without waiting to be marshaled , the soldiers will be constantly on the qui vive ; without waiting to be asked , they will do your will ; without restrictions , they will be faithful ; without giving orders , they can be trusted .
26 . Prohibit the taking of omens , and do away with superstitious doubts .
Then , until death itself comes , no calamity need be feared .
27 .
If our soldiers are not overburdened with money , it is not because they have a distaste for riches ; if their lives are not unduly long , it is not because they are disinclined to longevity .
28 .
On the day they are ordered out to battle , your soldiers may weep , those sitting up bedewing their garments , and those lying down letting the tears run down their cheeks .
But let them once be brought to bay , and they will display the courage of a Chu or a Kuei .
29 .
The skillful tactician may be likened to the shuai - jan .
Now the shuai - jan is a snake that is found in the ChUng mountains .
Strike at its head , and you will be attacked by its tail ; strike at its tail , and you will be attacked by its head ; strike at its middle , and you will be attacked by head and tail both .
30 .
Asked if an army can be made to imitate the shuai - jan , I should answer , Yes .
For the men of Wu and the men of Yueh are enemies ; yet if they are crossing a river in the same boat and are caught by a storm , they will come to each other 's assistance just as the left hand helps the right .
31 . Hence it is not enough to put one 's trust in the tethering of horses , and the burying of chariot wheels in the ground
32 . The principle on which to manage an army is to set up one standard of courage which all must reach .
33 .
How to make the best of both strong and weak -- that is a question involving the proper use of ground .
34 .
Thus the skillful general conducts his army just as though he were leading a single man , willy - nilly , by the hand .
35 .
It is the business of a general to be quiet and thus ensure secrecy ; upright and just , and thus maintain order .
36 .
He must be able to mystify his officers and men by false reports and appearances , and thus keep them in total ignorance .
37 .
By altering his arrangements and changing his plans , he keeps the enemy without definite knowledge .
By shifting his camp and taking circuitous routes , he prevents the enemy from anticipating his purpose .
38 .
At the critical moment , the leader of an army acts like one who has climbed up a height and then kicks away the ladder behind him .
He carries his men deep into hostile territory before he shows his hand .
39 .
He burns his boats and breaks his cooking - pots ; like a shepherd driving a flock of sheep , he drives his men this way and that , and nothing knows whither he is going .
40 .
To muster his host and bring it into danger :-- this may be termed the business of the general .
41 . The different measures suited to the nine varieties of ground ; the expediency of aggressive or defensive tactics ; and the fundamental laws of human nature : these are things that must most certainly be studied .
42 . When invading hostile territory , the general principle is , that penetrating deeply brings cohesion ; penetrating but a short way means dispersion .
43 .
When you leave your own country behind , and take your army across neighborhood territory , you find yourself on critical ground .
When there are means of communication on all four sides , the ground is one of intersecting highways .
44 .
When you penetrate deeply into a country , it is serious ground .
When you penetrate but a little way , it is facile ground .
45 .
When you have the enemy 's strongholds on your rear , and narrow passes in front , it is hemmed - in ground .
When there is no place of refuge at all , it is desperate ground .
46 .
Therefore , on dispersive ground , I would inspire my men with unity of purpose .
On facile ground , I would see that there is close connection between all parts of my army .
47 .
On contentious ground , I would hurry up my rear .
48 . On open ground , I would keep a vigilant eye on my defenses .
On ground of intersecting highways , I would consolidate my alliances .
49 .
On serious ground , I would try to ensure a continuous stream of supplies .
On difficult ground , I would keep pushing on along the road .
50 .
On hemmed - in ground , I would block any way of retreat .
On desperate ground , I would proclaim to my soldiers the hopelessness of saving their lives .
51 .
For it is the soldier 's disposition to offer an obstinate resistance when surrounded , to fight hard when he cannot help himself , and to obey promptly when he has fallen into danger .
52 .
We cannot enter into alliance with neighboring princes until we are acquainted with their designs .
We are not fit to lead an army on the march unless we are familiar with the face of the country - - its mountains and forests , its pitfalls and precipices , its marshes and swamps .
We shall be unable to turn natural advantages to account unless we make use of local guides .
53 .
To be ignored of any one of the following four or five principles does not befit a warlike prince .
54 .
When a warlike prince attacks a powerful state , his generalship shows itself in preventing the concentration of the enemy 's forces .
He overawes his opponents , and their allies are prevented from joining against him .
55 .
Hence he does not strive to ally himself with all and sundry , nor does he foster the power of other states .
He carries out his own secret designs , keeping his antagonists in awe .
Thus he is able to capture their cities and overthrow their kingdoms .
56 . Bestow rewards without regard to rule , issue orders without regard to previous arrangements ; and you will be able to handle a whole army as though you had to do with but a single man .
57 . Confront your soldiers with the deed itself ; never let them know your design .
When the outlook is bright , bring it before their eyes ; but tell them nothing when the situation is gloomy .
58 .
Place your army in deadly peril , and it will survive ; plunge it into desperate straits , and it will come off in safety .
59 .
For it is precisely when a force has fallen into harm 's way that is capable of striking a blow for victory .
60 .
Success in warfare is gained by carefully accommodating ourselves to the enemy 's purpose .
61 . By persistently hanging on the enemy 's flank , we shall succeed in the long run in killing the commander - in - chief .
62 . This is called ability to accomplish a thing by sheer cunning .
63 .
On the day that you take up your command , block the frontier passes , destroy the official tallies , and stop the passage of all emissaries .
64 .
Be stern in the council - chamber , so that you may control the situation .
65 .
If the enemy leaves a door open , you must rush in .
66 . Forestall your opponent by seizing what he holds dear , and subtly contrive to time his arrival on the ground .
67 .
Walk in the path defined by rule , and accommodate yourself to the enemy until you can fight a decisive battle .
68 .
At first , then , exhibit the coyness of a maiden , until the enemy gives you an opening ; afterwards emulate the rapidity of a running hare , and it will be too late for the enemy to oppose you .
XII .
The Attack by Fire
1. Sun Tzu said :
There are five ways of attacking with fire .
The first is to burn soldiers in their camp ; the second is to burn stores ; the third is to burn baggage trains ; the fourth is to burn arsenals and magazines ; the fifth is to hurl dropping fire amongst the enemy .
2 . In order to carry out an attack , we must have means available .
The material for raising fire should always be kept in readiness .
3 . There is a proper season for making attacks with fire , and special days for starting a conflagration .
4 . The proper season is when the weather is very dry ; the special days are those when the moon is in the constellations of the Sieve , the Wall , the Wing or the Cross - bar ; for these four are all days of rising wind .
5 . In attacking with fire , one should be prepared to meet five possible developments :
6. (1 ) When fire breaks out inside to enemy 's camp , respond at once with an attack from without .
7. ( 2 ) If there is an outbreak of fire , but the enemy 's soldiers remain quiet , bide your time and do not attack .
8. ( 3 ) When the force of the flames has reached its height , follow it up with an attack , if that is practicable ; if not , stay where you are .
9 . ( 4 ) If it is possible to make an assault with fire from without , do not wait for it to break out within , but deliver your attack at a favorable moment .
10 . ( 5 ) When you start a fire , be to windward of it .
Do not attack from the leeward .
11 . A wind that rises in the daytime lasts long , but a night breeze soon falls .
12 . In every army , the five developments connected with fire must be known , the movements of the stars calculated , and a watch kept for the proper days .
13 .
Hence those who use fire as an aid to the attack show intelligence ; those who use water as an aid to the attack gain an accession of strength .
14 .
By means of water , an enemy may be intercepted , but not robbed of all his belongings .
15 . Unhappy is the fate of one who tries to win his battles and succeed in his attacks without cultivating the spirit of enterprise ; for the result is waste of time and general stagnation .
16 . Hence the saying :
The enlightened ruler lays his plans well ahead ; the good general cultivates his resources .
17 .
Move not unless you see an advantage ; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained ; fight not unless the position is critical .
18 . No ruler should put troops into the field merely to gratify his own spleen ; no general should fight a battle simply out of pique .
19 .
If it is to your advantage , make a forward move ; if not , stay where you are .
20 .
Anger may in time change to gladness ; vexation may be succeeded by content .
21 . But a kingdom that has once been destroyed can never come again into being ; nor can the dead ever be brought back to life .
22 . Hence the enlightened ruler is heedful , and the good general full of caution .
This is the way to keep a country at peace and an army intact .
XIII .
The Use of Spies
1. Sun Tzu said : Raising a host of a hundred thousand men and marching them great distances entails heavy loss on the people and a drain on the resources of the State .
The daily expenditure will amount to a thousand ounces of silver .
There will be commotion at home and abroad , and men will drop down exhausted on the highways .
As many as seven hundred thousand families will be impeded in their labor .
2. Hostile armies may face each other for years , striving for the victory which is decided in a single day .
This being so , to remain in ignorance of the enemy 's condition simply because one grudges the outlay of a hundred ounces of silver in honors and emoluments , is the height of inhumanity .
3 . One who acts thus is no leader of men , no present help to his sovereign , no master of victory .
4 . Thus , what enables the wise sovereign and the good general to strike and conquer , and achieve things beyond the reach of ordinary men , is foreknowledge .
5 . Now this foreknowledge cannot be elicited from spirits ; it cannot be obtained inductively from experience , nor by any deductive calculation .
6. Knowledge of the enemy 's dispositions can only be obtained from other men .
7 . Hence the use of spies , of whom there are five classes : ( 1 ) Local spies ; ( 2 ) inward spies ; ( 3 ) converted spies ; ( 4 ) doomed spies ; ( 5 ) surviving spies .
8 . When these five kinds of spy are all at work , none can discover the secret system .
This is called " divine manipulation of the threads . "
It is the sovereign 's most precious faculty .
9 . Having local spies means employing the services of the inhabitants of a district .
10 .
Having inward spies , making use of officials of the enemy .
11 . Having converted spies , getting hold of the enemy 's spies and using them for our own purposes .
12 . Having doomed spies , doing certain things openly for purposes of deception , and allowing our spies to know of them and report them to the enemy .
13 . Surviving spies , finally , are those who bring back news from the enemy 's camp .
14 .
Hence it is that which none in the whole army are more intimate relations to be maintained than with spies .
None should be more liberally rewarded .
In no other business should greater secrecy be preserved .
15 . Spies cannot be usefully employed without a certain intuitive sagacity .
16 .
They cannot be properly managed without benevolence and straightforwardness .
17 .
Without subtle ingenuity of mind , one cannot make certain of the truth of their reports .
18 . Be subtle ! be subtle !
and use your spies for every kind of business .
19 .
If a secret piece of news is divulged by a spy before the time is ripe , he must be put to death together with the man to whom the secret was told .
20 .
Whether the object be to crush an army , to storm a city , or to assassinate an individual , it is always necessary to begin by finding out the names of the attendants , the aides - de- camp , and door - keepers and sentries of the general in command .
Our spies must be commissioned to ascertain these .
21 . The enemy 's spies who have come to spy on us must be sought out , tempted with bribes , led away and comfortably housed .
Thus they will become converted spies and available for our service .
22 . It is through the information brought by the converted spy that we are able to acquire and employ local and inward spies .
23 .
It is owing to his information , again , that we can cause the doomed spy to carry false tidings to the enemy .
24 . Lastly , it is by his information that the surviving spy can be used on appointed occasions .
25 .
The end and aim of spying in all its five varieties is knowledge of the enemy ; and this knowledge can only be derived , in the first instance , from the converted spy .
Hence it is essential that the converted spy be treated with the utmost liberality .
26 . Of old , the rise of the Yin dynasty was due to I Chih who had served under the Hsia .
Likewise , the rise of the Chou dynasty was due to Lu Ya who had served under the Yin .
27 .
Hence it is only the enlightened ruler and the wise general who will use the highest intelligence of the army for purposes of spying and thereby they achieve great results .
Spies are a most important element in water , because on them depends an army 's ability to move .
THE END
I was walking across a bridge one day , and I saw a man standing on the edge , about to jump off .
So I ran over and said ' Stop ! do n't do it !'
' Why should n't I ? ' he said .
I said , ' Well , there 's so much to live for !'
He said , ' Like what ?'
I said , ' Well ... are you religious or atheist ?'
He said , ' Religious . '
I said , ' Me too !
Are you Christian or Buddhist ?'
He said , ' Christian . '
I said , ' Me too !
Are you Catholic or Protestant ?'
He said , ' Protestant . '
I said , ' Me too !
Are you Episcopalian or Baptist ?'
He said , ' Baptist ! '
I said , ' Wow !
Me too !
Are you Baptist Church of God or Baptist Church of the Lord ? '
He said , ' Baptist Church of God ! '
I said , ' Me too !
Are you original Baptist Church of God , or are you reformed Baptist Church of God ? '
He said , ' Reformed Baptist Church of God ! '
I said , ' Me too !
Are you Reformed Baptist Church of God , Reformation of 1879 , or Reformed Baptist Church of God , Reformation of 1915 ?'
He said , ' Reformed Baptist Church of God , Reformation of 1915 !'
I said , ' Die , heretic scum , ' and pushed him off .
I found this 80's era Emo Philips bit in a discussion forum .
It was funny then , it 's funny now and provided mankind does n't become enslaved by giant ants this will still be funny in 1000 years .
Enjoy !
Philips released the N1500 in 1972 .
This video cassette recorder was fairly large and used half - inch tapes , mounted on co-axial reels .
Maximum recording time was a respectable 60 minutes .
Its relatively high price tag ( $ 1,249.52 ) ultimately led to its demise — replaced by the N1502 in 1975 , which featured a digital timer .
Click here for more pictures .
[ sources 1 | 2 | 3 ]
Philips released the N1500 in 1972 .
This video cassette recorder was fairly large and used half - inch tapes , mounted on co-axial reels .
Maximum recording time was a respectable 60 minutes .
Its relatively high price tag ( $ 1,249.52 ) ultimately led to its demise — replaced by the N1502 in 1975 , which featured a digital timer .
Click here for more pictures .
You ’ve got to have a lot of nerve to introduce an electronic book reader in 2007 .
Sure , the idea has appeal : an e-reader lets you carry hundreds of books , search or jump to any spot in the text and bump up the type size when your eyes get tired .
But the counterarguments are equally persuasive .
Printed books are dirt cheap , never run out of power and survive drops , spills and being run over .
And their file format will still be readable 200 years from now .
So e-book readers keep on coming and keep on flopping : the Rocket eBook Reader .
Gemstar .
Everybook .
SoftBook .
Librius Millennium Reader .
The Sony Reader is in stores even now , priced at $ 350 and making literally dozens of sales .
Then on Monday , Amazon introduced its own e-book reader , called the Kindle .
It arrives at $ 400  reading material sold separately .
DOHA ( Reuters ) - Gulf Arab finance ministers will discuss a plan to speed up a delayed monetary union project before their rulers meet on Monday , the secretary general of Gulf Cooperation Council economic bloc said on Sunday .
The finance ministers will prepare the agenda for the summit , which is under intense market scrutiny after the United Arab Emirates , the bloc ’s second largest economy , called for an end to region ’s currency pegs to the tumbling dollar .
“ The ministers will discuss the GCC single currency , ” Abdul - Rahman al - Attiyah told Reuters on the sidelines of the meeting in Qatar ’s capital Doha .
Asked whether there was any plan to speed up the project , he said : “ Yes . ”
The plan would be designed to meet the 2010 deadline for monetary union , he said .
The minister would also discuss a customs union , monetary union and creating a common market in the world ’s biggest oil exporting region , Attiyah said .
He declined to comment on whether dollar weakness and market speculation about the demise of the region ’s dollar pegs were on the agenda .
There ’s little doubt that pretty much everyone in America who ’s paying attention realizes that Stephen Colbert ’s recently announced run for the White House is an elaborate joke .
A well - played , funny , timely joke that is already pointing out the absurdity of the political system , but , still , a joke .
Well , everyone that is except perhaps the people at the Federal Election Commission :
Federal law bars corporations from contributing to candidates , either through donations or in - kind contributions such as free use of goods or services .
Media organizations are permitted to feature presidential candidates in covering campaigns .
But no precedent exists for a television network promoting and fostering a candidacy of one of its own talk - show hosts , said Lawrence M. Noble , a former general counsel for the Federal Election Commission .
And comedian Pat Paulsen ’s 1968 candidacy predated current campaign finance regulations .
“ The real problem comes in the fact that he actually has his own show , talking about his campaign , paid for by a network , ” Noble said .
“ These are the kind of things on slow days you ’d debate until the late afternoon at the FEC , but there are serious questions that come up .
In theory , he could end up having some campaign finance problems . ”
While he has talked about his candidacy publicly only in character — as the combative faux - talk - show host who favors “ truthiness ” on “ The Colbert Report ” — Colbert is taking formal steps that are consistent with an actual presidential candidacy .
He has begun collecting signatures to get himself placed on both the Democratic and Republican presidential primary ballots in South Carolina .
And while he has said he ’s in the race to run , not to win , he has talked about trying to win delegates to the Democratic National Convention .
“ I think a lot of people are asking whether — they say , ‘ Is this , is this real , ’ you know ? ” Colbert said Sunday on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press . ”
“ And to which I would say to everybody , this is not a dream , OK ?
You ’re not going to wake up from this , OK ?
I ’m far realer than Sam Brownback , let me put it that way . ” (…)
The FEC could consider Colbert ’s entire campaign satire , which may allow corporate backing under the exemption that allows media organizations to report and comment on candidates as they choose .
But Colbert ’s continued candidacy makes it more likely that he ’ll actually have an impact on the election — which makes him difficult to ignore , Noble said .
“ Everybody is very cautious , not wanting to take this too seriously , or to say that campaign finance laws are going to stop satire , or what is clearly a joke , ” he said .
“ But he ’s trying to get on the ballot , and he could in fact affect the election . ”
If the FEC actually does start regulating Colbert ’s campaign , then it would point out even further the absurdity of campaign finance laws .
It ’s already been well - established that the laws themselves do nothing to limit actual campaign fundraising — the first Presidential election after McCain - Feingold passed was , by all accounts , the most expensive in American history and the 2008 election looks to surpass it easily .
The limits themselves serve no purpose other than to encourage people to find ways to circumvent them , such as making donations in the name of their children in order to get around the limit on individual contributions .
And every time a loophole is closed another one is found .
The solution is n’t more government regulation of campaign donations .
Instead , we need to eliminate those requirements completely except for one — the requirement that all candidates for Federal office make complete disclosure of all donations received .
That way , we will all know where everyone ’s money comes from and can judge the candidates accordingly .
Putting more power in the hands of the regulators just creates a system that is more friendly to incumbents and not at all helpful to voters .
H/T : James Joyner
One of the steps used by the attacker who compromised Light Blue Touchpaper a few weeks ago was to create an account ( which he promoted to administrator ; more on that in a future post ) .
I quickly disabled the account , but while doing forensics , I thought it would be interesting to find out the account password .
WordPress stores raw MD5 hashes in the user database ( despite my recommendation to use salting ) .
As with any respectable hash function , it is believed to be computationally infeasible to discover the input of MD5 from an output .
Instead , someone would have to try out all possible inputs until the correct output is discovered .
So , I wrote a trivial Python script which hashed all dictionary words , but that did n’t find the target ( I also tried adding numbers to the end ) .
Then , I switched to a Russian dictionary ( because the comments in the shell code installed were in Russian ) but that did n’t work either .
I could have found or written a better password cracker , which varies the case of letters , and does common substitutions ( e.g. o → 0 , a → 4 ) but that would have taken more time than I wanted to spend .
I could also improve efficiency with a rainbow table , but this needs a large database which I did n’t have .
Instead , I asked Google .
I found , for example , a genealogy page listing people with the surname “ Anthony ” , and an advert for a house , signing off “ Please Call for showing .
Thank you , Anthony ” .
And indeed , the MD5 hash of “ Anthony ” was the database entry for the attacker .
I had discovered his password .
In both the webpages , the target hash was in a URL .
This makes a lot of sense — I ’ve even written code which does the same .
When I needed to store a file , indexed by a key , a simple option is to make the filename the key ’s MD5 hash .
This avoids the need to escape any potentially dangerous user input and is very resistant to accidental collisions .
If there are too many entries to store in a single directory , by creating directories for each prefix , there will be an even distribution of files .
MD5 is quite fast , and while it ’s unlikely to be the best option in all cases , it is an easy solution which works pretty well .
Because of this technique , Google is acting as a hash pre-image finder , and more importantly finding hashes of things that people have hashed before .
Google is doing what it does best — storing large databases and searching them .
I doubt , however , that they envisaged this use though . 🙂
Ultraportable , flash storage , easy to use and cheap .
Specs of the Asus Eee PC are as follows : Size is OK for taking with you everywhere , screen is the 7 - inch 800 x 480 - pixel LCD .
Also there are features like an SD card slot , 2 USB ports , Ethernet , mic and headphone jack .
Equipped with software Firefox web browser , instant messaging softwares and Skype .
But most interesting fact is that it get widely popular .
Some sources say that in places such as Taiwan , US and Hong Kong , Asus Eee PC is sold out as soon as it appears on the market .
Also people say that It is the number one gadget on most wish list of Americans this Christmas .
" In the two weeks since it´s launch in the US , the Eee PC has already sold ten thousand sets , " said Director of ASUS Global Brand Center , Sunny Han .
Sales projection for this year is 350,000 Asus Eee PC units is likely to be met .
In the next year 3 to 5 million Eee PCs will be sold .
Labels : ASUS , Eee , Eee PC , mobile , mobile PC , portable , UMPC
By Leo Babauta
Sometimes , getting rid of all the clutter in your home can be a daunting task , especially if you ’ve let the stuff pile up over the years .
Who wants to tackle a mountain of junk ?
What I do when faced with an overwhelming task is … read about it .
Getting more information helps me conquer any task , and getting inspiration from experts and regular people who ’ve accomplished the task always helps motivate me .
So today , prompted by a reader email , I ’m going to share some of the very best books and websites for inspiration and information on decluttering your home .
I hope you enjoy them !
Reader George recently asked :
I have a chronic problem with clutter in my house and life .
I would like to transform my relationship with it .
I am slowing trying to put my house back in order .
I am in need of some inspiration and support .
Can you recommend a good site or book ?
That ’s an excellent question !
I often use books and website to inspire myself to declutter .
Here ’s a list of my 10 favorites :
1. Simplify Your Life .
My favorite all - time author on simplicity is Elaine St. James .
Actually , all of her books on simplifying are good .
Also check out Living the Simple Life .
See my review on these two books here .
2. Unclutterer.com .
I ’m a big fan of this blog , which is written by a small group of decluttering fanatics like me .
If you do n’t read them regularly , look through their archives … or better yet , subscribe !
3. Flylady.net .
One of the best sites on the Internet for those who want to take control of their clutter , Flylady inspired me before I started Zen Habits .
A couple of my favorites : How to Declutter and Declutter 15 Minutes a Day .
Do n’t let the look of the site or the focus on stay - at - home parents fool you … there ’s great stuff here for anyone looking to declutter or create routines .
4. 30 Days to a Simpler Life .
A book by Connie Cox and Cris Evatt , it takes various ways to simplify your life , including decluttering , and puts them into a 30 - day program .
5. Your Life .
Organized .
An excellent blog by Monica Ricci , who is a professional organizer .
You ca n’t get better than this professional .
You might also be interested in her book , Organize Your Office In No Time .
6. Real Simple : The Organized Home .
Real Simple is one of my favorite magazines .
I do n’t subscribe , but often read the website , RealSimple.com .
This book ( “ The Organized Home “ ) takes a lot of their best advice on home organizing , including decluttering , and puts it into one volume .
7. Flickr groups .
I do n’t do it a lot , but it can be very inspiring to look at other people ’s photos of clutter and simplicity .
There are a whole bunch of groups that talk about clutter , but here are a couple to start with : My Cluttered Desk and Unclutterer Workspaces .
8. Oprah .
I ’m not a regular Oprah watcher , but she did an excellent show about conquering clutter , and this page has useful video and articles featuring clutter expert Peter Walsh .
9 . Other articles .
There are plenty of good articles on clutter online .
Start with these : Declutter 101 : Where Do I Start ? , How to Declutter Your Life , and Organizing 101 : Resolve to declutter .
10 . Zen Habits .
OK , it ’s shamelessly self - promotional to put myself on my own Top 10 list , but I thought I ’d include some decluttering articles for those who have n’t looked through the archives .
Start with these : How to Declutter , A Guide to Creating a Minimalist Home , Develop Clean House Habits , Keeping a Stress - Free , Clean House , Edit Your Rooms , Edit Your Closets & Drawers , 15 Great Decluttering Tips .
When Sallie Krawcheck ( now head of wealth management at Citigroup ) was an equity analyst covering Wall Street at Sanford Bernstein , she remarked , “ It ’s better to be an employee of an investment bank than a shareholder . ”
This year ’s results certainly bear out her observation .
From Bloomberg :
Shareholders in the securities industry are having their worst year since 2002 , losing $ 74 billion of their equity .
That wo n’t prevent Wall Street from paying record bonuses , totaling almost $ 38 billion .
That money , split among about 186,000 workers at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Morgan Stanley , Merrill Lynch & Co. , Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. and Bear Stearns Cos. , equates to an average of $ 201,500 per person , according to data compiled by Bloomberg .
The five biggest U.S. securities firms paid $ 36 billion to employees last year …..
Goldman ’s record earnings and gains at Morgan Stanley and Lehman mean all the New York - based firms will be forced to pay more in a year when all but Goldman lost more than 20 percent of their market value , said Charles Geisst , finance professor at Manhattan College in Riverdale , New York .
C’mon , forced ?.
The reason to match the pay of other firms is to prevent employees from defecting to them .
Do you really think Goldman , Lehman , and Morgan are going to be poaching staff in a contracting market ?
UBS recognized that was n’t likely to happen when it imposed what is considered to be a low cap on cash compensation ( $ 750,000 ) .
Nevertheless , arguing that pay is market based seems to silence critics , even when the market is n’t trading .
But it is simply a symptom of what in finance is called the agency problem , which means that the inmates are running the asylum .
Shareholders are unable to make much headway against outsized CEO pay .
They are similarly are unlikely to be able to influence excessive Wall Street bonuses .
“ I walked away from it feeling I got a chance to make my points , ” Mr. Davis said .
The delegation included Representatives Mark Kirk of Illinois , another leader of the moderate coalition ; Jim Gerlach of Pennsylvania ; James T. Walsh of New York ; and Jo Ann Emerson of Missouri .
Mr. Kirk , Mr. Walsh and Ms. Emerson declined to discuss the meeting .
White House officials said Mr. Bush welcomed the observations of the lawmakers .
“ The president encouraged the members to give unvarnished opinions and views , ” said Dana Perino , a White House spokeswoman .
She also noted a “ persistent push ” by the administration in recent days to put new pressure on the Iraqi government via a secure video conference by Mr. Bush with Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki and the surprise visit to Iraq by Vice President Dick Cheney .
The White House on Wednesday promised a veto of the emerging House bill , which would essentially provide financing for combat operations through midsummer , but require the president to provide a series of reports on the state of the Iraqi military and the progress of the government in achieving political unity .
Congress would then vote a second time in late July on releasing the rest of the money sought by the administration , or restricting its use to redeployment and more limited operations in Iraq .
Tony Snow , the White House spokesman , said White House officials , led by Chief of Staff Joshua B. Bolten , would try to reach a compromise with Congress .
Mr. Bolten met Wednesday with Senate leaders .
While the Pentagon awaits the money , Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates told a Senate committee on Wednesday that the military continued to shift funds , terminate contracts and slow spending so troops in Iraq and Afghanistan did not run out of money .
The cost - cutting measures could sustain the troops until July , he said , “ if we pulled out all the stops . ”
Mr. Gates , who also attended the White House meeting on Tuesday , told lawmakers that the Pentagon would evaluate the violence in Iraq and the progress of the administration ’s troop buildup plan by early September to determine the next phase of the military strategy .
“ I think if we see some very positive progress and it looks like things are headed in the right direction , ” Mr. Gates said , “ then that ’s the point at which I think we can begin to consider reducing some of these forces . ”
Apple has released the source code to Darwin 9 , the underlying open source operating system ofMac OS X 10.5 Leopard .
“ Darwin is the open source UNIX - based foundation of Mac OS X. Darwin integrates a number of technologies , including the Mach 3.0 microkernel , operating system services based on FreeBSD 5 UNIX , high - performance TCP / IP networking , and support for multiple integrated file systems .
Because the design of Darwin is highly modular , you can dynamically add device drivers , networking extensions , and new file systems . ”
Video For Linux 1.0 VS Video For Linux 2.0
> No , I still have n't tried Ekiga ( I 'm going to test it when I have the > time ) , but I still need to have the webcam working with all these other > applications .
> >
Do you mean that all these applications use the v4l or v4l2 interface > incorrectly ? > >
Do you have plans to have v4l1 compatibility in the driver ? > >
I still do n't know what ioctls should be in a v4l2 driver with v4l1 > compatibility using v4l_compat_translate_ioctl( ) >
Do you know where I can find that list ? > >
Do you know of a good webcam USB driver that has good v4l1 compatibility > using v4l_compat_translate_ioctl( ) ? > I saw http://www.saillard.org/linux/pwc/ but it has both v4l1 and v4l2 > APIs .
I do n't see the point in adding V4L1 support as its due to be removed from the kernel before too long ( ca n't remember the exact proposed kernel release but it may be 2.6.18 ) .
Peter
But Linux is getting better and better as desktop OS !
A Stable API for binary drivers
What about closed source vendor provided drivers ?
Linux is more stable than Windows because the device drivers are more stable !
with a stable binary API vendors will produce closed source drivers for Linux that will crash the system every five minutes .
Yesterday I bought a Microsoft webcam : it 's not an exception , like most of the stuff from Microsoft I had ( very little , fortunately ) something to do with in my life it's a low quality product : all eye candy and little substance .
However it has a good point , that is one of the main reasons I bought it : the Lifecam NX6000 is a device compatible with thestandard .
In brief USB is not just a low level bus , it also defines the way some class of devices communicate with the operating system : this is the reason why we do n't need to install specific mouse drivers anymore and why most USB microphones will work out of the box .
USB defines a device class for video devices , that is the UVC ( USB Video Class ) that new webcams are starting to implement , so my webcam can work just using the genericLinux driver without to require a device - specific driver , exactly like a mouse or an USB microphone .
Actually thediver works well with my camera , but this driver supportsthe new video API of Linux , v4l2 ( Video For Linux 2 ) : this means that the majority of the software currently available can't work with my driver that dropped the support for v4l version 1 .
This is not the only driver without support for v4l1 ( alias for a lot of applications people are currently using ) .
There was this fantastic idea that everything was going to be converted in short time , applications can be patched after all , and even that the support for v4l1 itself was going to be completely dropped from the kernel soon .
I 'm very impressed .
We used the old v4l1 API for years and now there is the idea that this API can be dropped in short time without problems , that new drivers are not required to support it , and that there is no reason to build acompatibility layer ( there is one that can't work since the output image format is not one of the standard v4l1 formats but is MJPG instead ) .
Of course the v4l1 supportsince it was like science fiction .
The current situation basically is that if you get the wrong webcam with drivers developed by the wrong people , you have a mostly useless toy you can use just with few cam viewers using the 2.0 API and some softwares already compatible with the new API like recent versions of Egika and a few of others . , but it means to do n't have any kind of vision .
If you develop a kernel you should ask yourself " What I 'm doing for people using this system every day " before to ask " what is the best API for video devices " .
There is an incredibly big failure in the Linux Kernel culture to create software that is easy to use for the people that need to use it , all is about technical stuff but what people need is supported , stable systems , where software of two years ago will continue to work without patches even if you have a modern webcam .
True , but are you sure it is ?
If you take a FreeBSD install with KDE , Openoffice , Firefox , ... , it 's going to be a good desktop experience exactly like a similar Linux install : most of the progresses of " Linux " on desktop are not about the kernel , they are about what is running on top of it .
Still I think the Linux kernel is a better alternative than * BSD or other Unix - like open source operating systems , for two reasons : , and Because Linux took more momentum something like ten years ago it started to have more developers , more money invested , more drivers , more forums , more users , more support .
It is strange but continuously changing the kernel APIs ( how many times a module implementing drivers for the XYZ device does not compile after few months because something changed in the API ? ) and a non existentfor modules , is going in the opposite direction making support for devices harder .
Ok let 's try to be interested in what happens to users instead to think just as engineering : with a stable binary API what you have is the following scenario .
The user bought a new device needing a device driver in order to work , and like it happens a lot of times this driver is not already included in the kernel , or the included driver is too old to support this new USB product / vendor ID .
Without a stable API the user needs to find the source code of the kernel , download , compile ( assuming it will build ) , insert the module .
With a stable API the user can just download the driver for Linux 2.6 and insert it : done .
On the other side the driver developer is very motivated working on the driver , all the work is invested in supporting the device better , not in upgrading and creating new tar.gz just because the API ( I used to develop a device driver for an USB camera and recently I tried to take a wifi driver I modified to support theup to date and it was a pain both the times for this reason ) .
Note that I 'm not talking about closed source drivers for now .
Even if we take all GPLed a stable binary driver is already a great thing from the point of view of the user .
One of the arguments against a stable binary driver is the following :
Is it true that Windows is instable because of drivers ?
After 9 years of using only Linux every day one month ago I started using Windows XP for a few hours every day : my girlfriend lives in Florence ( north Italy ) while I 'm currently in Catania ( south Italy ) : MSN Live Messenger is what she used in order to stay in touch with other people , and I had a Windows XP in dual boot because it was installed when I purchased this laptop and I took some space to take it in the disk ( I 'm a web developer and from time to time I test applications in a real Windows environment ) .
Result : a lot of the things I took for granted about Windows of 9 years ago are no longer true .
Windows XP hardly crashes in a way that is up to the device drivers it is running : actually it mostly does not crash at all and when something goes wrong it appears to be much more related to the operating system .
I do n't thing vendor device drivers are less robust than open source drivers that sometimes are written in spare time with little specification and testing .
For example my wifi card with wpa_supplicant hangs from time to time , and , with Windows it works perfectly .
Another wifi usb dongle I use in Windows works very well supporting ad - hoc networks , while with Linux it works not very well and ad - hoc networks are not supported at all , and the list of devices working well with Linux and not working well with Windows is of course very big .
Add to this that most drivers are throw away software : a driver for a webcam will be useful for few years , the vendorto develop it if it want to sell the device , but is n't it a waste of time that Linux kernel developers will spend their time to write code that in few years will be nearly useless ?
closed source binary drivers will not stop everybody from producing GPL drivers : for important parts of the system like for example the USB subsystem or the IDE controller , and even for small devices like webcams where the vendor driver sucks probably a GPL driver will be developed like it happens today .
So I 'm starting to belive that the Linux Kernel is not going in the right direction from the point of view of the end user , and I guess the only thing I can do for now is to try to spread this idea trying to start some kind of conversation among interested people .
Newforms , part 3
Now that I ’ve got the user - profiles application out in the wild , let ’s take a look at one last important feature of Django ’s newforms library : the ability to dynamically generate forms “ on the fly ” from model classes , via the helper functions form_for_model and form_for_instance .
And , just as importantly , let ’s look at why they should n’t always be the first thing you reach for when you need to build a form .
How model - generated forms work
We ’ve already taken a look at how to introspect Django models using Django ’s own internal API s , and if you ’ve been following along with my posts this month you ’re probably starting to see how the underlying pieces of the model APIs serve all sorts of useful purposes within Django ( and can do the same in your own applications ) .
This stuff is literally everywhere once you start looking for it , and the form_for_model and form_for_instance helpers are no exception .
As their names imply , form_for_model and form_for_instance are functions which take either a model class , or an instance of a model class , and return a newforms form class appropriate for accepting and validating data for that class or instance ( in the case of form_for_instance , the current value of each field on the model is supplied as initial data for the form fields ) .
So , for example , if you have a blog application with an Entry model , you can get a form for creating entries by doing something like this :
from blog.
models import Entry from django.newforms import form_for_model blog_form = form_for_model ( Entry )
Similarly , you could retrieve an Entry from your database and pass it to form_for_instance to get a form class suitable for editing that entry .
The exact arguments and usage are covered in the official newforms documentation , but there are at least three things you ’ll want to make sure you know about :
Both form_for_model and form_for_instance accept a keyword argument , fields , which should be a list of field names on the model ; the resulting form class will only contain form fields for those particular model fields .
The form classes they generate — and , in fact , all newforms form classes — have an attribute base_fields , which is a dictionary whose keys are the names of the fields specified on the form class and whose values are the actual Field objects .
Both form_for_model and form_for_instance accept a keyword argument , formfield_callback , which lets you pass a function ; for each field on the model , this function will be called and passed the model field as an argument , and whatever it returns will be used as the form field for that model field .
The usefulness of the fields argument is pretty obvious ; if you know the specific set of fields you want to generate ( or can retrieve their names by doing introspection on the model ) , you can use fields to get only the form fields you want and no others .
The utility of base_fields is somewhat trickier .
the primary real - world use case so far is when there are one or two specific fields you want to leave out , and you do n’t feel like specifying a long list in the fields argument ; instead , simply delete the field from base_fields before using the form .
For example , django - profiles uses this when falling back to a default form ; the form generated by form_for_model or form_for_instance will include the foreign key to the User model ( in a field named user ) , so it just gets removed ( as seen here , for example , in the profile - creation view ) :
if form_class is None : form_class = form_for_model ( profile_model ) del form_class .
base_fields [ ' user ' ]
The form class itself is generated by introspecting the model , or the model object , and building up a list of the model ’s fields .
Each model field class “ knows ” what the default form field should be to represent it , and has a method called formfield ( ) which will return that form field .
Building up the list of form fields , then , is fairly easy and generally looks like this :
opts = model_class . _meta form_fields = [ ] for f in opts .
fields + opts .
many_to_many : form_fields .
append ( ( f . name , f . formfield ( ) ) )
The fields and many_to_many attributes of the model ’s _meta , between them , represent all the actual database - level fields on the model , so combining them into one list and looping through like this results in form_fields being a list of tuples , where each tuple contains a field name and an appropriate form field .
The default value of the formfield_callback argument to form_for_model is simply
lambda f : f . formfield ()
which means that it will get form fields corresponding to the default field types returned by the fields on the model .
In form_for_instance a second model field method — value_from_object ( ) — is used to get the initial value for the form field .
This method simply takes a model object as argument , and returns the current value of that model field on that model object , which usually is as simple as calling getattr ( model_obj , field_name ) , but for some fields can be more complex .
While this is n’t actually how form_for_instance does it , you can use this in your own code to build up a dictionary of field names and values from a model instance :
opts = model_obj .
_meta current_data = {} for f in opts .
fields + opts .
many_to_many : current_data [ f . name ] = f . value_from_object ( model_obj )
In django - profiles , this is used to build up the dictionary of initial data for profile editing regardless of whether form_for_instance is being used to create a form .
Each form class generated by form_for_model or form_for_instance also has an automatically - generated save ( ) method which takes care of saving the model object ; an explanation of how this works ( and an important note about creating objects which need to have many - to - many relationships set up , as well as a way to get the model object from the form without saving it ) is in the official documentation .
When generating forms is a good idea , and when it ’s not
The primary use case for form_for_model and form_for_instance is when you do n’t know in advance the model you ’ll be working with ( and so ca n’t define a form class ahead of time to suit it ) .
In that respect , these helpers are a lot like the functions in Django ’s model - loading API ; they provide a generic way to deal with models even when you do n’t know which models until runtime .
They ’re also useful when you just want a default form class to work with a specific model , or a form for a specific set of fields on that model ; having a shortcut to get a form class in that case saves time and avoids needless duplication of effort ( especially when you just want a form with all the same fields as the model ) .
And that ’s great , and it ’s incredibly helpful to have these shortcuts available .
The problem is that shortcuts can be too tempting sometimes .
At this point I ’ve lost count of the number of times I ’ve seen people spend hours , or even days , trying to hack up the form classes generated by form_for_model and form_for_instance in order to generate highly - customized forms , when writing a form class by hand to suit their specific needs would have taken maybe ten minutes .
Usually it starts out innocently : you need a form to work with some model , and form_for_model or form_for_instance looks attractive because you ’ll “ just ” need to hack in one or two quick customizations to the resulting form class .
But generally the customizations are n’t really as easy as they seem , and rather than step back and write a custom form class to handle it , a lot of people determinedly keep hacking to try to get the result they want .
What this ends up meaning is that , aside from the two cases above — generating forms from a model class that ’s not known in advance , or generating a default form or one with very little customization — form_for_model and form_for_instance often lead to more work than just writing a custom form class to suit your specific situation .
Let me say that again because it ’s very important : using the shortcuts outside of their primary use cases is often more work than writing a custom form .
The newforms library goes to great lengths to make custom forms dead simple to write , and so any time you ’re in a situation where you ’d have to stop and think for a bit to figure out how to use form_for_model or form_for_instance , you ’ve probably already spent more time thinking than you would have writing a custom form .
Building a ( fast ) Wikipedia offline reader
Changelog :
August 13 , 2007 : Slashdotted !
August 22 , 2007 : Fixed bugs with " extreme " links in some wiki text
September 9 , 2007 : Introduced extra script to install the templates used by a page ( improves rendering of some pages )
September 17 , 2007 : It appears that woc.fslab.de ( the site offering the standalone wiki renderer ) is down .
Until they come back up , you can download the latest snapshot of the renderer here .
October 21 , 2007 : I found an article whose wiki text caused the woc.fslab.de parser to abort - modified show .pl to use the plain wiki content in that case .
March 31 , 2008 : Robin Paulson notified me that the same process can be used to install Wiktionary offline !
April 10 , 2009 : Ivan Reyes found out why some wiki texts caused the woc.fslab.de parser to fail , mediawiki_sa.tar.7z updated .
Thanks ,
Ivan !
September 9 , 2009 : Meng WANG made some modifications for searching in the Chinese ( and probably other non-English ) wikipedias .
September 19 , 2009 : James Somers added caching of LaTEX - made images .
His patch is available here .
November 6 , 2009 : The woc.fslab.de repository is apparently no longer accessible ...
I also found out that PHP now has " namespace " as a keyword , and that the old fslab .de tarball has PHP code that uses a " class Namespace " .
I therefore patched it to make it work with today 's PHP interpreters ( the updated woc.fslab.de tarball is here ) .
Executive summary
Very fast searching
Keyword ( actually , title words ) based searching
Search produces multiple possible articles : you can choose amongst them
LaTEX based rendering for Mathematics ( thanks to the guys at woc.fslab.de )
Harddisk space is minimal : the original . bz2 file ( split in pieces ) plus the index built through Xapian
Orders of magnitude faster to install ( a matter of hours ) compared to loading the " dump " into MySQL
What this is and why I built it
In two days ... ( August 2007 ) It 's strong points :
Here 's a screenshot : Wikipedia needs no introductions : it is one of the best - if not the best - encyclopedias , and it 's freely available for everyone .
Everyone can be a relative term , however ...
It implies availability of an Internet connection .
This is not always the case ; for example , many people would love to have Wikipedia on their laptop , since this would allow them to instantly check for things they want regardless of their location ( business trips , hotels , firewalled meeting rooms , etc ) .
Others simply do n't have an Internet connection - or they do n't want to dial up one every time they need to look something up .
Up to now , installing a local copy of Wikipedia is not for the faint of heart : it requires a LAMP or WAMP installation ( Linux / Windows , Apache , MySQL , php ) , and it also requires a tedious - and VERY LENGTHY procedure that transforms the " pages / articles " Wikipedia dump file into data of a MySQL database .
When I say * lengthy * , I mean it : last time I did this , it took my Pentium4 3GHz machine more than a day to import Wikipedia 's XML dump into MySQL.
36 hours , to be precise .
The result of the import process was also not exactly what I wanted : I could search for an article , if I knew it 's exact name ; but I could n't use parts of the name to search ; if you do n't use the exact title , you get nothing .
To allow these " free - style " searches to work , one must create the search tables - which I 'm told , takes days to build .
DAYS !
Would n't it be perfect , if we could use the wikipedia " dump " data JUST as they arrive after the download ?
Without creating a much larger ( space - wise ) MySQL database ?
And also be able to search for parts of title names and get back lists of titles with " similarity percentages " ?
Follow me ...
Identifying the tools
First , let 's try to keep this as simple as possible .
We 'll try to avoid using large , complex tools .
If possible , we 'll do it using only ready made tools and scripting languages ( Perl , Python , PHP ) .
If we need something that runs fast , we 'll use C/C ++.
What do we need to pull this through ?
The " pages / articles " dump file
Right now ( August , 2007 ) the file is a 2.9GB download , always available from here .
I set this to download overnight at my work , using wget and rate - limiting it to 80 KB / sec - to keep my sysadmin at ease .
It downloaded in 10 hours - I proceeded to burn it to a DVD and brought it back home .
Right now ( August , 2007 ) the file is a 2.9GB download , always available from here .
I set this to download overnight at my work , using wget and rate - limiting it to 80 KB / sec - to keep my sysadmin at ease .
It downloaded in 10 hours - I proceeded to burn it to a DVD and brought it back home .
Parsing the dump
This file is just a big XML file - parsing it , through any SAX parser is child 's play .
We basically only care about two elements , title and text :
This command for example ... bash $ bzcat enwiki-20070802 - pages-articles.xml.bz2 | head - 10000 | \ grep - A 100 ' < title > Anarch ' | less ... shows a piece of the data we need to parse : < title > Anarchism </ title > < id>12</id> < revision > < id>149030244</id > < timestamp>2007-08-03T23:24:05Z</timestamp > < contributor > < username > Jacob Haller </username > < id>164072</id > </ contributor > < comment >/*
Four monopolies */</comment > < text xml:space= " preserve " >{{ dablink | " Anarchist " redirects here .
For the comic book character , see [ [ Anarchist ( comics ) ] ] .
}} {{toolong}} {{disputed}} {{Anarchism}} '' ' Anarchism ' '' is a [ [ political philosophy ] ] or group of philosophies
We basically need to work with the < title > and the < text > contents ; that 's all the viewer will need : search using the title ( and parts of it ) , and watch the data of the < text > section .
This XML format is in fact so simple to parse , that we do n't even need a full - blown SAX parser : we can do it via regular expressions : search for < text > , and keep reading until we meet </ text > .
This file is just a big XML file - parsing it , through any SAX parser is child 's play .
We basically only care about two elements , title and text :
This command for example ... ... shows a piece of the data we need to parse :
We basically need to work with the and the contents ; that 's all the viewer will need : search using the title ( and parts of it ) , and watch the data of the section .
Seeking in the dump file
Hmm ...
We would certainly prefer not to use MySQL or any other database , since we are only * reading *
Wikipedia , not writing into it .
If only we could seek inside this huge .xml.bz2 file ...
Turns out we can do something VERY close : we can use the bzip2recover tool ( part of bzip2 distribution ) to " recover " the individual parts of this compressed file : Basically , BZIP splits its input into 900 K ( by default ) size blocks , and compresses each of them individually .
bzip2recover seeks out a " magic " signature that identifies the beginning of each block , and dumps each block it finds as an individual " recNumberOriginalname " file .
What this means , in plain English , is that we can convert the huge downloaded . bz2 file to a large set of small ( smaller than 1MB ) files , each one individually decompressible !
This process is fast ( since it involves almost no CPU calculations - it took 20 min on my Pentium4 3GHz ) and does n't waste space : you can remove the original 2.9GB file when bzip2recover completes .
The generated files ( 13778 in my case ) occupy equal space : 2.9GB .
( Note : to answer to some Slashdot readers , yes , of course we have to take into account that a < text > section might be split across " block - boundaries " and that our " decoding " scripts must account for that ; as for the possibility of the element names ( i.e. < text > or < title > being split , it is non existent - compressing algorithms always take repetitions into account , and store references to previous appearances instead of the original texts themselves - since the element names appear all the time , they will not be split - hopefully :‑)
Hmm ...
We would certainly prefer not to use MySQL or any other database , since we are only Wikipedia , not writing into it .
If only we could seek inside this huge .xml.bz2 file ...
Building a search index
All we need to do , is to use the words in the title as an " index " to the text .
We basically want to associate each title ( and its words ) , with the small . bz2 file it belongs in !
Searching for the specific title inside the small . bz2 file will take almost no time - it will decompress in less than half a second , since it is very small !
How do we associate a set of words with a " target " ?
We need a custom search engine ...
Looking in freshmeat for a search engine proved fruitful immediately : Xapian is a blindingly - fast , simple to use C++ engine .
It took me 20 minutes to look in the code of its examples , and I quickly realized that this code fits the profile !
# include < xapian.h > # include < iostream > # include < string > # include < vector > # include < cctype > # include < algorithm > using namespace std ; # define MAX_KEY 230 # define SPLIT_TITLE_INTO_KEYWORDS
void Tokenize ( const string & str , vector < string >& tokens , const string & delimiters ) { string :: size_type lastPos = str .
find_first_not_of ( delimiters , 0 ) ; string :: size_type pos = str .
find_first_of ( delimiters , lastPos ) ; while ( string :: npos != pos || string :: npos != lastPos ) { tokens .
push_back ( str . substr ( lastPos , pos - lastPos ) ) ; last Pos = str .
find_first_not_of ( delimiters , pos ) ; pos = str .
find_first_of ( delimiters , lastPos ) ; } } char to_lower ( const char c ) { return tolower ( c ) ; } void lowcase ( string & s ) { transform ( s . begin ( ) , s . end ( ) , s . begin ( ) , to_lower ) ; } int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { unsigned total = 0 ; try { Xapian :: WritableDatabase database ( " db / " , Xapian :: DB_CREATE_OR_OPEN
) ; string docId ; while ( 1 ) { string title ; if ( cin . eof ( ) ) break ; getline ( cin , title ) ; int l = title . length ( ) ; if ( l > 4 && title [ 0 ] == ' # ' && title .
substr ( l - 4 , 4 ) == " .bz2 " ) { docId = title .
substr ( 1 , string :: npos ) ; continue ; } string Title = title ; lowcase ( title ) ; Xapian :: Document newdocument ; string target = docId + string ( " : " ) +
Title ; if ( target . length ( ) > MAX_KEY ) target = target .
substr ( 0 , MAX_KEY ) ; newdocument .
set_data ( target ) ; if ( title .
length ( ) > MAX_KEY ) title = title .
substr ( 0 , MAX_KEY ) ; newdocument .
add_posting ( title . c_str ( ) , 1 ) ; vector < string > keywords ; Tokenize ( title , keywords , " " ) ; int cnt = 2 ; for ( vector < string >:: iterator it = keywords . begin ( ) ; it != keywords .
end ( ) ; it ++) { if ( it -> length ( ) > MAX_KEY ) * it = it -> substr ( 0 , MAX_KEY ) ; newdocument .
add_posting ( it -> c_str ( ) , cnt ++ ) ; } try { database .
add_document ( newdocument ) ; } catch ( const Xapian :: Error & error ) { cout << " Exception : " << error . get_msg ( ) ; cout << "
When adding :
" << title ; cout << "
Of length " << title . length ( ) << endl ; } total ++ ; if ( ( total % 8192 ) == 0 ) { cout << total << " articles indexed so far " << endl ; } } } catch ( const Xapian :: Error & error ) { cout << " Exception : " << error .
get_msg ( ) << endl ; } cout << total << " articles indexed . " << endl ; } #rec00001enwiki-20070802-pages-articles.xml.bz2
AlgeriA AmericanSamoa AppliedEthics AccessibleComputing Anarchism AfghanistanHistory AfghanistanGeography AfghanistanPeople AfghanistanEconomy ... ... Topics of note in Atlas Shrugged Atlas Shrugged #rec00002enwiki-20070802-pages-articles.xml.bz2 Anthropology Archaeology Anomalous Phenomena ... ... which is easily generated with this script : bash $ echo Enter the directory of the recXXXXX ... bz 2 files bash $ cd wiki - splits bash $ echo Create the index directory bash $ mkdir db bash $ echo Building the index bash $ for i in rec *. bz2 ; do echo \# $i bzcat $ i | grep ' < title ' | \ perl - ne 'm / < title > ( [ ^ < ]+ ) <\/ title >/ && print $ 1 . "
" ;' done | ../ quickstartindex Indexing with Xapian will take some time , depending on the speed of your CPU and the number of cores you have .
Expect at least a couple of hours ( my single core Pentium4 3GHz took 5 hours to build it ) .
Using the Xapian provided quickstartsearch example application , we can now do this : bash $ ./quickstartsearch db/ greece 99 % [ rec00124enwiki-20070802-pages-articles.xml.bz2:Greece ] 72 % [ rec00137enwiki-20070802-pages-articles.xml.bz2:Hellenic Greece ] 72 % [ rec00465enwiki-20070802-pages-articles.xml.bz2:Argos , Greece ] 72 % [ rec00468enwiki-20070802-pages-articles.xml.bz2:Marathon , Greece ] 72 % [ rec00524enwiki-20070802-pages-articles.xml.bz2:Athens , Greece ] 72 % [ rec00583enwiki-20070802-pages-articles.xml.bz2: Thebes , Greece ] ... Perfect ...!
Seems to be working !
And it did n't require a WEEK to build !
All we need to do , is to use the words in the title as an " index " to the text .
We basically want to associate each title ( and its words ) , with the small . bz2 file it belongs in !
Searching for the specific title inside the small . bz2 file will take almost no time - it will decompress in less than half a second , since it is very small !
... which is easily generated with this script : Indexing with Xapian will take some time , depending on the speed of your CPU and the number of cores you have .
Expect at least a couple of hours ( my single core Pentium4 3GHz took 5 hours to build it ) .
Perfect ...!
Seems to be working !
And it did n't require a WEEK to build !
Showing the wiki markup as nice HTML
Fortunately , I can rely on others for this : the nice people over at woc.fslab.de have created a standalone wiki - markup parser which is ready for use !
Checking out their code with Subversion ... bash $ svn co http://fslab.de/svn/wpofflineclient/trunk/mediawiki_sa/ mediawiki_sa ... allows a quick test : bash $ cd mediawiki_sa bash $ php5 testparser.php bonsai.wikimarkup > bonsai.html
Nice and simple .
( Update , September 17 , 2007 :
It appears that woc.fslab.de ( the site offering the standalone wiki renderer ) is down .
Until they come back up , you can download the latest snapshot of the renderer here . )
Fortunately , I can rely on others for this : the nice people over at woc.fslab.de have created a standalone wiki - markup parser which is ready for use !
Checking out their code with Subversion ... ... allows a quick test : Nice and simple .
Orchestration
Now we have all the ingredients : we need to " cook " them together , and what better way to do this than to use a simple Web front - end ( no , NOT a full blown Apache ! ) .
We can do this in Perl or Python or whatever ...
I started with a simple , standalone script in Perl : bash $ ./mywiki.pl Usage : ./mywiki.pl keyword1 < keyword2 > ... bash $ ./mywiki.pl greece 0 : ( abort ) 1 : ( 99 % ) Greece 2 : ( 72 % ) Hellenic Greece 3 : ( 72 % ) Argos , Greece 4 : ( 72 % ) Marathon , Greece 5 : ( 72 % ) Athens , Greece ... Select a number : 2 ( firefox starts up , showing the generated HTML file )
This wo n't suffice , though .
One of the reasons people morph into Wikipedians is because they can jump from one article to the next , following the hyperlinks .
I built a mini-server ( in Python , using Django ) to accomplish this .
You can of course build your own , since the work is indeed too easy ... ( you can even use CGI to invoke the standalone Perl script ) .
In Django , it only took 80 lines of Python code in the scaffolding to support keyword based searching , choosing one article out of the many possibilities offered by ' quickstartsearch ' , adding a ' search ' bar on top of all article pages , etc ...
Anyway , I think I 'll stop here .
Make sure you have Python , Perl , Php ( the big hammers ) , Xapian and Django ( the small ones ) , install this package , and you will be able to enjoy the best ( currently ) possible offline browsing of Wikipedia .
Just untar it , type ' make ' and follow the instructions .
Version wise - some people asked this - I used the following ( but since I am only using simple constructs , I believe other versions will work just fine ) : Perl 5.8.5 , Python 2.5 , PHP 5.2.1 , Xapian 1.0.2 and Django 0.9.6 .
Update , September 9 , 2007 : Some of the pages appear less appealing than what they can - they use wiki templates , which are not installed in woc.fslab.de 's renderer by default .
These templates are , however , inside the .bz2 files - all we need to do is install them in the renderer .
If you meet such a page , execute fixTemplatesOfCurrentPage.pl from within the installation directory : the script ( part of the package ) will read the data of the last page shown , and install the necessary templates in the renderer .
Simply refresh your browser , and the templates will then be rendered correctly .
Update , September 17 , 2007 :
It appears that woc.fslab.de ( the site offering the standalone wiki renderer ) is down .
You can download the latest snapshot of the wiki renderer here , so comment out the subversion checkout command from the Makefile , and just untar this instead .
Update , October 21 , 2007 : I found an article whose wiki text caused the woc.fslab.de parser to abort - modified show .pl to use the plain wiki content in that case .
Update , March 31 , 2008 : According to Robin Paulson , the same process described here also works for Wiktionary .
I did n't even know there was a Wiktionary !...
Thanks , Robin !
Update , February 27 , 2012 :
It is now almost 5 years since I published my technique for offline Wikipedia browsing ...
Other methods have surfaced in the meantime , and people from the Wikimedia foundation asked me to add a link to Kiwix : an ongoing effort to create an easy to install , open - source , offline Wikipedia reader .
Looks interesting ...
P.S. Is n't the world of Open Source amazing ?
I was able to build this in two days , most of which were spent searching for the appropriate tools .
Simply unbelievable ... toying around with these tools and writing less than 200 lines of code , and ... presto !
Back to index My CV Last update on : Sat Mar 8 22:58:16 2014
The comments on this website require the use of JavaScript .
Perhaps your browser is n't JavaScript capable or the script is not being run for another reason .
If you 're interested in reading the comments or leaving a comment behind please try again with a different browser or from a different connection .
You are unable to view our store because your browser is not accepting cookies .
Please set your browser to allow cookies , then return to our store .
Thank you .
For the last few days I ’ve been struggling to bend Rails to my will regarding the proper way to assure data consistency .
Today I made some progress .
This builds upon some research I did a few months ago , and hopefully this is a more or less complete solution to the problem of making Rails work the way I want it to regarding test databases .
DHH has clearly stated that he does not like a smart database .
This is common among application developers , particularly in the agile methods camp , in that they generally appear not to understand relational set theory , or if they do , they believe that it is inherently inferior to object oriented methods ( which lack a theoretical basis , as Fabian Pascal will happily shout at anyone who will listen ) .
I gather from DHH ’s statements that he merely is trying to practice Do n’t Repeat Yourself ( a.k.a. DRY , one of the most important values of Rails ) .
I gather from Rails itself that he either respects the need of some folks to disagree with him enough to provide hooks to bypass ActiveRecord , or that he at least agreed with someone else ’s patch .
By this I mean that there are ways around the ORM features of ActiveRecord , to do raw SQL and to execute raw DDL at database creation time , which implies that he is n’t trying to force his opinions on others , but rather to make it easier to do things his way than to do them a different way .
Fair enough .
Rails is opinionated software , as DHH often says , and I have found several cases where letting go of my particular way of doing things has been fine , given that Rails has a different but equally valid way of doing things that is made super easy by the framework .
However , I disagree with his decision to keep the DB stupid , for two reasons .
First , I prefer to put logic where it belongs , rather than gathering it all in one place .
AJAX , and in particular Google Maps , is a good example of presentation logic going where it belongs , making the whole application work better .
SQL RDBMSs have features that can be abused , and in some cases these features are there because a wrong - thinking but wealthy client demanded them , but most of the advanced features that a “ Real Database ” has are there so that you can protect yourself against data loss or data corruption .
The database is in a unique position to let you declare rules for things that must always be true , and then to trust that the database will never violate those rules .
Older versions of MySQL were notably lacking in these features and their absence was justified by MySQL staff who basically said “ you do n’t need that , and if you want it , you ’re confused . ”
Rails has inherited some of these damaged assumptions from MySQL , leaving basic relational features like foreign keys out of the framework ( ! ) .
Fortunately Rails allows plugins , and there is a set of foreign key plugins that overturn this decision .
But in general , if the database belongs to your application , that ’s not an excuse to move database functionality into application code .
By calling it your application ’s database ( as opposed to an Integration Database ) you imply that it is part of your application , and therefore any rules or procedural code in it is necessarily also part of your application .
You ca n’t monopolize the database and say that no one else has any business using it , while at the same time holding it at arm ’s length and saying it ’s not a valid part of the application .
It is .
No , business rules probably do n’t belong in the database , but basic data consistency maintenance ( in rule or procedural form ) does .
I ’m being charitable here , but my experience with individual practitioners of the Stupid Database Method invariably ends with me finding out that they do n’t really understand databases at all ( hence the desire to abstract the database away entirely with a driver plugin architecture topped by an ORM layer , lest they have to understand how a specific database product works ) , and would rather remain ignorant and reinvent the same functionality in the application layer or in the ORM layer .
( It ’s a case of “ when all you have is a hammer , everything looks like a nail ” , where the hammer is a general - purpose programming language , and you ’re looking at a problem of high performance concurrent transactional programming . )
Not surprisingly , the database of choice for these folks is the least featureful , lowest cost , easiest to install one available .
Because naturally it ’s much more agile to write and debug new multithreaded transactional code in a high level dynamic language .
than it is to get the same functionality for free in a thoroughly tested product that ’s written in C. Right ?
Perhaps DHH is not one of these people .
I assume he is not , again based on what he has said and coded .
But nevertheless , the folks I ’ve talked to personally who agree with his point of view are all coming from a point of view of willful ignorance .
Secondly , I prefer to employ defense in depth against data errors .
Transient errors can have workarounds , but data errors are permanent , and that means that if your data is valuable , the damage done can be irreversible .
Just because it ’s possible for correct application code to avoid race conditions , improper escaping , etc. does n’t mean that you should put all your eggs in that basket .
When the price of data corruption is high ( i.e. if you value the data in your database ) then it ’s worth the duplication of effort : test the application code , but also put a constraint in the database that will catch things the application code missed .
This is the same sort of thinking that leads to using automated unit tests , then functional tests , then integration tests , and then some manual QA , all overlapping .
Duplication of effort ?
Yes .
Worth it ?
Yes .
Database bugs are arguably the worst kind of bugs to find in production , so they merit extra code that maybe is n’t absolutely necessary for the application to work , but is nice to have since you ’d like to sleep at night .
So , I feel justified in wanting to put CHECK constraints and triggers in my database .
The implementation details are discussed in part 2 .
New Wave of Shoah Claims Holocaust Groups Demand More Compensation from Germany
More than 60 years after the Holocaust , survivors and their heirs are filing new claims for compensation against Germany .
And the Israeli government wants Berlin to provide additional payments of millions of euros to help pay for social services for survivors .
If you want to learn about the basics of SEO then it is essential that you find the best SEO tutorial on the market .
If you do not have the right knowledge then it is possible that you will not get the best possible results .
There are a number of different SEO tutorials available but choosing the best is going to be based on how well they provide the information that you need .
The first thing that you should look for in an SEO tutorial is a clear set of instructions on how the system works .
There is no point in looking for a tutorial if you are going to end up making mistakes .
If the instructions are too vague then this can lead to you making a number of mistakes and getting a wrong result .
The next thing that you should look for in an SEO tutorial is an example .
This will give you a chance to see if the system works before you spend any money on it .
If you are unsure about how to use it then you will not be able to make an informed decision on whether or not it is right for your website .
The last thing that you should look for in an SEO tutorial is support .
You will want to ensure that the tutorial comes with a full money back guarantee .
You do not want to waste your time with a tutorial that does not work and leaves you without any money .
If you take the time to choose the best SEO tutorial then you should be able to get the results that you are looking for .
If you are not sure about how to get started with the system then you will need to seek out some professional help .
Getting some professional help can help you get to the end result that you want .
If you are going to use a tutorial then you should make sure that it comes with a money back guarantee .
This means that if you are unhappy with the results you get from it you can get your money back .
This can be a very good indication of how the tutorial is going to help you get to the end result that you want .
You will also want to make sure that the SEO tutorial comes with support .
You will be unable to learn this information by yourself if you are not using someone to give you the advice that you need .
If the tutorial is not properly supported then you are not going to get any benefit from it .
The last thing that you need to look for in an SEO tutorial is the best prices around .
You will need to make sure that you are getting a good price for what you money .
You will not want to end up paying too much for the information that you need when there are better options out there .
You will also want to make sure that you are getting the most value out of your money .
You will want to pay attention to how much time that you spend on the tutorial .
If you find that the tutorials are too long you will be wasting your time and that you are not getting value for your money .
You will also want to make sure that you are getting the best value for your money .
You do not want to waste your time on an SEO tutorial that gives you advice that is useless .
You will need to make sure that you are getting information that is relevant to your site .
In addition to the good price that you will be looking for , you will also want to make sure that you are getting advice that is relevant .
You will not be able to learn anything if you are not relevant .
If you do not get all of this information then you will be wasting your time .
You will not be able to learn the correct way to optimize your site for search engines .
You will not be able to learn the right ways of getting a high ranking for your site .
Via McClatchy Washington Bureau :
This year Senate Republicans are threatening filibusters to block more legislation than ever before , a pattern that 's rooted in — and could increase — the pettiness and dysfunction in Congress .
Seven months into the current two - year term , the Senate has held 42 " cloture " votes aimed at shutting off extended debate — filibusters , or sometimes only the threat of one — and moving to up - or - down votes on contested legislation .
Under Senate rules that protect a minority 's right to debate , these votes require a 60 - vote supermajority in the 100 - member Senate .
Nearly 1 in 6 roll - call votes in the Senate this year have been cloture votes .
If this pace of blocking legislation continues , this 110th Congress will be on track to roughly triple the previous record number of cloture votes — 58 each in the two Congresses from 1999 - 2002 , according to the Senate Historical Office .
Read more ...
Remember the Nuclear Option ?
Here 's Bill Frist from November , 2004 regarding the Democrats and Bush 's judicial nominees :
Republicans say that Democrats have abused the filibuster by blocking 10 of the president 's 229 judicial nominees in his first term -- although confirmation of Bush nominees exceeds in most cases the first - term experience of presidents dating to Ronald Reagan .
Describing the filibusters as intolerable , Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist ( R - Tenn . ) has hinted he may resort to an unusual parliamentary maneuver , dubbed the " nuclear option , " to thwart such filibusters .
" One way or another , the filibuster of judicial nominees must end , " he said in a speech to the Federalist Society last month , labeling the use of filibusters against judicial nominees a " formula for tyranny by the minority . "
The Republicans clamored for an up or down vote on these judges and the Democrats caved .
Why wo n't Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid put the nuclear option on the table to stop the Republicans from thwarting the will of the American people and end our occupation of Iraq ?
If a handful of judges are worth invoking it , then the lives of our soldiers and the security of our country damn well should be ...
More " War on the Unexpected "
The “ War on the Unexpected ” is being fought everywhere .
In Australia :
Bouncers kicked a Melbourne man out of a Cairns pub after paranoid patrons complained that he was reading a book called The Unknown Terrorist .
At the U.S. border with Canada :
A Canadian firetruck responding with lights and sirens to a weekend fire in Rouses Point , New York , was stopped at the U.S. border for about eight minutes , U.S. border officials said Tuesday . [ … ]
The Canadian firefighters “ were asked for IDs , ” Trombley said .
“ I believe they even ran the license plate on the truck to make sure it was legal . ”
In the UK :
A man who had gone into a diabetic coma on a bus in Leeds was shot twice with a Taser gun by police who feared he may have been a security threat .
In Maine :
A powdered substance that led to a baggage claim being shut down for nearly six hours at the Portland International Jetport was a mixture of flour and sugar , airport officials said Thursday .
Fear is winning .
Refuse to be terrorized , people .
Posted on November 21 , 2007 at 6:39 AM • 72 Comments
The broader - umbrella approach is working .
Take the case of Wolfgang Puck .
In March , he announced that he would stop serving foie gras and buy eggs only from chickens not confined to small cages .
Veal , pork and poultry suppliers will have to abide by stricter standards , too .
For five years before the announcement , Mr. Baur ’s group had been pressuring Mr. Puck to change his meaty ways .
Mr. Puck , in an interview in March , said that had nothing to do with his new policies .
He simply came to the conclusion that better standards were the best thing for his customers , his food and the animals .
But he did credit the Humane Society for his education .
Mr. Puck met Mr. Pacelle through Sharon Patrick , a branding consultant he had hired .
Ms. Patrick , the former president of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia , believed animal welfare could be an important component in her plan for Mr. Puck .
She brokered a meeting between the two men , and eight months later Mr. Puck presented his new animal welfare plan .
But farmers and corporations are only gingerly endorsing animal rights groups — if at all .
The flurry of corporate animal welfare policies that began in 1999 with McDonald ’s are simply sound corporate strategy , company representatives say .
The genesis was likely the 1993 E. coli outbreak at Jack in the Box restaurants , which sickened hundreds and killed four children .
Companies realized they had to get a better handle on where their meat was coming from .
And they say it had nothing to do with PETA .
“ Ask them and they will tell you they are the sole responsible party for bringing all these changes , but I have yet to see one of their campaigns produce results where they affected the company in terms of customer traffic or profitability , ” said Denny Lynch , a spokesman for Wendy’s .
Like other big fast food companies , Wendy ’s has been a target of animal activists ’ campaigns .
Earlier this month , it announced a strengthened animal welfare policy .
Four days after President Bush signed controversial legislation legalizing some warrantless surveillance of Americans , the administration is citing the law in a surprise motion today urging a federal judge to dismisss a lawsuit challenging the NSA spy program .
The lawsuit was brought by lawyers defending Guantanamo Bay prisoners .
The lawyers and others alleged the threat of surveillance is chilling their First Amendment rights of speech , and their clients ' right to legal representation .
Justice Department lawyers are asking ( .pdf ) U.S. District Judge Vaughn
Walker to toss the case , citing the new law – which says warrantless surveillance can continue for up to a year so long as one person in the intercepted communications is reasonably believed to be located outside of the United States .
The motion is set to be heard in federal court in San Francisco this afternoon .
THREAT LEVEL will be there .
The government said the new Protect America Act of 2007 requires the government to notify the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court " as soon as practicable " when somebody is being spied upon , but does not require its immediate authorization .
The government has maintained all along that electronic eavesdropping was legal , and said the newest legislation provides " an additional basis for dismissal . "
The Center for Constitutional Rights , the plaintif in the lawsuit , is expected to argue today that the new law violates the Fourth Amendment 's requirement that judges approve warrants for surveillance .
" Congress has ceded further power to an administration that has done nothing but abuse its power and betray the trust of the American people , center attorney Shayana Kadidal said .
" Congress has given the president and attorney general virtually uncheckmed power to spy on international calls of Americans without any oversight or accountability from the courts . "
Cindy Cohn , director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , said the latest legislation does not apply to another eavesdropping case in which her group accuses AT&T of cooperating with the National Security Agency to make all communications on AT&T networks available to the spy agency without warrants .
That case will be argued before the San Francisco - based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Thursday .
" This new law does not apply to this dragnet style of eavesdropping , and if it did , it 's not retroactive , " Cohn said .
I think that we desire war .
We want war to be permissible without sacrificing all the values we hold most dear .
As a result , we endeavor to manipulate and twist those values and moral principles to accommodate that desire rather than recognize war as the moral offense it is .
~ Robert Brimlow Adolf Hitler is alive and well , and especially among neocon warmongers , conservative interventionists , Christian armageddonists , and other advocates of perpetual war for perpetual peace .
The original President Bush and the current incarnation have both all but compared Saddam Hussein to Hitler .
Now it is the president of Iran who bears the Hitler label .
Indeed , as Glenn Greenwald has well said : “ Whoever is next on the War List is always The New Hitler and the country they lead is always The New Nazi Germany . ”
But it is not incarnate in these mischaracterizations that Hitler lives today .
When all else fails , proponents of the war in Iraq inevitably retreat to the Hitler question .
Okay , maybe life in Iraq under Saddam Hussein was better than the situation in Iraq now , but what about Hitler ?
Perhaps the United States should n’t have invaded Iraq , but what about Hitler ?
Yes , it is tragic that almost 4,000 U.S. soldiers have died in Iraq , but what about Hitler ?
Perhaps the troop surge was a bad idea , but what about Hitler ?
But it ’s not just those who champion the war in Iraq that invoke the Hitler question .
The same thing is done by those who are adamantly opposed to this U.S. military adventure , but not some previous one .
Failure to receive a satisfactory answer to the Hitler question is certainly one of the main reasons why many who recognize the folly of war hesitate to label themselves as anti-war .
The Hitler question is something that Robert Brimlow , a philosophy professor at St. John Fisher College in New York , has pondered for many years .
After a series of outlines , drafts , and proposals ( which , it should be noted , began before 9/11 ) , he has collected his thoughts in What about Hitler ?
Wrestling with Jesus ’s Call to Nonviolence in an Evil World ( Brazos Press , 2006 ) .
The book is part of the publisher ’s series on The Christian Practice of Everyday Life , a series which “ seeks to present specifically Christian perspectives on some of the most prevalent contemporary practices of everyday life . ”
This work came about in part due to the persistent asking of the Hitler question whenever the author made “ an argument for pacifism in his philosophy classes . ”
Brimlow believes that Christians “ are not called to be pacifists ; we are called to be Christians , and part of what it means to be Christian is to be peacemakers . ”
But Hitler or no Hitler , the author does n’t believe that so - called just war theory is the answer to limiting war .
The book , in fact , stands just war theory on its head , arguing that it is used to justify war .
It also contains some painful rebukes to Christian defenders of war that I wish I had uttered myself .
But first , the negative .
Each chapter of the book is prefaced by a Scripture passage and the author ’s meditation upon it followed in most cases by a prologue .
But since the meditations are not directly related to the subject of the chapters , and the prologues , which are basically personal experiences , are generally irrelevant as well , they can all be safely passed over .
The last three chapters ( 7 , 8 , & 9 ) , which present the Christian response to the Hitler question , an elaboration , and an elaboration on the elaboration , should really be combined , especially since chapter 7 contains only a one - page response after a four - page meditation .
Along with the lack of an index , these are minor quibbles we can live with in a book that so boldly and powerfully tackles just war theory and the Hitler question .
Brimlow does n’t waste any time , striking at the root of just war theory with an assault on Augustine in the first chapter : “ Augustine is a saint , a father of the church , a good theologian , and a wonderful philosopher .
He is also wrong . ”
And not only is it the church father Tertullian that we should look to : “ The basis of Tertullian ’s objection to Christian involvement with the military should be obvious to anyone with even a cursory knowledge of the gospel . ”
Brimlow then demolishes the finer points of just war theory itself , even taking on the theologian Thomas Aquinas .
The author considers just war theory , “ as developed and defended both by church theologians and secular philosophers , ” untenable , and for three reasons :
Just war theory is untenable because it is difficult to know with sufficient confidence whether all of its conditions have been met .
Just war theory is untenable because some of its tenets are impossible to realize .
Just war theory is untenable because it used to justify rather than to prevent war .
First there is the knowledge problem :
It is not often easy to determine when a just cause for war exists or what criteria a state may use in reaching the determination that a just cause is operative .
One of the primary difficulties with the just war requirements should be apparent : it is not very clear when the conditions of just cause and last resort have been satisfied .
As soon as just war theory adapts to accommodate and allow preemptive attacks by a threatened state , it is no longer clear either how much solid evidence is required or how much discussion or negotiation would be prudent .
Second , the carrying out of the jus in bello principle of discrimination between the civilian population and enemy combatants is impossible .
Says Brimlow : “ It is obvious that a war , in order to be just , must not inflict harm or death or injury on innocent persons , or else it is no better ( except , perhaps , quantitatively ) than the original aggression .
The problem facing those who wish to justify war is that it is impossible to conduct a war without harming some innocents .
It is in the very nature of war that innocents will die . ”
And third , just war theory in practice is used for something entirely opposite its stated purpose : “ Another difficulty with the just war criteria , at least to this point and taken as a whole , is that they seem able to justify almost all wars rather than to provide a means to limit the number of wars that would be considered just . ”
Indeed , under just war theory , “ a state may initiate hostile military action against another state that poses no direct threat to it .
Using just war theory , Brimlow even makes the case that “ Nazi Germany ’s initiation of World War II in the European theater — as well as the events that led up to it — satisfy the criteria for just cause as well as any other . ”
I might also add that it is the state that decides to go to war , not the people , most of whom want nothing to do with war ; that is , until the state sufficiently propagandizes its citizens , as Hermann Goering explained .
The state always claims that it is acting defensively , has the right intention , has the proper authority , is undertaking war as a last resort , has a high probability of success , and that a war will achieve good that is proportionally greater than the damage to life , limb , and property that it will cause .
Brimlow concludes about just war theory :
The criteria set out and developed by just war theory are simply too flaccid and flexible to yield an outlawing of some of the most immoral and heinous activities of the last century .
Just war theory is untenable .
Among other things , just war theory contradicts itself in that it sanctions the killing of innocents , which it at the same time prohibits .
In addition , just war theory can also be used effectively to justify all wars .
It is no wonder that “ the Christian concerns about justifying warfare set the tone for subsequent secular justifications . ”
Indeed , just war theory “ has become fundamentally a secular doctrine . ”
Brimlow argues that “ this must be so , because no Christian could justify war without leaving Jesus and the gospel out of it . ”
But even if Brimlow ’s indictment of just war theory is correct , and even if “ almost all the wars that have been fought over the millennia were wrong on both philosophical and theological grounds , ” and even if “ pacifism might be what is called for in the vast majority of cases , ” there is one thing that will abrogate every vestige of morality and turn the ardent pacifist into a crazed warmonger : the so - called supreme emergency .
The greatest example of the supreme emergency is , of course , Hitler .
The Nazi regime “ provides the paradigmatic example of a special case that justifies using extraordinary means to defeat an enemy ” even if it means violating the rights of the innocent .
Because Hitler is “ the embodiment of hatred , murder , death , and destruction , ” he has become “ a symbol for all those threats to us that appear immune to rational discourse , pragmatic calculation and bargaining , and appeals to self - interest or moral goodness . ”
Brimlow does n’t buy the supreme emergency argument , and certainly not as articulated by contemporary just war theorist Michael Walzer , author of Just and Unjust Wars ( Basic Books , 2000 ) .
Brimlow points out that not only does Walzer assert that “ even the lives of innocent may be sacrificed , with justification , in the case of supreme emergencies , ” he maintains that when the rights of neutrals , innocents , and noncombatants are overridden , they have not been “ diminished , weakened , or lost . ”
Brimlow concludes that the supreme emergency argument suffers from the same knowledge problem as just war theory : “ It is difficult to determine with any precision when a supreme emergency begins or when it ends , even retrospectively . ”
Brimlow finds it curious that “ we take Hitler as the figure and symbol for the embodiment of the utmost evil . ”
It is Stalin , “ at least in terms of sheer numbers of innocents intentionally and directly slaughtered , ” whose “ record of murders supersedes Hitler ’s . ”
It is Stalin — our ally in World War II — who not only initiated pogroms , purges , and persecutions ( like Hitler ) , but used starvation and terror as a weapons .
Stalin “ appears to be more bloodthirsty than Hitler . ”
He could even be “ the greatest monster of the twentieth century . ”
In the end , Brimlow maintains that the Hitler question is a dishonest one :
It assumes that Christians and the church have no involvement and no responsibility prior to some arbitrary date in the early 1940s .
If the question is asking how a pacifistic church should have responded to the horrors of the Holocaust , the answer surely lies in being a peacemaking church long before the Holocaust ever began .
The church should have preached and lived a love of the Jews for many centuries before the twentieth ; the church should have formed Christians into the kind of people who do not kill Jews , or homosexuals , or gypsies , or communists , or other Christians , or Nazis , or whoever else was victimized by the war .
The church should have lived and taught in such a way that the First World War would have been incomprehensible in a largely Christian Europe and , failing that , should have railed against the Versailles Treaty and the vengeance it embodied in favor of forgiveness and reconciliation .
The failure of the church and of Christians to be peacemakers in 1942 is horrible precisely because it is a result and culmination of centuries of failure .
Anti-Semitism , violence , warfare , strife , hatred , and intolerance have been and continue to be acceptable practices for Christians — usually in the name of politics , nationalism , or even religious truth .
Brimlow courageously concludes : “ Given the stature of a Stalin , why is it that Hitler is the one who provides the standard by which we measure evil and analogize the worst behavior of leaders and states ? ”
We can even take this a step further .
It was not Hitler who boycotted Jewish businesses .
It was not Hitler who enforced the Nuremberg laws .
It was not Hitler who participated in the Krystalnacht .
It was not Hitler who transported Jews to death camps .
It was not Hitler who killed American , British , Russian , and French soldiers during World War II .
And it was not Hitler who killed the millions of civilians who died during the “ Good War . ”
And neither did Hitler put a gun to anyone ’s head and force them to do any of these things .
Was Hitler evil ?
Yes .
Was Hitler a despicable human being ?
Certainly .
Would the world have been better off if someone had put a bullet in his head ?
Of course .
Nevertheless ,
Hitler is given too much credit for what transpired during the Nazi regime ( and yes , for those who question my hatred of Nazism : it was an evil , brutal regime , and so was Stalin’s ) .
The problem with Hitler is that the great evil that he personifies has been imputed to Osama bin Laden , Al Qaeda , “ bad ” Muslim leaders ( as opposed to the “ good ” Muslim leaders that are our allies ) , and Islamic terrorists in general .
Brimlow does n’t buy this argument either .
He believes it “ more appropriate to consider the actions of Al Qaeda and other terrorists to be criminal rather than aggressive in the traditional sense . ”
Although certainly not defending the actions of bin Laden and Al Qaeda , Brimlow recognizes the part that an interventionist U.S. foreign policy has played in stirring up anti-Americanism in the Muslim world .
When the United States responded to the 9/11 attacks , it was responding to “ an attack that was , in itself , a response to an attack . ”
In analyzing the complaints against America in the “ Letter to America ” attributed to bin Laden , Brimlow remarks that “ our allies and many others in the international community have leveled similar charges against us for decades , and even a cursory examination of our history in many parts of the world , especially Latin America , gives considerable credence to his views . ”
This is because “ the American government and the American people have been and continue to be curiously blind to the cumulative effect our policy decisions have on other people around the world . ”
Brimlow argues that “ just war theory and supreme emergencies cut both ways . ”
If they are “ sufficient to sanction the killing and destruction inherent in conventional and total wars , then they are sufficient to sanction terrorism as well . ”
Indeed , to “ accept one as right and proper is to accept the other , and this means we have no moral basis to object to what Al Qaeda and other terrorist organizations are doing . ”
Brimlow ’s solution for the individual Christian to the Hitler problem will not be too well - received in the Christian community , especially among warvangelicals :
We must live faithfully ; we must be humble in our faith and truthful in what we say and do ; we must repay evil with good ; and we must be peacemakers .
This may also mean as a result that the evildoers will kill us .
Then , we shall die .
Our call to follow Jesus and be peacemakers means that we will die .
We do n’t like this message , so we recoil from it and consider it incomprehensible ; and we find ways to reinterpret the gospel or to understand the “ real ” meaning of Jesus ’s message in order to obfuscate and avoid this conclusion .
He could not have meant what he said ; “ death ” must be a metaphor for something else .
The author began his study of just war theory by wondering “ how the church arrived at the position that some wars can be considered not only justifiable but also consistent with the demands of the gospel . ”
Because this position is so entrenched in certain sectors of Christendom , we can only hope and pray that Brimlow ’s book causes some to rethink their position .
What about Hitler ?
Yeah , what about him ?
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
GOP Braces For Testimony Fight , Likely Gonzales Exit
The White House and top GOP officials are bracing for a lengthy battle over executive privilege and the likely resignation of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales in the escalating fight over the firings of eight U.S. attorneys , several key Republicans said Tuesday .
With Democrats demanding public testimony of top White House aides , including Deputy Chief of Staff Karl Rove , and the White House insisting on private interviews only , the GOP officials said the controversy over the fired prosecutors is likely to intensify and prompt Gonzales to step aside .
Advertisement
President Bush on Tuesday called Gonzales , offering a public show of support .
And White House press secretary Tony Snow said that news reports about a search for a replacement were " flat false . "
But people involved in the process to sound out potential replacements for Gonzales said they had not talked to Snow .
A GOP loyalist close to the White House said the process went on ice after Bush made his call to Gonzales .
" They were reaching out , " the operative said .
" Now , we 're in lockdown .
We 're just waiting .
They 've reached out to everyone they need to reach out to and are waiting to get a ' yes ' from someone . "
The operative assumption , the GOP source said , is that Gonzales will go but that he will do so on his own schedule .
The first stage in finding a replacement is gauging who is available among the well - established lawyers under consideration , most of whom have previously been confirmed by the Senate .
" I think it is going to come down to who is willing to take the job , " said the source .
Meanwhile , support for Gonzales on Capitol Hill continued to wane .
A member of the House Republican leadership , speaking on the condition of anonymity at a luncheon with 13 reporters , spoke scathingly of the " drip , drip , drip " produced by the furor over the attorneys .
" I can't imagine that he 's going to be around a whole lot longer , " said the House Republican leader .
" It seems like a leak about developing a short list of replacements , combined with a direct call from the president , are sort of the two indications that your days are numbered .
I just do n't see him lasting through this current maelstrom .
" There 's already Republicans on the Hill calling for him to quit and there 's certainly not a deep well of support on the Hill for him , " the leader said .
About the administration 's dealings with Congress , the leader said , " They 're never really reached out . "
Bush 's call essentially leaves it up to Gonzales whether to try to hang on to his office at a time when Democratic lawmakers are gunning for him and many Republicans have given up on him .
A Republican source said Tuesday that Bush is " unmoved , " and that Gonzales will not be pushed out or fired .
Bush telephoned him from the Oval Office at 7:15 a.m. , and aides said he " reaffirmed his strong support and backing " for his longtime friend and aide .
Asked if Gonzales had promised to remain in office for the rest of the presidency , Snow told reporters on Air Force One : " No , that did n't come up . "
At the same time , Republicans debated who should succeed Gonzales if he should decide to resign as a final act of loyalty to Bush .
" The president understands that Al Gonzales is a big boy and if this ongoing investigation is a distraction from the department 's goals , he 's basically said , ' It 's going to be up to Al to make that decision , ' " a senior Republican close to the situation said .
White House counsel Fred Fielding went to Capitol Hill with an offer Tuesday , outlined in a letter released after his meeting , offering testimony by Rove and other top aides but only if the interviews " would be private and conducted without the need for an oath , transcript , subsequent testimony or the subsequent issuance of subpoenas . "
Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) responded coolly to Fielding 's proposal , calling it unique but " with a lot of pitfalls " that made it inadequate .
" With no transcript , with no oath , with private conversations that can be contradicted , recollections can fail , you 're not going to get very far , " he told reporters .
" Counsel Fielding … said he wanted this to be a conversation rather than a hearing .
A conversation 's fine .
But let 's have a conversation under oath with a transcript .
…
Mr. Fielding indicated that he did not want to negotiate , but that does n't mean we 're not going to try . "
In a feisty statement at the White House late Tuesday afternoon , Bush told reporters in the Diplomatic Reception Room that he will not abet " show trials " by Democrats and that their initial response indicated they " appear more interested in scoring political points than in learning the facts . "
He said he wanted to avoid an " impasse " but said defiantly : " I will oppose any attempts to subpoena White House officials . "
" I 'm worried about precedents that would make it difficult for someone to walk in the Oval Office and say , ' Mr. President , this is what 's on my mind , ' '' Bush added .
Asked if he would go to the mat and go to court over the matter , the president replied , " Absolutely . "
House and Senate Democrats vowed to continue pursuing their investigation of December 's U.S. attorney purge , and they dismissed Monday night 's document dump by the Justice Department as woefully inadequate .
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt. ) suggested on Tuesday that even more U.S. attorneys may have been fired than the eight that have been publicly acknowledged by the White House or Justice Department , although the Vermont Democrat was not able to offer any more information publicly than redacted e-mails between senior administration officials where the names of some prosecutors have been blanked out .
Leahy will seek authority on Thursday from his panel to issue subpoenas to Rove and Harriet Miers , the former White House counsel .
" Frankly , I would hope the administration would cooperate with us , but if they do n't , we will subpoena , " Leahy told reporters , repeating a threat that he has made frequently in the past two weeks .
In DOJ documents that were publicly posted by the House Judiciary Committee , there is a gap from mid-November to early December in e-mails and other memos , which was a critical period as the White House and Justice Department reviewed , then approved , which U.S. attorneys would be fired while also developing a political and communications strategy for countering any fallout from the firings .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) , a member of the Judiciary panel , noted that six of the eight fired prosecutors were involved in corruption investigations focusing on GOP lawmakers or officials , and she questioned whether the firings were an effort by Republicans to protect their own .
After fighting off GOP attempts to alter the bill , Senate Democrats on Tuesday pushed through legislation that would revise the Patriot Act so that Gonzales or his successor does not have the power to unilaterally appoint U.S. attorneys without Senate confirmation .
The legislation , sponsored by Feinstein , passed by a 94 - 2 margin , with only Sens. Chuck Hagel ( R - Neb . ) and Kit Bond ( R - Mo. ) voting against the bill .
The so - called Wounded Warriors
Act , legislation intended to improve health care for veterans , has attracted nearly unanimous , bipartisan support in Congress .
So why would the newly formed Foundation for a Secure and Prosperous America begin running a television commercial urging the citizens of South Carolina to tell Congress to pass it ?
The answer lies in the commercial ’s glowing images of Senator John McCain , the Arizona Republican banking on a South Carolina victory to jump - start his cash - poor Republican primary campaign .
The group that paid for the advertisement operates independently of Mr. McCain ’s campaign , but was set up and financed by his supporters seeking to help him as much as possible up to the limits of the law .
The initial spending on the commercial , according to the group , is modest — commercials on the Fox News Channel in South Carolina only — but it represents the first trickle in a flood of hundreds of millions of dollars that are expected to pour from all sides into groups reminiscent of the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth of 2004 , built to influence voting outside of campaign law limitations .
The amount could swamp the record - breaking tens of millions that the top candidates are raising for their own , closely regulated campaign accounts .
Mr. McCain has crusaded for years against just this sort of unencumbered political spending and has publicly called upon the foundation to stop the advertisement , a request competitors say seems half - hearted and the group ’s leader has ignored .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Iran is talking to the Taliban but has a “ very ambivalent ” attitude towards al Qaeda , a third major foe of the United States , a top European security official said .
Tehran ’s relations with the Taliban and al Qaeda are of key importance because of Washington ’s concerns they could carry out damaging attacks on the United States and its allies in the Middle East and Afghanistan .
The United States would be particularly wary of any growing relationship between the three as Tehran is looking for support in case of a possible U.S. strike on its nuclear facilities , which Washington says are being used to develop a nuclear bomb .
“ I certainly believe the Iranians are conducting talks with the Taliban , ” August Hanning , Germany ’s deputy interior minister and former head of its BND spy agency , told Reuters in an interview .
He noted that Iran has also acknowledged holding some senior al Qaeda figures for years , possibly under some form of house arrest , and said Tehran might seek to use them as a “ bargaining chip ” against the West .
Although talks are under way with Iran over a diplomatic solution concerning Tehran ’s nuclear program , Washington has not ruled out military strikes on its atomic facilities .
Iran says it wants nuclear energy to generate electricity .
Western security analysts assume Shi’ite Iran is already planning its response to a U.S. attack .
Some believe it might set aside its differences with the Sunni Taliban and al Qaeda in a bid to maximize its “ asymmetric capacity ” to retaliate .
The United States has long accused Iran of backing insurgents in Iraq and security experts say Tehran ’s response to any U.S. airstrikes on its nuclear installations would include stepping up support of anti-U.S. forces in Iraq , Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in the Palestinian territories .
The response could also spread to Afghanistan and beyond .
Hanning said he could not confirm reports heard by Reuters from two separate diplomatic and intelligence sources that Iranian officials have held two three - way meetings in Iran since June with militants from al Qaeda and the Taliban .
One source said a June meeting in Mashhad , near the Afghan border , was called to discuss “ coordination ” on how to respond if Iran came under attack .
The source said participants included Saif al - Adel , a senior al Qaeda figure whom intelligence sources believe has been held in Iran along with other top militants who fled there from Afghanistan after the U.S. invasion in 2001 .
Western intelligence officials say they cannot confirm the reports , although some see them as plausible .
Hanning said he believed the Iranians were smuggling weapons into Afghanistan , where some 3,000 German soldiers are deployed in NATO peacekeeping operations to help rebuild the country and fend off an increasingly tough Taliban insurgency .
“ I believe that the Iranians have an influence on the situation in Afghanistan , above all in the border regions , ” Hanning said .
He did not say how he knew that Iran was talking to the Taliban , the purist Islamist militia which has regrouped in Afghanistan since its rule there was broken by the U.S. invasion soon after the September 11 attacks of 2001 .
Hanning doubted that the Iranians would give up clandestine nuclear procurement efforts , even in the face of a new round of U.N. or separate European Union sanctions .
“ If I know the Iranians , they have already taken the appropriate preparatory measures ” to circumvent a tightening of sanctions , he added .
“ It will always be possible to get around such regulations .
They can do it through front companies , third countries .
In an open society it is ... not easy to prohibit . ”
Oct. 30 , 2007  -- A 24 - year - old New York City man remains jailed after he was found allegedly having sex with a 92 - year - old woman 's corpse inside the morgue of the hospital where he worked .
Anthony Merino , who works as a lab technician at Holy Name Hospital in Teaneck , N.J. , was arrested Sunday after police responded to a call from a security guard at the hospital .
The guard reported witnessing the lab technician sexually desecrating the woman 's dead body , according to police .
" This is a first , " Lt. Dean Kazinci , spokesman for the Teaneck , N.J. , police , told ABC News .
" When you think you 've heard and seen it all , something like this happens . "
Kazinci said the security guards at the hospital told police that they caught Merino in the act of necrophilia .
They transported Merino to the police station , he said , and charged him after conducting a police interview .
A spokesman for Holy Name Hospital released a statement to ABC News calling the allegations a " heinous crime . "
" We are horrified and saddened for the family of the patient and are completely empathic and sympathetic to them , " the statement reads .
Merino had only been working at the hospital for 14 days , according to the statement , and had passed a criminal background check before he was offered the job .
The hospital also notified the dead woman 's next of kin after contacting authorities .
Merino was arraigned Monday on a charge of desecrating human remains , a second degree crime in New Jersey .
A judge set bail at $ 400,000 with conditions that included Merino surrendering his passport and submitting to a psychological evaluation .
He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison , if convicted .
In addition to working part time at Holy Name Hospital , Merino also had a part - time job as a histology technician at Overlook Hospital in Summit , N.J .
Janina Scheytt Hecht , a spokeswoman for Overlook Hospital , confirmed that Merino worked for the hospital from Sept. 10 , 2007 , until Monday .
" He has been terminated , " Hecht said , adding that Merino was subject to a background check there before he was hired .
She also said no one had filed a complaint against him during his short tenure on the staff .
Necrophilia is a psychological condition that falls under the umbrella category of paraphilia , according to Michael Fogel , the chair of the forensic psychology department at the Chicago School of Professional Psychology .
Paraphilia involves fantasies and sexual urges in which people are aroused by nonhuman objects or pain or humiliation of oneself or a sexual partner .
" It 's an extraordinarily rare condition , but it's also a very real condition , " said Fogel , who previously served as the director of the Sex Offender Evaluation Unit for the Illinois Department of Corrections .
In more than 1,500 evaluations he performed in that role , he said , not one involved the condition of necrophilia .
Fogel said the psychological exam will be critical to understanding what type of risk Merino may pose .
He also cautioned against simply calling the suspect , if he is , in fact , convicted of the crime , " nuts . "
" In these type of cases , it 's a sexual attraction that the individual has , " he said .
" That 's what they 're aroused to , it 's what they have sexual fantasies about . "
Legal , intense hallucinogen raises alarms / Salvia divinorum produces short , dreamlike experience
DRUGSXX_02.jpg Legal hallucinogenic Salvia Divinorum in San Francisco , CA , on Friday , June , 22 , 2007 .
photo taken : 6/22/07 Mike Kane / The Chronicle * MANDATORY CREDIT FOR PHOTOG AND SF CHRONICLE /NO SALES -MAGS OUT less DRUGSXX_02.jpg Legal hallucinogenic Salvia Divinorum in San Francisco , CA , on Friday , June , 22 , 2007 .
photo taken : 6/22/07 Mike Kane / The Chronicle * MANDATORY CREDIT FOR PHOTOG AND SF CHRONICLE /NO SALES -MAGS ... more Photo : MIKE KANE Photo : MIKE KANE Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Legal , intense hallucinogen raises alarms / Salvia divinorum produces short , dreamlike experience 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Salvia divinorum is a bright , leafy green plant from Mexico that when chewed or smoked causes intense hallucinations comparable to LSD or " magic mushrooms . "
And it 's legal in California .
The drug is available all over the Bay Area , mostly in smoke shops and herbal stores .
It 's also sold over the Internet .
For $ 15 to $ 50 a hit , users get a high that sends them into a dream - like state for anywhere from a few minutes to an hour or two .
Unlike well - known illicit drugs such as marijuana or cocaine , salvia is not in widespread use .
It has n't caught the attention of state or local health departments .
San Francisco police said that while they 're aware of salvia , it 's not yet a problem .
But the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration has taken notice , and the drug has been outlawed in at least four states .
Legislation was introduced in California earlier this year to make it illegal .
The fear is that salvia seems to be appealing to a growing group of young people , drawn to the drug by the fact that it 's legal and natural .
" My friend told me he did cocaine , and salvia was more intense than that .
And it 's legal , so I figured it was n't as dangerous , " said Phuong , a 23 - year - old from San Jose who has tried salvia twice .
Phuong asked that her last name not be published because she did n't want people to know she had used the drug .
" Salvia could just be a flash in the pan , or it could turn into an important trend , " said John Mendelson , a senior scientist at the Research Institute at California Pacific Medical Center , where he is studying potential health benefits of salvia .
" This seems to be an aficionado drug right now , but the trajectory with things like that is it starts with a small group of adherents and spreads to larger groups with less controlled use .
" From my perspective , we have an incredibly unique opportunity to learn something before it hits widespread use . "
But Mendelson might have to move fast to keep ahead of looming government restrictions of salvia .
The DEA is monitoring salvia to decide whether it should be regulated or banned outright , and a California assemblyman introduced legislation to outlaw it after law enforcement agencies in Southern California reported increased use .
The legislation was voted down in committee in March , but Assemblyman Anthony Adams , R- Hesperia ( San Bernardino County ) , has pledged to bring it up again next year .
" It 's kind of terrifying that we are actively allowing commerce of a drug that has LSD - like qualities , " Adams said .
" Use of it is only going to get worse .
There is no way this drug is going to get less popular . "
Not a lot is known about salvia and its long - term effects , but most medical researchers agree that there do n't seem to be any immediate negative side effects of the drug , and they say it is highly unlikely that it is addictive .
The main concern of opponents to the drug is what people might do while they 're hallucinating -- get in a car , for example , or react violently to their surroundings .
A Rhode Island teenager claimed to be on salvia when he stabbed a friend , and the parents of a Louisiana teenager have said they believe their son killed himself because he was smoking salvia .
But neither incident has been definitely linked to the drug .
In the meantime , some researchers say salvia could have beneficial effects -- including uses treating depression or bipolar disorder -- and they worry that a federal ban of the drug would make it difficult to study its effect on human subjects .
Mendelson at California Pacific Medical Center is starting the first clinical trial of salvia next month , testing seven or eight people to see how much of the drug they must take before they start hallucinating .
Nearly all medical researchers say there is n't enough evidence to determine whether salvia is safe or not .
" Certainly it sounds like it could have potential for harm , " said Cathi Dennehy , a professor in the department of clinical pharmacy at UCSF .
" If you have something that 's causing people to have very intense , out - of - body experiences , that 's pretty concerning . "
But Jodie Trafton , an addiction specialist at Veterans Affairs Palo Alto Health Care System , said because the effects of salvia are brief -- often lasting just a few minutes , compared with LSD , which can cause hallucinations for many hours -- and because the drug is almost definitely nonaddictive , she doubts regulation will be necessary .
" People who use this are n't going to continue using it , " Trafton said .
" You 're never going to get more than low - level use .
And the effect is too short , so by the time somebody starts freaking out over the effects , it 's over .
It 's not something that 's going to bombard emergency rooms . "
Salvia divinorum is a species of sage , but is the only plant in the salvia family to cause hallucinations .
As a drug , it 's usually just known as salvia but goes by a variety of other names , including " Sally D " and " magic mint . "
The plant is grown primarily in Oaxaca , Mexico , where for decades it has been used by the Mazatec shamans in religious ceremonies -- thus the " divination " in the name .
The drug did n't reach the United States until the late 1980s or early 1990s , and even then it was n't widely available until five or six years ago .
It 's now also grown in California and other states , but is mostly imported from Mexico and Central and South America , and it comes in the form of fresh or dried leaves , whole plants , seeds or sometimes just a salvia extract .
In a 2004 study out of UCSF , Salvia divinorum was the second most - popular ingredient in legal recreational drugs sold on the Internet , behind only ephedra , a stimulant and dietary supplement that has since been outlawed .
Salvia is often sold on the Internet as the main ingredient in products that promise hallucinogenic effects , but it is more commonly used by itself .
A chemical found in salvia called salvinorin A causes hallucinations .
It is considered the most potent known natural hallucinogenic and is unique in how it reacts with the brain 's chemical receptors -- unlike most psychotropic drugs , salvinorin A does not react to serotonin receptors .
In fact , salvia 's similarity with LSD and mushrooms ends with hallucinations .
Even the hallucinogenic effect is different .
Rather than interacting with their environment -- LSD is known to intensify colors , smells and sounds , for example -- salvia users often report out - of - body experiences , during which they feel as though they are in a different place or time .
" It was about dusk , and I saw these little fairy homes that were nestled in the hillside , like Hobbit houses , " said Daniel Siebert , a Malibu biologist who is considered a worldwide expert on salvia , describing the first time he used it .
" Salvia will induce a hallucinatory state , but qualitatively it 's different from LSD and other hallucinogens .
The feelings it evokes are more dream - like , more natural .
It does n't feel like a drug . "
Siebert , like many salvia users , said he supports limited regulation of salvia , such as licensing dealers .
He sells salvia on the Internet , but he wo n't sell to minors and suggests users read up on the drug before trying it .
He worries that young people are using salvia without taking basic precautions , such as avoiding overly potent samples of the drug or taking it in an environment where they could endanger themselves .
He scoffs at the fairly recent popularity of salvia on YouTube , where young people on the drug have filmed themselves and their friends writhing on the ground within seconds of inhaling salvia from a pipe , only to recover a few minutes later .
" Those videos are certainly not going to help the situation .
They make salvia look like some horrible drug that makes people nuts and dangerous , " Siebert said .
" Certainly it 's a powerful substance , and if it 's used in a reckless way it can be a dangerous thing .
Having been a teenager , I can understand why there 's a certain thrill in doing crazy stuff like that .
" The sad thing is it creates this public image where people do n't realize there are sensible ways to use something like this . "
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook WASHINGTON 
It sounds like the plot for a scary B - movie : Germs go into space on a rocket and come back stronger and deadlier than ever .
Except , it really happened .
The germ : Salmonella , best known as a culprit of food poisoning .
The trip : Space Shuttle STS - 115 , September 2006 .
The reason : Scientists wanted to see how space travel affects germs , so they took some along — carefully wrapped — for the ride .
The result : Mice fed the space germs were three times more likely to get sick and died quicker than others fed identical germs that had remained behind on Earth .
" Wherever humans go , microbes go , you can't sterilize humans .
Wherever we go , under the oceans or orbiting the earth , the microbes go with us , and it 's important that we understand ... how they 're going to change , " explained Cheryl Nickerson , an associate professor at the Center for Infectious Diseases and Vaccinology at Arizona State University .
Nickerson added , in a telephone interview , that learning more about changes in germs has the potential to lead to novel new countermeasures for infectious disease .
She reports the results of the salmonella study in Tuesday 's edition of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The researchers placed identical strains of salmonella in containers and sent one into space aboard the shuttle , while the second was kept on Earth , under similar temperature conditions to the one in space .
After the shuttle returned , mice were given varying oral doses of the salmonella and then were watched .
After 25 days , 40 % of the mice given the Earth - bound salmonella were still alive , compared with just 10 % of those dosed with the germs from space .
And the researchers found it took about one - third as much of the space germs to kill half the mice , compared with the germs that had been on Earth .
The researchers found 167 genes had changed in the salmonella that went to space .
Why ?
" That 's the 64 million dollar question , " Nickerson said .
" We do not know with 100 % certainty what the mechanism is of space flight that 's inducing these changes . "
However , they think it 's a force called fluid shear .
" Being cultured in microgravity means the force of the liquid passing over the cells is low . "
The cells " are responding not to microgravity , but indirectly to microgravity in the low fluid shear effects . "
" There are areas in the body which are low shear , such as the gastrointestinal tract , where , obviously , salmonella finds itself , " she went on .
" So , it 's clear this is an environment not just relevant to space flight , but to conditions here on Earth , including in the infected host . "
She said it is an example of a response to a changed environment .
" These bugs can sense where they are by changes in their environment .
The minute they sense a different environment , they change their genetic machinery so they can survive , " she said .
The research was supported by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , Louisiana Board of Regents , Arizona Proteomics Consortium , National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences , Southwest Environmental Health Sciences Center , National Institutes of Health and the University of Arizona .
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
This is a videoclip teaser from the bonusmaterial on the DVD - version of Michel Moores movie .
This clip was left out of the original movie because it was said to be " unbelivable " and " people wouldnt belive it " because it was too good to be true .
The movie " Sicko " is know for its critque of the US healthcare system and it praised systems in Canada , Uk and France .
This praise reaped a storm of protests through the media and big coorporations but as you will see in this video , those countries who were told to be " not as good as MM ( michel moore ) told them to be " , is nothing compared to the legal system and state welfare we have in Norway .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A New York woman has been added to the number of victims killed in the attack on the World Trade Center , in the first confirmed death from dust generated by the collapse of the twin towers .
Smoke and debris fill the air after one of the World Trade Center towers in New York City collapsed September 11 , 2001 .
A New York woman has been added to the number of victims killed in the attack on the World Trade Center , in the first confirmed death from dust generated by the collapse of the twin towers .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
New York City ’s medical examiner determined this week that Felicia Dunn - Jones ’ exposure to dust on September 11 , 2001 , “ contributed to her death ” five months later .
The attorney , 42 , worked near the World Trade Center and ran through the thick clouds of dust as she fled from the collapsing towers .
She developed a cough and breathing problems four months later , and died on February 10 , 2002 .
The addition of Dunn - Jones brings the official total number of September 11 victims in New York to 2,750 , Medical Examiner Charles Hirsch said in a statement .
The medical examiner ’s office “ has thus concluded that Mrs. Dunn - Jones ’ exposure to World Trade Center dust on 9/11/01 contributed to her death and it has been ruled a homicide , ” the statement said .
By linking the toxic dust to Dunn - Jones ’ death , Hirsch could open the door to attributing more deaths in New York to the attacks .
U.S. Rep. Carolyn Maloney , a New York Democrat who called on the medical examiner to review the case , believes there are at least eight other people who died from the asbestos - laden dust , her spokesman Joe Soldevere said .
Hirsch ’s spokeswoman , Ellen Borakove , said she did not have any information on other cases that might be reviewed .
Residents and workers near the Trade Center were reassured by the Environmental Protection Agency in the days following the September 11 attacks that the air was safe , but dust samples taken by the EPA at the time were found to contain dangerous levels of asbestos .
About 70 percent of the thousands of rescue workers who sorted through the debris suffered respiratory problems , according to a study by Mount Sinai Medical Center released last year .
The September 11 death toll , not including the hijackers , also includes 184 killed when a plane flew into the Pentagon and 40 killed in a plane that crashed into the ground in Pennsylvania .
The most strange anomalies in medicine , all of them are rare diseases with bizarre signs and symptoms .
Some of them have already been described in MedTempus .
I indicate so with links .
They are ordered from greater to smaller frequency .
10 - Congenital insensitivity to pain
Frequency : 100 documented cases in U.S.A .
The frequency in other countries is unknown and it is usually undiagnosed .
Cause : Recently discovered .
It is caused by a mutation in a gene implicated in the synthesis of a type of sodium channel which is mainly located in neurons associated with the reception and transmission of pain stimulus .
Description :
They are totally normal people in the sense of touch and in the sensibility of cool , heat , pressure and tickling .
However , with a normal act wich would cause pain ( as to nail a needle ) it does not cause them any painful sensation .
As a result of this , they usually die younger by traumatism and several injuries because of their lack of pain perception .
They must be under supervision in early ages so that they can´t injure themselves .
9 -Moebius Syndrome
Frequency : Around 80 documented cases in Spain , 200 in U.K …
In Europe , around 300 kids appear with this syndrome each year .
Cause : Unknown .
Nobody knows if those that are affected in the origine of the disesase are nerves , brain stem or muscles .
Many and varied hypothesis but without proofs that confirm them .
Description : Because some face nerves are not developed , the people who are born with this syndrome lack face expression .
They cannot smile , frown , move the eyes laterally or control the blinking .
They are often found sleeping with the open eyes .
They have great difficulties in sucking , swallowing , speaking and any activity in which are implied muscles of the face .
8 - True Hermaphroditism
Frequency : Around 500 documented cases in the world .
The real frequency in the population is not known .
Cause : Hermaphrodites are chimeras .
It is caused by the fusion of two zygotes of differente sex .
That is to say , a first spermatozoid would fertilize a ovum and , later , another spermatozoid would fertilize another ovum .
The zygotes that would be formed and that were destined to being twins , end up fusing and becoming an only individual that , genetically , is woman and man at the same time .
It is unknown why that fusion of zygotes takes place .
Description : Hermaphrodites have both testicular and ovarian tissue .
These two can be mixed , wich is called ovotestis or be separated elements , on the one hand a testicle and on the other an ovary .
The external genitals are ambiguous and have components of both sexes .
Hermaphrodites can have femenine or masculine appearance .
7 - Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva
Frequency : 200-300 documented cases around the world .
This anomaly is often undiagnosed .
It is estimated that one case appears in two million births .
Cause : Unknown .
It is a disease with autosomal dominant inheritance .
Several genes in charge to synthesize bone growth factors are implied .
Description :
Any small injury to connective tissue ( muscles , ligaments , and tendons ) can result in the formation of hard bone around the damaged site .
Children are born with a characteristic malformation of the great toes and begin to develop heterotopic ( extra ) bone formation during early childhood .
Eventually , a second skeleton begins to form that severely restricts mobility .
In many cases , injuries can cause joints to become permanently frozen in place .
The growths cannot be removed with surgery because such removal causes the body to « repair » the area of surgery with more bone .
Frequency : Between 200-300 well - known cases all around the world .
For being cause of sudden death it is thought that the well - known cases are only the tip of iceberg and that , in fact , 1 baby of each 200,000 which they are born could have this disease .
Cause : Partially known .
The main cause is one or several mutations of PHOX2B gene with Autosomal Dominant Inheritance .
The mechanisms of the involuntary breathing do not work properly .
When sleeping , the chemical receptores that receive signals ( low oxygen or the increase of carbon dioxide in blood ) do not get to transmite the necessary nervous signals so that the breathing occurs .
Description :
In slightest forms of Ondine ’s Curse , the patient will be able to continue living but , because of unrestful sleep by the lack of oxygen , during the day he will be sleepy , gotten tired easily .
He will have headaches , increase of the red cell levels …
The most serious forms , in which to sleep means a certain death , usually appear from the birth , and most of newborns die without knowing the cause .
Nevertheless , in those people in which the disease has gotten worse progressively and get to risk life whenever they sleep , it is usually treated with assisted ventilation during the night .
Even so , in spite of all those treatments , any mistake to remain slept without the indicated oxygen therapy , will mean the death .
5 - Proteus Syndrome
Frequency :
At the moment , 200 documented cases all around the world .
It seems that a case apperars by more of a million births .
Cause : Unknown .
Authors defend that it is probably caused by a somatic mosaicism of a lethal dominant gene .
Other authors suggest that it is caused by a recombination in the embryo , giving rise to three types of cells : Normal cells , cells of minimum growth and cells of excessive growth .
Description : Exists a great amount of cutaneous and subcutaneous malformations , with hyperpigmentation , vascular malformations and irregular growth of bones .
Partial gigantism of the limbs and the excessive growth of the fingers whereas some zones of the body grow less that what they would have .
All of this causes an extreme disfigurement of the person who oftehn are socially .
Josep Merrick , the famous “ Elephant Man ” , suffered from this syndrome .
4 - Progeria ( Hutchinson - Gilford Syndrome )
Frequency : Around 100 documented cases .
It seems that appears a case of progeria by each 8 million births , although could be greater since it is n’t diagnosed many times .
Cause : Partially Known .
Most of the cases of progeria take place by mutations of autosomal dominant inheritance in LMNA gene .
This gene participates in the maintenance of nuclear stability and the organization of chromatin .
It could also take part in the regulation of genetic expression , synthesis and repair of DNA
Description : People with progeria age very quickly from the childhood .
When they are newborns they have a totally normal appearance but they are growing more and more slowly that the other children and develop a very characteristic face expression .
The lose their hair , acquire wrinkles and suffer a severe damage on the arteries ( atherosclerosis ) that cause the death in the first years of adolescence .
Frequency : Around 100 documented cases all around the world .
Cause :
It is n´t well known .
Some scientists think it is caused by a mutation of the genes that produce the cellular death that were detined to create a tail .
Description :
It is observed the presence of a vestigial tail in the final zone of the sacral bone .
This tail is compound of conective tissue , muscles , blood vessels , nerves , skin , vertebrae and cartilage .
2 - Parasite Twin ( Fetus in Fetus )
Frequency : Around 100 documented cases around the world .
Cause :
It is a exaggerated case of siamese twins .
Two twins don´t get to separate completely when they are zygotes and they are united by some zone .
One of these twins grows healthy whereas the other degenerates , remaining inside the healthy twin and depending completely on him .
It is unkown why these twins don´t separate correctly .
Description :
When the host fetus is able to survive the childbirth , this one can show a swelling up in the zone where the parasitic fetus locates itself .
80 % of
times , they are in the abdominal region , but also in skull , sacral region , scrotum …
It can grow unnoticed , at the beginning .
Later , the parasitic fetus will continue to grow at the same time the host does .
When making imaga tests , the organs are observed in places where the wouldn´t have to exist .
Although tiny legs , arms , fingers , hair or any other element of the fetus can be seen if he has developed them .
There aren´t two equal cases of fetus in fetus , since parasitic fetus can locate themselves in very different zones in host fetus and , therefore , the growth and elements that has gotten to develop will be variable .
There are very developed parasitic fetuses and others that only have a little number of organs .
Frequency : 40 - 50 documented cases around the world from its discovery .
The natural incidence ( without counting the cases in families ) is considered in a case between 1 billion or one by 10 billion inhabitants .
Cause : Unknown .
Some scientists state that it is caused by a mutation with autosomal dominant inheritance .
The majority is caused by familiar inheritance and , very rarely , the mutation occurs spontaneously .
Description : People who suffer from it are completely covered in
Lanugo is the thin and off - white hair that appears in newborn in their shoulders and arms and that normally disappears after the first month from the birth .
In those who suffer from this syndrome lanugo persists and can grow forever or dissapear over the years .
lanugo hair except in the palms of their feet and hands .
The maximum hair lenght that has been documented is about 25 centimeters .
Counterterror head says US not ' tactically ' safer following invasion of Iraq David Edwards and Jason Rhyne
Published : Monday October 15 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
The director of the National Counterterrorism Center , the primary US organization responsible for analyzing terror threats , told NBC News that the nation is probably not " tactically " safer from the threat of terrorism following the invasion of Iraq .
Asked by reporter Richard Engel if the war in Iraq had created a " giant recruiting tool " for terrorists , Center head Scott Redd said that " in the short term , that is probably true .
But the question is you 've got to look at this , I believe , in the long term strategic view . "
" Tactically , probably not , " Redd said in response to a question about whether the US is generally safer after having invaded Iraq .
" Strategically , we 'll wait and see . "
An investigation by Engel into the motives of accused terrorists in Iraq -- many of whom previously held ordinary jobs prior to the US invasion -- indicated that America 's presence in the country was a motivating factor in inspiring attacks .
Interviewing prisoners at a police detention center in Baghdad , Engel found that " to a man , each one says that it 's the American occupation of Iraq that has driven him to violence . "
" An aggressor occupied my country , destroyed it and made millions refugees .
It is an honor to fight this , " said one detainee , a construction company owner who admittedly attacked US troops .
" The US says this is war is part of a global war on terrorism , " said another man , an imprisoned engineer .
" But people here say the war has increased fanaticism and brought terrorism to Iraq . "
" It 's the same message Al Qaeda fighters and supporters have told NBC News in Jordan , Syria , Lebanon and Saudi Arabia , " Engel 's report continued .
" But in Washington a month ago , we found a completely different message . "
In a conversation with chief White House counterterrorism advisor Fran Townsend , the reporter was told that the US was not at an increased security risk because of Iraq .
" The threat level would have continued regardless of whether or not we were in Iraq , and in some ways I think the threat level would have been worse , because we would have had them there , " said Townsend .
" It would have been worse had we not invaded Iraq ? " Engel clarified .
" Absolutely , " Townsend said .
In an interview with MSNBC about his investigation , Engel said that his conversations with Middle East terrorists indicate that the war has " given a whole new younger generation a fight that they can go to . "
" Iraq , they can actually come here , they can take part in it and then go back to their home countries , " he said .
" According to analysts we have spoken to and members of the organizations , they say the war in Iraq has helped Al Qaeda tremendously . "
The following video clips are from NBC Nightly News , broadcast on October 14 , and MSNBC's News Live , broadcast on October 15 .
Advertisements
Want a gift card ?
Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey !
After a month of development , IronLisp will be made public later today .
I am pretty happy with the progress I have made , but there has been a few hickups too .
IronLisp will be hosted at http://www.codeplex.com/IronLisp.
For now it will contain very little infomation , but the latest code will be downloadable from the ‘ source code ’ tab .
Anyone wanting to help out / contribute with development can contact me , or just supply a patch ( if that is easier ) .
If you are really serious , I will consider making you part of the project team :) .
The state of the current source :
1. Macros has not been implemented , and hence does not work ( I hope to get this finished by the weekend ) .
2. ‘ let ’ behaves like the Scheme version , but does not support ‘ named let ’ .
3 . No ‘ with ’ , use ‘ let ’ instead .
4. No ‘ nconc’ , use ‘ append ’ .
5 . Although previously stated that IronLisp will not have a ‘ cons ’ class , it does infact have one now .
All the ‘ cons ’ operations do work on IEnumerable though .
6 . The source of the DLR is almost exactly the same as the latest IronPython release , but does include an enhancement , and 2 bug fixes ( althought the latter is just used in debugging ) .
7. Passing a single argument to ‘ subtract ’ eg (- a ) will negate the value .
Most of the other implemented operations works like they do in LSharp .
I hope this implementation will be a good introductory platform for using the DLR to shape your own scripting languages .
Thanks and enjoy 🙂
Click to view
As we 're all aware by now , Safari is now available for Windows .
So the question is , is there any compelling reason you might want to switch from the venerable Firefox to Safari ?
Advertisement
The Safari feature most - touted by Steve Jobs at the WWDC keynote was its speed , claiming Safari beats out Internet Explorer and Firefox at rendering web pages .
According to Wired , however , that 's not necessarily the case .
To its credit , though , Safari does have several enviable features .
Rather than suggesting anyone move to Safari ( why would we do that ? ) , here 's a list of Safari 's best features and the Firefox extensions that bring them to our favorite browser .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lifehacker photo gallery thumbnails require Javascript ; if you 're viewing this in an RSS reader , click here to see the .... photo gallery in a Javascript - enabled web browser .
Advertisement
The only feature of Safari's that I really liked but was unable to find a strong Firefox replacement for was Safari 's new inline search highlighting , which really is incredible .
In comparison I 'd call Firefox 's default inline search highlighting tool pretty good .
Luckily Firefox also has several more inline search options that Safari is completely missing , so Firefox still wins out in the end .
If you 've got a killer Safari feature that you want to defend ( or one that you want to find a Firefox replacement for ) , let 's hear it in the comments .
There ’s no better time to teach someone about just how much government regulation sucks than when they ’re an 11 year old girl running a lemonade stand :
H/T : Lew Rockwell
When I was a kid I imagined that every intersection was a contest .
It was me on a bike versus the cars to see who could get across faster .
I would time the light the other direction and jump on the pedal of my Raleigh at the precise moment I got a green .
In my head was an announcer doing a very professional job of casting the race .
And as impartial as he was supposed to be , really he was rooting for me and found excuses for the times I lost .
Usually I won , though , because I was really fucking good at racing old ladies in Datsun B -210s for 60 feet .
I could usually be across before they even noticed the light had changes .
I came out of that phase , partly because it was pretty lame , but mostly because I grew up .
I found more important things to occupy my time , such as my parent 's nightly arguments or whether balloons filled with water were good tactile approximations of boobies .
Besides , it 's not like anyone else cared about my bicycling .
If they did , they 'd have to be pretty damn weird .
There was n't going to be an ESPN show about bike - car intersection drag racing .
I know , I pitched the idea , along with the " pedal cam " , a tiny video camera strapped to the end of the crank and taping the traffic while rotating in tiny circles .
It was fucking rad , even if it did make you queasy .
While I watched the new documentary The King of Kong , I thought about the petty little contest I made up just so I could be champion of something , no matter how pointless .
That 's what this movie is about , that there is competition for everyone , no matter how banal and trivial , and that no matter what level , some people will take it way too seriously .
The movie is so fucking good I would eat my own shit to see it again .
Ah , hell , who am I kidding ?
There are several things that could convince me to eat my own shit : especially the Tavern 's " Free Beer if You Eat Your Own Shit " happy hour .
Still , that 's pretty heady company for a non-fiction movie about grown men obsessed with the video games of their childhoods .
In particular , it is about the pursuit of a world record for " Donkey Kong " , a game from the early eighties about a giant ape who has stolen Mario 's girlfriend , and the player has to navigate through several construction sites and a pie factory to rescue her .
Over and over and over .
A movie about old guys playing old video games does n't sound very interesting .
Well , except to the people in this movie .
That 's because they live in a bizarre , insular world , where who holds the world records at Joust , Defender , Q - Bert and Ms. Pac - Man are not only important , but are the center of the universe .
The movie features a cast of true - life weirdos and loners who are almost all men , almost all virgins , almost all social misfits and almost all so reduced to insignificance in the real world that they have retreated to this weird , competitive club where who can shoot the most space aliens in a 25 - year old game defines manhood and courage .
Just think about this : somewhere in this country right now there is a middle - aged man playing Mappy , not for fun , but to define his worth .
Lording over the cavalcade of social freaks is Walter Day , who runs an organization called Twin Galaxies .
It documents and verifies world records in video games .
Walter is a ghost of a man , pasty , hollow - eyed , perpetually exhausted and consumed by his organization .
It 's probably the only place in the world where he 's relevant .
He thinks it 's still 1982 and actually says he always wanted to be the guy whose high scores at Centipede the pretty girls noticed .
These days he wears a referee jersey while officiating gaming tournaments .
In The King of Kong , the world of Day and many other sad little men is centered on adulation for a world - class asshole named Billy Mitchell .
Mitchell wears cheap , patriotic ties that you might see on the clearance rack at Wal - Mart , has a mullet he blow - dries and fusses over , and a weasely face .
He runs a chicken - wing shack , sells hot wing sauce and thinks he 's pretty big shit .
He looks like he's had at least one bitchin ' Camaros in his past .
He talks easily about how great and clever he thinks he is , even though his accomplishments do n't extend beyond old video games .
He does n't do anything that wo n't directly reflect glory on himself .
He also holds multiple records at video games , including Donkey Kong .
The world of King of Kong is filled with men who can talk at length about " kill screens " and can't come to the phone in the middle of a rousing game of Ladybug .
There is one eighty - year - old woman who 's champion of Q - Bert , but she never achieves her true potential because she gets distracted by bingo .
In this sad crowd , Mitchell is idolized .
I doubt any of the other gamers spend a whole lot of time thinking about what an asshole he is .
He has what they want , which is fame within their insular world .
To a guy like lonely , nervous Bill Kuh , who considers himself Mitchell 's protege , there is no greater achievement in life .
So Mitchell is the villain .
The hero is Steve Wiebe , a mild - mannered man from Washington who revived his love for Donkey Kong after losing his job a few years ago .
Wiebe is a total - outsider to the creepy world of serious gamers .
He is almost normal ; hell , the man has a wife and kids , which are two things most of the others can never hope to have .
Losing his job shook him , and being the best at Donkey Kong is a way to get his confidence back .
Wiebe is obsessive - compulsive and meticulous .
When he decides he wants to hold the world record in Donkey Kong , he thrusts himself into a world he could not possibly have anticipated .
Anyway , I had no idea this subculture of virginal , pasty nuts with their own lingo and rivalries existed .
He moves a game console into his garage and practices for hours , eventually beating Billy Mitchell 's best score .
That brings the wrath of Billy Mitchell , who , under the fabulous mullet , is insanely insecure .
Under his coercion , Twin Galaxies sends people to tear apart Wiebe 's game console , looking for an excuse to disqualify Wiebe .
They can't find anything obviously wrong , but concoct a conspiracy theory involving Mitchell 's longtime nemesis , Roy " Mr. Awesome " Schildt , who gave a gameboard to Wiebe .
Mr. Awesome is a swell foil .
He once self - produced a video called Mr. Awesome 's Guide to Getting Girls where he dressed up as Patton and preached about " poontang " while standing in front of the American flag .
He also has a Pontiac Firebird with lightning bolts taped to it called the Awesomemobile .
He 's actually one of the more socially normal people in competitive gaming .
Twin Galaxies subsequently voided Wiebe 's record .
Mitchell waxes poetic about how records should be set in person , with a referee and audience .
And what follows is a pattern of Wiebe traveling across the country to legitimize his record and Mitchell trying very hard to avoid him , and manipulating behind the scenes to discredit him , including submitting a questionable videotape of a new record as soon as Wiebe undisputably tops him in front of Walter Day .
And back and forth , but mostly with Mitchell acting like an insecure pussy who wo n't compete in public .
Twin Galaxies serves only to benefit Mitchell because he is , in his greasy visage , the closest thing they have to a rock star .
What 's incredible is that although Wiebe is an outsider , his decency wins over Mitchell 's sycophants .
By the end of the movie , Mitchell 's spell has largely been broken and his former followers openly root for and admire Wiebe for the decent guy he is .
Walter Day even apologizes for how shitty he 's treated him .
The King of Kong is the best fucking movie I 've seen this year .
Easily .
Ultimately it 's the story of modesty and hard work eventually winning .
I may not have either virture , but at least I can respect them .
This is the story of an outsider trying to enter and conquer a world of strange men afraid of outsiders , especially those with lives .
It 's a battle between a man who wants to be treated fairly and a horde who want to preserve their little paradise .
By the end , I was rooting so damn hard for Wiebe that I nearly cried when Mitchell 's machinations once again denied him the record .
Sure , Wiebe 's a little obsessed with Donkey Kong , but he 's such an unassuming guy , and he does n't wear hideous ties , gloat , brag or flip his hair over his shoulder .
Like his young daughter points out about the Guiness Book of World Records , " Some people will ruin their lives to be in that book . "
Wiebe is the guy who wo n't , and he 's up against a lot of people who will .
Rock fans and the music industry have watched with great interest as Radiohead offered downloads of its latest album , “ In Rainbows , ” to the world at the vaguest of price points .
Allowed to pay whatever they wanted , how many would jump at the chance to pay zero ?
One study concluded that the early answer was 62 percent , a larger - than - the - optimists - expected group that we learned today included none other than the band ’s frontman , Thom Yorke .
“ I downloaded it for nothing , obviously , ” he told the BBC .
Jaws dropped .
“ Obviously ” ?
Is the singer in league with the freeloaders , the very group that threatens to sink the whole music industry ?
Et tu , Thom Yorke ?
Well , not exactly .
Mr. Yorke said that in his case , paying for the album would have been an empty gesture .
“ There was n’t any point , ” he said .
“ I just move some money from one pocket to the other . ”
Radiohead was so intent on keeping the album from leaking to illegal downloading sites — a near certainty these days — that , according to the band ’s guitarist , Ed O’Brien , they decided “ to literally tell no one ” about their plans .
“ I did n’t tell my wife we were going to release it like this , ” he continued .
Keeping secrets from his wife ?
What kind of family man is that ?
Well , the kind who spent $ 800 more than his lead singer did , buying ten special boxed sets of the new album .
Why ?
He has a big family , he told the BBC .
With the help of a supercomputer and a clever algorithm , scientists can now pinpoint how specific viral mutations allow HIV to hide from the body ’s defences , and thereby wreak havoc within cells .
The researchers believe that their new study provides a “ cheat - sheet ” detailing the stealthy moves the virus can make , and that their results could therefore help other researchers develop an effective AIDS vaccine .
Because the human immune system cannot easily monitor what is occurring inside our cells , it relies on proteins called human leukocyte antigens , or HLAs to help keep track of this activity .
HLAs help with this detective work by picking up protein fragments within cells and bringing them to the cell surface , where the immune system can decide if something is going wrong inside the cell .
So , for example , an HLA protein might pick up fragments of HIV and present these bits at the surface , prompting the immune system to destroy the cell .
The big problem is that HIV can mutate rapidly within the body , enabling it to escape detection by certain HLA variants .
Advertisement
To make matters even more complicated , 500 different variations of HLA exist in the human population – individuals inherit one form of the molecule from each parent .
So knowing how well an individual ’s immune system will detect and destroy a certain mutated form of HIV becomes a tricky task .
Linking vulnerabilities
Zabrina Brumme of the Partners AIDS Research Center in Boston , Massachusetts , US and her collaborators decided to use maths to shed some light on this complex problem .
They began their study by taking blood samples from about 700 HIV - infected individuals in Canada .
In general , the volunteers in the trial had been infected for at least five years , but had only just shown signs of a weakened immune system .
For this reason , when they donated their blood samples for the experiment , none of them had yet started taking antiretroviral drugs .
So any mutations researchers found in the virus represented HIV trying to evade the immune system , rather than it developing resistance to medication .
Brumme and her colleagues analysed the virus fragments in the blood samples and determined the genetic sequence of the HIV within each person .
They also identified each individual ’s HLA type .
Next , they turned to 250 linked - up computers to run a complex statistical analysis to understand how people with certain HLA types are more vulnerable to specific variants of HIV .
Brumme says it would have taken a standard desktop computer at least a year to run the same calculation .
Importantly , the sophisticated statistics allowed researchers to control for other factors besides HLA type that would influence the prevalence of certain HIV strains .
Defeating HIV diversity
The number - crunching linked up specific changes in the HIV sequence with certain HLA types .
For example , people with HLA type B57 are prone to developing HIV strains that code for the amino acid glutamic acid inside of valine at position 245 in the viral sequence .
Brume says that the information from the study will help scientists in their quest to create a vaccine against HIV infection .
“ One of the major challenges that HIV researchers face is the massive diversity of this virus , ” she says .
Knowing which versions of the virus will trigger the immune system , and which ones will successfully evade it , is important when designing a vaccine , Brumme explains .
Vaccines succeed only when they stimulate an immune response .
Journal reference : PLoS Pathogens ( DOI :10.1371/journal.ppat.0030094 )
HIV and AIDS – Learn more about the worst pandemic in human history in our continuously updated special report .
Find the Bug
Here ’s a pretty tricky bug I hunted down yesterday , with the help of oerjan on #haskell .
If you were n’t there to see , it ’s a lot of fun .
Here ’s the code :
foo n = product [ 24 - n .. 23 ] ` div ` product [ 1 .. n ] bar n = length ( takeWhile (( < 1000000 ) . foo ) [ 1 .. n ] ) baz n = if bar n == n then n else bar n
And here ’s the result :
cdsmith@devtools:~/haskell/projects$ ghci Strange.hs GHCi , version 6.7.20070703 : http://www.haskell.org/ghc/ :? for help [ 1 of 1 ] Compiling Main ( Strange.hs , interpreted )
Ok , modules loaded : Main .
* Main > bar 10 9 * Main > baz 10 10
The question :
Why does bar 10 evaluate to something different from baz 10 ?
By looking at the definition of baz , you might convince yourself that baz and bar do the same thing .
Apparently not .
Scroll down for the answer .
The problem is numeric overflow .
The standard library length function has a result type of Int .
The intermediate result in foo is too large to fit in the data type Int .
The bar function has type forall a .
Integral a => a ->
Int .
When calling bar directly , this is n’t a problem because the argument defaults to type Integer and foo is evaluated entirely in arbitrary precision numbers .
However , when baz is evaluated , there is a comparison bar n == n , so the result of bar must have the same type as its argument .
The result is known to be Int because the return type of bar is not polymorphic .
So the argument n must also be of type Int .
Then foo ' s inferred type is Int ->
Int , which causes the overflow .
All clear now ?
If one wanted to take a lesson from this , it would be one of the following :
Be careful with types .
General purpose functions like length should n’t use dangerous types like Int .
should n’t use dangerous types like .
Int should be made less dangerous by throwing an exception on overflow .
Let ’s take a poll : which lesson do you draw from it ?
Post in the comments .
The Cassini spacecraft , which has been circling Saturn for the past three years , has captured new views of Titan 's surface , including the first radar images of what appear to be lakes near the moon 's south pole .
Titan is famous for what scientists interpret as liquid hydrocarbon lakes , the only such structures known outside of earth .
Scientists believe that the surface of Titan looks a bit like upper Minnesota , with small and large lakes scattered across the landscape .
But you would n't want to go swimming in them : they 're believed to be filled with methane .
" The lakes appear to be in varying states of fullness , suggesting their involvement in a complex hydrologic system akin to Earth 's water cycle , " said Alex Hayes , a graduate student who studies Cassini radar data at Cal Tech .
Scientists have been mapping the northern pole for a year and a half .
More than 60 % of Titan 's northern polar region has now been charted .
The southern polar region , on the other hand , had been undiscovered territory .
Now
Cassini has sent back the first images of the region , prompting a giddy NASA
scientist to exclaim , " We wanted to see if there are more lakes present there and , sure enough , there they are , three little lakes smiling back at us . "
See Also :
Meanwhile , in Saturnian Orbit
The article Passwords : The Weakest Link references a 25 year old research work on the efficacy of passwords :
In the pre-Internet Age of 1979 , when storage was measured in the number of bits that could fit on a foot of magnetic tape , a seminal paper on password security found that a third of users ' passwords could be broken in less than five minutes .
This article was written in 2002 , and the password security picture has n't improved at all in the intervening 23 years :
When a regional health care company called in network protection firm Neohapsis to find the vulnerabilities in its systems , the Chicago - based security company knew a sure place to look .
Retrieving the password file from one of the health care company 's servers , the consulting firm put " John the Ripper , " a well - known cracking program , on the case .
While well - chosen passwords could take years -- if not decades -- of computer time to crack , it took the program only an hour to decipher 30 percent of the passwords for the nearly 10,000 accounts listed in the file .
" Just about every company that we have gone into , even large multinationals , has a high percentage of accounts with easily ( cracked ) passwords , " said Greg Shipley , director of consulting for Neohapsis .
" We have yet to see a company whose employees do n't pick bad passwords . "
When there 's no measurable improvement in password security between 1979 and 2005 , clearly we are n't dealing with a technology problem .
We 're dealing with a people problem .
Passwords are fundamentally broken because they are n't compatible with typical human behavior :
The only defense is to make passwords nearly impossible to guess , but such strength requires that the password be selected in a totally random fashion .
That 's a tall order for humans , said David Evans , an assistant professor of computer science at the University of Virginia .
" When humans make passwords , ( they ) are not very good at making up randomness , " he said .
Furthermore , because people usually have several passwords to keep track of , locking user accounts with random , but difficult - to - remember , strings of characters such as " wX%95qd ! " is a recipe for a support headache .
" The idea is to make something that is easy to remember but that will make up a good password , " he said .
Many security administrators focus their efforts on teaching users how to use various mnemonics to create strong , but memorable , passwords .
A common technique takes the first or last letter of each word in a saying or phrase familiar to the user .
For example , by using random capitalization and substituting some punctuation marks and digits for letters , " Friends do n't let friends give tech advice " might become " fD! Fg7a . "
The education does n't seem to be sticking , and the password problem is getting worse as the percentage of less - tech - savvy computer users increases .
I do n't have a solution to the password problem , but there is one thing we can do to improve the usability and security of passwords dramatically .
We have to encourage users to stop thinking of passwords as single words , and start thinking of them as pass phrases .
The worst imaginable pass phrase ( eg , " this is my secret password " ) is many times more secure than an average single word password ( eg , " god123 " ) .
And it 's easier to remember .*
As a developer , you need to do your part , too :
Absolutely , positively make sure your applications support a password field length of at least 128 unicode characters .
In the user interface for defining the password , remind the user that password does n't literally mean a word .
Give several examples of pass phrases directly alongside the entry field .
It 's absolutely imperative that we educate the users -- how else will they know there 's some other way to deal with that input box ?
The greatest long term security threat is n't hackers .
It 's the perpetuation of the braindead 8 - 16 character password length limitation , and the idea that passwords are single words .
* unfortunately , not easier to type , but neither is " X74@&z3 ! " .
What are you gonna do ?
So after all the uproar and lawsuits over Best Buy 's secret in - store intranet , which looked exactly like the external bestbuy.com site but lacked sale prices and other discounts , the company has responded in the lamest way possible : by putting a warning label on the in - store kiosks .
The warning will say something like " THIS KIOSK DISPLAYS IN - STORE PRICES - WHICH MAY DIFFER FROM NATIONAL INTERNET PRICES , " and advise customers to see a sales associate if they have any questions .
It 's still unclear why the company wo n't just do the right thing and match its own listed prices , but we 're willing to bet the suits are patting themselves on the back for their innovative , out - of - the - box solution .
Martinis for all !
Special to IFP
by Mikael Rudolph – cofounder , ImpeachforPeace.org
Relying on the old credo that one wins more bees with honey than with vinegar , I came bearing gifts .
Immediately upon meeting Bill Harper , Chief of Staff for Representative Betty McCollum ( D - MN 4th ) in her St. Paul offices today I handed him a humorous button I thought would fit with his political perspective and a DVD copy of the Bill Moyers ’ Journal episode on PBS featuring impeachment advocates John Nichols and Bruce Fein .
Nichols wrote “ The Genius of Impeachment ” and Fein wrote the first article of impeachment against President Bill Clinton .
It is the strongest discussion on record to date for impeachment in our estimation .
Mr. Harper first listened very patiently and earnestly without interrupting my train of thought even once for nearly ten minutes as I laid out my and our case in favor of impeachment and why we encouraged Rep. McCollum to support impeachment efforts of both Vice President Cheney and President Bush .
This set a great tone for what wound up being a 75 minute one - on - one face - to - face meeting of deep reflection and analysis of the nation ’s painful and destructive last seven years as well as a calm debate on the relative merits of the various possible courses of action in response to best facilitate healing and recovery .
While not disputing or disagreeing with any of my assertions directly and appearing to agree with much of what I had to say , Mr. Harper responded on behalf of Rep.
McCollum by saying that she is very conscious of the fact that the Democrats in the House of Representatives , who now hold a strong majority there feel “ accountable ” and responsible for the direction of the country , not just in the short term , but over the next years and decades and that this broad overview affects their immediate choices in dealing with the Bush Administration as well as their Republican peers in Congress .
Mr. Harper equated the recent shift in the nation ’s political perspective as reflected in the Democratic party gains in the 2006 mid-term elections to a giant ship just now beginning to change course and that any nationwide change is a complicated , cumbersome and time - consuming process .
We agreed that we all need to admit that we “ let happen ” the Bush years by not doing enough to elect better officials and by not insisting upon stronger election integrity safeguards sooner .
I , however , noted that we must be very careful not to rebuild upon a cracked foundation or “ paint an eggshell ” in our hurry to repair damage wrought by misguided Bush misleadership .
In retrospect , the analogy of attempting to right a ship with gaping holes in her hull threatening her constitution and thus her ability to remain seaworthy may have been more in keeping with his chosen analogy .
A new helmsman at the tiller or even an entirely new crew alone is not the answer .
The damage is not repaired .
There are gaping holes in our constitution .
We are taking on water .
This nation desperately needs the ‘ drydock ’ repairs of impeachment investigations to be restored to ‘ seaworthiness ’ in order to return to the tumultuous oceans of all the usual domestic and global troubles – all exacerbated by this disastrous Presidency – not to mention the potential new ‘ perfect storm ’ of another 9/11 - type attack .
He noted Rep. McCollum ’s “ focus on kids and health care ” and other related domestic needs of her local constituents ( mostly in St. Paul ) as well as her defined roles accorded to her by appointments to the prestigious and powerful House Appropriations Committee ( budget and spending ) and the Government Oversight and Reform Committee while also expressing fears that impeachment hearings would become a “ mobilizer ” for the Republican voter base , thus costing votes and maybe elections in 2008 .
In essence , he conveyed the fears of many Democrats that the “ opportunity costs ” of choosing to pursue impeachment could be reflected in both domestic legislation not passed and elections lost .
He also noted that “ we are talking about two impeachments ” , which is a facet of the common argument that there is n’t enough time .
I did n’t confront that argument in our meeting but Clinton ’s impeachment process lasted four months and Nixon resigned less than three months from the beginning of his impeachment hearings .
Impeachment could have been a wonderful Christmas present to the nation if begun in September .
Impeachment of Cheney would in effect be the impeachment of both as their activities are inextricably bound , so a second impeachment would take considerably less time than the first .
I did my best to counter the “ it ’ll hurt election chances ” fears in stating that the vote at the end of impeachment hearings in the House could not be known in advance and that if the evidence and testimony about the multiple crimes and misdemeanors committed by multiple past and present members of the Bush Administration were to see the antiseptic light and feel the effects of fresh air that only full revelation of the ugly truth can bring , citizens would be clamoring for impeachment and removal from office of the perpetrators .
House members would feel greatly increased pressure and lobbying from constituents to support impeachment once fully apprised of the spectrum of crimes and misdemeanors that most Americans are as of yet unaware of .
It is my view and that of our organization that once full disclosure of the depth and magnitude of the criminal activity of the White House pierced the corporate media shield into the frontal lobe of the largely digitally lobotomized electorate as can only effectively happen through impeachment hearings that could not be ignored , complicit Republicans could n’t run far enough nor climb high enough be safe from the rising tide of citizen outrage and Democrats would win in a landslide .
Democratic Party wins are not the goal of ImpeachforPeace as an organization , rather full political and legal accountability for civil and public servants is our goal .
But if scandalized politicians of any party being washed out en masse is the result of that accountability , that is a victory for not only us , but the entire nation and the world .
Mr. Harper also noted that a legitimate argument concerning Executive Powers relative to the other branches is being floated by Bush supporters – this argument of course deeply rooted in Cheney ’s long - held desire for the establishment of a “ unitary executive ” with powers and authority far exceeding that of Congress or the courts .
Harper did n’t agree at all with this argument , but noted that it would be the strongest card played by those who would fight to keep impeachment from succeeding and worries that it might be effective enough to hurt his party ’s election chances .
I listened and said nothing .
As a citizen activists we do n’t need to weigh the relative political merits of a course of action as much as those involved in politics need to .
We are acting upon principal and in dutiful response to what we feel is a moral imperative .
I did confirm that Rep. McCollum is widely regarded as a “ safe seat ” in 2008 by political analysts and confirmed his opinion of Rep. McCollum as “ highly principled ” and motivated by what is right .
It is our hope that Ms. McCollum will consider our appeal to make as strong a public stand against the Bush Administration ’s policies and agenda as her conscience encourages her to .
As the meeting was drawing to a close , I played the role of the tough journalist / examiner and challenged Mr. Harper to tell me what Rep. McCollum ’s reply would be to the question : “ What would it take for the Congresswoman to cosign H. Res. 333 to impeach Cheney or initiate or support any other impeachment efforts ? ” I added : “ Would a new pre-emptive war of aggression being initiated against Iran be enough ? ” .
Mr. Harper replied somewhat indirectly in saying that “ We ca n’t use a powerful Constitutional tool such as impeachment as a political weapon ” and that it should n’t be used for partisan purposes .
He continued in saying that the precedent he feared was that it would appear to be retaliatory and that it would be visited back against the next Democratic President , noting however that a Democrat being elected as President was far from a foregone conclusion .
In conclusion , Mr. Harper stated frankly on behalf of Rep. McCollum that impeachment was “ not our priority ” .
I concluded in return that we of ImpeachforPeace.org on behalf of many citizens feel that along with others in Congress who have sworn an oath to “ support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies foreign and domestic ” , Rep. McCollum is at odds with her oath of office in not doing everything in her power to hold domestic enemies to the Constitution fully accountable for their actions in order that the precedent of this outlaw regime not be allowed to stand unchallenged .
I asked that Rep. McCollum make a public statement on her position on impeachment – whatever it is – and that she use her position of great authority and responsibility to not just move forward with progressive legislation that brings healing and recovery from the damage done to our nation but to also publicly condemn and repudiate those that have been most instrumental in visiting this nightmare upon us .
Ms. McCollum , it is on our children that your focus is rightly placed .
Their health and protection is of tantamount concern to you and to us .
We share this most honorable focal point with you .
Please do everything within your purview – which is much larger than that of we individual citizens who are fighting with all our strength – to assure your children and our children that the premeditated and comprehensive assault on our freedoms , liberties and core values as Americans and responsible global citizens not be allowed to go unchecked and stand as precedent .
In no way do we wish to diminish or distract you from your chosen and assigned mission as Representative of your city and your district in Congress .
On the contrary , we challenge you to stand up and speak out as only you uniquely can in favor of full accountability by all means available to Congress for those who threaten not just the physical health ( the impending SCHIP veto the most recent prima facie evidence ) but the Constitutional protections and liberties that we are counting upon you and your peers in Congress to protect , support , defend and restore for them .
Thank you for your service to our community , our state and our nation .
My name is danah boyd and I'm a Principal Researcher at Microsoft Research and the founder / president of Data & Society .
Buzzwords in my world include : privacy , context , youth culture , social media , big data .
I use this blog to express random thoughts about whatever I 'm thinking .
Relevant links : " best of " blog entries
my research papers
my dissertation
@zephoria on twitter Archive Archive Select Month March 2020 September 2019 June 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 February 2016 December 2015 October 2015 June 2015 May 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 September 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 May 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 May 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 December 1998 October 1998 May 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 June 1997 Quotables ( subscribe to quotables )
“ Information Access in a Networked World ” Six Apart sells LiveJournal .
Baroo ?? »
Who clicks on ads ?
And what might this mean ?
Advertising is the bread and butter of the web , yet most of my friends claim that they never click on ads , typically using a peacock tone that signals their pride in being ad - averse .
The geekier amongst them go out of their way to run Mozilla scripts to scrape ads away , bemoaning the presence of consumer culture .
Yet , companies increasingly rely on ad revenue to turn a profit and , while clicking on ads ?may ?
be declining , it certainly has n’t gone away .
This raises a critical question :
Who are the people that click on ads ?
A few years back , I asked this question to someone who worked in the world of web ads and I received a snarky ( and condescending ) answer : middle America .
Over the years , I ’ve read all sorts of speculations about search engine ads suggesting that people click on ads :
Because they do n’t know that they ’re ads .
Because they are perceived to be of greater quality than the actual search results ( for example , in searches for travel ) .
When they ’re searching for something that they want to purchase ( intent to buy = desire to get to merchants quickly ) .
When they ’re bored .
When they think that they might win something or get something for free .
Over the summer , Dave Morgan ( AOL Global Advertising Strategy ) blogged about a study that they did to investigate who clicks on ads :
What did we learn ?
A lot .
We learned that most people do not click on ads , and those that do are by no means representative of Web users at large .
Ninety - nine percent of Web users do not click on ads on a monthly basis .
Of the 1 % that do , most only click once a month .
Less than two tenths of one percent click more often .
That tiny percentage makes up the vast majority of banner ad clicks .
Who are these “ heavy clickers ” ?
They are predominantly female , indexing at a rate almost double the male population .
They are older .
They are predominantly Midwesterners , with some concentrations in Mid-Atlantic States and in New England .
What kinds of content do they like to view when they are on the Web ?
Not surprisingly , they look at sweepstakes far more than any other kind of content .
Yes , these are the same people that tend to open direct mail and love to talk to telemarketers .
Social media services like social network sites are not designed around the audience that Morgan suggests is the core of clickers , yet these too rely on advertising .
I have a sneaking suspicion that a tiny percentage of MySpace / Facebook / etc. users make up the bulk of the revenue of these sites , just as with the sites that Morgan addresses .
I cannot find any research on who clicks on social network site ads ( does anyone know of any ? ?? ) , but based on what I ’ve seen qualitatively , my hypothesis would be that heavy ad clickers are :
More representative of lower income households than the average user .
Less educated than the average user ( or from less - educated environments in the case of minors ) .
More likely to live outside of the major metro regions .
More likely to be using SNSs to meet new people than the average user ( who is more likely to be using SNSs to maintain connections ) .
In other words , much to my chagrin , I suspect that heavy ad clickers in social network sites and other social media are more likely to trend lower in both economic and social capital than the average user .
Unfortunately , I do n’t have the data to test these hypotheses at all .
( Does anyone ?
Are there any studies on class dynamics and ad clicking ? )
Of course , while the ad world is obsessed with clicks because they can measure those , ad receptivity is more than just clicks .
While people dream of adding clicks to TV , TV ads have been tremendously successful without the clicking option .
Brand recognition , for example , is an acceptable outcome from the POV of many marketers .
But the web lets us measure clicks so advertisers tend to care about clicks .
I am not an advertiser and I ’m not invested in making better ads .
Instead , by raising this topic , I ’m curious whether or not web marketing is capitalizing on a niche group and , if so , what the societal implications of this might be ?
If my hypothesis were true , what would it mean if marketing is profiting primarily off of those who are economically and socially struggling ?
How do we feel about this philosophically , ethically , and professionally ?
Would we feel proud of living off of a business model that targets the poor ?
Of course , my hypothesis may be wrong .
Advertisers have historically flocked to the sites that draw richer , more educated , more urban populations .
( As has media coverage . )
They have to be doing this for a reason , right ?
Websites have historically tried to demonstrate that their users are such “ ideal ” consumers .
Yet , I ca n’t help but wonder if these “ ideal ” consumers are really the people who buy most of the goods being advertised .
( I ’ve always been fascinated by how poorer American families tend to have immense amounts of stuff while rich American families pride themselves on minimizing quantity and maximizing quality of material goods . )
I should note that consumer culture has historically capitalized on poorer populations , long before the web .
Studies of consumer culture have shown how American identity has been constructed through consumption over the last century and how , not surprisingly , those who have a stronger need / desire to prove their American identity buy into the consumer culture .
While studies of consumer culture go back decades , I ’m having a hard time surfacing what is known about the culture of web advertising .
Who is being targeted ?
Who is responding ?
Why are they responding ?
What are the implications ?
You might be wondering why am I raising such a web - centric issue on the Shift6 blog .
Mobile advertising is primarily growing out of the web culture .
It may not be about clicks , but the idea of user responses builds on that .
As advertising becomes central to every interactive technology in our lives , I think it ’s important to step back and question who is being targeted , how , and with what consequence .
Thus , as we are thinking about what it might mean to live in a world where mobile phone advertising is accepted , we must also concern ourselves with the implications of this .
( Note : it ’s easy to read this from an anti-capitalist POV , but this should instead be read from the POV of a conscientious capitalist . )
Tweet
Kellogg 's Rice Krispies contain 36 more calories per 100g than in 1983 - an increase of about 10 % - while Kraft Dairylea Triangles contain 15 more calories per 100g than in 2001 , a 7 % rise .
While cheese used to be their main ingredient , followed by skimmed milk , whey and butter , it now comes third and accounts for just 16 % .
Häagen - Dazs Belgian Chocolate ice - cream - always marketed as a dangerous pleasure - contains 16 % more calories than in 1994 , and 26 % more fat .
Even products marketed as healthy options are not immune to this " calorie creep " .
Jordans Original Crunchy bars have 16 % more calories than in 1986 , and more fat .
Experts said the findings , derived from a comparison of current labels with old ones stored in museum archives , fitted a pattern whereby manufacturers remove salt and some types of fat from food for health reasons , only to replace them with sugar and more fat .
" Reducing salt is an excellent measure , but as a result companies are faced with bland processed food , " said Tim Lobstein , the former director of the Food Commission who now heads the child obesity programme at the International Association for the Study of Obesity .
" The cheap way of flavouring it up is to sugar it .
Fat can also help because it helps your tongue notice the flavours - that 's why you butter bread , " he said .
A Kraft spokeswoman confirmed this is what had happened in the case of the cheese triangles .
" We are trying to balance what consumers say they want in terms of the taste they enjoy , while trying to reduce the salt .
But instead there 's more butter , so that led to a modest increase in the calorie level , " she said .
The triangles today have more calcium and added vitamin D , as well as a third less salt .
McVitie 's Classic Rich Tea biscuits contain 6 % more saturated fat than they did in the mid-1990s - but the company insists this is a change for the better .
" Following consumer demand we moved from animal to vegetable oil , and later from hydrogenated vegetable oil to palm oil .
I think the palm oil must have a higher amount of saturated fat , " a spokeswoman said .
Ingredient labelling became the norm in the late 1970s and nutrition labelling in the mid-1990s , but sometimes the limited information stored in the archives of the Museum of London and Museum of Brands , Packaging and Advertising makes it difficult or impossible to tell what has changed .
Kellogg 's did not give any details of salt , sugar or fat on its early labels , but since a 100g helping of Rice Krispies today contains only 1g of fat , it seems likely that sugar accounts for the 10 % increase in calories .
Glucose - fructose syrup has been added as an extra ingredient since the 1980s .
Paxo used to give the nutritional value of its sage and onion stuffing according to its dry weight - which meant there were 360 calories in each 100g .
But now it gives the quantities in the cooked product , which has significantly more .
The company said the cooking process increases the calories , so for years it gave the public nutritional information on a product they were never likely to eat .
Sainsbury 's said that improved testing was the reason the amount of sugar in its sliced bread appeared to have increased by 400 % in the past decade , to 4g in each 100g .
" The sugar content has n't changed .
The sugar that 's found as a part of the carbohydrate in the flour can be better identified now , " a spokeswoman said .
Other companies also cited more rigorous and sophisticated tests as the reason for discrepancies .
But Professor Erik Millstone , of the science and technology policy research unit at Sussex University , an expert on food additives , criticised the supermarkets and others for selecting information to make foods look healthier .
Sainsbury 's Gravy Granules , for example , were listed in 1982 as containing a colour , E150 .
Today the same additive is listed as caramel .
" People will look at this and say it has n't got any E numbers in it , " he said .
" It 's often misleading to give the chemical names without giving the E numbers as well .
" For me , the form in which nutritional information is presented is singularly unhelpful .
I do n't actually know how many grams of gravy I eat .
If you want to make sense of food labels you have to have a lot of patience , a lot of time and you have to never eat anything outside the home . "
Not all the foods examined have changed for the worse .
Twiglets have barely altered , while Heinz baked beans , advertised even in 1983 as being free from artificial flavours and preservatives , now contain less sugar , fat and salt .
Cadbury 's
Flake contains less milk and more cocoa than it did in 1983 - the bars are now 25 % cocoa and 14 % milk solids , while they used to contain 20 % of each .
Sun-Pat Crunchy peanut butter contains fewer calories and less sugar , though the proportion of saturated fats declared on its label has grown .
But does the increased calorific value of so many shopping trolley staples help explain our thickening waists ?
In 1997 fewer than 10 % of British primary schoolchildren were obese .
Now the figure is nearly 17 % .
And figures from the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation show a striking rise in our calorie intake , to almost 3,500 a day - which means that unless we are exercising more , we should on average be putting on 7 kg a year .
Dr Lobstein said the biggest problem remains the fact that we are eating more than we used to .
" If you buy a cookie on a station , it 's four inches across .
Compare that with the biscuits your granny used to eat .
Companies are selling to our eyes rather than to our health needs .
And it 's only if you read the small print that you can tell what 's going on . "
Nutritional values per 100g / 100ml
Heinz baked beans
Sugar
1990s : 6g
2007 : 4.9g
Salt ( sodium )
1990s : 0.5g
2007 : 0.3g
Fat
1990s : 0.3g
2007 : 0.2g
Calories ( kcal )
1990s : 72
2007 : 69
Kraft Dairylea Triangles
Sugar
2001 : 5.6g
2007 : 5.3g
Salt ( sodium )
2001 : 1.2g
2007 : 0.8g
Fat
2001 : 17.5g
2007 : 19.5g
Calories ( kcal )
2001 : 225
2007 : 240
Jordans Original Crunchy bars
Sugar
1986 : *
2007 : 29.3g
Salt ( sodium )
1986 : *
2007 : trace
Fat
1986 : 20g
2007 : 22.8g
Calories ( kcal )
1986 : 400
2007 : 464
Diet Coke
Sugar
1985 : *
2007 : 0g
Salt ( sodium )
1985 : *
2007 : trace
Fat
1985 : *
2007 : 0g
Calories ( kcal )
1985 : 0.27
2007 : 0.6
Häagen - Dazs Belgian Chocolate ice - cream
Sugar
1990s : *
2007 : *
Salt ( sodium )
1990s : *
2007 : *
Fat
1990s : 14.7g
2007 : 18.5g
Calories ( kcal )
1990s : 246
2007 : 286
Kellogg 's Rice Krispies
Sugar
1983 : *
2007 : 10g
Salt ( sodium )
1983 : *
2007 : 0.65g
Fat
1983 : *
2007 : 1g
Calories ( kcal )
1983 : 345
2007 : 381
* Information not available
I have decided to release a WordPress theme that I bought , and have n’t used for anything else out into the public , in hopes that it can be used by people in need of a nice , simple , effective , dark , two column WordPress theme .
Crystal is a two column , widget ready , WordPress 2.3 compatible theme that I am releasing under GPL , and so you are free to do with it as you please .
I have set it up to work well with the WP - PageNavi plugin , a plugin I highly recommend .
If you find any bugs and are able to fix them , please let me know , as increasing the quality of this , and any further themes I release , is always greatly appreciated .
Also , please let me know if you decide to use Crystal , as I would love to highlight some of the blogs putting this design to good use .
Download Now | Demo
Our website uses cookies to provide a better user experience , personalize content , and serve targeted advertisements .
You can opt in or out of these cookies , or learn more about our use of cookies , in our cookie manager .
Cookie Settings
Accept cookies middle name favorite color Dismiss middle name favorite color
The story is so absurd , so unfair , so ludicrous , I had a difficult time believing that it could actually happen – even in Boulder .
It ’s about a couple named Don and Susie Kirlin .
They moved to the city in 1980 .
A few years later , the Kirlins purchased a plot of land near their residence , hoping to someday build a “ dream home . ”
“ We took advantage of the market in the early ’ 80s , ” says Susie Kirlin , almost apologetic for making a smart investment .
Children interfered slightly with the master plan – three of them in the next few years – postponing any development of the property .
As the children began to make their own way in life , the couple decided it was time to finally develop the property in late 2006 .
By then , it was too late .
Despite owning the land , despite living only 200 yards from the property , despite hiking past it every week with their three dogs , despite spraying for weeds and fixing fences , despite paying homeowner association dues and property taxes each year , someone else had taken a shine to it .
Someone powerful .
Former Boulder District Judge , Boulder Mayor , RTD board member – among other elected positions – Richard McLean and his wife , attorney Edith Stevens , used an arcane common law called “ adverse possession ” to claim the land for their own .
All McLean needed was to develop an
“ attachment ” to it .
Undoubtedly , his city connections could n’t have hurt , either .
In the court papers , McLean and his family admit to regularly trespassing on the Kirlins ’ property .
They created paths .
They said they put on a political fundraiser and parties on it ( though not a single photograph of these events surfaced in court documents ) .
This habit of trespassing developed into an affection .
If we take McLean at his word , he should have been treated appropriately : like a common criminal .
Instead , the former judge demanded a chunk of the land for himself – and implausibly he got it .
How did the Kirlins learn this travesty was afoot ?
Susie Kirlin was warned about it at a Boulder High School football game .
Be cautious , her neighbor warned , someone has designs on your property .
“ I laughed when I first heard it .
I really did n’t know that anyone had an emotional attachment to our land , ” Kirlin tells me .
“ I was quite surprised .
I was even more surprised that someone could claim our land .
But my neighbor told me this was a well - connected person and I should take it seriously . ”
When the couple began building a fence on the land – which is within Boulder city limits , not out in the wilderness – McLean was able , according to the Kirlins , to obtain a restraining order in an exceptionally speedy 2 1/2 hours .
Boulder District Judge Morris Sandstead , who served with McLean , issued the restraining order quite swiftly .
Serendipity , I guess .
All of this adds up to District Judge James Klein ordering the Kirlins to sign over about 34 percent of their 4,750 - square - foot lot to McLean and his wife last month .
“ Now the lot is just about worthless , ” explains Don Kirlin .
“ We estimate the land was worth about $ 800,000 to a million dollars .
Now , we ca n’t build anything on it . ”
Surely , that was the goal .
To add insult , the case , which the Kirlins are appealing , has cost the family over $ 100,000 in legal fees .
Property rights , one of the foundational ideas of this nation , mean less and less these days .
Abusive eminent domain cases are popping up all over the county .
This , a bit different , is probably one of the most absurd cases I ’ve heard .
Boulder has a reputation of being a , um , quirky town .
Some of this is indisputably deserved .
Judging from the angry reaction up there , however , most citizens are outraged .
And that is certainly heartening .
Attempts to reach McLean were unsuccessful .
His lawyer declined comment .
McLean ’s legacy , we can only hope , is sullied for good .
But what lesson can we all learn from this episode ?
Easy .
If you fancy some undeveloped property – and have no scruples – keep walking on it until you create a path .
Have a party .
Eventually , the land can be yours .
David Harsanyi’s column appears Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
Reach him at 303-954-1255 or dharsanyi@denverpost.com .
The Now Habit ( 1 ) 仕事を先送りしてしまうのは、怠惰だからではない
英語では 「 仕事を先送りする 」 「 ぐずぐずしていて手をつけられない」ことを procrastination という、たった一つの単語で言い表せます。わかってはいるけど、どうしても手が付けられないという状態はどこでも同じようにあるものらしいですね。
仕事に手を付けられずにぐずぐずしているときは、誰だってべつに気分がよいわけではないでしょう。むしろ「自分はなんて駄目なんだ」と自分を責める気持ちのほうが強いはずです。
それでは何で私たちは仕事を先送りしてしまうのか。このテーマについて実践的な対処方法を書いた心理学者
Neil Fiore の
The Now Habit という本が 、43 Folders 経由でこれを知って以来、私の愛読書です。
これから５回にわけて、この本についてご紹介しますが、実際には紹介しきれないテクニックや実例が本には満載されていますので、興味のある人はぜひ原書を当たってみてください。
なぜ仕事を先送りするか
仕事を先送りしてしまうのは、私たちが本質的に怠惰で、非能率的な人間だからでしょうか？
著者は第一章でまずそれを否定しています。
実際、 「仕事の先送り」で心理的に罪悪感を感じている人の多くは、締め切りには間に合うように仕事をしているものです。ただ、始めるのが遅くなり、自分が思っていたほどの成果が得られなかったことに対して、仕事が終わる前から、そして終わった後も罪悪感を感じているわけです。
外から見ていると、なぜその人が作業にとりかかれないか不思議ですので、安易に「とにかくやれよ」「やればいいだけだろ？」と言ってしまいがちですが、そんなことは本人が一番理解できているわけです。ではなぜ、私たちは procrastinate するのでしょう？
著者は、それは私たちが本質的に怠惰だからではなく、自分が思い描いている理想とのギャップの中で生まれる不安・不満・焦燥感からいったん逃げ出すための自己防衛手段なのだと指摘しています。たとえば次のような理想とのギャップが挙げられます。
自分の仕事に対する自信がたりない、あるいは他人からの批判や失敗をおそれている場合に、当面のプレッシャーから逃れるために仕事を先送りする
仕事そのものに対して強い不満を感じていて、その失望感が、仕事を前向きに取り組むことを不可能にしている場合。
転職活動や、昇進のように、成功によって生じる環境の変化やさらなる重責に対する不安から、現状にとどまろうという静止摩擦が生まれてしまう場合。
特にありがちだと例を挙げて紹介されているのが、完璧主義の人の場合です。こういうまじめな人であればあるほど、自分の理想と現状とのギャップの中で「もっとやらなきゃ」という自縄自縛になってしまうのだと著者は指摘しています。
いつも心に安全ネットを
あなたは今、肩幅ほどの板の上を歩いているとしましょう。その板が地面の上に置いてあるなら、その「仕事」は難しくないはずです。しかしその板が地上20mのビルの屋上と屋上の間に渡してあるとしたら、状況はまったく変わるでしょう。とたんに、簡単だったはずの仕事が、冷や汗のでる極限状態に変わってしまいます。
私たちが仕事を先送りしているときには、同じ事が起こっていると著者は指摘します。周囲の批判を恐れたり、十分に良い結果を出せないのではないかという強迫観念のために「失敗したらどうしよう」「結果が不十分だったらどうしよう」という自分に対する疑いの心が生まれて、それが本来簡単な仕事を、見かけ上不可能なまでに難しくしているわけです。
**不可能だというイメージが脳にうまれた瞬間、私たちのなかで自己防衛のためにその仕事を先送りする欲望がうまれます。**だって不可能なのですから、努力しても失敗するくらいなら、努力するのをやめてしまおう、と心にブレーキがかかってしまうわけです。
このブレーキを解除するにはどうすればいいのでしょうか？
先ほどの空中の板の例に戻ってみましょう。そのままだったら、怖くて渡れそうにないビルの屋上に渡しかけられた板ですが、もし、地面と板とのちょうど真ん中あたりに安全ネットがあるのをみつけたらどうでしょう。とたんに気が楽になって、渡りやすくなるのではないでしょうか。
この、失敗しても最悪の事態にはならないんだという認識こそが、状況を極限状態から楽な状態に引き下げてくれて、とりあえず最初の一歩だけを踏み出させてくれる鍵になります。
仕事を先送りしてしまうのは、怠惰だからではない。まずは
Neil Fiore の、この強烈なメッセージを念頭に、明日からは実際どのようにしたらこの心の安全ネットが作れるかの話について紹介していきます。
Free Marketing Videos - SEO , Affiliate Marketing And Social Networks
Google allows up to three AdSense ad units ( plus one adlink and one Google search box ) on a website at any one time .
In most cases , it is best to run the maximum three - the more ads you show , the higher the chance it will catch a reader ’s eye .
However , there are times when having less ads could make you more money .
This is caused by something known as the Google Bid Gap .
What Is The Bid Gap
The bid gap is the difference in price between the Google ads .
The top spot always cost the most , with each lower position costing less and less .
The gaps between the top four bids are normally very close .
However , once you get pass that , the gap can widen substantially .
For example , the bids on a high paying keyword might be $ 5.00 , $ 4.99 , $ 4.98 and $ 4.97 for the top 4 spots , and then 10 cents for the fifth spot .
There is only a 1 - cent gap between positions 1 - 4 but a $ 4.87 gap between positions 4 - 5 .
If you were running the maximum number of Google ads to target the above , you would have one ad block with the high paying bids and two ad blocks with much lower bids .
Chances are , a reader would click one of the lower paying ads because there ’s more of them .
In this kind of situation , it would be to your advantage to reduce the number of Google ads to get rid of the high bid gap .
Adwords advertisers know that most Google ad sizes display a maximum number of four ads .
Since they know some sites only run one Google ad , competition for the first four spots of the first banner can be quite high .
Bids on the second set of four could be substantially lower and the third ad is normally where the MFA ( Made for AdSense ) sites play in .
When Less Could Be More
Reducing the number of AdSense ads on a page will give you more per click .
However , it will reduce the total number of clicks you will get because of fewer ads .
You will have to monitor ad performance to make sure the total revenue continues to go up .
Generally , when there is a high bid gaps between one set of ads to another , it is best to reduce the number of ads .
There is no way to figure what the bid gaps are in your Google Ads .
For evil reasons , Google does not release this information .
The best way to monitor the situation is to set up custom channels for each ad units and monitor their performance .
If one ad unit ’s eCPM is significantly lower than another unit with a similar click rate , then it ’s an indication of a huge bid gap .
Remove that ad and see if the extra clicks to the remaining ads makes up for the lost of revenue .
If the gap is great enough , it should do that and more .
You can also try using the competitive ad filter to kill off the MFA sites .
It ’s All About Tweaking
I have said this many times but it bears repeating .
Google AdSense is all about tweaking .
Google would like you to believe it ’s a set it and forget it type of deal but it ’s not .
In order to extract maximum AdSense dollars , you have to tweak everything and monitor factors like the bid gap .
[ Via John Chow ]
If you enjoyed this article , vote it up on Reddit , Digg and Delicious .
The icons are below the post .
How One New Yorker Makes $ 100,000 A Year Uploading CDs To iPods For Other People
10 + Ways To Make Easy Money On The Internet If You Love Writing
Rudolph W. Giuliani ’s statement on Wednesday that he was uncertain whether waterboarding , a simulated drowning technique , was torture drew a sharp rebuke yesterday from Senator John McCain , who said that his failure to call it torture reflected his inexperience .
“ All I can say is that it was used in the Spanish Inquisition , it was used in Pol Pot ’s genocide in Cambodia , and there are reports that it is being used against Buddhist monks today , ” Mr. McCain , who spent more than five years in a North Vietnamese prison camp , said in a telephone interview .
Of presidential candidates like Mr. Giuliani , who say that they are unsure whether waterboarding is torture , Mr. McCain said : “ They should know what it is .
It is not a complicated procedure .
It is torture . ”
Mr. Giuliani said on Wednesday night at a forum in Davenport , Iowa , that he favored “ aggressive questioning ” of terrorism suspects and using “ means that are a little tougher ” with terrorists but that the United States should not torture people .
On the question of whether waterboarding is torture , however , Mr. Giuliani said he was unsure .
This is an excellent source of information about the Constitution and how citizens are to respond to the threats facing our Republic !
Knowledge is Power !
Our representatives in DC could learn a thing or two !
The AP has a dispiriting story about the economic pressures facing American families who live paycheck to paycheck .
( thanks to reader R.K. )
The calculus of living paycheck to paycheck in America is getting harder .
What used to last four days might last half that long now .
Pay the gas bill , but skip breakfast .
Eat less for lunch so the kids can have a healthy dinner .
Across the nation , Americans are increasingly unable to stretch their dollars to the next payday as they juggle higher rent , food and energy bills .
It ’s starting to affect middle - income working families as well as the poor , and has reached the point of affecting day - to - day calculations of merchants like Wal - Mart Stores Inc. , 7 - Eleven Inc. and Family Dollar Stores Inc .
Food pantries , which distribute foodstuffs to the needy , are reporting severe shortages and reduced government funding at the very time that they are seeing a surge of new people seeking their help .
I 'm sixty - five stars into Nintendo 's glorious new Super Mario Galaxy and as I 've made my way through the universe , I 've noticed a number of familiar elements .
While that is to be expected ( and certainly enjoyed ) , it seems that most of these elements are from the classic 1990 Nintendo Entertainment System adventure that is Super Mario Bros.
3 . Some of these things are obvious ( such as familiar overworld music turning up after fifteen years of absence ) while other things are more subtle and would appeal only to the long - time Super Mario fan .
Consider these specific elements that both Super Mario Galaxy and Super Mario Bros. 3 share ( be warned , for here come the spoilers ) :
Mario's power - ups come in the form of various " suits " :
For instance , SMB3 features Hammer Bros. suits and frog suits , while Galaxy spotlights Boos and bees .
Mario can pick up Koopa Troopa shells , carry them , and eventually throw them at foes and targets .
This was a new ability in SMB3 , one that has been absent through Super Mario 64 and Super Mario Sunshine .
Bowser arms his child ( ren ) with cannon - equipped airships :
The seven Koopalings terrorize the skies in SMB3 , while Galaxy includes Bowser Jr. 's private airship .
Mario must navigate platforms that actually a nut and bolt contraption .
While a common sight on SMB3's airships , these platforms appear late in the game in Galaxy .
Bowser 's domain is full of concrete statues of himself .
Bowser 's castle in SMB3 was full of these tributes to the king , while Galaxy 's center of the universe includes more detailed renditions of the statues .
Princess Peach ( née Toadstool ) sends letters to Mario to cheer him on .
Both games also feature items enclosed with these letters for Mario to use .
Now let 's look at the bigger picture .
Super Mario Galaxy is the third proper 3D Super Mario game ( previous installments being , as I 'm sure you know , Super Mario 64 and Super Mario Sunshine ) .
Likewise , Super Mario Bros. 3 was the third proper 2D Super Mario game *.
Super Mario 64 laid the groundwork for what a 3D platformer would be , much like the original Super Mario set off the 2D platformer explosion .
Then came a sequel that , while a solid game , was quite different than the previous installment .
The familiar setting and enemy roster were replaced by a new location and a whole crop of enemies that were n't indigenous to the Mushroom Kingdom , and while the core gameplay remained the same , a new gimmick mixed things up a little from the last installment in the series .
Sound like Super Mario Bros. 2 and Super Mario Sunshine ?
I 'm not so sure that these are coincidences .
I 've come to firmly believe that the Galaxy design team purposely patterned mechanics and themes from Super Mario Bros. 3 into the new game .
How can I be so confident ?
Consider Rosalina 's final message to Mario regarding the life cycle of stars : " When stars die , they turn to dust and scatter across the cosmos .
Eventually the stardust reforms to create a new star ... and so the cycle of life continues .
But the cycle never repeats itself in quite the same way . "
I can't wait to see the result when the time comes for Nintendo to parallel Super Mario World ...
* ignoring the " Lost Levels " , of course
On Tuesday , Belgium marks its first 100 days without a government .
There is every reason to believe that the Belgians , and the rest of us , will have to get used to it .
The questions now are how will the divorce of Flanders and Wallonia be consummated , and what will become of Brussels , home to the EU and Nato ?
More worryingly , the demise of Belgium - a sticking plaster over the faultline between Europe 's Protestant north and Catholic south - could make Europe a more dangerous place .
' Flanders has systematically organised its independence over 35 years , ' said Delacroix - Rolin , a French - speaker fighting to save her village of Rhode Saint Genese , nine miles south of Brussels , from becoming Flemish .
' If they succeed here , they will move on to Brussels .
We 're like the moat around the castle . '
French - speaking Brussels - whose cultural and linguistic affinity is with Wallonia to the south - sits like an island in Flemish - speaking Flanders .
So do the 18,000 souls of Rhode .
Delacroix - Rolin said of the French - speaking half of her village : ' We are bilingual , and that is our right .
No one held a referendum to ask whether we wanted to be part of Flanders .
We just woke up one day [ in 1962 ] and the linguistic frontier had been drawn south of us . '
In the 45 years since , Belgium as a state , steered by the economically and numerically superior Flemish , has effectively devolved itself out of existence .
' Now Flanders with six million people makes the rules and four million French - speakers adapt , ' said Delacroix - Rolin , who is banned from speaking French at council meetings or official functions .
' They are very clever .
My council does not use language criteria to allocate housing , but the region does .
In this way Flanders is ensuring that more Flemish - speakers settle in my municipality .
The region also imposes a language test on teachers seeking to work here or parents wishing to adopt children .
One way or another , your route is barred unless you have Dutch language diplomas . '
It used to be the opposite .
During centuries of Walloon prosperity - including 200 years as Europe 's most productive mining and steel basin - the Flemish were looked down on and their language banned .
Recently they have gained the economic upper hand , and now see post - industrial Wallonia as a costly passenger .
This centuries - old distrust is at the heart of the crisis that has seen the Flemish Christian Democrat , Yves Leterme , fail to form a government since the 10 June elections .
The constitution demands a coalition , but French - speaking politicians are refusing to join in his plans to dismantle Belgium .
Among Leterme 's allies , Flemish nationalist Bart de Wever denies that Wallonia will be cast adrift .
' You can co-operate better as good neighbours than as an unhappily married couple .
I 'm not a Flemish Milosevic . '
He adds that an independent Flanders would want Brussels as its capital .
' Ten years ago Belgium had its football team , its monarchy , the Belgian franc and Brussels .
Now it only has Brussels .
For us , it 's just the last obstacle . '
Increasingly , Flemish politicians speak of the ' Czechoslovakia option ' and point to the fact that the ' velvet ' break - up in 1993 was a success for both sides .
But economically it is hard to imagine what the wastelands of Wallonia would stand to gain .
An opinion poll last month found 45 per cent of Flemish people in favour of the disintegration of Belgium against 20 per cent of Walloons .
Most observers believe the break - up is just a matter of time ; Flemish nationalist support will grow every time there is a local or national election .
But nothing will happen without the EU , to which an independent Flanders , with Brussels as its capital , would have to apply for membership .
To Delacroix - Rolin , the options on the table amount to real threats to her identity and that of her villagers .
' Rhode is like a frontline state .
We 're in a battle for survival .'
How did the candidates rate at the Republican debate on June 5 ?
Take a look at the top picks by CNN 's political analysts and then make your choices by dragging the photos to the answer fields .
View CNN voter results
QUESTIONS : Bill Schneider
Sr. political analyst Paul Begala
Democratic strategist Amy Holmes
GOP strategist 1 . Who do you think won the debate ?
No clear winner .
Giuliani , McCain and Romney all had effective moments .
Giuliani McCain 2 . Who seemed to know most about the issues ?
No big difference here .
McCain
All equally knowledgeable 3 .
Who had the best one - liner or comeback ?
McCain :
His response to the woman who asked about her brothers sacrifice .
Also  Giuliani 's lightning strike comment .
Tancredo ( His remark : " I 'd tell George W. Bush never to darken the door of the White House . " )
Giuliani ( lightning strike ) and Huckabee again proved wit and skill .
4 . Who had the most disappointing performance at the debate ?
George Bush had very few defenders in this field of Republicans .
T. Thompson Romney
He did n't grow 5 .
Whose performance was most surprising ?
Tancredos astonishing attack on President Bush .
Huckabee
Witty and warm McCain 6 .
Whose campaign got the biggest boost from the debate ?
McCain and Romney by defending themselves well  and by not attacking each other .
Giuliani McCain 7 . Who was the snappiest dresser ?
Forget clothes .
Romney has the best hair .
I wonder how much he pays for his haircuts ?
Wolf Blitzer Romney NOTE :
You must answer all questions before submitting your vote .
Affluent voters bolting from GOP Nick Juliano
Published : Friday November 16 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
We 've all heard the old adage :
The Republicans are the party of wealthy plutocrats concerned with paying as few taxes of possible , while Democrats ' economic populism appeals to middle - and lower - income voters struggling to pay their bills and send their kids to college .
New polling data , and interviews with voters , shows that paradigm may be shifting in at least one Western state that political analysts believe may play a key role in next year 's presidential election , the Wall Street Journal reports Friday .
The paper 's John Harwood compares two voters in Denver at either end of the economic spectrum to illustrate the shifting trends .
" The Democratic Party stands more for creating equal opportunity , " says Jim Kelley , who buys companies for the $ 7 billion private - equity firm Vestar Capital Partners , which is headquartered on New York 's Park Avenue .
Angela Williams , a city bus driver whose route passes Kelley 's Denver office building , earns $ 39,000 a year , but she tells Harwood that social issues and tax cuts are her primary issues .
" I 'm pro-life , " she declares to Harwood .
" Basically , that 's why I'm Republican . "
Williams , who lives in a working class neighborhood also agrees with GOP attacks on Democrats ' economic policies .
" Democrats are all for social programs which raise my taxes , " Williams says .
" I 'm not working to pay for people to sit at home watching cable all day . "
Kelley has a much more nuanced approach to economic policy , and he says pocketbook issues are low on his priority list .
Kelley tells Harwood the Democratic Party " speaks to me on issues of the environment , and even more to me on national security . "
To Kelley , the Republicans are too concerned with " so - called moral issues " like gay marriage .
The two vignettes illustrate an emerging trend that seems to indicate both Republicans and Democrats are voting more with their hearts than their wallets .
Harwood illustrates the trend .
In the 2004 election , exit surveys showed President Bush defeated John Kerry by 58 % to 41 % among those earning more than $ 100,000 .
In 2006 , Republican House candidates edged Democrats among that group by 51 % to 47 % .
Now the Wall Street Journal - NBC
News poll shows Americans earning more than $ 100,000 want Democrats to win the White House next year by 48 % to 41 % , and want Democrats to win control of Congress by 45 % to 42 % .
Campaign - finance data represents another yardstick .
The top five Democratic presidential candidates raised $ 242 million through the first three quarters of 2007 , according to Federal Election Commission figures compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics .
The top five Republican candidates have raised $ 167 million .
Pundits see shifting population trends changing the political framework in Western states like Colorado and Nevada , which is hosting an early presidential primary .
Although states in the mountain west have been solidly red in the last two elections , Democrats hope those states become competitive in the next election .
" The road to the White House will lead directly through the West and directly through Nevada and Colorado , " Rep. Ken Salazar ( D - CO ) said in a conference call Tuesday with reporters , CNN reported .
In Colorado , Democrats prevailed in last year 's gubernatorial race when the Democratic candidate -- and now governor -- Bill Ritter opposed GOP tax - limitation measures and pushed government investment in way that appealed to business leaders .
" We found a way to talk about investing in infrastructure that makes sense to the affluent and it makes sense to the business community , " Ritter told the Journal .
The shift of affluent voters from the Republican party coincides with its increasing emphasis on " values " issues like curtailing abortion rights , denying marriage for same - sex couples and re-inserting religion into public life .
In Colorado , business leaders still favor generally low taxes , but they are beginning to understand how investment can be beneficial , Neil Westergaard , editor of the Denver Business Journal , tells Harwood .
" Colorado already has low taxes and has always , " Westergaard said .
" And we began in the 1990s to start feeling the effects of limited tax support for things like higher education and transportation , which coincidentally became more important as economic - development issues for the business community . "
Mrs. Clinton , you were reported as having played a major part in two of your husband 's cabinet choices , Janet Reno and Madeleine Albright .
Do you think that they did a good job as Attorney General and Secretary of State ?
At this point , it 's pretty obvious that Hillary Rodham Clinton is going to run against Joseph Biden ( and who knows who else ) for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination , which is presumably why the right - wing web pages are rushing to print a smear job against her this week .
Before I would lift a finger to campaign for any ticket that had Hillary Rodham Clinton on it , though , I 'd want an answer to one question : Because if the answer is yes , I 'll break caucus and vote for the other side before I 'll vote for her , almost no matter who they run .
Janet Reno deserves to have both Ruby Ridge and Waco hung around her neck like an albatross .
She should never , ever , ever be allowed to forget them , or to defend them , or even to make shallow excuses for them ; she should not even be allowed to change the subject .
I say this because in Waco , in particular , we saw a demonstration of a mental weakness of hers that made her trivially easy to manipulate and exploit .
Janet Reno should never have been confirmed , because when she was a prosecutor she was one of the idiots who fell for the Satanic Ritual Abuse hoax .
And so , when the divorced spouses of some Branch Davidians wanted Janet Reno to order government agents in to seize the children that they had n't been awarded custody of in the courts , all they had to do was accuse David Koresh of religious sexual abuse of children , and Janet Reno was rarin ' to go .
And in her eagerness to save those children , she authorized the use of a gas known to be deadly to children against a compound known not to have any child - sized gas masks .
When the fire broke out , forces under her command held the firefighters at gunpoint to keep them from trying to put the fire out .
And every single one of those childrenBut hey , in Janet Reno 's mind , that was nothing to apologize for , or at least nothing much , because at least she saved them from David Koresh by killing them .
And when Madeleine Albright wakes up in hell , or Hades , or wherever she goes after her life , I hope she gets literally haunted by the ghosts of every single American soldier whose life she spent in stupid , wasteful , meaningless , unimportant to American conflicts , one after another , sometimes even more than one at a time , for the whole time Clinton was in office .
I do n't have handy the count of how many Americans died in stupid crap conflicts like Yugoslavia , Haiti , or Somalia .
But I do know why she was willing to spend their lives , she made that clear to Colin Powell before he quit in protest over her : because to her , American servicemen 's lives were just meaningless , worthless government assets for her to " spend , " to make any political point she chose to make on the world stage .
Just like the current Republican politicians who " support our troops " while recoiling in horror at the thought of sending their own children , to Madeleine Albright an American soldier 's life was a cheap , nearly worthless thing , not a person with hopes of their own , or a family who would grieve .
So if a second Clinton administration would mean more appointees like those two , fuck that , I 'll vote Dominionist Republican first .
Their evil is more easily contained .
We brought you Adam Kokesh 's incredible speech from last Saturday 's Iraq protests in Washington D.C. , and unfortunately , there was an incident that occurred that day that was so disgusting it defies description .
Via After Downing Street :
Here are photos of members of " Gathering of Eagles " who assaulted gold star father Carlos Arredondo in broad daylight in Washington , D.C. , on September 15 , 2007 , throwing him to the ground and kicking him .
Account of what happened from Arredondo's wife By Mélida Arredondo : Carlos Arredondo , 47 year old father of two sons , arrived in the nation 's capitol on Monday , 09/10/07 to share a memorial he has made to honor for his eldest son , Alex .
Carlos has visited thirty of the United States with the traveling memorial to his son Alexander .
Lcpl. Alexander S. Arredondo , USMC was killed on 08/25/04 .
He was 20 years and 20 days old .
The memorial consists of a casket , poster - size photographs of Alex when he graduated from boot camp , before his second tour in Iraq , lying in state at his wake , and a photo of Alex with his younger brother Brian .
Saturday , September 15 , 2007 consisted of first a rally , a march towards the capitol and then a die - in .
Carlos pulled the memorial along the march route approaching the rotunda near the capitol building .
Several of the marchers requested for him to speak about the memorial where a crowd gathered around him .
After finishing , several people walked with Carlos as he pulled the memorial .
Several pictures of Alex dressed in his blues were attached to the display .
As Carlos passed counter protesters , one man ripped a picture of Alex from the memorial .
Carlos leaped on the man to retrieve the picture .
It was at that point that approximately five others all began to attack Carlos by kicking him in the head , legs , stomach and back .
This hateful group has a website , and while I have reservations about linking to them I feel that the depths of their hatred and ignorance must be seen to be believed and it must be beaten back .
Please take the time to go look at the comments being made about Carlos at their site .
No matter how enraging it may be , they must be exposed for who and what they really are .
I 've often thought there is a subtle art to the humble hyperlink , that stalwart building block of hypertext , the stuff that Ted Nelson 's Xanadu dream was made of .
The word hypertext was coined by Nelson and published in a paper delivered to a national conference of the Association for Computing Machinery in 1965 .
Adding to his design for a nonsequential writing tool , Nelson proposed a feature called " zippered lists , " in which elements in one text would be linked to related or identical elements in other texts .
Nelson's two interests , screen editing and nonsequential writing , were merging .
With zippered lists , links could be made between large sections , small sections , whole pages , or single paragraphs .
The writer and reader could manufacture a unique document by following a set of links between discrete documents that were " zipped " together .
Many precedents for the idea of hypertext existed in literature and science .
The Talmud , for instance , is a sort of hypertext , with blocks of commentary arranged in concentric rectangles around the page .
So are scholarly footnotes , with their numbered links between the main body of the text and supplementary scholarship .
In July 1945 , long before Nelson turned his attention to electronic information systems , Vannevar Bush published an essay titled " As We May Think " in The Atlantic Monthly , which described a hypothetical system of information storage and retrieval called " memex . "
Memex would allow readers to create personal indexes to documents , and to link passages from different documents together with special markers .
While Bush 's description was purely speculative , he gave a brilliant and influential preview of some of the features Nelson would attempt to realize in Xanadu .
The inventor 's original hypertext design predicted most of the essential components of today 's hypertext systems .
Nonetheless , his talk to the Association for Computing Machinery had little impact .
There was a brief burst of interest in this strange researcher , but although his ideas were intriguing , Nelson lacked the technical knowledge to prove that it was possible to build the system he envisioned .
I distinctly remember reading this 1995 Wired article on Ted Nelson and Xanadu when it was published .
It had a profound impact on me .
I 've always remembered it , long after that initial read .
I know it 's novella long , but it 's arguably the best single article I 've ever read in Wired ; I encourage you to read it in its entirety when you have time .
It speaks volumes about the souls of computers – and the software developers who love them .
Xanadu was vaporware long before the term even existed .
You might think that Ted Nelson would be pleased that HTML and the world wide web have delivered much of the Xanadu dream , almost 40 years later .
But you'd be wrong :
HTML is precisely what we were trying to prevent – ever - breaking links , links going outward only , quotes you can't follow to their origins , no version management , no rights management .
I suspect Wikipedia may be closer to Ted 's vision of Xanadu : a self - contained constellation of highly interlinked information , with provisions for identity , versioning , and rights management .
But enough about the history of the hyperlink .
How can we use them effectively in the here and now ?
I thoroughly enjoyed Philipp Lenssen 's recent link usability tips .
I liked it so much , in fact , that I 'm using it as a template for a visual compendium of link usability tips – the art of hyperlinking .
Ensure your links are large enough to easily click .
When building links , do n't run afoul of Fitt 's Law .
If what you 're linking is small , make it bigger .
If you can't make it bigger , at least fluff it up a bit with clickable borders so it 's easier for people to accurately click .
In the below screenshot , only the numbers are linked , which is a shame .
The first link is the most important one .
The first link will garner most of the reader 's attention , and the highest clickthrough rates .
Choose your first link appropriately .
Start with the important stuff .
Do n't squander your first link on a triviality .
Do n't link everything .
Using too many links will turn your text into noise .
This works in two dimensions : excessive linking makes text difficult to read , and excessive linking causes deflation in the value of all your existing links .
Link in moderation .
Only link things important enough to warrant a link .
Do n't radically alter link behavior .
Links are the cornerstone of the web .
Users have built up years of expectactions based on existing behavior in their web browsers .
When you change the way hyperlinks work , you 're redefining a fundamental part of the web .
Is this really what you want ?
Is this really what your readers want ?
Do n't title your link " Click Here " .
Do n't even use the words " Click " or " Here " anywhere in your link text .
Describe what the link will do for the user when they click on it .
Do n't link things the user might want to select and copy .
Woe upon the poor user who needs to select and copy hyperlinked text .
It requires a complex ballet of very precise mouse movements to get it to work at all .
Here , I 'm trying to select the name " Ralph Waldo Emerson " , which is part of the hyperlink .
Granted , this is not a terribly common scenario – it 's probably the most subtle tip on Philipp 's list .
But when it happens , it 's awkward and unpleasant , so do give it some consideration .
Do n't include icons on every link .
If we 're linking in moderation , we should be using link icons in extreme moderation .
If every other link has an icon , it 's noise .
Only highly unusual or irregular links should include icons .
I 'd also argue that your text , if written properly , can easily communicate the type of link as well as an icon can , but this gets into the realm of personal preference .
Do n't make your content depend on links to work .
Not everyone will click on your hyperlinks .
Either they 're too busy to click every single link you put in front of them , or maybe they 're reading your article in another format where they can't click on the links : print , offline , or mobile .
Either way , it 's important to provide the context necessary to make your content understandable without the need to visit whatever is behind those hyperlinks .
( If you 're wondering what this example is about , I should warn you – it 's not worth it .
For once the inanity of Digg comments was totally appropriate : " retarded blog war " . )
Do n't hide your links .
Hyperlinks should look like hyperlinks .
Give them a distinct style , so they cannot be confused with any of the other text on the page .
Definitely choose a unique color not used anywhere else on your page , and consider using the well - worn convention of the link underline when necessary .
What 's clickable here ?
Do n't mix advertising and links .
These look like hyperlinks , but they 're actually advertising .
Which type of link is which , again ?
And why should the user have to think about this ?
Do n't obfuscate your URLs .
Users can preview where your link will ultimately send them by hovering their mouse over it and viewing the URL in the status bar .
Avoid using redirects or URL shortening services which make the URL totally opaque .
The user should n't have to take a leap of faith when clicking on your links .
To head off any potential hate mail headed my way , these are guidelines , not rules .
If you know what you 're doing , you also know that rules were made to be broken in the right circumstances .
The problem is that most people writing HTML do n't know what they 're doing .
A search for " click here " is ample proof of that .
Most of this is advice on writing HTML – which , in my estimation , is basic writing advice in today 's online world .
Hyperlinking should be taught alongside Strunk & White as far as I 'm concerned .
Knowing how to hyperlink effectively is fundamental .
But as software developers , we can go farther when writing code – we can control the text of the links we generate , too .
I touched on this briefly in Do n't Devalue The Address Bar , but it 's worthy of an entire blog post .
In the meantime , Keyvan Nayyeri 's Simplify your URLs is a fantastic starting point .
Stem cell injections might restore memory lost through strokes , Alzheimer ’s and other neurodegenerative diseases – at least that ’s what experiments in mice suggest .
In previous studies transplanted neural stem cells survived and integrated into brain circuitry , says Mathew Blurton - Jones , a member of the team carrying out the experiments at the University of California at Irvine .
“ We ’ve now gone one stage further in showing that once integrated , these new neurons are able to reverse cognitive deficits associated with neurodegeneration or neuronal loss , ” he says .
After the team had destroyed memory cells in the hippocampuses of mice , they performed badly in a standard …
Beauty pageant organisers are investigating who doused a contestant 's evening gowns with pepper spray and spiked her makeup , causing her to break out in hives .
Beauty queen Ingrid Marie Rivera beat 29 rivals to become Puerto Rico's 2008 Miss Universe contestant , despite applying makeup and wearing evening gowns that had been coated with pepper spray , pageant spokesman Harold Rosario said .
Rivera was composed while appearing before cameras and judges throughout the competition .
But once backstage , she had to strip off her clothes and apply ice bags to her face and body , which swelled and broke out in hives twice .
DESCRIBING THE UNITED STATES of the 1830s in his now - famous work , Democracy in America , the young French aristocrat Alexis de Tocqueville depicted a country passionate about self - governance .
In the fifty years since sovereignty had passed from the crown to the people , citizens of the new republic had seized upon every opportunity “ to take a hand in the government of society and to talk about it ….
If an American should be reduced to occupying himself with his own affairs , ” wrote de Tocqueville , “ half his existence would be snatched from him ; he would feel it as a vast void in his life . ”
At the center of this vibrant society was the town or county government .
“ Without local institutions , ” de Tocqueville believed , “ a nation has not got the spirit of liberty , ” and might easily fall victim to “ despotic tendencies . ”
In the era ’s burgeoning textile and nascent railroad industries , and in its rising commercial class , de Tocqueville had already detected a threat to the “ equality of conditions ” he so admired in America .
“ The friends of democracy should keep their eyes anxiously fixed , ” he warned , on an “ industrial aristocracy … .
For if ever again permanent inequality of conditions and aristocracy make their way into the world it will have been by that door that they entered . ”
Under those conditions , he thought , life might very well be worse than it had been under the old regimes of Europe .
The old land - based aristocracy of Europe at least felt obliged “ to come to the help of its servants and relieve their distress .
But the industrial aristocracy … when it has impoverished and brutalized the men it uses , abandons them in a time of crisis . ”
As de Tocqueville predicted , the industrial aristocrats have prevailed in America .
They have garnered enormous power over the past 150 years through the inexorable development of the modern corporation .
Having achieved extensive control over so many facets of our lives — from food and clothing production to information , transportation , and other necessities — corporate institutions have become more powerful than the sovereign people who originally granted them existence .
As late as 1840 , state legislators closely supervised the operation of corporations , allowing them to be created only for very specific public benefits , such as the building of a highway or a canal .
Corporations were subject to a variety of limitations : a finite period of existence , limits to the amount of property they could own , and prohibitions against one corporation owning another .
After a period of time deemed sufficient for investors to recoup a fair profit , the assets of a business would often revert to public ownership .
In some states , it was even a felony for a corporation to donate to a political campaign .
But in the headlong rush into the Industrial Age , legislators and the courts stripped away almost all of those limitations .
By the 1860s , most states had granted owners limited liability , waiving virtually all personal accountability for an institution ’s cumulative actions .
In 1886 , without comment , the United States Supreme Court ruled for corporate owners in Santa Clara County v. Southern Pacific Railroad , allowing corporations to be considered “ persons , ” thereby opening the door to free speech and other civil rights under the Bill of Rights ; and by the early 1890s , states had largely eliminated restrictions on corporations owning each other .
By 1904 , 318 corporations owned forty percent of all manufacturing assets .
Corporate owners were replacing de Tocqueville ’s “ equality of conditions ” with what one writer of the time , W. J. Ghent , called “ the new feudalism … characterized by a class dependence rather than by a personal dependence . ”
Throughout the twentieth century , federal courts have granted U.S. corporations additional rights that once applied only to human beings — including those of “ due process ” and “ equal protection . ”
Corporations , in turn , have used those rights to thwart democratic efforts to check their growth and influence .
CORPORATE POWER , largely unimpeded by democratic processes , today affects municipalities across the country .
But in the conservative farming communities of western Pennsylvania , where agribusiness corporations have obstructed local efforts to ban noxious corporate farming practices , the commercial feudalism de Tocqueville warned against has evoked a response that echoes the defiant spirit of the Declaration of Independence .
In late 2002 and early 2003 , two of the county ’s townships did something that no municipal government had ever dared :
They decreed that a corporation ’s rights do not apply within their jurisdictions .
The author of the ordinances , Thomas Linzey , an Alabama - born lawyer who attended law school in nearby Harrisburg , did not start out trying to convince the citizens of the heavily Republican county to attack the legal framework of corporate power .
But over the past five years , Linzey has seen township supervisors begin to take a stand against expanding corporate influence — and not just in Clarion County .
Throughout rural Pennsylvania , supervisors have held at bay some of the most well - connected agribusiness executives in the state , along with their lawyers , lobbyists , and representatives in the Pennsylvania legislature .
Linzey anticipated none of this when he cofounded the Community Environmental Legal Defense Fund ( CELDF ) , a grassroots legal support group , in 1995 .
Initially , CELDF worked with activists according to a conventional formula .
“ We were launched to provide free legal services to community groups , specifically grassroots community environmental organizations , ” Linzey says .
“ That involved us in permit appeals and other typical regulatory stuff . ”
But all that soon changed .
In 1997 , the state of Pennsylvania began enforcing a weak waste - disposal law , passed at the urging of agribusiness lobbyists several years earlier , which explicitly barred townships from passing any more stringent law .
It had the effect of repealing the waste - disposal regulations of more than one hundred townships , regulations that had prevented corporations from establishing factory farms in their communities .
The supervisors , who had seen massive hog farms despoil the ecosystems and destroy the social and economic fabric of communities in nearby states , were desperate to find a way to protect their townships .
Within a year , CELDF “ started getting calls from municipal governments in Pennsylvania , as many as sixty to seventy a week , ” Linzey says .
“ Of 1,400 rural governments in the state we were interacting with perhaps ten percent of them .
We still are . ”
But factory hog farms were n’t the only threat introduced by the state ’s industry - backed regulation .
The law also served to preempt local control over the spreading of municipal sewage sludge on rural farmland .
In Pittsburgh and other large cities , powerful municipal treatment agencies , seeking to avoid costly payments to landfills , began contracting with corporate sewage haulers .
Haulers , in turn , relied on rural farmers willing to use the sludge as fertilizer — a practice deemed “ safe ” by corporate - friendly government environmental agencies .
Pennsylvania required the sewage sludge leaving treatment plants , which contains numerous dangerous microorganisms , to be tested only at three - month intervals , and only for E. coli and heavy metals .
Most individual batches arriving at farms were not tested at all .
It was clear , from the local vantage , that the state Department of Environmental Protection had failed to protect the townships , turning many rural communities into toxic dumping grounds — with fatal results .
In 1995 , two local youths , Tony Behun and Danny Pennock , died after being exposed to the material —
Behun while riding an all - terrain vehicle , Pennock while hunting .
“ People are up in arms all over the place , ” said Russell Pennock , Danny ’s father , a millwright from Centre County .
“ They ’re considering this a normal agricultural operation .
I ’ll tell you something right now :
If anyone would have seen the way my son suffered and died , they would not even get near this stuff . ”
After a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency scientist linked the two deaths to a pathogen in the sludge , county supervisors tried to pass ordinances to stop the practice , but found that the state had preempted such local control with its less restrictive law .
The state ’s apparent complicity with the corporations outraged local elected officials .
People began to understand , Linzey recalls , “ that the state was being used by corporations to strip away democratic authority from local governments . ”
MANY SMALL FARMERS in rural Pennsylvania were already feeling the devastating effects of increasing corporate control over the market .
They often had no choice but to sign contracts with large agribusiness corporations — resulting in a modern form of peonage .
By the corporate formula , a farmer must agree to raise hogs exclusively for the corporation , and to borrow $ 250,000 or more to build specialized factory - farm barns .
Yet the corporation could cancel the contract at any time .
The farmer does n’t even own the animals — except the dead ones , which pile up in mortality bins as infectious diseases ravage the crowded pens .
The agribusiness company takes the lion ’s share of the profits while externalizing the costs and liabilities ; the farmer left financially and legally responsible for all environmental harms , including groundwater contamination from manure lagoons .
Even if farmers could find a way to market their hogs on their own , loan officers often deny applications from farmers unless they are locked into a corporate livestock contract .
“ The once - proud occupation of ‘ independent family farmer ’ has become a black mark on loan papers , ” Linzey writes on the CELDF website .
A bespectacled thirty - four - year - old , Linzey speaks with a tinge of southern drawl .
Under the tutelage of historian Richard Grossman of the Program on Corporations , Law , and Democracy , he has become an eloquent speaker on organizing tactics , constitutional theory , and the history of corporations in this country .
But he is also an excellent listener .
He heard the indignation as incredulous supervisors came to understand their lack of authority in the regulatory arena .
The rights and privileges that corporations were able to assert seemed incomprehensible to them .
“ There ’s disbelief , ” he says .
“ Then the clients attack you , and then you have to explain it to them , giving prior examples of how this works . ”
Township supervisors were quick to see that the problem was not simply factory farms or sludge , “ but the corporations that were pushing them , ” Linzey says .
Enormously wealthy corporations were able to secure rulings that channeled citizen energies into futile battles .
The supervisors started to realize , according to Linzey , “ that the only thing environmental law regulates is environmentalists . ”
By 1999 , with CELDF ’s help , five townships in two counties had adopted a straightforward ordinance that challenged state law by prohibiting corporations from farming or owning farmland .
Five more townships in three more counties followed suit .
Also in 1999 , Rush Township of Centre County became the first in the nation to pass an ordinance to control sludge spreading .
Haulers who wanted to apply sewage sludge to farmland would have to test every load at their own expense — and for a wider array of toxic substances than required by the weaker state law .
Three dozen townships in seven counties have unanimously passed similar sludge ordinances to date .
Citing a township ’s mandate to protect its citizens , Licking Township Supervisor Mik Robertson declares , “ If the state is n’t going to do the job , we ’ll do it for them . ”
So far , the spate of unanimous votes at the municipal level has halted both new hog farms and the spreading of additional sludge in these townships .
IN DE TOCQUEVILLE ’S TIME , local communities like those in Clarion County had enormous strength and autonomy .
The large corporation was nonexistent , and the federal government had little say over local affairs .
Americans by and large reserved patriotic feelings for their state .
People , at least those of European descent , played a more active role in local governance than they do today .
Their only direct experience with the federal government was through the post office .
As de Tocqueville pointed out , “ real political life ” was not concentrated in what was called “ the Union , ” itself a telling term ; before the Civil War the “ United States ” was a plural noun , as in , “ The United States are a large country . ”
Since the consolidation of the Union and throughout the twentieth century , the autonomy of state and local governments has continued to wane as corporations have grown larger and gained more extensive rights under the U.S. Constitution .
In two decisions in the mid-1970s , the Supreme Court affirmed a corporation ’s right to make contributions to political campaigns , considering money to be a form of “ free speech . ”
And over the past few decades , corporations have won increasingly generous interpretations of the Interstate Commerce Clause of the Constitution .
Originally intended to prevent individual states from obstructing the flow of goods and people across their borders , the clause has been used by corporations to challenge almost any state law that might affect activity across state lines .
In 2002 , for example , the federal courts ruled that a Virginia law prohibiting the dumping of trash from other states violated a waste hauler ’s rights .
In early 2003 , Smithfield Foods , one of the nation ’s largest factory - farm conglomerates , sued on similar grounds to overturn Iowa ’s citizen initiative banning meatpacking companies from owning livestock , a practice the citizens believed undercut family farms .
Elsewhere , corporate rights have posed increasingly absurd threats to sovereignty .
In 1994 , for example , Vermont passed a law requiring the labeling of milk from cows that had received a bioengineered bovine growth hormone ; in 1996 the federal courts overthrew that law , saying that the mandated disclosure violated a corporation ’s First Amendment right “ not to speak . ”
Four years later , a Pennsylvania township tried to use zoning laws to control the placement of a cell - phone tower ; the telecommunications company sued the township and won , citing a nineteenth - century civil rights law designed to protect newly freed slaves .
Until recently , these incidents might have been seen simply as aberrations or “ corporate abuse . ”
But an increasing number of Americans have begun to consider a whole range of single - issue cases as examples of “ corporate rule . ”
The role that government has played , in their view , is merely that of a referee who enforces the rules defined by corporations for their own benefit rather than the public’s .
It was this perception that motivated the townships to take their revolutionary stand .
But their successes in halting factory farming and sludge applications within their borders did n’t prohibit corporations from attempting to press their case in the courtroom .
In 2000 , the transnational hauler Synagro - WWT , Inc. sued Rush Township , claiming its antisludge ordinance illegally preempted the weaker state law and violated the company ’s constitutional right of due process .
It also sued each supervisor personally for one million dollars .
In response , Linzey recalls , one township supervisor asked , “ What the hell are the constitutional rights of corporations ? ”
A year later , PennAg Industries Association , a statewide agribusiness trade group , funded its own suit against the factory farm ordinance in Fulton County ’s Belfast Township on similar constitutional grounds .
Rulings on both suits are expected as early as mid-2004 .
It was only after those suits had been filed that the two Clarion County townships , Licking and Porter , took the historic step of passing ordinances to decree that within their townships , “ Corporations shall not be considered to be ‘ persons ’ protected by the Constitution of the United States , ” a measure that effectively declared their independence from corporate rule .
For Mik Robertson , the issue is simple : “ Those rights are meant for individuals . ”
He and his two fellow supervisors later revised their ordinance to also deny corporations the right to invoke the Constitution ’s Interstate Commerce Clause ; Porter Township is considering a similar amendment .
Several other townships are preparing their own versions of the corporate rights ordinance , according to Linzey .
Now , when a corporation claims that an antisludge ordinance violates its rights , the townships can simply say those rights do n’t apply here .
The corporation would then be forced to defend corporate personhood in a legal battle .
That has n’t happened yet , but Linzey and his allies have energized a statewide coalition that has vowed to fight the issue all the way to the Supreme Court , raising awareness along the way about a basic question of sovereignty :
By what authority can a conglomeration of capital and property , whose existence is granted by the public , deny the right of a sovereign people to govern itself democratically ?
Linzey predicts that such a suit could happen within a decade .
That battle , he says , could ignite populist sentiment across the country — even around the world .
Growing support for these issues was put to the test in 2002 , when agribusiness interests , displeased by the spread of ordinances prohibiting factory farming , began prodding the Pennsylvania state legislature to pass an even more severe bill than the 1997 directive .
This time there was no disguising it as waste - disposal regulation .
The 2002 bill had one explicitly stated purpose :
To strip away a township ’s right to control agriculture — including sludge applications — within its borders .
When it stalled in a senate committee , the Pennsylvania legislators renumbered the bill and rammed it through before their constituents noticed .
By the time CELDF found out about the bill , it was up for a vote in the house .
“ We ignited opposition almost overnight , ” Linzey recalls .
“ We were working with 100 - plus townships already .
All we had to do was notify them . ”
Within two weeks , the coalition included four hundred local townships , five countywide associations of township officials , the Sierra Club , two small - farmers groups , the citizens ’ rights group Common Cause — even the United Mine Workers ( whose members had been sickened by sewage sludge applied on mine reclamation sites ) , which invited in the formidable AFL - CIO .
“ It was like Sam Adams in 1766 , when the Townsend Acts were passed , ” says Linzey .
“ He had already built the mob , the rabble , and just had to alert the people that this was happening as an act of oppression . ”
Because the issue had been defined as protection of a community ’s right to self - determination , the bill became unpopular and was tabled indefinitely .
On Thanksgiving Eve 2002 , it met its end when a mandated voting period elapsed .
Astonishingly , the coalition had won .
In so defining the issue , the deliberations in Clarion County resonate far beyond its borders .
In recent years , judges , mayors , and a host of local and state legislators nationwide , whose authority as democratically elected representatives is similarly threatened by the increasing legal dominance of corporations , have begun to take action :
* In Minnesota , State Representative Bill Hilty has introduced a state constitutional amendment eliminating corporate personhood .
* The Arizona Green Party is campaigning for the passage of a similar amendment in their state .
* In the northern California town of Point Arena , legislators passed nonbinding resolutions in opposition to corporate personhood .
* Iowa , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , Oklahoma , North Dakota , South Dakota , and Wisconsin have all passed laws outlawing corporate ownership of farms .
But in the age of globalization , questions of sovereignty can no longer be addressed strictly within U.S. borders .
Clarion County ’s townships may pass an ordinance saying that a sludge hauler ’s constitutional rights do n’t apply .
“ But if there is foreign participation , say if they are partially German - owned or Canadian , ” says Victor Menotti of the International Forum on Globalization , “ you run up against another set of corporate rights under [ international ] trade agreements . ”
It was this other set of rights , the understanding of global “ corporate rule , ” that brought many of the forty thousand demonstrators to the streets of Seattle in December 1999 to shut down the meeting of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) .
It is also what incited subsequent demonstrations at the meeting of the World Bank in Prague in 2000 , the meeting of the G - 8 ( the eight most economically powerful countries ) in Genoa in 2001 , the Free Trade Area of the Americas meeting in Québec in 2001 , and most recently , the WTO meeting in Cancun .
Through it all , protesters have held fast to one principle : the right of a people to govern themselves , through their representatives , without obstruction by corporations .
One of the increasing number of public officials in the U.S. who face challenges to their sovereignty similar to those faced by their counterparts in the Pennsylvania townships is Velma Veloria , chair of the Washington State legislature ’s Joint Committee on Trade Policy .
For fifty - three - year - old Veloria , the 1999 Seattle demonstration against the WTO was a defining event .
Veloria realized that behind the tumult in the streets , “ there was a whole movement that was asking for accountability and transparency . ”
She imagined what might happen if a tanker that was not double - hulled spilled oil in Puget Sound .
She and her colleagues could pass a law requiring double hulls in Seattle harbor , but under the emerging rules of the WTO , such a law could meet the same fate as a Clarion County antisludge ordinance :
It could be attacked as interfering with the rights of corporations , as a barrier to trade .
“ It opened a whole new field for me about the sovereignty of the state , ” Veloria says .
California State Senator Liz Figueroa , chair of the Senate Select Committee on International Trade Policy and State Legislation , has faced similar quandaries .
In 2000 , Figueroa authored a bill that made it illegal for the state to do business with companies that employed slave or forced labor .
Figueroa explained to the city councils and constituents in her district that foreign trade imports produced by slave labor could undercut the local economy .
But as pragmatic and ethically incontestable as the bill sounds , it could potentially be challenged under the WTO ’s rules .
“ Our job is monumental , ” she says , referring to her efforts to explain how trade agreements can usurp democracy .
“ We have to make sure our own legislative offices even know of the conflict … we have to explain the reality of the situation . ”
Figueroa and Veloria are not alone .
International trade agreements such as the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , the WTO ’s General Agreement on Trade and Tariffs ( GATT ) , and the pending Free Trade Area of the Americas ( FTAA ) threaten the jurisdiction of any elected or appointed representative of a sovereign people at any level of government .
A National League of Cities resolution declared that the trade agreements could “ undermine the scope of local governmental authority under the Constitution . ”
Last year , the Conference of Chief Justices , consisting of the top judges from each state , wrote a letter to the U.S. Senate stating that the proposed FTAA “ does not protect adequately the traditional values of constitutional federalism ” and “ threatens the integrity of the courts of this country . ”
In California , Minnesota , Oregon , Washington , Massachusetts , and New Hampshire , state legislatures have expressed concern over trade agreements , as has the National Council of State Legislators .
Their statements , however more discreet , nonetheless echo the chants from the streets of Seattle : “ This is n’t about trade , this is n’t about business ; this is about democracy . ”
DESPITE THEIR ENORMOUS ramifications , most international trade agreements remain a mystery to the average American .
At the core , they are simple .
GATT and NAFTA cover the trade of physical goods between countries .
They can be used to override any country ’s protection of the environment , for example , or of workers ’ rights , by defining relevant laws and regulations as illegal “ barriers to trade . ”
They provide for a “ dispute resolution ” process , but the process routinely determines such laws to be in violation of the agreements .
In the case of GATT , a WTO member country can sue another member country on behalf of one of its corporations , on the grounds that a country ’s law has violated GATT trade rules .
The case is heard by a secret tribunal appointed by the WTO .
State and local officials are denied legal representation .
If the tribunal finds that a law or regulation of a country — or state or township — is a “ barrier to trade , ” the offending country must either rescind that law or pay the accusing country whatever amount the WTO decides the company had to forgo because of the barrier , a sum that can amount to billions of dollars .
In short , practitioners of democracy at any level can be penalized for interfering with international profit - making .
Through this process , WTO tribunals have overturned such U.S. laws as EPA standards for clean - burning gasoline and regulations banning fish caught by methods that endanger dolphins and sea turtles .
The WTO has also effectively undermined the use of the precautionary principle , by which practices can be banned until proven safe — in one recent instance superseding European laws forbidding the use of growth hormones in beef cattle .
A WTO tribunal dismissed laboratory evidence that such hormones may cause cancer because it lacked “ scientific certainty . ”
On similar grounds , the U.S. , on behalf of Monsanto and other American agribusiness giants , recently initiated an action under GATT challenging the European Union ’s ban on genetically modified food .
Under NAFTA , which covers Canada , Mexico , and the U.S. , a corporation can sue a government directly .
The case would also be heard by a secret tribunal , such as when Vancouver - based Methanex sued the U.S. over California ’s ban on a cancer - causing gas additive , MTBE .
The company , which manufactures the additive ’s key ingredient , claimed that the ban failed to consider its financial interests .
Since July 2001 , three men — one former U.S. official and two corporate lawyers — have held closed hearings on the thirteenth floor of World Bank headquarters in Washington , D.C. , to decide whether , in this instance , a democratically elected governor ’s executive order to protect the public should cost the U.S. $ 970 million in fines .
The FTAA , recently fast - tracked for negotiations to put it into effect by 2005 , would extend NAFTA ’s provisions to all of Latin America .
GATS , the General Agreement on Trade in Services , a recent trade agreement under the WTO , takes the usurpation of democracy one step further .
While GATT deals with the exchange of goods across international borders , GATS establishes certain privileges for transnational companies operating within a country .
It covers “ services , ” meaning almost anything from telecommunications to construction to mining to supplying drinking water .
It even includes functions that traditionally have been carried out or closely controlled by government , like postal services and social services such as welfare — even libraries .
Activists point out that the primary focus of the GATS is to limit government involvement , “ whether in the form of a law , regulation , rule , procedure , decision , administrative action or any other form , ” to quote the treaty itself .
Public Citizen ’s Lori Wallach has called GATS a “ massive attack on the most basic functions of local and state government . ”
Under GATS , any activity the federal government agrees to declare a “ service ” would be thrown open to privatization .
The supply and treatment of water is a timely example , since the European Union is currently pressing the United States to make water among the first of the services it places under GATS .
If clean drinking water is so declared , no government body in the U.S. could insist that it remain publicly managed .
If any government wanted to create a publicly owned water district , foreign corporate “ competitors ” would have the right to underbid the government for control of the service .
Just as important , a transnational company could challenge any rules — including environmental and health regulations — that would hamper its ability to profit from a business that is related to a service under GATS .
On March 28 , 2003 , twenty - nine California state legislators signed a letter of concern to U.S. Trade Representative Robert Zoellick about the provisions contained in GATS .
The letter states that GATS could usurp any government regulation , including nurse - to - patient staffing levels , laws against racial discrimination , worker health and safety laws , regulatory limits to oil drilling , and standards for everything from waste incineration to trace toxins in drinking water .
As a result , the letter states , GATS would “ jeopardize the public welfare and pose grave consequences for democratic governance throughout the world . ”
Veloria and Figueroa both believe that if state legislators are to challenge this “ power grab , ” in Veloria ’s words , they will have to organize among themselves .
“ One state can not do it alone .
We need to do it on a national scale . ”
Otherwise U.S. citizens may find themselves under the thumb of NAFTA and WTO trade tribunals , “ unelected bodies that have no accountability to the people . ”
At that point , Veloria asks , “ Why have state legislators , why have elected officials ? ”
IN HIS WORK WITH the rural Pennsylvania supervisors , Thomas Linzey ’s approach to domestic corporate rights may well illuminate how individuals , states , and nations can deal with international trade treaties .
“ Clarion County is one of many emerging examples of local communities reasserting their own authority to define how they want land managed and what sort of protections they want for their community , ” says antiglobalization organizer Victor Menotti .
“ It ’s when things like this come to light that people question what the hell we ’ve gotten ourselves into .
These local communities stand up , and others say , ‘ if they can do that , we can do that . ' ”
On many issues of local governance , Linzey believes , a state or local legislature “ could declare null and void the federal government ’s signature on GATT . ”
To him it would be the “ ultimate act of insurrection : saying governments have no constitutional authority to give away sovereign and democratic rights to international trade tribunals that operate in secrecy . ”
For now , Velma Veloria is still working through traditional channels .
In an attempt to remove the antidemocratic provisions of the trade treaties , her committee will take up the issue with the state ’s delegation to Congress .
But she is well aware that her colleagues , and the people of Washington State , may find that traditional route closed to them , as the Pennsylvania townships did in 1997 .
If that happens , the practice of democracy at the local level would require legislators to defy the trade agreements .
“ At some point we might get to where the people working with Linzey are , ” she says .
“ We may end up saying we do n’t recognize parts of the international trade agreements that impact us .
But that depends on the grassroots , on people demanding it . ”
There , too , the Pennsylvania coalition may offer some inspiration .
“ When the agribusiness folks filed suit over our anti-corporate farming laws , ” Linzey recalls , “ page one of the lawsuit said ‘ we the corporations are people and this ordinance violates our personhood rights . ’
When we photocopied that , people immediately understood how they ’re ruled by these constitutional rights and privileges .
It sparks a conversation . ”
The Pennsylvania township supervisors are backed by a determined grassroots movement , with a constituency “ ready to go to the mat for their binding law to establish a sustainable vision that does n’t include corporate rights and privileges , ” says Linzey .
“ The product is not the ordinance , ” he adds .
“ The product is the people . ”
THE PENNSYLVANIA ordinances express the will of a sovereign people who are exercising their right to create institutions that support their vision of how they wish to live .
And , as one would expect in a democratic society , the people of Pennsylvania wish to be the ones who define the rules under which those institutions may operate , be they governments or corporations .
History repeats itself .
In the course of asserting their sovereign rights , the citizens of rural Pennsylvania have undergone a profound change in personal identity and political consciousness not unlike that of their forebears .
As historian Lawrence Henry Gipson noted , “ The period from 1760 to 1775 is really the history of the transformation of the attitude of the great body of colonials from acquiescence in the traditional order of things to a demand for a new order . ”
People who for generations had considered themselves loyal Englishmen suddenly declared themselves to be citizens of a new nation , one based on the sovereignty of its citizens .
Veloria believes we are at a similar juncture today .
“ I have faith that the American people will stand up for themselves and for democracy .
They can only be pushed so far . ”
Anwar Ghuloum has posted his opinion about What Makes Parallel Programming Hard at the Intel Research Blogs ( which are buzzing with activity with regards to parallel programming at the moment ) .
The funny thing is , I have asked myself the same question last week , because I have just written a section in my PhD. - thesis about it .
And since at least some of my answers are different from his , I have decided to post them here .
But I do n’t want to get ahead of myself , as a good host of course I need to let the guest speak first .
Here are Anwar ’s reasons in a nutshell :
Finding The Parallelism Avoiding The Bugs Tuning Performance Future Proofing Using Modern Programming Methods
These are all good reasons .
Here are the reasons I have found , some of them overlap with Anwar ’s , some of them are new .
They are in no particular order , some are more important than others , but I am sure not the one to judge which one is the most important one in your particular situation or for most programmers .
Added Complexity
There are a number of steps involved in creating a parallel algorithm ( e.g. task decomposition , mapping and taking care of communication / synchronization issues ) .
None of these steps are necessary for a sequential program .
For most of them , there is no support from tools available .
The only thing that really helps is experience .
Naturally , these additional and difficult steps are the number one reason why parallel programming is considered difficult .
Parallel Programming is Error - Prone
Not only are there additional steps involved when creating parallel programs , but these steps are very prone to errors .
If the wrong task - decomposition is chosen , you might not see any performance increases from parallel programming ( I will have a post about task - decomposition next week ) .
If the wrong mapping is chosen , synchronization overhead may kill performance .
And if mistakes are made during the communication / synchronization phase , not only performance may suffer , but the program might not run or produce incorrect results altogether .
Too Little Knowledge of New , Innovative Parallel Programming Systems
There are some parallel programming systems out there that promise to be easier to use .
OpenMP is the primary example , but also e.g. functional ones like Erlang or Haskell .
The problem here is that most programmers do n’t even know about these systems or their strengths and weaknesses .
Parallel Programming is not yet Mainstream
A lot of information can be found about mainstream languages in books or on the Internet , where a lot of tutorials or solutions to common problems can be found .
Programming is easier , when there is a lot of help available .
The situation is different for most parallel programming systems .
There are some books available , but most of them concentrate on numerical algorithms and problems found in High Performance Computing .
The number of resources on the Internet talking about parallel programming is also quite thin , when compared to the more general topic of programming and software development .
Compilers Are Not as Well - Tested as their Sequential Counterparts
Working with a compiler that is not well - tested can be a huge problem .
A programmer can spend large amounts of time searching for mistakes in his code , when really the compiler is to blame .
In my experience , many compilers for parallel code are less well - tested than their sequential counterparts .
No Good Platform for Parallel Programming Available
There are a lot of tools available today to help programmers of sequential programs .
IDEs , Debuggers , Profilers , Correctness Tools are all important to make programming easier and together with the abstractions provided by the language and the libraries available they form a so - called platform .
For the parallel case , there are tools available for some systems , but they are usually not as good as their sequential counterparts .
Not Enough Powerful Abstractions Available
Programming in assembler is more difficult than programming in a higher - level language .
The languages used for parallel programming are often on a very low level , as each communication or synchronization operation needs to be managed in every detail by the programmer .
OpenMP is a good step in raising the level of abstraction , as it hides many details from the programmer .
A second aspect here is the lack of good libraries .
Programming becomes way easier , when the programmer can rely on powerful libraries to encapsulate complex behavior .
There are some numerical libraries available for many parallel programming systems , yet others are largely missing .
Lack of Standards / Portability
I have described earlier that parallel programming systems are not yet mainstream .
Related to this point , there are very little standards available , that programmers could rely on , especially when changing platforms .
OpenMP and Java Threads are a big win in this regard , since they enable portable parallel programming , even including the Microsoft Windows platform .
It Is difficult , to Move from a Sequential Program to a Parallel One
In most cases , parallelizing a sequential program is not an incremental process .
For many systems , the programmer has to start refactoring his code for parallelism and until that is completely done , there is no way to check any intermediate steps .
This is of course difficult .
OpenMP has a good approach to this problem , as it is quite easy to add pragmas one at a time without having to refactor the whole program at once .
It is Hard to Test Parallel Programs
Related to the last paragraph , testing parallel programs is a problem .
Most errors can be classified into one of the two categories : there are problems related to parallelism and there are problems with the actual algorithm .
Unfortunately , finding a mistake is difficult when the culprit could be in any of the two sources .
OpenMP once again gets it right , because it enables programmers to turn of parallelism for many programs and still get a correct , sequential one , that can be debugged for errors using the advance sequential debugging tools available .
Disclaimer
Some of them you may already know from my post on the Top 5 Reasons why I Hate Parallel Programming ( Sometimes ) .
You can see from a lot of these points , that I am using them to justify basing my research on OpenMP .
This shows that of course not all points are valid for each and every system , there is e.g. a lot of learning material available on Java Threads now , both on the net and in good books .
And there has never been a lack of good IDEs for that particular language .
But they are all I could think of and I am convinced most of them are true , at least for a large subset of the available parallel programming systems .
What is wasabi ?
Wasabi ( wah - sah - bee ) , often incorrectly called Japanese horseradish , is among the most misunderstood yet integral aspect of the sushi experience .
What looks like a lump of green putty is a very complex , spicy yet sweet complement to your sushi meal .
This sushi ( and noodle ) accompaniment provides a bounty of flavor , spiciness , and a dash of color to your dish while enhancing the subtle flavor of the fish .
So what is wasabi ?
Wasabi is a plant grown primarily in Japan with nascent horticulture now in the Pacific northwest of the US .
The root ( technically a rhizome ) is ground and used in foods to add spiciness and flavor .
It is a difficult plant to grow , requiring a rocky stream or riverbed and the proper mix of nutrients , and is therefore a somewhat rare commodity .
Wasabi , traditionally reserved for sushi and noodles , is now being incorporated into a plethora of foods ; however , ‘ wasabi ’ flavored items are not always actually wasabi flavored .
When dining and served wasabi with your sushi , the wasabi you are served is not always what it seems .
Due to a high demand and limited supply , what is often served with your sushi is a mix of American horseradish , mustard and coloring , which the Japanese call seiyō wasabi ( “ western wasabi ” ) .
This is because real wasabi can be hard to find or very expensive outside Japan ( up to $ 100 / lb ) .
Wasabi is also sometimes powdered and reconstituted with water , and while this is sometimes served as well , the volatile compounds that make wasabi so unique are lost when the rhizome is powdered , so what you end up is an inferior product ( which too is often mixed with American horseradish ) .
If you would like to be sure what you have , you can ask your wait staff if what you are served is ‘ real wasabi ’ or ‘ fresh wasabi ’ and if not , if it is available .
If you are served putty , more than likely it is not real .
Real wasabi is grated ( traditionally on a sharkskin grater called an oroshi ) and looks as such .
Fake wasabi is not and does not .
Just ask your wait staff for ‘ fresh wasabi ’ and if they have the real thing , they will usually return with a dish with a grated pile of the real thing , which is a very different experience from fake wasabi .
If you are buying wasabi in store , read the label to determine if you have real wasabi or something else .
Real wasabi has a fruity and vegetal fragrance , with a spiciness that does not linger and serves to enhance the flavor of the fish .
It has a bouquet and sweetness that stimulates the palate with balanced heat .
It does not hit with the intensity that fake wasabi does , and the spiciness quickly dissipates into the sweet vegetal flavor that is a perfect companion to sushi .
The hotness of wasabi is experienced more in the sinus than the tongue and is often an acquired taste .
Traditionally , the itamae ( sushi chef ) will put the proper amount of wasabi on nigiri sushi that he deems the proper amount for that particular fish .
More wasabi for more oily fish , and less for less oily fish .
Tradition states that one never put wasabi directly into one ’s dish of shoyu ( all of this is covered in more detail in our “ sushi etiquette ” section ) , however these days , feel free to do what you want , there really are no rules .
We put wasabi on everything and even it it by itself , it ’s quite an experience !
Wasabi has shown in studies to be anti-microbial and possibly anti-carcinogenic , the former may be why it has long been eaten with raw fish , which in the past was not handled with the care it is today .
It is also suggested that it may have anti-inflammatory and blood thinning properties , both useful to the medical community .
It is even used in toothpaste in Japan for its anti-bacterial properties !
As you can plainly see , wasabi is a unique plant and more intriguing food .
While a mystery to many , this sushi side item is actually very important to many sushi connoisseurs .
If you have the opportunity to try the real thing you should be pleasantly surprised .
This rare commodity is a spicy treat that is finally being given the praise it deserves as it spreads throughout the food community .
4th Amendment Rights Extended to E- Mail
This is a great piece of news in the U.S.
For the first time , e-mail has been granted the same constitutional protections as telephone calls and personal papers : the police need a warrant to get at it .
Now it ’s only a circuit court decision — the Sixth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Ohio — it ’s pretty narrowly defined based on the attributes of the e-mail system , and it has a good chance of being overturned by the Supreme Court … but it ’s still great news .
The way to think of the warrant system is as a security device .
The police still have the ability to get access to e-mail in order to investigate a crime .
But in order to prevent abuse , they have to convince a neutral third party — a judge — that accessing someone ’s e-mail is necessary to investigate that crime .
That judge , at least in theory , protects our interests .
Clearly e-mail deserves the same protection as our other personal papers , but — like phone calls — it might take the courts decades to figure that out .
But we ’ll get there eventually .
Posted on June 25 , 2007 at 4:13 PM • 27 Comments
Those robo - dragonflies may not be the only creatures keeping an eye on you .
For many years now intelligence agencies have been looking at drones disguised as birds .
These days flapping - wing ‘ ornithopters ’ are not easy to tell apart from birds – take a look at this video of a robo - peregrine and some seagulls and see how long it takes you to spot the impostor .
But even back in the 1970 ’s you could build something that did a pretty good impression of a soaring bird seen from a distance .
This was the CIA ’s 1970 Project Aquiline , one of those top - secret program carried out at Area 51 .
That ’s the only known model of it in the photo .
The plane ’s mission was to intercept signals from deep inside enemy territory , hence the need for the bird camouflage .
The project was headed by Lt Col John H. " Hank " Meierdierck , who tells the story in his online autobiography .
The relationship with contractors McDonnell Douglas was the problem :
The vehicle was a six foot long plane that had a small pusher prop and actually looked like an eagle or buzzard when it was in the air .
It was designed to fly at very low levels along communications lines and intercept their messages .
It also had a small television in the nose as an aid to navigation and to photograph targets of opportunity .
There were several successful flights and some crashes [ reason unknown ] and some lousy landings .
This small vehicle was launched from inclined rails and was recovered in a large net strung between two poles .
Progress was passable , but then came budget time .
The contractor predicts the amount of money needed since I did not have the intimate knowledge of the development expenses .
I had
$ 11 million for the following year and I advised McDonnell of this fact and asked for the next years operating budget .
They came back to me with a $ 110 million forecast .
Ridiculous !
I returned to HDQ and discussed it with the bosses and they suggested that I give them two weeks to adjust the amount and then to come to DC with the result and have Macdonald Douglas present their budget .
I did just that .
They decided to back into the $ 110 million number rather than actually justify the true amounts needed .
A grave error .
I was forced to interrupt them many times during the presentation to point out errors and outright lies .
Upon the completion , I was asked for my comments .
I
explained that we really needed only $ 11 million and could not possibly spend the larger amount .
I also pointed out their exaggerations , padded costs for items and the brazen lies that they tried to force on the group .
My big boss asked me what I thought we ought to do .
I
stated , in no uncertain terms that since this group tried to charge 110
Million for a 11 Million job , that I could n’t trust them and that “ WE
SHOULD CANCEL THE PROGRAM . "
He said " I think that you are correct .
Program canceled ” .
That was the end of Aquline .
A typical story of Area 51 : no aliens or weird science , but a bold attempt to pump up the budget of a black program outside of government oversight .
Hank Meierdierck was a brave man – by terminating the project he put himself out of a job .
Few people have the honesty to make that sort of stand .
Meanwhile , where is the successor to Aquiline ?
I ’ve no idea , but perhaps some of those vultures circling above Afghanistan may not be real vultures .
( Aquiline is not to be confused with Aquila , a small US army drone from the same era which also ended in expensive failure . )
ALSO :
* Video : Dragonfly Drones in Flight
* Insect Drones " Spotted on U.S. Streets
* Beamed Power for Dragonfly Spies
* DARPA ’s Sex Slave Insects
* Robo Fly , Built to Spy
* Robo-Critter for River War
* Military Cyborg Menagerie
* Cyborg Flying Rats Invade China
* Cyborg Pigeons Revealed !
* Bug Eyes , Bat Ears for Mini- Drones
SOME ways of cutting carbon are cheaper than others .
So , at different carbon prices , different sorts of methods of abatement become worthwhile .
Vattenfall , a Swedish power utility , has tried to quantify which ones would be worth undertaking at what price ( see chart 3 ) .
The result is a testament to economic irrationality .
The measures below the horizontal line have a negative abatement cost — in other words , by carrying them out , people and companies could both cut emissions and save money .
At a macroeconomic level they would boost , rather than reduce , economic growth .
Lighting , for instance , accounts for some 19 % of the world 's electricity use .
A standard incandescent light bulb costs around € 1 , says Theo van Deursen , chief executive of Philips Lighting , and uses € 15 - worth of electricity a year .
A low - energy one costs € 5 - 6 and uses € 3 - worth .
The payback on investing in a compact fluorescent bulb , therefore , is less than a year .
Yet low - energy lighting makes up only 30 % of Philips 's sales .
Mr van Deursen admits to being disappointed .
Sales are rising faster in the developing world : there , people pay more attention to electricity bills than they do in the rich world .
Economists trying to explain this apparent irrationality suggest that the savings are too small and the effort involved in change too large .
People find their electricity bills too boring to think about ; within companies , those responsible for keeping bills down may not have the authority to spend the necessary capital .
Another explanation is the agency problem : that the developer who would have to pay higher capital costs up front will not be forking out for the electricity bills .
Besides , people buy houses not because they have good insulation but because they have pretty views .
Compared with pursuing greater energy efficiency , the abatement measures into which so much money is now being poured look rather expensive .
Carbon capture and storage and wind and solar power , for instance , all have positive , and relatively high , abatement costs .
But the cheapest sources of abatement are difficult for policymakers to get at .
Billions of different actors are involved .
They can not be targeted in the way that a few hundred factories can .
What is more , a moderate carbon price is not likely to be effective , since people clearly do not care enough about cost .
One policy option is to decouple the utilities ' revenues from the amount of electricity they sell .
That gives them an incentive to increase the efficiency of power usage rather than to produce and sell extra power .
California is already doing this , which is presumably why electricity prices there are among the highest in America , while consumption is relatively low .
Energy - efficiency standards , such as building regulations , are another option .
Economists generally prefer to avoid rules that specify what companies can produce and how , because they require governments , rather than markets , to allocate resources , and markets tend to do a better job .
But if , as in this case , a public as well as a private good is involved , and the market does not seem to be doing its job properly , there is an argument for governments giving it a nudge .
There are lots of energy - efficiency regulations in place already , and they are being tightened .
Incandescent light bulbs are the top target at the moment .
Both the European Union and Australia said earlier this year that they are planning to ban them .
But the man in the vanguard of this green revolution is Fidel Castro , who started phasing them out two years ago .
Debt Help for Your Secured and Unsecured Debt
DebtHelp.com is the one site and the one solution for all of your debt consolidation needs .
Let our staff of financial experts , innovative technology and collection of helpful articles assist you in finding your debt solutions .
By providing simple and secure quotes for nearly a dozen different debt products , we help our customers to rid themselves of debt quickly and easily .
Debt Consolidation Loans , Settlement , and Credit Counseling
Whether you are looking for a consolidation loan , credit counseling , or simply to eliminate your debt quickly , DebtHelp.com has a solution for you .
Debt consolidation comes in many different forms , so let our helpful guide , articles , and fast , secure solution finder assist you in finding your best course of action .
Debt Consolidation Answer a few simple questions .
What state do you live in ?
Select Your State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming
How much credit card debt do you have ?
$ 0 - $ 9,999 $ 10,000 - $ 14,999 $ 15,000 - $ 19,999 $ 20,000 - $ 39,999 $ 40,000 - $ 59,999 $ 60,000 or More
Mortgage Refinance , Home Equity Loans , and Second Mortgages
Using your home and your equity to secure a consolidation loan can be one of the quickest and safest ways to eliminate high interest debt .
By using your home for collateral , you can greatly improve your chances of acquiring a low interest loan , and you also can borrow more than you would be able to through a personal loan .
There are important differences to understand between second mortgages , refinances , and home equity loans , so please read our guide , browse our articles , and use our solution finder to receive your quote .
Student Loan Consolidation Programs for Federal and Private Loans
Nearly 50 % of all college graduates leave school with private or federal loans , and the average US student leaves with at least $ 10,000 to repay .
This can be a substantial burden for recent graduates , which makes student loan consolidation a smart - and sometimes necessary - choice for any graduate in need of debt help .
Consolidation of federal loans is easy , and might save you hundreds of dollars by lowering your interest rate .
Read our guide to federal and private student loans , browse our articles on the topic .
Tax Loans , Offer in Compromise , Garnishments , Payment Plans
Dealing with the IRS can be a very daunting task to take on alone .
Fortunately , tax specialists exist to help guide you through the process of eliminating tax debt .
By using DebtHelp.com , you will be able to connect with top tax experts in the US and regain control over your taxes , rather than having your taxes control you .
Browse our quick guide to tax debt , our large archive of tax articles , and then use our solution finder to contact a tax specialist .
Are pop gender studies from Uranus ?
In the Sunday Times ( of London ) , Ed Caesar has an article about Deborah Cameron 's recent book , The myth of Mars and Venus ( " Talking tosh on Mars and Venus " , 10/7/2007 ) .
His tone is just a little bit patronizing ( though perhaps he 's only being British , it 's sometimes hard for me to tell the difference ) :
So it turns out that after all the rows about the washing up , the shopping and the school run , men are not from Mars nor women from Venus .
Both sexes are , rather prosaically , from Earth .
And , despite anecdotal evidence to the contrary , men and women do speak the same language .
At least we do according to Deborah Cameron , Britain 's pre-eminent feminist philologist ( not often that you meet one of them ) and the current Rupert Murdoch professor of language and communication at Oxford University .
Cameron , 48 , is a firebrand with an impressive list of pet peeves , including Tories , Darwinists , GNER 's passenger service announcements , Big Brother 's language " so- called " experts , man-hating " pseudo - feminists " and societies for the protection of the semicolon .
Do n't get her started on Lynne Truss .
But the subject that has irked her most recently -- enough for Cameron to dedicate an entire book to bludgeoning its brains out -- is what she calls The Myth of Mars and Venus , published last week by Oxford University Press .
In it Cameron tears into such seminal works as John Gray 's Men are From Mars , Women are From Venus and Deborah Tannen 's You Just Don�'t Understand : Women and Men in Conversation .
On the other hand , it 's a long article in a major publication , and Caesar often gets out of the way and lets Cameron speak :
" The main thing about the book is that I wanted to offer people more than the evidence - free rubbish they get every day , " says Cameron .
" My pitch was basically the CSI pitch : let the evidence tell the story . "
Where the book becomes interesting is when she asks why we have become interested in these myths .
" The first point to make is that in the past 20 years we have become obsessed by communication , " she says .
" And that 's not just in relationships ; it 's in customer care , it 's in politics .
All problems are seen to be communication problems .
" If , for instance , anyone disagrees with someone else , it 's seen to be because they do n't understand each other .
Well , actually you could understand me and still disagree with me .
Likewise , if a train is delayed or cancelled , all anyone 's interested in is whether there is an appropriate announcement .
Communication has become a substitute for actual problem solving .
" Where this relates to the Mars and Venus books is that they say problems in relationships between men and women are all down to communication .
The misunderstandings are not , for instance , about the fact that men and women are both vying for jobs , or power , or status , or time .
That 's quite comforting to a lot of people .
" There has been a revolution in gender politics -- there is much more blurring between the roles of men and women -- and I think a lot of men and women are uneasy about that .
Books like Mars and Venus tell us that although men and women may be very similar on the outside , we are profoundly different on a deeper level -- that we 're ' hard - wired ' differently . "
I have n't read the book yet , but conveniently , as of today , The Myth of Mars and Venus is orderable from amazon.com in the U.S. ( though there 's a note that " This item is not immediately available to ship " ) .
I 'm reluctant to dismiss all claims about differences in communication styles as " evidence - free rubbish " ( some further discussion is here ) , but I 'm certainly sympathetic to Cameron 's appeal to " let the evidence tell the story " .
[ Meanwhile , three excerpts from the book have been published in the Guardian : " What language barrier ? " , " Speak up , I can't hear you " , " and " Back down to Earth " . ]
Posted by Mark Liberman at October 8 , 2007 09:49 AM
I just ca n’t get over the fact that whenever I watch the presidential debates – and trust me , my interest is waning fast ( I mean , how many of these non-debates can you actually watch ? ) – the only people who really shine are Kucinich , Gravel and Paul .
The only problem ?
They ’re kind of crazy .
Then again , Paul is taking crazy all the way to the bank :
Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul , aided by an extraordinary outpouring of Internet support Monday , hauled in more than $ 3.5 million in 20 hours .
Paul , the Texas congressman with a Libertarian tilt and an out - of - Iraq pitch , entered heady fundraising territory with a surge of Web - based giving tied to the commemoration of Guy Fawkes Day .
Fawkes was a British mercenary who failed in his attempt to kill King James I on Nov. 5 , 1605 .
He also was the model for the protagonist in the movie “ V for Vendetta . ”
Paul backers motivated donors on the Internet with mashed - up clips of the film on the online video site YouTube as well as the Guy Fawkes Day refrain : “ Remember , remember the 5th of November . ”
Paul ’s total deposed Mitt Romney as the single - day fundraising record holder in the Republican presidential field .
When it comes to sums amassed in one day , Paul now ranks only behind Democrats Hillary Rodham Clinton , who raised nearly $ 6.2 million on June 30 , and Barack Obama .
En ce début d’année 2019 , sur la liste de vos résolutions , stopper la procrastination .
Coupez les écrans et n’oubliez pas d’utiliser le numérique pour travailler moins , mais mieux !
La priorité est de protéger vos contenus sur tous les appareils avec un système de sécurité informatique performant .
Protégez également votre vie privée .
Sur les réseaux sociaux , ne faites pas la course aux contacts et ciblez votre audience pour vos publications de statuts , de photos de vous ou vos enfants , etc .
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - A nude car wash offering an X - rated sideshow and topless cleaning in Australia ’s tropical Queensland state has been given the all - clear after police and officials said they were powerless to scrub it .
The Bubbles ‘ n’ Babes car wash in Brisbane prompted a flood of complaints with a topless car wash for A$ 55 ( $ 45 ) and a nude car wash with X - rated lap - dance service for A$ 100 .
“ If it was approved for a car wash then I ca n’t imagine how we can stop them , ” Lord Mayor Campbell Newman told a council meeting with worried local lawmakers .
Professional car washes have boomed in most cities with drought - stricken Australians banned from washing their own cars due to tough water restrictions .
Queensland police denied any cover - up in a state where their image has been dented by past accusations of police corruption and involvement with organized crime .
The raunchy wash , set up by a strip - club owner , was screened from the public and used recycled water to avoid breaching water use restrictions , they said .
“ We do n’t want any traffic accidents caused by people looking at the girls instead of looking at the road , ” Superintendent Colin Campbell told local media .
ATLANTA , Oct. 15 — For the first time in more than 100 years , much of the Southeast has reached the most severe category of drought , climatologists said Monday , creating an emergency so serious that some cities are just months away from running out of water .
In North Carolina , Gov. Michael F. Easley asked residents Monday to stop using water for any purpose “ not essential to public health and safety . ”
He warned that he would soon have to declare a state of emergency if voluntary efforts fell short .
“ Now I do n’t want to have to use these powers , ” Mr. Easley told a meeting of mayors and other city officials .
“ As leaders of your communities , you know what works best at the local level .
I am asking for your help . ”
Officials in the central North Carolina town of Siler City estimate that without rain , they are 80 days from draining the Lower Rocky River Reservoir , which supplies water for the town ’s 8,200 people .
The evolution of excuses for blundering into and maintaining the Iraq War is becoming comical .
The first excuse was weapons of mass destruction .
Do you remember the constant talk about weapons of mass destruction , " the worst weapons in the hands of the worst dictator " ?
Do you remember how President Bush said the sole reason for the war was to disarm Saddam Hussein ?
Do you remember how we were warned about a smoking gun that could be a mushroom cloud ?
Do you remember how Iraq was an " imminent " threat to the world ?
Do you remember how a 65 - year - old dictator , widely acknowledged as not the smartest guy in the world , was compared to Hitler , who had put together a regime and an army that conquered Europe ?
Well , oops .
Not a single weapon of mass destruction was found in the country .
Furthermore , the Iraqis had said there were no weapons of mass destruction .
To cover their behinds , U.S. officials started peddling the story that Saddam wanted people to believe he had weapons of mass destruction .
That U.S. lie did n’t fly because Saddam and his government repeatedly denied that the weapons existed .
Furthermore , Iraq had invited in U.N. inspectors who were verifying the absence of weapons , which was one reason Bush forced the inspectors out by going to war .
He had to start his war before the inspectors proved his bogus intelligence amounted to a pack of lies .
Enter the second excuse : Bush wants to spread democracy in the Middle East , starting with Iraq .
That never progressed past elections because , as everyone familiar with the country knew or should have known , a vote would elect a Shia majority with two fractious minorities , Kurds and Sunnis .
This is the government that has proven to be totally ineffective .
It also greatly increased the influence of Iran .
It has sparked the civil war in Iraq .
Bush lately has hinted that his faith in democracy is weakening by implying that a reasonable authority would be acceptable .
Trouble is , the U.S. ca n’t even find a dictator willing to take the job , given the present situation .
Now , when the issue has become getting Americans home from a war that has lasted longer than World War II , the final excuse is to trot out the empire ’s favorite ambiguity : stability .
If we leave Iraq , instability will result .
It ’s hard to believe anyone can say that with a straight face .
Iraq is unstable already .
It ’s in the midst of civil war , with a million refugees and displaced people , hundreds of thousands of dead and wounded , its economy a total wreck , and virtually all work on repairing the infrastructure at a standstill .
Ironically , the last time Iraq was stable was when Saddam was in power .
Iraq is unstable because we made it unstable .
We destroyed Iraq ’s infrastructure , its economy and its government .
We did .
One of the most shameful lies peddled by the Bush administration has been to blame the poor state of Iraq ’s infrastructure on Saddam .
We destroyed that infrastructure with wars , bombings and medieval sanctions .
The miracle is that with all we were doing , Saddam managed to produce more electricity and more oil than our occupation has been able to produce .
Finally , how is it the U.S. can claim that after four years , there is no trained Iraqi army and police force able to handle security ?
We send kids into combat with about 16 weeks of training .
And why is the U.S. building the largest embassy in the world in a Third World country that is in chaos ?
What Bush has done is destroy the credibility of the U.S. , sully our reputation almost beyond repair , demonstrate the weakness of our leadership and the vulnerability of our military , and convince many people in the world that we are an evil nation of idiots led by fools .
Let ’s at least hope that he destroys the Republican Party , too .
It deserves a zero existence .
America 's Next Top National Security Advisor
Back in the fall of 2002 , I saw something written by Lee Feinstein about how we had to hold Iraq accountable for its terrifying WMD .
Why ?
Because to do otherwise would irrevocably weaken the UN .
Oh noes !!!
I recognized Feinstein from the Clinton administration , and sent him email listing dozens and dozens of serious violations of UN resolutions by the US and our allies .
I asked him if he were aware of this , and how he thought people in other countries would perceive his current fervor for the sanctity of UN edicts .
Feinstein seemed genuinely taken aback .
He said something like , " I never thought of it like that . "
I assume that , since then , he 's continued not thinking of it like that .
Because he 's probably going to be National Security Advisor in the Hillary Clinton administration :
" A lot of Obama 's advisers thought this was a stupid war in 2002 , and a lot of Hillary 's advisers thought it was a good idea in 2002 , " said one Democrat with a national security résumé .
" That 's the original sin which causes people to make some choices . "
" The campaign 's advisers reflect a broad spectrum of opinion within the Democratic Party , " countered Clinton national security guru Lee Feinstein ...
Another Foreign Affairs essay , co-written in 2004 by Feinstein , is also drawing scrutiny .
It argues Bush 's controversial doctrine of " preemptive " war - attacking an enemy before it attacks the U.S. - " does not go far enough . "
Feinstein , a former Defense and State department official , supported ousting Saddam in 2003 and believed Iraq had weapons of mass destruction .
Since then he has championed the concept of a " duty to prevent , " which justifies preemptive strikes .
He said the U.S. should try to build coalitions , but that it can attack without allies ' support .
It 's safe to say that all this massive violating of international law will be done because it is crucial that we strengthen international law .
Posted at November 29 , 2007 01:42 PM
The first machines have started rolling off the production line
Computer manufacturer Quanta has started building the low - cost laptops at a factory in Changshu , China .
One Laptop per Child ( OLPC ) , the group behind the project , said that children in developing countries would begin receiving machines this month
Last month , OLPC received its first official order for 100,000 machines from the government of Uruguay .
" Today represents an important milestone in the evolution of the One Laptop per Child project , " said Nicholas Negroponte , founder of OLPC .
The organisation had reached the critical stage despite " all the naysayers , " he said .
Price hike
Since Professor Negroponte first put forward the idea of distributing low - cost laptop to children in developing countries in 2002 , the plan has been both praised and mocked .
Intel chairman Craig Barret described the XO laptop , as the machine is known , as a " $ 100 gadget " whilst Microsoft founder Bill Gates questioned its lack of hard drive and " tiny screen " .
Other critics have questioned the need for the laptops in countries which , they said , had more pressing needs such as sanitation and health care .
But Professor Negroponte has always maintained that the project is about education not technology .
However , the green and white XO machines pack a number of innovations which make them suitable for use in remote and environmentally hostile areas .
The machine has no moving parts and can be easily maintained .
It has a sunlight - readable display that allows children to use it outside and , importantly for areas with little access to electricity , it is ultra low power and can be charged by a variety of devices including solar panels .
Although OLPC eventually plan to sell the machines for $ 100 or less , the current price is $ 188 ( £93 ) .
Christmas gift
Initially OLPC has said that it required three million orders of the XO to make production viable .
Uruguay is the first country to order the machines
Governments were originally offered the machines in lots of 250,000 .
So far , however , the organisation 's only confirmed order is from Uruguay .
The South American country has ordered 100,000 of the machines with an option to purchase a further 300,000 .
Other governments have expressed interest in the machines .
For example , the government of Mongolia has announced that it plans to launch a pilot project providing 20,000 laptops , to children aged six to 12 .
OLPC has also allowed a limited number of the machines to be bought by people in North America through its Give 1 Get 1 programme ( G1G1 ) , which will allow members of the public to buy a machine for themselves as well as one for a child in a developing country .
The programme will offer laptops between the 12 and 26 November .
OLPC said that the start of production means that people participating in the scheme will receive their XO by December this year .
A file photo of members of band the Chthonic posing with their awards for the Best Band at the 14th Golden Melody Awards in Taipei on August 2 , 2003 .
REUTERS / Kenny
Wu
TAIPEI ( Reuters ) - After 14 failed attempts at joining the United Nations using media campaigns and presidential appeals , Taiwan is turning to a local goth - style rock band backed by Ozzy Osbourne in its quest for membership to the world body .
The band , named ChthoniC , will travel to at least 80 cities in four countries by the end of the year , supported in part by the Taiwan government , which is providing pro-U.N. literature and a slogan - painted truck .
The band will visit Canada , Germany , Britain and the United States .
ChthoniC has also recorded a song urging the United Nations to let Taiwan join , even though its bid for membership keeps getting knocked down because of objections from Beijing .
“ I ’m not for any political party , but I ’m for my poor country ’s joining the United Nations , ” band lyricist Freddy Lim told reporters on Wednesday at the tour ’s launch .
Ozzy Osbourne , a satanic - theme rocker known for biting heads off bats on stage , is helping set up 20 of the U.S. gigs , paying some transport costs and letting the Taiwan band promote U.N. membership as it wishes , Lim said .
He said the band hooked up with Osbourne through personal connections .
Taiwan ’s leadership came up with the idea as it prepares to reapply for U.N. membership later this year , the cabinet ’s news office said on Tuesday .
China blocks self - ruled Taiwan ’s applications every year because it sees the island as part of its territory and not a separate country .
The two sides split after civil war in 1949 , and Taiwan left the United Nations in 1971 under Chinese pressure .
Think Tank :
A vote tally with a paper record would only raise costs , create confusion
As PC World reports , a recent report issued by the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation states its case against the requirement of a paper trail alongside an electronic vote tally , saying that such a requirement would offer no security benefit and only raise voting systems ' operating costs .
ITIF 's Daniel Castro says that the proposed requirement would prevent the use of " innovative voting technology , " which his report says offers " more security , transparency and reliability " than paper alone .
While the U.S. House mulls a bill that would enforce such a requirement , Castro insists that the " human element , " along with disputes between the paper and electronic records , would make an accurate vote count impossible .
" People would n't know which record was accurate , " says Castro , " the paper or the electronic record . "
Contrary to Castro 's assertion that voting machines can be trusted as other electronic systems are , says Association for Computing Machinery chairman Eugene Spafford , machines such as ATMs and computer databases are held to standards that voting machines are not .
ACM does n't call for elimination of electronic voting machines , but for random audits and paper trails .
Says VerifiedVoting president Pamela Smith : " Consider the source . "
" This is an industry body that has come out with this screed to support the industry . "
Read the entire PC World article HERE .
Home
It 's Time to Stop Calling Circuits " Hardware " F. Vahid .
It 's Time to Stop Calling Circuits " Hardware " .
IEEE Computer Magazine , September 2007 .
The advent of field - programmable gate arrays requires that we stop calling circuits â€œhardwareâ€ 
and , more generally , that we broaden our concept of what constitutes â€ œsoftware .â€ ...
Developing modern embedded software capable of executing on multiprocessor and FPGA platforms requires expertise not just in temporally oriented modeling ( W comes after X ) like writing sequential code but also in spatially oriented modeling ( Y connects with Z ) like creating circuits .
An interesting take on where programming should be heading in the future -- and consequently , where programming languages should also be heading .
This article is somewhat related to the recent discussion here on LtU about An interesting take on where programming should be heading in the future -- and consequently , where programming languages should also be heading .
This article is somewhat related to the recent discussion here on LtU about FPGA CPUs .
As the excerpt above illustrates , Vahid draws a distinction between what he calls " temporally - oriented " computing , which focuses on sequence , and " spatially - oriented " computing , which focuses on connectivity of components .
His basic argument is that traditional programming languages ( and traditional programming education ) focus on temporally - oriented computing , but that the growing use of FPGAs as an integral part of many systems ( particularly embedded systems ) necessitates a greater emphasis on programming in a spatially - oriented mode .
We do n't tend to talk too much about " hardware description " languages like VHDL and Verilog here on LtU , but perhaps they are the answer ( or at least part of the answer ) to Ehud 's recent question about which languages we should be discussing to " stay ahead the curve " .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
Recent research from Vidi researcher Josef Stuefer at the Radboud University Nijmegen reveals that plants have their own chat systems that they can use to warn each other .
Therefore plants are not boring and passive organisms that just stand there waiting to be cut off or eaten up .
Many plants form internal communications networks and are able to exchange information efficiently .
Many herbal plants such as strawberry , clover , reed and ground elder naturally form networks .
Individual plants remain connected with each other for a certain period of time by means of runners .
These connections enable the plants to share information with each other via internal channels .
They are therefore very similar to computer networks .
But what do plants want to chat to each other about ?
Recently Stuefer and his colleagues were the first to demonstrate that clover plants warn each other via the network links if enemies are nearby .
If one of the plants is attacked by caterpillars , the other members of the network are warned via an internal signal .
Once warned , the intact plants strengthen their chemical and mechanical resistance so that they are less attractive for advancing caterpillars .
Thanks to this early warning system , the plants can stay one step ahead of their attackers .
Experimental research has revealed that this significantly limits the damage to the plants .
However there are two sides to the coin .
That is not just the case for the Internet but also for plants .
It appears that plant viruses can use the infrastructure present to rapidly spread through the connected plants .
The infection of one plant therefore leads to the infection of all plants within the network .
This research clearly reveals that the general image of plants is a poor reflection of reality .
Who had now suspected that the majority of plants around us are constantly internetting ?
Source : Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research
Explore further Design for a space habitat with artificial gravity that could be enlarged over time to fit more people
Here you can enjoy the 25 Brain Teasers , Puz­zles & Games that Sharp­Brains read­ers ( pri­mar­i­ly adults , but younger minds too ) have enjoyed the most since 2010 .
It is always good to learn more about our brains and to exer­cise them !.
Fun teasers on how our brains and minds work :
1 . You think you know the col­ors ?
Try the Stroop Test
2 . You say you can count ?
Check out this brief atten­tion exper­i­ment
3 . Test your stress lev­el
4. Guess :
Are there more con­nec­tions in one human brain or leaves in the whole Ama­zon ?
Challenge your cognitive abilities with these brain teaser games :
5 . Quick brain teasers to flex two key men­tal mus­cles
6 . Count the Fs in this sen­tence
7 . Can you iden­tify Apple ’s logo ?
Visual illusions :
8 . Ten clas­sic opti­cal illu­sions to trick your mind
9 . What do you see ?
10 . Fun Men­tal Rota­tion chal­lenge
11 . What is going on with these pic­tures ?
Language and logic mind teasers :
12 . Which way is the bus head­ing ?
13 .
Where do words go ?
14 . Join this par­ty for poly­glots
15 . Fun & Brainy Haikus .
Yours ?
A few visual workouts to challenge your mind :
16 . Is a cir­cle a cir­cle ?
17 . Less obvi­ous than it may appear
18 . How many …
How ’s your pattern recognition ?
19 . Proverbs to exer­cise your mem­ory and rea­son­ing
20 .
Find the miss­ing num­ber in The Emp­ty Tri­an­gle
21 . Good puz­zle for the whole brain : The Blind Beg­gar
22 . Find the the Real­ly , Real­ly , Real­ly Big Num­ber
Fun brain teasers for the workplace :
23 . Please con­sider Lin­da ’s job prospects
24 . A few guessti­ma­tions often used in con­sult­ing and tech inter­views
25 .
How many golf balls can fit in a school bus ?
A newly - formed group claiming to support Mike Huckabee hit the phones of Iowa Republicans tonight with an automated push - poll attacking Huckabee 's GOP opponents and praising the former Arkansas governor .
Officials representing the Iowa campaigns of Fred Thompson , John McCain and Rudy Giuliani all said that their supporters contacted them to complain about the calls .
A spokesman for Romney 's campaign said they had gotten reports of calls , but did not know of anything negative being said about their candidate .
For each target , the pattern was the same -- a recorded message using voice recognition technology asked the recipient if they would participate in the caucuses , considered themselves pro-life and thought marriage should be between a man and a woman .
Then the dirt came , right after those called were asked which candidate they were backing .
For all three , the calls were phrased in the same manner : " If you knew that ... "
But different candidates were targeted with different attacks .
For Thompson it was his past lobbying for an abortion rights group , his support of McCain - Feingold and that McCain - Feingold had also been known as " McCain - Feingold - Thompson . "
For Giuliani , it was that he's " pro-abortion , " supports civil unions and that " his police chief and business partner has been indicted " on various charges .
And for McCain , it was about his support for campaign finance reform and opposition to a Constitutional amendment banning gay marriage .
At the end , the automated voice directed the recipient of the call to www.trusthuckabee.com
On their professionally - done site , Trust Huckabee describes itself as a " grassroots independent organization committed to educating voters to support Governor Mike Huckabee for the Republican Nomination for President of the United States " and notes that they are n't " authorized by any candidate or candidate 's committee . "
But they would seem to be taking a major role in Huckabee 's Iowa operation .
Upon clicking " Join Now , " users are directed to a page meant to solicit precinct captains for the Arkansan 's caucus effort .
" At this stage the single most important thing you can do is to volunteer to become a TrustHuckabee Precinct Captain , " the site says .
" What this means is that you will receive a packet explaining how we can help you win your precinct caucus for Governor Huckabee . "
Below this explanation is a form for interested supporters to fill out their contact information .
And in the " Welcome " portion of the site , the group promises to spend " thousands of dollars in advertising and telemarketing to ID supporters and generate a massive turnout for Huckabee at the caucuses . "
But Huckabee 's Iowa state director , Eric Woolson , said in a phone interview that he had n't heard of the group or their website until I inquired about the phone calls .
He did say , though , that the campaign " does n’t engage in this sort of conduct , " alluding to the negative messaging .
While on the phone , however , he received an e-mail from a supporter in the field who had sent in word of the calls .
This person described the same automated opening as in the other calls to Woolson , but when the recipient said he supported Huckabee he got positive information about the former governor 's pro-life stance , economic record and efforts to improve the state 's education system .
An e-mail to the address on the ' Trust Huckabee " homepage was not immediately returned .
The group claims to be affilliated with a larger 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) called " Common Sense Issues . "
A link to this group 's homepage turns up a vague website that appears to be a third - party conservative group .
A video posted is an attack spot against Rep. Mark Udall ( D - CO ) , a Senate candidate next year .
The page has links back to the " Trust Huckabee " page and also includes news stories about " Key States , " all of which are Republican - leaning and have incumbent Democratic senators up next year .
Groups called " Common Sense Ohio " and " Common Sense 2006 " last year spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to attack Democrats in targeted Senate races using similar such automated calls as went into Iowa tonight , per the New York Times .
These groups were led by executives at Cincinnati - based Procter & Gamble , one of whom , Nathan Estruth , is now a Huckabee donor .
But " Common Sense 2006 " also received money from the RGA , which was led by Romney last cycle .
Whoever is behind the calls has angered some Iowans .
Sandy Greiner , a Republican state Representative and Thompson supporter , said in an interview that the call lasted less than five minutes -- but that that was long enough .
" It ’s kind of dirty , " Greiner said , and certainly not the Iowa Way .
" We look 'em square in the eye here , " she continued .
" You do n’t hide behind the telephone or some phony group . "
A Thompson source in Iowa directed me to Greiner .
If you are an Iowan and got one of these calls tonight , please feel free to drop me an email at jmartin - at- politico.com .
comments closed
permalink
AMERICA relays more spam to the world 's inbox than any other country .
Despite the CAN - SPAM
Act , nearly 30 % of all unsolicited e-mails between July and September were sent via computers in America , says Sophos , an internet - security firm .
The nature of spam is also changing .
Although penis enlargers and African fraudsters still abound , popular recent additions include fake e-cards and virus - riddled PDF attachments .
The boom in digital music also provides a new avenue .
As many as one in ten spam e-mails attach dodgy MP3 files or ringtones to lure the unwitting user , according to MXSweep , an anti-spam company .
Photodisc
Alexander Pichushkin has made a detailed confession
The Russian media has dubbed him the " Bitsevsky Maniac " after the park in southern Moscow where most of the murders were carried out .
The accused man , 33 - year - old shop assistant Alexander Pichushkin , sat in a glass cage in court .
Far from denying his crimes , he claims he actually killed 61 people .
Many of the victims were elderly men who got drunk with him , investigators say .
He is accused of a 14 - year killing spree in southern Moscow , which began in 1992 .
He was arrested in June 2006 .
The victims were drowned in a sewer or bludgeoned to death with a hammer , investigators say .
Many Russians would like to see him executed but , as Russia has suspended the use of death penalty , he faces instead a sentence of life in jail .
Russian press reports say Mr Pichushkin was planning to kill one person for each of the 64 squares on a chessboard .
Given his long confession , it seems certain Mr Pichushkin will be found guilty , the BBC's Rupert Wingfield - Hayes reports from Moscow .
Friends and relatives of some of the victims were in court for his appearance on Thursday .
" I am ready to tear him into pieces , " said Nadezhda , a victim 's sister , quoted by Reuters news agency .
" How is it possible even to think of releasing such people ? "
Before the Pichushkin case came to light , Russia 's most notorious serial killer in recent times was Andrei Chikatilo , who killed 53 women and children .
He was convicted and executed in 1994 .
Long time , no blog .
I have an excuse though , since I moved to Switzerland for a new job a month ago , and have n't had a lot of time for things like blogging or hacking Lisp ( the latter is usually a prerequisite for the former for me ) .
Anyway , I finally finished and committed the third rewrite of my patch for speeding up the embarrassingly slow hash - tables in SBCL .
It turned out to be a really frustrating game of whack - a- mole , with every change uncovering either some new deficiency or another interaction between the GC and the hash - tables that the old implementation had handled by always inhibiting GC during a hash - table operation .
The main user - visible change is that SBCL no longer does its own locking for hash - tables ( the fact that it locked the tables was always just an implementation detail , not a part of the public interface ) .
This follows the usual SBCL policy of requiring applications to do take care of locking when sharing data structures between threads .
The exact details are pretty boring , so I wo n't repeat them here ( read the commit message if you really want to know ) .
Instead I 'm just going to post a pretty benchmark graph , since it 's been way too long since I last did one of these :
Sadly those improvements do n't mean that SBCL now has the fastest hash - tables in the West , it just means they do n't completely suck .
For some reason the issue of SBCL hash - table speed has come up more often during the last couple of months than during the previous three years combined , so it was probably time to get this sorted out .
Researchers at Granada University in Spain have come across a discovery that will undoubtedly please athletes and sports enthusiasts – a pint of beer post - workout or match is better at re-hydrating the human body than water .
Professor Manuel Garzon , a member of Granada ’s medical faculty , made the finding after tests on 25 students over several months .
Researchers believe that it is the sugars , salts , and bubbles in a beer that may help people absorb fluids more quickly .
The subjects in the study were asked to run on a treadmill or bike at temperatures of 104F ( 40C ) until they were close to exhaustion .
Once they had reached the point of giving up , researchers measured their hydration levels , motor skills , and concentration ability .
Half of the subjects were given two half pints of Spanish lager to drink , and the other half were given just water .
Garzon said that the re-hydration effection in those who were given beer was “ slightly better ” than those who were given only water .
He also believes that the carbon dioxide in beer helps quench thirst more quickly , and that beer ’s carbohydrates replace calories lost during physical exertion .
The average person loses around 1 liter ( 33 oz ) of water for every hour of exercise in sweat .
Re-hydrating after a weight loss workout is crucial , as a lack of hydration is more likely to make one feel tired , fuzzy - headed , and suffer from headaches .
Based on the results of the study , researchers recommend moderate consumption of beer as a part of athletes ’ diets .
“ Moderate consumption ” for men is 500 ml per day , and for women is 250 ml per day .
So that explains why Babe Ruth was so good .
His method of training was nearly 100 years ahead of its time .
For more great health and fitness tips be sure to check out Drench Fitness .
The Massachusetts Democratic
Party is launching today a first - of - its - kind website that it says contains an unparalleled repository of information about Mitt Romney 's record that could be used against the former governor in his White House run .
RomneyFacts.com lays out a wealth of documents : personal financial disclosure statements he filed as governor ; policy proposals he put forward in his 2002 campaign ; several old campaign ads ; and a unique searchable database of campaign contributions from his entire political career .
The party says it will add information to the site in the coming weeks and months .
Party officials and political specialists say they know of no other effort to consolidate such a wide range of detailed information about a single candidate .
But they said it is not likely to be the last .
" It 's obviously a new application of the Internet , and it strikes me that . . . we 'll probably soon have equivalent sites for all the candidates , " said F. Christopher Arterton , dean of the Graduate School of Political Management at George Washington University .
While campaigns traditionally gather opposition research and strategically disseminate harmful information about rivals to reporters , the website gives access to raw material for bloggers , journalists , and voters to do their own research .
It also invites people to send their information or insights to the party 's telephone and e-mail " hotline " for possible addition to the website .
" For many campaign cycles , ' oppo ' research was treated as a covert black art , practiced by people in the shadows and disseminated by whispers from people who started their conversations by saying , ' This is on deep background , ' " Lee Rainie , founding director of the Pew Internet & American Life Project , said in an e-mail yesterday after reviewing a prototype of the site provided to the Globe by the state party .
" This effort is different because it taps into the new realities of politics in the Internet age . "
RomneyFacts.com is clearly a partisan clearinghouse , painting Romney as a " flip - flopper " who has traded in the moderate Republican credentials he presented as a candidate for governor in 2002 for a new set of conservative beliefs in his campaign for president .
Its home page compares statements " Massachusetts Mitt " made on abortion , immigration , stem cell research , and other hot - button issues with those made by " Red State Romney . "
Asked about the website , Kevin Madden , a spokesman for the Romney campaign , said : " Democrat party operatives are going to continue to peddle distortions and try and attack the governor in every which way possible .
Given their current crop of candidates , the last thing they want to do is to run against Mitt Romney , since he has experience , has demonstrated leadership , and has a stellar record of accomplishment . "
John Walsh , chairman of the state Democratic Party and manager of Governor Deval Patrick 's 2006 campaign for governor , said the site has two purposes : to show that " Mitt has taken the concept of saying anything to get elected to new levels , " and to capitalize on new technology that is reshaping the nation 's political landscape .
Using our technical expertise and custom software platform , we develop growth strategies and marketing solutions that span web , mobile and social channels in markets such as retail , automotive and fitness .
These are some of the projects that we work on :
Fontile.com
For the past 60 years , Fontile Corporation has been exclusively representing world leaders in tiles , kitchens and baths , bringing innovative products from all over Europe to the Lower Mainland .
Reach .
Network Reach network is a digital billboard ad exchange network that helps businesses get more local reach for their ads and offers .
PersonalTrainerXL.com
PTXL provides online personal training and is part of a larger network of personal training and health related sites that help trainers and nutritionists grow their brand and package their knowledge and coaching to be sold online .
LiveInSites.com
We developed over 70 local neighbourhood websites in partnership with the Stonehouse Team Real Estate Group . ( StonehouseTeam.com ) such as LiveInChinatown.com .
In addition to seach engine friendly websites , we also designed print magazines and web apps to promote the local sites .
XLsuite.com XLsuite is a custom content and client management solution that was developed in house and is the core engine that runs all of our projects as well as hundreds of small to midsize business websites such as Fontile.com / whatsnexx.com / discoverphysio.ca
DriveXL.com
We help drive dealership revenues with branded apps that increase awareness and customer loyalty .
The apps help people remember where they parked , to book regular warranty recommended service appointments and to shop for vehicle & lease upgrades when the time is right .
Key and value , yin and yang , me y me compadre : all pairs .
Most coders have had times when one return value is just not enough .
Some sugary languages allow you to create and return arrays on the fly ; others are not so helpful , forcing developers to allocate structs or return arrays of pointers .
In C++ , it 's easy enough to use the template std :: pair and necessary for many STL templates .
Maciek 's company uses Java , but they wanted in on the fun and decided to write their own class .
See if you can tell me : which one of these things does n't belong ?
public class Pair { private Object first ; private Object second ; private Object third ; public Pair ( ) { } public Pair ( Object first , Object second , Object third ) { this .
first = first ; this .
second = second ; this .
third = third ; } public Object get First ( ) { return first ; } public Object getSecond ( ) { return second ; } public Object getThird ( ) { return third ; } public void set First ( Object first ) { this .
first = first ; } public void setSecond ( Object second ) { this .
second = second ; } public void setThird ( Object third ) { this .
third = third ; } }
On the plus side , he can claim that his pair is 50 % bigger than mine .
China Publishes First Moon Picture
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao unveils the moon image captured by China 's lunar orbiter Chang 'e - 1 during an unveiling ceremony at the Beijing Aerospace Control Center in Beijing , capital of China , Nov. 26 , 2007 .
China published the first picture of the moon captured by Chang 'e - 1 on Monday morning , marking the success of the country 's first lunar probe project .
( Xinhua Photo )
by Quan Xiaoshu
Beijing ( XNA ) Nov 27 , 2007
China published the first picture of the moon captured by Chang 'e - 1 on Monday morning , marking the success of the country 's first lunar probe project .
The framed black - and - white photo was unveiled by Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao at the Beijing Aerospace Control Center .
The image showed a rough moon surface with scattered round craters both big and small .
The area covered by the picture , about 460 kilometers in length and 280 km in width , was located within a 54 to 70 degrees south latitude and 57 to 83 degrees east longitude , according to the BACC .
The area pictured was part of the moon 's highland and was mainly composed of plagioclase , a common rock - forming element .
On the surface were craters of different sizes , shapes , structures and ages , the BACC sources said .
" The dark patch in the picture 's upper right side shows the surface blanketed by basalt , a hard and dense volcanic rock , " the sources said .
Sun Laiyan , chief of the China National Space Administration , said the picture was very clear and of very good quality .
" It shows that the camera and the ground control and application systems are all working normally , " said Sun at a press conference on Monday afternoon .
The picture was pieced together by 19 images , each covering a width of 60 kilometers on the moon 's surface .
The far right of the picture was the first area to be captured by the CCD camera aboardChang 'e - 1 .
All the image data was collected on Nov. 20 and Nov. 21 and processed into a three - dimensional picture in several days after being transmitted back to Earth .
" Chinese people 's dream of flying to the moon for more than 1,000 years has started to materialize , " said Wen in a passionate speech .
He hailed China as one of the few world powers capable of conducting a deep - space probe .
The premier said that the lunar probe was the third milestone in China 's space exploration , following the success of man-made satellites and manned space flights .
The success , he said , not only manifested China 's rising national strength and technical innovation capability , but also elevated the country 's international status and cemented national cohesion .
" It showcases eloquently that the Chinese people have the will , the ambition and the capability to compose more shining new chapters while ascending the science and technology summit , " he said .
A congratulation letter jointly sent by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) , the State Council and the Central Military Commission gave a similar assessment and encouraged scientists and engineers to make further contributions to China 's future deep space explorations .
During the celebration , work staff at a hall in the BACC where the picture was unveiled , played greetings and music decoded from the data transmitted back to Earth via the satellite .
" I come with greetings from China , " said a female voice that was programmed into the Chang 'e - 1 probe to salute the moon .
The music broadcast included " The East is Red " , which was also played in 1970 by the country 's first man-made satellite , " Ode to the Motherland , " , a tribute to the country 's power and prosperity , and some moon - themed songs , such as Chinese pop diva Faye Wong 's rendition of a famous Song Dynasty ( 960 - 1127 ) poem .
Chang 'e - 1 , named after a mythical Chinese goddess who , according to legend , flew to the moon , blasted off on a Long March3A carrier rocket at 6:05 p.m. on Oct. 24 from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center in the southwestern Sichuan Province .
The 2,350 - kg satellite carries eight probing facilities , including a stereo camera and interferometer , an imager and gamma /x - ray spectrometer , a laser altimeter , a microwave detector , a high - energy solar particle detector and a low - energy ion detector .
It aims to fulfill four scientific objectives .
They include a three - dimensional survey of the moon surface , analysis on the abundance and distribution of elements on the lunar surface , an investigation of the characteristics of lunar regolith and the powdery soil layer on the surface , and an exploration of the circumstance between the Earth and moon .
The satellite traveled nearly two million kilometers in its 15 - day flight to the moon and reached its final working orbit with a fixed altitude of 200 kilometers on Nov. 7 .
" During the process , China has achieved a series of key breakthroughs in the orbit design , long - distance maneuvers , rocket blast off and data processing , which will both help promote technological innovations and evoke the nation 's scientific exploration spirit , " Sun Laiyan said .
Chang 'e - 1 was designed to stay on the orbit for one year , but scientists estimated that precise maneuvers may have saved 200 kg of the fuel and prolonged its lifespan .
The BACC will control the operation of the probe and all its facilities , in coordination with the ground application system , in the following period .
" The satellite will keep sending back various probing data , which we will share with scientists all over the world according to the international conventions , " said a BACC official .
Sun Laiyan told reporters that a team consisting of more than 100 scientists and professors has been formed to make better analysis and use of the probing data .
" The moon study is a giant project that will consume a lot of energy and time .
The research team includes eight experts from Hong Kong and Macao and we hope more scientists from Hong Kong , Macao and also Taiwan to participate in our lunar probing activities , " Sun said .
The launch of Chang 'e - 1 came shortly after Japan launched its first lunar probe , Kaguya , in mid-September , while India is planning to send its own lunar probe into space next April , sparking off concerns of a space race in Asia .
But Sun Laiyan considered China 's lunar probe project a demonstration of the country 's faith in peaceful use of space and its openess .
" China has cooperated with European countries and Russia during the Chang 'e - 1 project , and is willing to expand the exchanges and cooperation in its following space explorations based on the principle of mutual benefit and peaceful use of outer space , " he added .
The launch of Chang 'e - 1 kicks off the first step of China 's three - stage moon mission , which will lead to a moon landing and launch of a moon rover at around 2012 .
In the third phase , another rover will land on the moon and return to earth with lunar soil and stone samples for scientific research at around 2017 .
earlier related report
Premier Wen : Lunar probe opens new chapter
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao asserted in a passionate and inspiring speech on Monday that China has joined the select group of world powers with the capabilities to engage in deep - space exploration .
After unveiling the first picture of the moon surface taken by Chang 'e - 1 , China 's first lunar probe , Wen said that the dream of the Chinese people for more than 1,000 years of flying to the Moon had begun to materialize .
Wen said that lunar probe was the third milestone in China 's space exploration following the successes of man-made satellites and manned space flights .
The success , he said , not only manifested China 's rising national strength and technical innovation capability , but also elevated the country 's international status and cemented national cohesion .
" It showcases eloquently that the Chinese people have the will , the ambition and the capability to compose more shining new chapters while ascending the science and technology summit , " he said .
Citing a letter from an overseas Chinese , Wen said that the farther the China - made satellite flew , the higher would the overseas Chinese hold their heads .
Chang 'e - 1 , named after a mythical Chinese goddess who according to legend flew to the moon , blasted off on a Long March 3A carrier rocket on Oct. 24 shortly after Japan launched its first lunar probe , Kaguya , in mid-September .
The first high - definition image of the Earth rising was taken by Kaguya on Oct. 14 .
With India and the Republic of Korea planning to send their own lunar probes into space , concerns of a space race in Asia have arisen .
Looking to the future of China 's three - step moon exploration which will lead to a moon landing and the launch of a moon rover around 2012 and the taking - back of lunar soil and stone samples for scientific research around 2017 , Wen said that the initial success had " blazed a new trail and accumulated valuable experience " for China to improve its overall capability in science and technology .
Source : Xinhua News Agency
By Kathryn Westcott
BBC News
The interception of a treasure - hunt ship off the coast of Gibraltar is the latest broadside in a tense battle between a US - based salvage company and Spain over an unidentified shipwreck and its rich cargo of gold and silver coins .
Odyssey Explorer is followed by a patrol boat of the Guardia Civil
Spain 's Guardia Civil has been keeping a close eye on the company 's vessel since a Spanish judge ordered that it be detained and searched if it left port in Gibraltar .
The company says its recovery vessel has been effectively blockaded since the ruling in June .
Spain believes it could provide clues to the identity and location of the wreck that yielded half - a- million colonial era silver and gold coins .
It suspects that a Spanish galleon is being secretly plundered - or that the wreck lies in Spanish waters .
Odyssey Marine Explorations - which became the most famous deep water treasure hunting company when it announced the discovery last May - says it is keeping the location of the wreck secret , to protect the site from looters .
All it is saying is that the wreck - codenamed Black Swan - is somewhere in the Atlantic .
Galleon graveyard
The haul , which has an estimated value of $ 500 m ( £ 350 m ) , is now at a secret location in Florida , where Odyssey is based .
Greg Stemm with the Black Swan haul at a secret location in the US
Treasure hunters have long dreamed of discovering hauls of gold and silver in the western Mediterranean .
The area is a graveyard of French , Spanish and British galleons and warships sunk by storms and pirates during Spain 's long dominance of the sea .
Once the domain of schoolboy fantasies , the hunt for treasure on the deep ocean floor has become big business for companies like Odyssey .
And the company 's recent listing on the Nasdaq indicates that it is a business that investors are prepared to take seriously .
Odyssey has several shipwreck projects in various stages of development around the world , but its involvement with the Spanish goes back almost a decade .
RULES OF THE WAVES Seas and oceans governed by UN Laws of the Sea Ownership of sunken property in international waters governed by the law of salvage and the law of finds Law of salvage :
If property is owned , those finding it are entitled to compensation for their salvage efforts Law of finds :
Salvor is entitled to all reclaimed property if it is proved to be abandoned Spain insists it retains rights to all its sunken treasure Odyssey intends its haul to be dealt with under US federal law , where previous judgements have sometimes granted exclusive rights to salvors
" We have always respected Spain 's interest in its maritime heritage and have therefore consistently communicated our activities to Spain . "
The relationship has soured over the past few months .
In July , another of Odyssey 's vessels was stopped and forcibly boarded as it tried to leave Gibraltar .
A computer was confiscated .
The company told the BBC News website that it intends to seek compensation from Spain for revenues lost because of the kingdom 's intervention in its activities .
British warship
The battle over the Black Swan treasure is now jeopardising another more lucrative project : the salvage of a British warship that Odyssey believes it has discovered in the western Mediterranean .
The British Government is collaborating with Odyssey to recover the warship , thought to be HMS Sussex , which went down in a storm off Gibraltar in the Mediterranean Sea in 1694 .
The warship apparently lies in waters that Britain and Gibraltar claim are international but that Spain claims as its own .
Diplomatic talks resulted in an agreement being reached with Spain earlier this year but the project is on hold .
A spokeswoman for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office told the BBC News website that the " on-going court case between Spain and Odyssey should be resolved first . "
It is anyone 's guess how long this will take .
This will no doubt please archaeologists - including the Council for British Archaeology - who were enraged by the deal .
Experts describe such activities as commercial treasure hunting under the guise of archaeology , arguing that a dangerous precedent would be set allowing private firms to profit from historic wrecks .
Technology
And in Spain , Odyssey 's activities have been painted as modern - day piracy .
The company acknowledges that its primary concerns are commercial but it also has a mission statement that sets out how it also wants to do good archaeology .
It maintains that it works to the highest of standards , employing experts and archaeologists .
The eight - tonne robot Zeus can reach depths of up to 2,500 metres
And he says that the model - the first of its kind with a government - could be extended to other countries , including Spain .
Odyssey undertakes multi-million - dollar operations , deploying sophisticated deep - sea technology and robotics to scour the ocean beds .
On board the Marine Explorer , for example , is a $ 4 m underwater robot Zeus , which deploys an array of brilliant strobe lights and cameras as it carefully picks through debris at depths of up to 2,500m .
The company 's first major salvage venture was in 2003 when it discovered the SS Republic , a Civil War side - wheel steamer that sank off the Florida coast in 1865 and some $ 75 m ( £ 37 m ) worth of coins .
Odyssey has now filed finders - keepers ' claims with a court in Tampa , Florida US on the Black Swan and two other shipwrecks .
But Spain is challenging these arguing that the company is withholding crucial information .
It is also claiming a right to share the treasure .
Jim Goold , a maritime lawyer in Washington representing the Spanish government , told the BBC News website that the implications of the case are huge in a era when cutting - edge technology is bringing new gravesites to light .
" Here you have a situation in which a US company is apparently systematically working in the Mediterranean , the English Channel and off the coast of Spain , taking cultural heritage without authorisation and then whisking it to the US and steadfastly refusing to reveal to the concerned governments what it has been doing , " he said .
Odyssey says the Black Swan recovery was conducted in conformity with Salvage Law and the Law of the Sea Convention , beyond the territorial waters of legal jurisdiction of any country .
It expects to reap a substantial salvage award regardless of who claims the treasure .
The value of the US dollar has fallen steadily in recent times
The call came at the end of a rare Opec summit , and was opposed by US ally Saudi Arabia .
The Iranian president had wanted to include the attack on the dollar in the summit 's closing statement .
The communique made little mention of the dollar , however , focusing instead on energy security and the environment .
The summit in Saudi Arabia was only Opec 's third in 47 years .
During the talks , Opec members revealed differences about the future direction of the exporters ' group .
But Opec leaders ended with a pledge to provide the world with reliable supplies of oil .
Unfair trade ?
Speaking after the end of the summit , Mr Ahmadinejad said all leaders at the meeting were unhappy with recent falls in the value of the dollar .
Oil reached a record high of $ 98.62 a barrel earlier this month
Its decline has affected the revenues of Opec members because most of them price and sell their oil exports in the US currency .
Mr Ahmadinejad said that all Opec countries had showed interest in converting their cash reserves into other currencies .
" They [ the US ] get our oil and give us a worthless piece of paper , " he told reporters .
But Saudi officials were against including any such language in the declaration .
One is reported to have warned that it could add to the pressure on the dollar .
However , in the communique Opec did make a reference to the debate , by committing itself to studying " ways and means of enhancing financial co-operation " .
Iran 's oil minister said that this would allow the formation of a committee to study the dollar 's effect on oil prices and investigate the possibility of alternative trading currencies .
Political agenda
The summit was also marked by divisions over the role of Opec in the world oil market .
Chavez ( r ) and Iran 's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad are staunch US critics
King Abdullah , the head of state of the host nation , Saudi Arabia said : " Those who want Opec to take advantage of its position are forgetting that Opec has always acted moderately and wisely .
" Oil should n't be a tool for conflict , it should be a tool for development . "
President Chavez had opened the meeting with a warning that oil prices could double if the US attacked Iran .
Oil has been hitting record peaks of well over $ 90 a barrel as markets believe the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries will not boost production , despite calls from oil - consuming countries such as the US to do so .
Venezuela 's president said the price of crude could reach $ 150 or even $ 200 a barrel .
Overall day one impression : the iPhone is 95 percent amazing , 5 percent maddening .
I ’m just blown away by how nice it is — very thoughtful UI design and outstanding engineering .
It is very fun .
Booting : A cold boot takes about 20 seconds .
( Sleep / wake is effectively instantaneous — far faster than any Mac. )
Activation :
Went pretty well for me and my wife .
We already had an AT&T family plan .
The only options are to create new AT&T accounts or to add iPhone data plans to existing ones .
It more or less comes out to the same $ 120 / month for the two of us , either way .
It ’s a shame activation is taking so long for some people , but for us , it took about one minute per phone .
My phone needed to be power - cycled before it “ saw ” the activation .
User Interface :
The high resolution screen is gorgeous .
Helvetica has never , ever looked so good on screen .
Everything is very fast , very responsive .
When you drag something — whether it ’s the slider button to unlock the phone , a zoomed - in photograph , or a web page — the drag keeps up with your finger .
I have n’t found a single element of the iPhone UI that does n’t feel super - snappy .
The whole thing feels very realistic .
Update : Real - time dragging is such a priority that if the iPhone can’t keep up and render what you ’re dragging in real - time , it wo n’t even try , and you get a checkerboard pattern reminiscent of a transparent Photoshop layer until it catches up ( typically , an instant later ) .
I.e. iPhone prioritizes drag animation over the rendering of the contents ; feel over appearance .
Scrolling :
One of the things I was worried about was the lack of a gesture or shortcut for “ page down one screenful of text ” .
Like on a Mac , when you hit the spacebar reading a message in Mail , news item in NetNewsWire , or web page in Safari .
The iPhone ’s inertia - like flick scrolling seems to work really well for this .
Part of it is that the UI is so responsive , which makes it easy to be exact about how far down you want to scroll .
Rotation :
You can rotate the screen in either direction to put it in landscape mode .
Nice .
Brightness :
The screen is a magnet for fingerprints and smudges , but when the display is actually on , you just do n’t see them because it ’s so bright .
And that ’s with the default brightness setting , which is relatively low .
Mail : I hope you like top - posting , and quoting the entire message you ’re replying to .
Me , I despise that style of email , but iPhone Mail does n’t really work well any other way .
One problem is that the iPhone does n’t support the concept of selected text .
That means you ca n’t just select a specific portion to quote of the message you ’re replying to ; nor can you select a chunk of the quoted message and delete it while editing .
The only way to delete text is one character at a time ( although the keyboard does let you press - and - hold to repeat ) .
And to top it off , there ’s no way to reply without quoting anything at all .
Not a surprise , but noteworthy nonetheless : iPhone ’s Mail has no spam filtering whatsoever .
You ’ve either got server - side spam filtering or you ’re stuck wading through the dreck .
Safari : Excellent mobile web browser .
Double - tap to zoom in and out just works , at least on the pages I tried .
i Phone Safari seems hyper - aggressive about keeping a low memory and resource footprint .
For example , there does n’t seem to be any sort of cache for the back button ; going back loads the page again .
Typing : I ’m terrible with my thumb typing so far , but I think ultimately , the iPhone is a very thumb - oriented device .
You can do most things holding the iPhone in just one hand , driving the UI with a thumb ; this seems especially good for reading and scrolling .
One of the knocks against the idea of a screen - based keyboard is the lack of tactile feedback .
( It might be nice if a future iPhone offered some sort of subtle force feedback while typing , sort of like modern video game controls . )
But the iPhone does offer audio feedback , and I like it a lot .
There ’s a pleasant tap - tap - tap as you write .
I ’m already frustrated by the keyboard layout , but not in the way I expected .
My expectation was that I ’d have a problem with the comma and period keys living on a secondary punctuation keyboard .
That ’s actually not so bad , so far .
The problem for me is the Delete ( a.k.a. Backspace ) key , which is down in the lower - right .
The problem is that I ’m used to its placement on real keyboards , in the upper - right , and so I keep striking the P key when I want to backspace .
The auto - suggest correction system works pretty damn well , considering it has n’t yet had a chance to learn much about what and how I type .
Most impressive touch : it knows the word “ fucking ” .
YouTube : Works great on Wi-Fi .
I have n’t tried it on EDGE yet .
I have n’t really done much of anything with EDGE yet , really .
Wi -Fi :
My wife ’s iPhone at first seemed like a lemon , in that it would not connect to our home AirPort base station .
Mine connected just fine , and hers saw the network and prompted her for the password , but it never actually switched to using the Wi-Fi instead of EDGE .
Then she power - cycled the iPhone and it looked like it was using Wi -Fi , but would n’t actually connect to anything .
She used the Restore feature in iTunes ( the thing was only out of the box for 30 minutes ) and that fixed it .
Earbud Remote :
The simple one - button remote on the earbud microphone is genius .
Click to play / pause the iPod.
Click to accept an incoming phone call .
Phone calls sound good through the earbuds , but I ’m not sure how good the microphone is .
Calendar : None of the major pre-release iPhone reviews really said much about the Calendar app .
I ’m not sure why — it ’s very nice .
There are three main views : month , day , and list .
Month view is necessary , but the screen is too small for it to be useful as your main view .
You pretty much just get a grid of days , with dots in each day that contains an event .
Day view is too long to fit on the iPhone ’s small screen at once .
You can look at part of your day ( say , morning ) at once without scrolling , but not the entire day .
i Phone Calendar ’s killer feature is list view .
I ’ve wanted a view like this in iCal ever since it came out .
It is data - rich , especially important with the iPhone ’s small screen .
Nice touch when you scroll — the date headers “ stick ” to the top of the screen until all of the events in that day have scrolled by .
You can edit , create , and delete events on the iPhone and they sync back with iCal .
The iPhone Calendar app , however , does n’t use the concept of multiple calendars : all events are more or less in one calendar .
In iTunes , you can choose which of your iCal calendars to sync , but the events from all those calendars are effectively thrown into one global calendar on the iPhone .
( In iTunes , you also specify one iCal calendar to which new events created on the iPhone should be added . )
In day view , you cannot create a new event by double - tapping on a start time .
Double - tap does nothing in this context ; creating an event with this gesture seems natural and convenient .
To - Dos :
There are n’t any .
They do n’t sync from iCal and you ca n’t create them on the iPhone .
Switching Apps : I keep looking for some way to close or quit an app when I ’m done with it .
I ’ve done this over and over with the same apps .
“ Use it then close it or quit it ” is n’t the metaphor on the iPhone , however .
When you ’re done with an app , you just tap the Home button .
What happens to apps when you do this is not exposed ; there ’s no concept of quitting or closing , just switching .
I think this is a great design , I ’m just having trouble getting used to it .
Notes :
The weakest app on the iPhone .
Cosmetically , it ’s a train wreck .
The entire iPhone UI is set in one typeface — Helvetica — and it ’s gorgeous .
But Notes , in a lame attempt to be “ friendly ” , displays a UI that looks like a pad of yellow legal paper , and uses the handwriting - esque Marker Felt as the font for note text .
This is not adjustable .
Marker
Felt is silly , ugly , and worst of all , hard to read .
The other problem with Notes is that there ’s no synching between your iPhone and Mac .
I was hoping iTunes would sync , say , plain text files back and forth .
No dice .
Both problems with Notes seem to me an indication that it was designed under the assumption that iPhone would debut alongside Leopard .
Mac OS X Leopard includes a system - wide “ notes ” feature , exposed through Apple Mail , and as you can see in the screenshots , it looks a lot like iPhone Notes — Marker Felt text on a yellow legal pad background .
Presumably , some sort of synching is coming eventually , at least with Leopard .
No Clipboard : Ever since the iPhone was announced , I ’ve been curious what Apple planned to do with the standard Cut / Copy / Paste clipboard commands .
With no menu bar , there ’s no Edit menu .
With no keyboard , there ’s no command - key shortcuts .
The Newton solved this with magic gestures .
The iPhone solves this by not having a clipboard at all .
No copy , no paste .
Instead , Apple has tried to anticipate where you might want to copy and paste and offer you direct commands to accomplish the same thing .
For example , let ’s say you ’re reading a web page and decide to email the URL to a friend .
The way I would do this on a Mac is to ( a ) select the URL in the location field ; ( b ) copy ; ( c ) switch to Mail ; and ( d ) create a new message and paste .
On the iPhone , there ’s a Share button that appears when you click on the location field .
Click the Share button and the iPhone creates a new outgoing mail message with the URL already in the body .
The Share button should be named “ Email ” ; there are all sorts of ways one might wish to “ share ” a URL , but the Share button does just one of them : email .
Email as de Facto Clipboard :
In fact , email is the iPhone ’s de facto clipboard .
Notes do n’t sync , but there ’s a button at the bottom of each note to turn it into an email message .
It ’s the only way to get the text of a note out .
The only way to send a photo is to email it .
Web Page File Pickers :
They do n’t work , so you can ’t , say , upload pictures to a web app using Safari .
It makes complete sense that iPhone Safari would never present the user with a file picker that displays a view of the actual file system — the file system is completely abstracted away in the iPhone UI , and that ’s a good thing .
But there could still be a “ file picker ” panel that lets you choose from iPhone data items like photos .
( In the meantime , if you want to post pictures from your iPhone to sites like Flickr , you have to email them . )
Payloads -
Allows you to associate arbitrary binary data with any term in the index
- Allows you to associate arbitrary binary data with any term in the index Function queries - Gives more control over how document scores are calculated ( Incorporated from Solr )
- Gives more control over how document scores are calculated ( Incorporated from Solr ) " Point - in - time " searching over NFS - Brings snapshot - like functionality to NFS
- Brings snapshot - like functionality to NFS New pre-analyzed field API - Lets you handle pre-analyzed Document fields without dummy analyzer code
- Lets you handle pre-analyzed Document fields without dummy analyzer code Public Maven releases -
The latest release of all Lucene modules are now available through the Maven repository
Lucene Java 2.2 is now available .
Lucene is a high - performance , full - featured text search engine library written entirely in Java .
There are several new features in this release , including :
InfoQ spoke with Grant Ingersoll , a committer and Project Management Committee ( PMC ) member for the Lucene project , to learn more about this release .
During the discussion , he asked InfoQ to make it clear that his views and comments are his alone , and are not the official views of the Lucene PMC .
InfoQ learned that the 2.2 release of Lucene marks a shift towards a shorter , quarterly release cycle .
Ingersoll believes that these more frequent releases will introduce several benefits , including making bug fixes and new features available to the community more rapidly .
The release process has also been streamlined with Maven support improved so that future releases will be available more quickly to Maven users .
InfoQ asked Ingersoll to describe the Payloads feature in more detail , and he said :
Payloads are a new feature to allow the storage of information in the index on a term by term basis .
For instance , when indexing web pages , it may be useful to store extra information about a particular word , such as an associated URL or weighting factor based on some analysis of the text .
In more advanced applications , it might be useful to store the part of speech of a word in order to score nouns as being more important than other parts of speech .
My talk at ApacheCon Europe this year has a few slides on payloads [ for those that ] are interested .
The new search function package ( org.apache.lucene.search.function ) allows developers to use the actual content of a field in scoring a document .
For instance , if you stored latitude and longitude information in fields on a document , you could then use the information in these fields to affect the ranking of a document .
That is , if you were doing a search for Starbucks , you could rank those locations nearer to the user ( assuming you know their location ) higher in the results than those farther away .
Another example might be to use price or margin information to affect the ranking ( i.e. score products higher that have bigger margins for your company .
Not saying I agree with this ethically , but it can be done )
He also described the new Function queries which originated in Solr as :
Ingersoll was then asked what users could expect from the next release of Lucene .
He indicated that there will be significant improvements in indexing performance as a result of some new memory management techniques led by Michael McCandless .
He also mentioned that the recent releases of Lucene have added a number of performance enhancements , and that users will want to try them out for themselves .
Finally , Ingersoll noted that Java 5 support and more flexibility in the indexing process are potential future features of Lucene .
A full changelog is available , listing all of the bugfixes , features and optimizations which are in this release .
As with previous releases of Lucene , 2.2 is able to read and import indexes from previous versions of Lucene , however once converted the index is no longer readable by earlier versions of Lucene ( e.g. 2.1 ) .
CHRISTOPH NIEMANN
In 1932 , a group of American fashion manufacturers found themselves beset by a proliferation of cheap knockoffs .
Designs , then as now , were not protected by patents or copyrights , so the manufacturers decided to take direct action to stop the copying .
They set up the Fashion Originators Guild of America to monitor retailers and keep track of original designs ; if you look at vintage dresses from the thirties , you can find labels reading “ A registered original design with Fashion Originators Guild . ”
Retailers selling knockoffs were “ red- carded , ” and guild members would n’t sell their merchandise to red-carded stores .
This was unpopular with the retailers , but it seems to have put a damper on the copying .
The only hitch in the plan was that it was illegal : in 1941 , the Supreme Court ruled that the manufacturers ’ arrangement violated antitrust law , and the knockoff artists stayed in business .
In the decades since , copying has remained ubiquitous in the fashion industry .
Fashion - forward but low - priced retailers like H & M and Zara have flourished , thanks to their ability to take designs from Milan to the mass market .
Private - label designers for major department stores trumpet the fidelity of their imitations .
And almost as soon as hot new designs appear on the runway , photographs and drawings of them are on their way to Chinese factories that can produce reasonable facsimiles at a fraction of the cost .
Designers are as annoyed by this as their prewar forebears were , and so Congress now finds itself considering a bill , pushed by the Council of Fashion Designers of America , that would give original designs a legal protection similar to copyright .
Designers ’ frustration at seeing their ideas mimicked is understandable .
But this is a classic case where the cure may be worse than the disease .
There ’s little evidence that knockoffs are damaging the business .
Fashion sales have remained more than healthy — estimates value the global luxury - fashion sector at a hundred and thirty billion dollars — and the high - end firms that so often see their designs copied have become stronger .
More striking , a recent paper by the law professors Kal Raustiala and Christopher Sprigman suggests that weak intellectual - property rules , far from hurting the fashion industry , have instead been integral to its success .
The professors call this effect “ the piracy paradox . ”
The paradox stems from the basic dilemma that underpins the economics of fashion : for the industry to keep growing , customers must like this year ’s designs , but they must also become dissatisfied with them , so that they ’ll buy next year ’s .
Many other consumer businesses face a similar problem , but fashion — unlike , say , the technology industry — ca n’t rely on improvements in power and performance to make old products obsolete .
Raustiala and Sprigman argue persuasively that , in fashion , it ’s copying that serves this function , bringing about what they call “ induced obsolescence . ”
Copying enables designs and styles to move quickly from early adopters to the masses .
And since no one cool wants to keep wearing something after everybody else is wearing it , the copying of designs helps fuel the incessant demand for something new .
The situation is not necessarily easy on designers , who have to keep coming up with new ideas rather than being able to milk a trend for years .
But it means that in the industry as a whole there is more innovation , more competition , and probably more sales than there otherwise would be .
And the absence of copyrights and patents also creates a more fertile ground for that innovation , since designers are able to take other people ’s ideas in new directions .
Had the designers who came up with the pinstripe or the stiletto heel been able to bar others from using their creations , there would have been less innovation in fashion , not more .
If copying were putting a serious dent in designers ’ profits , it might slow the pace of innovation , since designers would have less incentive to produce good work .
But while knockoffs undoubtedly do steal some sales from originals , they are , for the most part , targeted at an entirely different market segment — people who appreciate high style but ca n’t afford high prices .
That limits the damage knockoffs do , as does the fact that fashion is one of the few industries in the world where people are still willing to pay a considerable premium to own original brands instead of imitations .
( That ’s why counterfeits , which pretend to be original products , are illegal . )
The best evidence of this is the fact that luxury - goods makers , far from cutting their prices in response to the knockoff boom , have instead been able to raise prices consistently .
In fact , given the importance to fashion of what the law professor Jonathan Barnett calls “ aspirational utility ” — the enjoyment people get from imitating the life style of the rich and famous — one might think of knockoffs as being like gateway drugs : access to the lower - quality version makes buyers all the more interested in eventually getting the real stuff .
The fashion industry is not alone in its surprising mixture of weak intellectual - property laws and strong innovation : haute cuisine , furniture design , and magic tricks are all fields where innovators produce new work without being able to copyright it .
This does n’t mean that we can always do without copyrights and patents , and fashion has unique characteristics that limit the damage that copying can do : it ’s relatively cheap to come up with new designs , there ’s a culture of novelty , and people are willing to pay more for the right brands .
But we should be skeptical of claims that tougher laws are necessarily better laws .
Sometimes imitation is n’t just the sincerest form of flattery .
It ’s also the most productive . ♦
Failure Story on ICFP07 …
My last weekend was spent on working out a solution in PLT - Scheme for the ICFP07 task .
Amazingly fun , well - written , well - imagined task and poor code development on my part briefly resumes it .
It was nonetheless , a lot of fun !!!
If you ’re not confortable with the task description , you should look at it to understand what ’s coming next .
So I had to read a huge string from a file , Endo DNA , formed by 4 characters I , C , F and P .
My approach was “ Let ’s get something done and then I ’ll optimize if I need to . ”
And so it was …
Reading a file is pretty easy :
( define ( get - line - from - file str ) ( let ( [ filefp ( open - input - file str ) ] ) ( begin0 ( read - line filefp ) ( close - input - port filefp ) ) ) )
I now , started to think that it would be nice not only to have it in the string , but also to optimize prepends to this string and character skips and since th DNA string was global , I decided to make it global in my module also .
( define * dna * " " ) ( define * dna - index * 0 ) ( define ( set - dna ! str ) ( set ! * dna* str ) ( set ! * dna- index * 0 ) ) ( define ( dna - prefix ? str ) ( string - prefix ?
str * dna* 0 ( string - length str ) * dna- index * ( string - length * dna * ) ) ) ( define ( dna - drop ! n ) ( set ! * dna - index * (+ * dna-index * n ) ) ) ( define ( dna - substring init end ) ( cond [ ( or ( > = init end ) ( >= (+ * dna - index * init ) ( string - length * dna* ) ) ) " " ] [ else ( substring * dna* (+ * dna - index * init ) ( if ( > (+ * dna - index * end ) ( string - length * dna* ) ) ( string - length * dna* ) (+ * dna-index * end ) ) ) ] ) ) ( define ( dna- preppend ! str ) ( if (> ( string - length str ) * dna - index * ) ( set - dna !
( string - append str ( string - drop * dna* * dna- index * ) ) ) ( begin ( set ! * dna - index * (- * dna - index * ( string - length str ) ) ) ( string - copy ! * dna* * dna- index * str ) ) ) ) ( define ( dna - ref n ) ( if ( >= n ( dna- length ) ) " " ( string - ref * dna* (+ * dna-index * n ) ) ) ) ( define ( dna- length ) (- ( string - length * dna * ) * dna- index * ) ) ( define ( find - smallest - dna - suffix s i ) ( let loop ( [k 0 ] ) ( let ( [ sstr ( dna - substring (+ k i ) (+ k i ( string - length s ) ) ) ] ) ( cond [ ( string= ? sstr " " ) # f ] [ ( string= ? s sstr ) (+ i k ( string - length s ) ) ] [ else ( loop (+ k 1 ) ) ] ) ) ) ) ( define ( dna ) ( dna - substring 0 ( dna- length ) ) )
This code basically defines a dna string globally and functions to handle this dna string .
Also an index to the start of the real DNA string is maintained , because if I skip n chars I do n’t want to be dropping chars and then when prepending ending up putting them again on it .
So I used this little trick just to have one constant sized string capable of growing if needed .
At this moment I considered using evectors but then again …
I thought , later I optimize …
Now , the code as you may see in the task manually is pretty written almost in a schemish style ( if you look to the lets ) and with Cish assignments and loops , so I decided to go ahead and do it in the most straighforward way possible .
One problem was the finish function which could be called from any other function and it would finish the processing .
After some messing around with Scheme and thinking about it I thought it would be a good time to put call / cc to good use .
( define exit - now ( void ) ) ( define ( execute ) ( call / cc ( λ ( exit ) ( set! exit - now exit ) ( let loop ( [ iteration 0 ] [ time ( current - inexact - milliseconds ) ] ) ( printf " Execution Iteration : ~ a~n " iteration ) ( let ( [p ( begin0 ( pattern ) ) ] [t ( begin0 ( template ) ) ] ) ( printf " pattern ~a~n " p ) ( printf " template ~a~n " t ) ( matchreplace p t ) ( printf " len( rna ) = ~ a~n " ( / ( rna-length ) 7 ) ) ( printf " Time taken : ~a~n " (- ( current - inexact - milliseconds ) time ) ) ( loop (+ iteration 1 ) ( current - inexact- milliseconds ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( finish ) ( exit - now * rna * ) )
Once the function execute is called , it sets the exit - now variable to the continuation of execute and the function finish calls it with the rna global variable that we will look into later .
Defining pattern was just looking to the task manual and almost blindly copy it :
( define ( pattern ) ( let repeat ( [ p ( ) ] [ lvl 0 ] ) ( cond [ ( dna - prefix ? " C " ) ( dna - drop !
1 ) ( repeat ( cons ' I p ) lvl ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " F " ) ( dna - drop !
1 ) ( repeat ( cons ' C p ) lvl ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " P " ) ( dna - drop !
1 ) ( repeat ( cons ' F p ) lvl ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " IC " ) ( dna - drop !
2 ) ( repeat ( cons ' P p ) lvl ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " IP " ) ( dna - drop !
2 ) ( repeat ( cons ` ( ! , ( nat ) ) p ) lvl ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " IF " ) ( dna - drop !
3 ) ( repeat ( cons ` ( ? , ( consts ) ) p ) lvl ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " IIP " ) ( dna - drop !
3 ) ( repeat ( cons '( p ) (+ lvl 1 ) ) ] [ ( or ( dna - prefix ? " IIC " ) ( dna - prefix ? " IIF " ) ) ( dna - drop !
3 ) ( if ( zero ? lvl ) ( reverse ! p ) ( repeat ( cons ') p ) (- lvl 1 ) ) ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " III " ) ( rna-append ! ( dna- substring 3 10 ) ) ( dna -drop ! 10 ) ( repeat p lvl ) ] [ else ( printf " finish : called by pattern can't match beginning of DNA : ~ a...~n " ( dna- substring 0 10 ) ) ( finish ) ] ) ) )
And the same was try with the template function :
( define ( template ) ( let repeat ( [t ( ) ] ) ( cond [ ( dna - prefix ? " C " ) ( dna - drop !
1 ) ( repeat ( cons ' I t ) ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " F " ) ( dna - drop !
1 ) ( repeat ( cons ' C t ) ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " P " ) ( dna - drop !
1 ) ( repeat ( cons ' F t ) ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " IC " ) ( dna - drop !
2 ) ( repeat ( cons ' P t ) ) ] [ ( or ( dna - prefix ? " IF " ) ( dna - prefix ? " IP " ) ) ( dna - drop !
2 ) ( repeat ( cons `( _ , ( nat ) , ( nat ) ) t ) ) ] [ ( or ( dna - prefix ? " IIC " ) ( dna - prefix ? " IIF " ) ) ( dna - drop !
3 ) ( reverse ! t ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " IIP " ) ( dna - drop !
3 ) ( repeat ( cons `( || , ( nat ) ) t ) ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " III " ) ( rna-append ! ( dna- substring 3 10 ) ) ( dna -drop ! 10 ) ( repeat t ) ] [ else ( printf " finish : called by template can't match beginning of DNA : ~ a...~n " ( dna- substring 0 10 ) ) ( finish ) ] ) ) )
The nat and consts functions seems that could do a little tweaking but again I postponed .
Anyway it was Saturday , first competition day for me and I still had the whole day and still sunday so I just wrote :
( define ( nat ) ( cond [ ( dna - prefix ? " P " ) ( dna - drop !
1 ) 0 ] [ ( or ( dna - prefix ? " I " ) ( dna - prefix ? " F " ) ) ( dna - drop ! 1 ) (* 2 ( nat ) ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " C " ) ( dna - drop !
1 ) (+ (* 2 ( nat ) ) 1 ) ] [ else ( printf " finish : called by nat .
dna is empty . ~n " ) ( finish ) ] ) ) ( define ( consts ) ( cond [ ( dna - prefix ? " C " ) ( dna - drop !
1 ) ( string - append " I " ( consts ) ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " F " ) ( dna - drop !
1 ) ( string - append " C " ( consts ) ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " P " ) ( dna - drop !
1 ) ( string - append " F " ( consts ) ) ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " IC " ) ( dna - drop !
2 ) ( string - append " P " ( consts ) ) ] [ else " " ] ) )
The next one were the straightforward matchreplace and replace itself which were the most bug - ridden functions I had in the competition but not amazingly were quite simple to implement :
( define ( matchreplace p t ) ( call / cc ( λ ( return ) ( let loop ( [ i 0 ] [ e ( ) ] [ c ( ) ] [ cp p ] ) ( for - each ( λ ( envel ) ( print - seq - info " e " envel ) ) e ) ( if ( null ? cp ) ( begin ( printf " successful match of length : ~ a~n " i ) ( for - each ( λ ( envel ) ( print - seq - info " e " envel ) ) e ) ( dna - drop ! i ) ( replace t ( reverse ! e ) ) ) ( match ( car cp ) ( (? symbol ? ( or ' I ' C ' F ' P ) ) ( let ( [ dna - symb ( string - > symbol ( string ( dna- ref i ) ) ) ] ) ( if ( eqv? dna -symb ( car cp ) ) ( loop (+ i 1 ) e c ( cdr cp ) ) ) ) ) ( `(! , n ) ( if ( not ( > (+ i n ) ( dna - length ) ) ) ( loop (+ i n ) e c ( cdr cp ) ) ) ) ( `(? , s ) ( let ( [ smallest - suffix ( find- smallest - dna - suffix s i ) ] ) ( if smallest - suffix ( loop smallest - suffix e c ( cdr cp ) ) ) ) ) ( (? symbol ? '( ) ( loop i e ( cons i c ) ( cdr cp ) ) ) ( (? symbol ? ' ) ) ( loop i ( cons ( dna - substring ( car c ) i ) e ) ( cdr c ) ( cdr cp ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( replace tpl e ) ( let ( [ env ( list - > vector e ) ] ) ( letrec ( [ env- ref ( λ ( n ) ( if ( >= n ( vector - length env ) ) " " ( vector - ref env n ) ) ) ] ) ( let loop ( [r " " ] [t tpl ] ) ( if ( null ? t ) ( dna - preppend ! r ) ( cond [ ( symbol ?
( car t ) ) ( loop ( string - append r ( symbol - > string ( car t ) ) ) ( cdr t ) ) ] [ ( list ? ( car t ) ) ( if ( eqv ? ( first ( car t ) ) '_ ) ( loop ( string - append r ( protect ( second ( car t ) ) ( env-ref ( third ( car t ) ) ) ) ) ( cdr t ) ) ( loop ( string - append r ( asnat ( string - length ( env-ref ( second ( car t ) ) ) ) ) ) ( cdr t ) ) ) ] ) ) ) ) ) ) ( match ( car t ) ( (? symbol ? ( or ' I ' C ' F ' P ) ) ( loop ( string - append r ( symbol - > string ( car t ) ) ) ( cdr t ) ) ) ( `( _ , l , n ) ( loop ( string - append r ( protect l ( env-ref n ) ) ) ( cdr t ) ) ) ( `( || , n ) ( loop ( string - append r ( asnat ( string - length ( env-ref n ) ) ) ) ( cdr t ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Where the print functions are just debugging aids :
( define ( print - seq - info name seq ) ( printf " ~a = ~ a ...( ~a bases ) ~n " name ( if (< ( string - length seq ) 10 ) ( string - length seq ) ( substring seq 0 10 ) ) ( string - length seq ) ) ) ( define ( print - dna - info ) ( printf " dna = ~ a ... ( ~a bases ) ~n " ( dna- substring 0 10 ) ( dna- length ) ) )
And follows the utility functions for matchreplace :
( define ( protect l d ) ( if ( zero ? l ) d ( protect (- l 1 ) ( dna- quote d ) ) ) ) ( define ( dna - quote d ) ( printf " quote : d=NOTSHOWN~n " ) ( cond [ ( string - prefix ?
" I " d ) ( string - append " C " ( dna -quote ( string - drop d 1 ) ) ) ] [ ( string - prefix ? " C " d ) ( string - append " F " ( dna - quote ( string - drop d 1 ) ) ) ] [ ( string - prefix ? " F " d ) ( string - append " P " ( dna -quote ( string - drop d 1 ) ) ) ] [ ( string - prefix ?
" P " d ) ( string - append " IC " ( dna - quote ( string - drop d 1 ) ) ) ] [ else " " ] ) ) ( define ( asnat n ) ( cond [ ( zero ? n ) " P " ] [ ( even ? n ) ( string - append " I " ( asnat ( quotient n 2 ) ) ) ] [ ( odd ? n ) ( string - append " C " ( asnat ( quotient n 2 ) ) ) ] ) )
This finishes up the hard part DNA -> RNA , which I had it finished by saturday afternoon …
Now , I needed the bitmap part working .
Incredibly , using PLT - Scheme functions to handle bitmaps was easy and produced great results , however , did n’t allow me to run this on my server , without X .
This is because I needed mred.ss library which require X to be running , when in fact , no window is being displayed and apparently , no X is in fact being using directly by me .
The RNA variable which I did n’t show was defined similarly to the DNA variable and is of no use to show it here .
The RNA to image part is of not much interest ( because I never got to really optimize it ) and you can find the code online .
However , with this much code and a little bit more for bitmap generation was enough to generate this from the prefix found in the last task page after about 140 iterations :
First the part where optimization worked beautifully … the replace function :
( define ( replace tpl e ) ( let ( [ env ( list - > vector e ) ] ) ( letrec ( [ env- ref ( λ ( n ) ( if ( >= n ( vector - length env ) ) " " ( vector - ref env n ) ) ) ] ) ( let loop ( [r '( ) ] [t tpl ] ) ( if ( null ? t ) ( dna - preppend !
( apply string - append ( reverse ! r ) ) ) ( cond [ ( symbol ? ( car t ) ) ( loop ( cons ( symbol - > string ( car t ) ) r ) ( cdr t ) ) ] [ ( list ? ( car t ) ) ( if ( eqv ? ( first ( car t ) ) '_ ) ( loop ( cons ( protect ( second ( car t ) ) ( env-ref ( third ( car t ) ) ) ) r ) ( cdr t ) ) ( loop ( cons ( asnat ( string - length ( env-ref ( second ( car t ) ) ) ) ) r ) ( cdr t ) ) ) ] ) ) ) ) ) )
This version removed the string - appends from all over the body to apply a string - append to a list of strings which is built in reverse order during the loop .
The difference of these two versions is quite big .
Now , using PLT - Scheme profiler I started to optimize everything that should up worse than light green ( in DrScheme ) and decided to remove the match at matchreplace by something similar which in fact did n’t improve much , if at all , this function .
This is what is not in place of the match call :
( let ( [ obj ( car cp ) ] ) ( if ( symbol ? obj ) ( cond [ ( eqv? obj '( ) ( loop i e ( cons i c ) ( cdr cp ) ) ] [ ( eqv? obj ' ) ) ( let ( [ substr ( dna - substring ( car c ) i ) ] ) ( loop i ( cons substr e ) ( cdr c ) ( cdr cp ) ) ) ] [ else ( let ( [ dna - symb ( string - > symbol ( string ( dna- ref i ) ) ) ] ) ( if ( eqv? dna -symb ( car cp ) ) ( loop (+ i 1 ) e c ( cdr cp ) ) ( return ( printf " failed match ~n " ) ) ) ) ] ) ( if ( eqv ? ( first obj ) '! ) ( if ( not ( > (+ i ( second obj ) ) ( dna - length ) ) ) ( loop (+ i ( second obj ) ) e c ( cdr cp ) ) ( return ( printf " failed match ~n " ) ) ) ( let ( [ smallest - suffix ( find - smallest - dna - suffix ( second obj ) i ) ] ) ( if smallest - suffix ( loop smallest - suffix e c ( cdr cp ) ) ( return ( printf " failed match ~ n " ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
I also tried to optimize consts and nat by removing all those function calls without much success :
( define ( nat ) ;; Search for the first P ( let ( [ p - pos ( let loop ( [ i 0 ] ) ( let ( [ cc ( dna - ref i ) ] ) ( cond [ ( string ?
cc ) ( printf " finish : called by nat .
After eating ~a bases can't find a P starting with ~ a ... " i ( dna- substring 0 10 ) ) ( finish ) ] [ ( char= ? cc # P ) i ] [ else ( loop (+ i 1 ) ) ] ) ) ) ] ) ( begin0 ( let loop ( [ pos ( - p- pos 1 ) ] [ val 0 ] ) ( cond [ (= pos - 1 ) val ] [ ( char= ? ( dna - ref pos ) # C ) ( loop ( - pos 1 ) (+ (* 2 val ) 1 ) ) ] [ else ( loop ( - pos 1 ) (* 2 val ) ) ] ) ) ( dna -drop ! (+ p-pos 1 ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( consts ) ( let const - loop ( [ i 0 ] [ transf ( ) ] ) ( let ( [ cc ( dna - ref i ) ] ) ( if ( and ( char= ? cc # I ) ( not ( char= ? ( dna-ref (+ i 1 ) ) # C ) ) ) ( begin ( dna - drop ! i ) ( apply string ( reverse ! transf ) ) ) ( cond [ ( char= ? cc # C ) ( const- loop (+ i 1 ) ( cons # I transf ) ) ] [( char= ? cc # F ) ( const- loop (+ i 1 ) ( cons # C transf ) ) ] [ ( char= ? cc # P ) ( const- loop (+ i 1 ) ( cons # F transf ) ) ] [ else ( const-loop (+ i 2 ) ( cons # P trans f ) ) ] ) ) ) ) )
And I even optimized template and pattern by replacing calls from
( dna - prefix ? " C " )
to
( char= ? ( dna-ref 0 ) # C )
without much , or any , success .
These benchmark explain why I tried :
> ( time ( begin ( let loop ( [ i 0 ] ) ( unless ( >= i 3000000 ) ( cond [ ( dna - prefix ? " IP " ) " C " ] [ ( dna - prefix ? " IF " ) " P " ] [ else " K " ] ) ( loop (+ i 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) cpu time : 32678 real time : 32821 gc time : 3660 > ( time ( begin ( let loop ( [ i 0 ] ) ( unless ( >= i 3000000 ) ( cond [ ( dna - prefix ? " I " ) ( if ( char= ? ( dna-ref 1 ) # \ P ) " C " " P " ) ] [ else " K " ] ) ( loop (+ i 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) cpu time : 34970 real time : 36296 gc time : 1664 > ( time ( begin ( let loop ( [ i 0 ] ) ( unless ( >= i 3000000 ) ( cond [ ( and ( char= ? ( dna-ref 0 ) # \ I ) ( char= ? ( dna-ref 1 ) # \ P ) " C " " P " ) ] [ else " K " ] ) ( loop (+ i 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) cpu time : 38086 real time : 38345 gc time : 0
The optimizations took me almost all saturday night and sunday .
Sunday evening I was getting desperate .
Then I though that with these datastructures there was n’t probably much more I could do but I was tired and had to work on the next day so I sent and email to the list to let my frustration go when I was advised to go by #oasis @ freenode.org where people where talking about datastructures and algorithms .
I went by to the channel full of people and went to sleep to do nothing else .
I ’m doing basically ~1 iterations / sec when I should probably be doing 20000 iterations / sec .
Yesterday , I went to look into the PLT - Scheme manual and remembered myself that PLT Scheme string are unicode and probably perform even worse than normal C - strings ( in PLT - Scheme , byte - strings ) due to that .
I shall try change to byte - string and see the results ! :-)
The more or less cleanified code of what I had is here .
Overall , I already saw many possible optimizations , other that are possibly I certainly have not yet come to think about them but it was a whole lot of fun ! :-)
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Permalink
Svoje strani gostujemo v ZDA pri Hostgatorju .
To je daleč najboljši hosting , kar smo ga kdaj preizkusili in nismo edini , ki ga hvalimo .
Če boste gostovali pri Hostgatorju lahko uporabite tudi tale dva kupona : za 25 % popusta na naročiloza 9.94 $ popusta na naročiloIzberite tistega , ki se vam bolj splača .
Veliko informacij lahko dobiš kar v našem vodiču po zaslužku na internetu .
Če hočeš pa res ( res ! ) poglobljen in advanced vpogled v čisto vse kar se tiče služenja z AdSensom pa predlagamo knjigo Fat Cat Blueprint .
Top knjiga kar se tega tiče , seveda se da pa po tej knjigi narejene strani monetizirati tudi drugače , ne samo z AdSensom .
Ko začneš kupovati orodja za bolj učinkovito delo je prva stvar , ki jo moraš kupiti Market Samurai .
Raziskovanje niš in ključnih besed , sledenje pozicijam , iskanje vsebine , promocija itd ... skoraj švicarski nožek internet marketinga .
Bookmarking Demon - top za avtomatski social bookmarking Build My Rank - trenutno top blog mreža za pridobivanje povezav Sick Submiter - poceni , ampak zakon za kreiranje forum profilov , submitanje v direktorije ... v bistvu vse RSS
Bot - doda vse vaše RSS feed -e v vrsto RSS direktorijev Article Marketing Robot - top orodje za article marketing Za mnogo unikatnih verzij enega članka uporabljamo :
The Best Spinner - je trenutno top orodje za pripravi spinanih člankov , je plačljiv na letno naročnino , vendar vreden svojega denarja .
To je zaenkrat to .
THE Master of the Coombe Women 's Hospital has strongly rejected a female Jehovah 's Witness ' description of a blood transfusion administered to her at the hospital against her wishes , after she suffered a massive , haemorrhage as being " like a rape " .
Dr Chris Fitzpatrick said the woman had given an " inaccurate representation ' ' of what had happened to her after she experienced massive blood loss following the birth of her baby boy at the Coombe Women 's hospital on September 21 , 2006 .
He was told the woman had said that during the transfusion process , people were around her terrifying her , that she wanted to fight the medical staff off before the transfusion was given but was unable to , that she was held and sedated before the transfusion was administered and had described the experience as like a rape .
Dr Fitzpatrick said he " found it difficult to reconcile " what had happened with that account of events .
Staff at the hospital were " at pains ' ' to support the woman during what was a difficult time for everybody concerned , he said .
He was giving evidence in the continuing action by the hospital against the woman in which the hospital contends it was entitled to seek an injunction in September 2006 to give the woman a transfusion .
The hospital secured the order after it told the court it believed the woman would die without a transfusion as she had lost some 80 pc of her blood and that the woman had refused the transfusion in light of her religious beliefs .
The woman may be identified only as Ms K .
She is 24 years of age and from the Democratic Republic of Congo .
In the proceedings before Ms Justice Mary Laffoy , the hospital claims
Ms K's constitutional rights to freedom of conscience and the free practice of religion do not extend to enabling her to decline appropriate medical treatment .
It further pleads that it would be contrary to public order and morality if Ms K could be permitted to place her life in immediate danger by declining routine medical treatment .
It also claims a general duty to protect and safeguard the woman 's right to life , and her personal rights generally .
Ms K denies the claims .
In a counter - claim , she contends the administration of the transfusion was a breach of her rights under the European Convention on Human Rights and that she was entitled to refuse such medical treatment .
Ms K also claims that the hospital committed assault and trespass on her person .
The case continues .
Getting Access to Gmail Accounts of the Deceased
When a person passes away , sensitive information might reside on a Gmail account .
How can a family get access to this information if necessary ?
This question is raised in a Google Groups thread .
According to Gmail Guide , the following steps need to be provided to Google in order to obtain access to the Gmail account :
1 . Your full name and contact information , including a verifiable email address .
2 . The Gmail address of the individual who passed away .
3a .
The full header from an email message that you have received at your verifiable email address , from the Gmail account in question .
( To obtain the header from a message in Gmail , open the message , click ' More options , ' then click ' Show original . '
Copy everything from ' Delivered - To : ' through the ' References : ' line .
To obtain headers from other webmail or email providers , please refer to http://www.spamcop.com/help_with_headers/)
3b . The entire contents of the message .
4 . A copy of the death certificate of the deceased .
5 . A copy of the document that gives you Power of Attorney over the Gmail account .
6 . If you are the parent of the individual , please send us a copy of the Birth Certificate if the Gmail account owner was under the age of 18 .
In this case , Power of Attorney is not required .
Gmail Guide requests that you send this information via Fax or Postal Mail :
Google Inc .
Attention : Gmail User Support
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
Mountain View , CA 94043
650-644-0358
It takes approximately 30 days for the information to be processed , but if the access is needed sooner , " it is Google 's policy to only provide information pursuant to a valid third party court order or other appropriate legal process . "
Discussion continues at Google Groups .
Dell has released the results of its internal accounting probe today , stemming from allegations they mis-dated earnings or backdated share options to reach their financial goals .
The probe has obviously been a huge thorn in the computer maker 's paw , delaying the filing of current financial results and prompting an expensive corporate restructuring .
The company will restate all the company 's financial results relating to the fiscal years 2003 , 2004 , 2005 and 2006 .
Restatement
The restated earnings will correct the accounting shenanigans identified through the investigation .
Dell said it expects the restatement to have the following effects on the bottom line :
Revenue for each year will be reduced by less than 1 per cent than was previously reported .
The total income during the period - originally put at $ 12bn - will be reduced by between $ 50 m and $ 150m .
The income for the first quarter of fiscal 2003 and the second quarter of fiscal 2004 will be reduced by between 10 per cent and 13 per cent .
Figures for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005 will be reduced by about 7 per cent .
And numbers for the second quarter of fiscal 2005 and the third quarter of fiscal 2006 will increase by 5 to 7 per cent .
Dell does not expect the adjustments , however , to have a material impact on cash flow during the period or change the results of future earnings .
Whoops , our bad
The investigation found evidence that account balances were fixed to show quarterly performance objects had been met , sometimes at the request or with the knowledge of senior executives .
Sometimes Dell 's business units did not provide complete information to corporate HQ and , in a number of instances , purposefully provided incomplete or false information to auditors .
" We are committed to achieving and maintaining a strong control environment , high ethical standards and financial reporting integrity , " said Michael Dell , CEO .
" This commitment will be communicated to every Dell employee and external stakeholder .
It is accompanied by renewed management focus on decision - making and processes intended to drive long - term shareholder value . "
In response to the findings , Dell said its management has taken action .
Personnel have been sacked , reassigned , reprimanded , trained or are being watched closely .
The company 's financial leaders will be required to take accounting ethics training .
Dell will segregate accounting and financial reporting responsibility .
Finally , they have eliminated manual processes in accounting to improve the reliability of financial reporting .
Dell will hold an investor call later today to discuss the results .
We 'll have more as it develops .
Update
During the investor call , Dell CFO Don Carty would not answer several questions asking whether executives still working at Dell knew about the financial chicanery .
" I 'm not going to talk about any individuals by name , " said Carty .
" We 've taken what we perceive to be the appropriate actions with personnel involved with this . "
Carty said the company has taken steps including but not limited to terminations , but he would not go into further detail .
" I think we are all comfortable that we have taken the proper actions to ensure this never happens at Dell again . "
Carty went on to say the investigation was " enormously comprehensive , " and found no evidence to suggest the scandal goes back further than the time period stated .
He said the SEC investigation is still ongoing , and the company will focus on filing the proper documents with the SEC and cooperating with the investigation fully .
Dell plans to file the revised finances as well as results delayed due to the SEC investigation no later than the first week of December . ®
By Nicholas Witchell
BBC Royal correspondent
The deployment of Prince Harry 's regiment to Iraq has been confirmed by the Ministry of Defence .
The prince has always said he wants to be taken seriously as a soldier .
Prince Harry is said to have bonded well with the men he commands
He joined the army as a career .
He wants to be taken seriously as a soldier , which is why he made it clear after he'd finished his officer training at Sandhurst that he would leave the army if he was left behind when his regiment was sent to a war zone .
And so , just as the prime minister announces the start of Britain 's phased withdrawal from Iraq , Second Lieutenant Harry Wales of the Household Cavalry , is preparing for a tour of duty in that country .
It is the riskiest military deployment by a member of the royal family since his uncle , Prince Andrew , headed off to the Falkland Islands as a Royal Navy helicopter pilot in the conflict of 1982 .
Harry 's departure for Iraq will , self - evidently , pose a significant challenge to those charged with ensuring his safety .
To have the third in line to the British throne on active service in what , for a British soldier , is an extremely hostile environment will be an added pressure for Britain 's already hard - pressed military commanders .
Fulfilling obligations
Yet it should n't really be a surprise that Harry is going .
It is still the case that the majority of male members of the family have served in one or other of the forces ' branches
Prince to serve in Iraq
In purely practical terms , the British operation in southern Iraq still requires the reconnaissance skills that the Household Cavalry , with its light tanks and armoured vehicles , can provide .
In personal terms , Harry is keen to go .
He is said to have bonded well with the dozen men he commands in his troop .
He wants to be there with them ; to lead them and to put into practice what he 's been taught in training .
Furthermore - despite the obvious misgivings about safety - the royal family will want and expect him fully to fulfil his obligations as a serving soldier .
If he were first or second in the line of succession the safety considerations would take precedence .
But , unlike his elder brother , Harry has the freedom to pursue a ( relatively ) orthodox military career and show what he 's capable of .
Emotional ties
It should n't be forgotten that there is no constituency with which the royal family has closer emotional or instinctive ties than the armed forces .
Prince Andrew served in the Falklands war
It is still the case that the majority of male members of the family have served in one or other of the forces ' branches .
From the Duke of Edinburgh 's wartime service in the Royal Navy , via the army careers of the Kent brothers ( the Duke , 21 years : Prince Michael , 20 years ) , to the naval service of Princes Charles and Andrew and , now , the army careers of Harry and his elder brother William .
Harry 's deployment to Iraq with the rest of his men from ' A ' Squadron of the Blues and Royals is an example of the royal family standing alongside the families of other British soldiers , sailors , marines and airmen .
A grandmother 's anxiety is much the same in Windsor as it is in Wallasey or Wick , and in the context of this particular conflict , it is an anxiety which may perhaps be exacerbated in all of those places by doubts about the purpose of the whole endeavour .
But Second Lieutenant Harry Wales will be there , doing his duty with the rest of his regiment , while his father , elder brother and grandmother will - with several thousand other British families - suddenly have a very personal stake in the progress of this particular campaign , and an insight into the stresses that it can provoke .
They may even find themselves reflecting that not a single senior member of this government , the ministers of the Crown who committed Britain to the Iraqi intervention , has had an equivalent experience .
Recently some discussion on the Haskell IRC channel suggested that using continuation passing style can increase the performance of monadic code .
I decided to try this with my 2007 ICFP contest code .
The results were stunning .
I had previously updated my monad to make it more precise , and to avoid using the unoptimized Ubuntu MTL package .
The previous monad data type constructor was ( approximately )
data DNAState a = Done | More DNA a newtype DNAMonad a = DNAMonad { xrunDNA :: DNA -> ( [ RNA ] ->[ RNA ] , DNAState a ) }
which would be StateT DNA ( MaybeT ( Writer ( Endo [ RNA ] ) ) ) if using the MTL .
I created a new monad that does exactly the same thing but using CPS .
newtype DNAMonad a = DNAMonad { unDNA :: forall r. ( Cont ( DNA -> ( [ RNA ] , DNAState r ) ) a ) }
This would be forall r. ContT r ( StateT DNA ( MaybeT ( Writer [ RNA ] ) ) ) with the MTL .
I also copied code from the Control .
Monad .
Cont module so that the operations on Cont are inlined .
The previous code code without using CPS took about 8 minutes to run Endo ’s DNA .
The new CPS monad takes about 2 minutes !
These timings are not comparable to my previous article because I ’m now I switched to using the Data .
Sequence for the DNA representation between now and then , and I ’m running it on my laptop .
None the less , a four fold improvement probably puts me on par with the lisp implementation .
My only problem is that I do n’t really understand how it manages to run so much faster .
The implementation of bind is notably different .
The old code had to deconstruct and reconstruct tuples .
a >>= f = DNAMonad $ \dna -> let ( r1,s1 ) = xrunDNA a dna in case s1 of Done -> ( r1 , Done ) More dna1 a 1 -> let ( r2,s2 ) = xrunDNA ( f a 1 ) dna1 in ( r1 . r2 , s2 )
The new code just calls Cont ’s bind and does n’t touch any tuples .
a >>= f = DNAMonad ( unDNA a >>= ( \x -> unDNA ( f x ) ) )
I guess the result value a has been pulled from inside the structure to outside the structure .
Still , I have no intuition about the run time effects of using CPS .
What good is my degree in computer science ?
It is worth noting that I ’ve replace the difference list [ RNA ] -> [ RNA ] with simply [ RNA ] because I believe the CPS style automatically gives me the right associativity of list concatenation that I need .
Thanks goes to ddarius , ski and Saizan .
[ Editor 's Note : Whether Copperfield is or is n't guilty of raping a woman in the Bahamas is not the issue .
The issue is the illegal and unconstitutional behavior of 12 FBI agents in seizing two million dollars from Copperfield 's property in Las Vegas .
The FBI may or may not have obtained a search warrant to search for " evidence " ( of a rape ? ) , which maybe could justify taking a computer hard drive , but what possible justification is there for taking this man 's money , other than the " justification " that all fascists employ of Might makes Right ?
OK , it 's routine for the police or FBI to seize cash from people clearly involved in drug dealing , but how does that apply here ?
Surely , Copperfield is a wealthy man and it's not at all uncommon for people of wealth to keep large amounts of cash in their possession .
So what ?
How does the presence of 2 million in cash in Copperfield 's building in Las Vegas somehow hint at criminal possession ?
Why not take the paintings off the wall and Houdini memorabilia as well ?
What is the difference between the behavior of the German Gestapo and SS when it removed the cash , paintings and silverware from the homes of innocent Jewish owners in Europe and what the FBI did to David Copperfield ?
The man is innocent until he 's PROVEN guilty in court at a trial with 12 jurors .
This guy has n't even been ACCUSED of anything !
The FBI supposedly launched an INVESTIGATION .
Seizure by law enforcement of people 's property or financial assets merely based on someone 's accusation or allegation against them is illegal and unconstitutional in the extreme .
When will legal , academic , and constitutional scholars in this country SPEAK UP and denounce these outrageous acts of criminal misconduct and launch lawsuits to end this egregious maltreatment of American citizens ?... Ken Adachi ]
By Ken Lee and Mark Gray
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/fbilootdavdicopperfield20oct07.shtml
October 20 , 2007
FBI Loot Magician David Copperfield of 2 Million Cash Based on Woman 's Allegation of Bahama Rape ( Oct. 20 , 2007 )
http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20153177,00.html
FBI Raids Magician David Copperfield 's Warehouse
THURSDAY OCTOBER 18 , 2007
Magician David Copperfield has been linked to an FBI investigation , authorities confirmed Thursday .
A Las Vegas warehouse operated by Copperfield was raided by 12 agents Wednesday night , TV station KLAS reports .
A computer hard drive , digital camera system , and nearly $ 2 million in cash were seized , the station reports .
" The only thing we 're confirming right now is that there was some investigative activity in the Las Vegas area yesterday connected with a Seattle - area case , both of which are pending , " said Robbie Burroughs , spokeswoman for the Seattle division of the FBI .
Copperfield 's attorney , David Chesnoff , says in a statement : " We understand there is an investigation , ( we ) are in touch with the investigators , and are respecting the confidentiality of the investigation . "
Copperfield , easily one of the most well - known magicians , performs monthly in Las Vegas at the MGM Grand .
He just finished a two - week engagement at the hotel last week , and is scheduled to return Nov. 15 - 28 .
His warehouse , located in an industrial section of the city , is rarely seen by anybody other than magic scholars , according to Forbes magazine , which got a rare glimpse last year .
The magazine said the two - story building , which Copperfield calls the International Museum & Library of the Conjuring Arts , contains " an Ali Baba 's trove of sports cars , vintage automatons , gargoyle heads , gadgetry and an electric chair , " as well as 80,000 books , illusions , posters and memorabilia .
Copperfield is among the richest entertainers in the world .
According to Forbes , Copperfield earned $ 57 million in 2003 , ranking him that year as the 10th - highest paid globally .
Copperfield was once engaged to the supermodel Claudia Schiffer , but the couple split in 1999 after six years together .
http://www.fox5vegas.com/news/14373260/detail.html
FBI Investigates Copperfield For Sexual Assault
Investigation Stems From Alleged Assault In Bahamas
POSTED : October 18 , 2007
UPDATED : 11:00 am PDT October 19 , 2007
LAS VEGAS --
There have been new details released in the FBI Investigation of David Copperfield .
FBI raids of magician Copperfield 's Las Vegas property are in connection with a rape claim made by a Seattle woman , law enforcement sources told FOX News .
The woman told Seattle police the magician raped her while she was in the Bahamas .
Because the alleged incident happened abroad and the woman did not report it until she returned to the United States , Seattle authorities turned over the case to the FBI .
Copperfield has been contacted by law enforcement authorities and the FBI has conducted an investigation in Las Vegas , where the magician regularly performs , his lawyer and the FBI confirmed .
Copperfield 's Las Vegas attorney , David Chesnoff , issued a statement on the case Wednesday night :
" We understand there is an investigation , are in touch with the investigators , and are respecting the confidentiality of the investigation . "
Copperfield has a warehouse in Las Vegas that he has dubbed the International Museum and Library of the Conjuring Arts .
He stores tricks and memorabilia from around the world at the warehouse .
" The investigation is related to a Seattle case .
The Seattle case is pending and that means we can't say anything about it , " Seattle FBI Agent Robbie Burroughs said .
Copperfield , 51 , has been a longtime performer at the Hollywood Theater at the MGM Grand casino - hotel on the Las Vegas Strip , where he has performed in six - to eight - week stints several times a year , said MGM Mirage Inc. spokeswoman Yvette Monet .
Stay with FOX5 News or refresh fox5vegas.com for continual updates to this story .
http://www.stuff.co.nz/4243896a1860.html
FBI raids David Copperfield and finds millions
Reuters | Saturday , 20 October 2007
FBI agents have raided a Las Vegas warehouse owned by magician David Copperfield – for reasons they did not disclose – and media reports said that they seized nearly $ 2 million ( $ NZ2.69 million ) and computer equipment .
The FBI declined to say why it raided the Las Vegas warehouse , confirming only that it related to an investigation out of Seattle .
" We 're just confirming that investigative activity took place at the warehouse , " David Staretz , chief division counsel , for the FBI in Las Vegas , told Reuters .
He declined to give further details .
The warehouse is where Copperfield keeps his props and maintains an office .
Media reports said FBI agents seized nearly $ 2 million in cash from the building , along with a computer hard drive and a memory chip from a digital camera system during Wednesday 's late - night operation .
" We understand there is an investigation , are in touch with the investigators , and are respecting the confidentiality of the investigation , " Copperfield 's attorney David Chesnoff said in a statement cited by Las Vegas broadcasters .
Chesnoff and Copperfield 's publicist could not be reached for further comment .
The local CBS affiliate KLAS - TV quoted a source as saying the cash was stashed in a safe and that agents took the cash .
Copperfield , 51 , whose real name is David Kotkin , is famed for stunts such as making the Statue of Liberty disappear and walking through the Great Wall of China .
He is a regular performer at the MGM Grand hotel in Las Vegas .
Reader Comments
Subject : Copperfield
From:RT
Date : Sun , October 21 , 2007
To : Editor
I enjoyed your piece on Rense.com about avid Copperfield .
The whole situation smacks of official Oppression , but by whom ?
First , the alledged rape alledgedly occured in the Bahamas , and was not even reported to Bahamian Authorities , only US Authority months after ?
Last I knew the US did not have any authority in the Bahamas .
Cooperfield knows a good looking woman when he sees one and they are throwing themselves at his feet all the time and would be willing to fulfill any fantasy he had including a rape scenario !
Did the FBI have a genuine / bona fide search warrant signed by a Federal Judge ?
Or have the Feds started issuing blank search warrants , the Gestapo used metal discs as their search warrant .
David Copperfield has become politically active lately and has let it be known that he for one is dissatisfied with the Bush Cabal .
The rape allegation is a veiled threat to Copperfield and those like him , monied and infuential , to keep thier mouths shut or suffer the consequences .
After all , the Law means nothing to those in power .
RT
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Coulter opposes women voting
After a rigorous 12 - step program , I was able to stop writing blog posts about right - wing clown Ann Coulter , who goes out of her way to say stupid things in exchange for media attention .
Alas , I ’m off the wagon .
Telling the New York Observer that women should n’t vote is too good not to mention .
“ If we took away women ’s right to vote , we ’d never have to worry about another Democrat president .
It ’s kind of a pipe dream , it ’s a personal fantasy of mine , but I do n’t think it ’s going to happen .
And it is a good way of making the point that women are voting so stupidly , at least single women .
“ It also makes the point , it is kind of embarrassing , the Democratic Party ought to be hanging its head in shame , that it has so much difficulty getting men to vote for it .
I mean , you do see it ’s the party of women and ‘ We ’ll pay for health care and tuition and day care — and here , what else can we give you , soccer moms ? ' ”
Garance Franke - Ruta argues that this could , if used correctly , be “ as much of a gift to the Democratic Party as MoveOn.org ’s advertisement on Gen. Petraeus was for the G.O.P .
More of a gift , even . ”
I would like to see that quote , “ If we took away women ’s right to vote , we ’d never have to worry about another Democratic president .
It ’s kind of a pipe dream , a personal fantasy of mine , ” as the header on GOTV mailers along with pictures of Coulter and whichever candidates were stupid enough to associate themselves with her earlier in the year .
I would like to see it on television ads .
The idea that today ’s G.O.P. leaders are craven and idiotic enough to associate themselves with someone who could say such a thing will catapult women to the polls .
Sounds good to me .
Back in January , Germany indicted thirteen CIA officers , who allegedly kidnapped , Khaled al - Masri :
Germany has ordered the arrest of 13 suspected CIA agents over the alleged kidnapping of one of its citizens .
Munich prosecutors confirmed that the warrants were linked to the case of Khaled al - Masri , a German national of Lebanese descent .
Mr Masri says he was seized in Macedonia , flown to a secret prison in Afghanistan and mistreated there .
He says he was released in Albania five months later when the Americans realised they had the wrong man .
Then , in February , it was Italy ’s turn at seeking justice in another renditions case involving , Abu Omar a Jordanian militant living in England and visiting Milan at the time of his kidnapping :
An Italian judge has ordered 26 Americans and five Italians to stand trial for the kidnapping of a terror suspect in Milan in 2003 , in what will be the first criminal court case over the CIA ’s extraordinary rendition programme .
The decision , which indicts a number of senior intelligence officials from the US and Italy , concerns the abduction of a radical imam known as Abu Omar , who was flown to Egypt where he claims he was tortured under questioning on February 17 2003 .
Prosecutors say that five Italian intelligence officials worked with the CIA to abduct the Egyptian cleric .
All but one of the American suspects has been identified as CIA agents .
Among them are said to be the former heads of the CIA in Rome and Milan - Jeff Castelli and Robert Lady – as well as the former Italian chief of military intelligence , Nicolo Pollari .
The other US citizen is an air force officer stationed at the time at Aviano , where Abu Omar was taken after being seized .
And now , it ’s Scotland ’s turn to take a stand for human rights :
A CIA " torture flight " airplane which regularly visited Guantanamo Bay landed at Edinburgh Airport on its way from Afghanistan to the United States , according to a new report .
The civil rights charity Reprieve said it had evidence which showed one of the planes at the centre of the controversial " rendition " flights stopped in the Capital - and also highlighted a second " suspicious " landing .
The refueling stopover was made on a flight from Kabul to Washington on November 25 , 2002 , at the height of the Afghanistan war .
Reprieve has spent two years compiling evidence about the so - called torture flights , which are said to have taken prisoners from conflict spots to the Guantanamo Bay detention centre .
Its report , based mainly on airplane companies ' flight logs and prisoners ' testimonies , identifies more than 100 suspect flights that landed in Scotland .
It is believed the flight which landed in Edinburgh is more likely to have been carrying CIA interrogators home to the United States rather than transporting prisoners .
The aircraft involved - the N85VM Gulfstream IV - is said by Reprieve to have flown to Guantanamo Bay on at least 51 occasions between June 2002 and January 2005 .
The second " suspicious " flight landed at Edinburgh on May 13 , 2005 , when a plane from Reykjavik stopped off in the Capital on its way to Frankfurt .
Reprievebelieves this particular flight was part of a longer journey from Afghanistan to the U.S.
The charity has said that the two flights are just the tip of the proverbial iceberg , with numerous more untraced rendition flights probably having stopped in the Capital .
After presented with the charity ’s dossier yesterday , Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill said he will send all the information in Reprieve ’s report to the Lord Advocate .
Mr MacAskill said : " This Government has made absolutely clear our opposition to illegal rendition flights and also how seriously we take allegations regarding attempting to commit torture being committed here .
There are clear laws in Scotland that have to be upheld .
Attempts to commit torture are crimes under Scots law and it is for the police to investigate allegations of such offences and for the procurator fiscal to decide whether to bring proceedings . "
Clive Stafford Smith , legal director for Reprieve , said : " There is extremely serious evidence of systematic cover - up of transfers to torture , and nothing has been done to prevent this happening again in the future .
" Enforced disappearance , illegal transfer and the torture of prisoners raise the most serious moral concerns and issues under international law .
Scottish airports have played central roles in facilitating the secret CIA programme , which has involved the torture and abuse of an unknown number of individuals , many of whom have since simply disappeared . "
The fact that two out of three of these countries have dark pasts steeped in fascism is a stark irony to say the least .
The fact that our fathers and grandfathers fought , bled and died to defeat that fascism is beyond any rhetorical device .
It ’s tantamount to a massive retrogressive meltdown of conscious .
I just hope and pray that we ’re able to threaten convince Congress to put an end to these reprehensible acts ... before we bloggers begin to " disappear . "
Oops , I almost forgot .
I doubt that Donald Rumsfeld , Alberto Gonzalez and George Tenet will be going to Europe on vacation any time soon either .
They ’re still wanted in Germany
Just days after his resignation , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is about to face more repercussions for his involvement in the troubled wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
New legal documents , to be filed next week with Germany 's top prosecutor , will seek a criminal investigation and prosecution of Rumsfeld , along with Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , former CIA director George Tenet and other senior U.S. civilian and military officers , for their alleged roles in abuses committed at Iraq 's Abu Ghraib prison and at the U.S. detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
More information on CIA " torture " flights :
Throw da fascists out !
Peace
This article will give very thorough and simple , step - by - step , instructions on how to tie the four main neck tie knots : Windsor Knot ( aka Double Windsor Knot ) , Half Windsor Knot , Four - in - Hand Knot , and the Pratt Knot .
Each tie knot gets its own section with step - by - step instructions , each step includes a diagram , and there is also at least one ( sometimes two ) videos showing someone tying the knot from beginning to end .
There is no way , no how , that you could possibly be unable to tie any one of these knots after reading this article 😀 .
Before You Begin
These instructions assume that you are right - handed and standing in front of a mirror ( do the diagrams seem to be ‘ in reverse ’ to you ?
Remember , they ’re showing you what you should look like in the mirror ) .
If you are left - handed , you can simply reverse the two ends .
You ’ll still end up with the same tie knot .
Also , these steps include pulling the collar down after you drape the necktie around your shoulders .
You can leave the collar up until after the last knot is finished if you prefer .
First , button up your dress shirt ( even the top button ) , then pull the collar straight up all the way around .
This helps you make sure the tie drapes around your collar in the right place .
Now drape the necktie behind your neck , letting the ends fall over your shoulders .
The Windsor , Half Windsor , and the Four - in - Hand tie knots all begin by draping the necktie around your neck , right - side out .
( The Pratt Knot , described later , begins with the necktie seam - side out . )
Notice in the following graphic that the two ends of the neck tie are not the same width .
These instructions refer to them as the broad end and the narrow end .
To make it easier to follow the steps , the broad end is slightly darker and wider than the narrow end .
This graphic also distinguishes the right - side out and the seam - side out positions .
Before you begin the knot , make sure that the broad end of the tie hangs twice as low as the narrow end .
This will help you create the right length .
( Generally , the broad end of the finished knotted neck tie should extend just to the top of your belt buckle . )
How To Tie A Windsor Knot ( aka “ Double Windsor ” Tie Knot )
The Windsor knot is a large symmetric and triangular
tie knot that looks best with wide collars , and is typically worn for formal occasions .
Thought to project confidence , this thick tie knot is typically worn in business or political settings , and is a good choice for job interviews .
The Windsor is , by far , the most popular general tie knot ( though the four - in - hand is close ) .
Because the Windsor knot is wide and thick , it ’s best worn with ties made of thinner materials , such as silk .
The wide form of this tie knot is especially popular with men who have longer necks .
First the video , which does a superb job , and then there are written step - by - step instructions with diagrams :
Instructions
1. Stand in front of the mirror and drape the tie over your neck and around the collar so that the broad end drapes over your right shoulder and the narrow end drapes over your left shoulder .
The broad end should hang twice as low as the narrow end .
Both ends are right - side out .
2 . Cross the broad end over the narrow end to form a V close to the neck .
( The broad end is now to the left of the narrow end . )
3 . Using the thumb and first two fingers of your right hand , gently hold the V in place while you bring the broad end up , under and over the V at the neck , then down to the right .
This creates the first part of the knot .
( The broad end is seam - side out now )
4. Loosely hold the narrow end with your right hand while you bring the broad end under the narrow end , close to the V at the neck .
The broad end is now seam - side out .
This creates the second part of the knot .
5 . Hold the knot in position between the thumb and first two fingers of your right hand while you bring the broad end to the left , over the knot ( and over your two fingers to form a loop ) .
The broad end is right - side out .
Continue to lightly hold the knot .
6 . Bring the broad end behind the knot , and up between the neck and the knot .
Then slip the broad end through the loop being help open with your two fingers .
The tying is now complete .
7 . Use both hands to straighten the tie and coax the knot up and toward the center .
The broad end ( on top ) should hang lower than the narrow end .
How To Tie A Half Windsor Knot
The Half Windsor knot is a simpler version of the Windsor tie knot , suitable for ties made of light to medium fabrics .
Although not as formal as the Windsor , the Half Windsor is a simple triangular tie knot that can be worn with almost any dress shirt .
First , the videos , and then the step - by - step instructions with diagrams :
A second video , which is very good and covers both the Half - Windsor knot and the Four - in - Hand knot :
1. Stand in front of the mirror and drape the tie over your neck and around the collar so that the broad end drapes over your right shoulder and the narrow end drapes over your left shoulder .
The broad end should hang twice as low as the narrow end .
Both ends are right side out .
Pull the collar down .
2 . Cross the broad end over the narrow end to form a V close to the neck .
( The broad end is now to the left of the narrow end ) .
3 . Using the thumb and first two fingers of your right hand , gently hold the V in place while you bring the broad end behind and to the right of the narrow end .
( The broad end is now seam - side out . )
This forms the first part of the knot .
Continue to hold the knot in place between your fingers .
4 . Still holding the knot , bring the broad end up and over the knot and your two fingers , creating a loop .
The broad end is now seam - side out and to the right of the narrow end .
Continue to hold the knot between your fingers and thumb .
5 . Bring the broad end in front of and to the left of the knot and over your two fingers to form a loop .
6 . Bring the broad end up and behind the knot at the neck , and the slip it down through the loop held open by your two fingers .
The tying is now complete .
7 . Use both hands to straighten the tie and coax the knot up and toward the center .
The broad end ( on top ) should hang lower than the narrow end .
How To Tie A Four - in - Hand Knot
The Four - in - Hand is a popular tie knot , and probably
the easiest to learn , which makes tying a four in hand knot the first choice if you ’re very short on time .
Unlike the Windsor and Half Windsor tie knots , the Four - in - Hand knot is slightly asymmetrical , and thus less formal .
Use this knot for typical button - down dress shirts .
Because the knot is not thick , it works best with ties made of
heavier fabrics .
This narrow tie knot is especially popular with men who have shorter necks .
First , the videos , and then step - by - step instructions with diagrams will follow :
A second video , also show earlier for the Half - Windsor , which is very good and covers both the Four - in - Hand knot and the Half - Windsor knot :
1. Stand in front of the mirror and drape the tie over your neck and around the collar so that the broad end drapes over your right shoulder and the narrow end drapes over your left shoulder .
The broad end should hang twice as low as the narrow end .
Both ends are right side out .
Pull the collar down .
2 . Cross the broad end over the narrow end to form a V close to the neck .
( The broad end is now to the left of the narrow end . )
3 . Using the thumb and first two fingers of your right hand , gently hold the V in place while you bring the broad end under and to the right of the narrow end .
The broad end is now seam - side out .
4 . Still holding the knot in place with your right hand , bring the broad end over and to the left of the narrow end , and over the two fingers of your right hand to form a loop .
Continue to hold the knot in place .
5 . Bring the broad end up and behind the knot , then slip the broad end through the loop held open by your fingers on the right hand .
The tying is now complete .
6 . Use both hands to straighten the tie and coax the knot up and toward the center .
The broad end ( on top ) should hang lower than the narrow end .
How To Tie A Pratt Knot
The Pratt knot is sometimes incorrectly referred to as the Shelby knot .
The name is derived from the inventor of the knot , Jerry Pratt .
Not quite as wide as the Windsor knot , the Pratt knot looks well with almost any dress shirt .
Because it is fairly wide , however , it ’s better used with ties made of light or medium fabrics .
Larger than the Four - in - Hand knot but smaller than the Half Windsor , the Pratt knot is neat and symmetric .
It ’s suitable for most shirts and for most occasions .
Of the four knots listed here , the Pratt knot is the only one that begins by draping the tie over your collar seam - side out .
First , the video , and then the step - by - step instructions with diagrams :
1. Stand in front of the mirror and drape the tie over your neck and around the collar so that the broad end drapes over your right shoulder and the narrow end drapes over your left shoulder .
The broad end should hang twice as low as the narrow end .
Both ends begin seam side out .
2 . Bring the broad end under the narrow end and to the left .
This forms a V close to the neck .
3 . Using the thumb and the first two fingers of your right hand , gently hold the V in place while you bring the broad end up and over the V at the neck , ending to the left of the narrow end .
This creates the first part of the knot .
( Both sides are still seam side out . )
Continue to hold the knot in place .
4 . Bring the broad end to the right , over the knot ( and over your two fingers to form a loop ) .
The broad end is now right - side out .
Continue to lightly hold open the loop with your fingers .
5 . Bring the broad end up and behind the knot , and then slip the broad end down and through the loop .
The tying is now complete .
6 . Use both hands to straighten the tie and coax the knot up and toward the center .
The broad end ( on top ) should hang lower than the narrow end .
Additional Resources About Neck Ties and Tie Knots :
If you ’re really interested in this subject , I highly recommend Thomas Fink ’s The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie : The Science and Aesthetics of Tie Knots – this truly is the “ bible ” of tie knots , with a lot of additional information , background , and history about each knot ( with instructions and diagrams for each one , of course ) .
Wikipedia Article On Neck Ties – Very interesting , includes the history of the first neck ties , called ‘ Cravats ’ , the complicated procedure a gentleman would have to execute to properly tie one , the many different possible knots such as the ‘ mathematical ’ and the ‘ mail coach ’ , the history and origins of current knots such as the Four - in - hand and Windsor knots , and a lot of good additional information ( did you know that some law enforcement agencies require clip - on ties because it would be dangerous for an officer to wear a tie that an assailant could choke them with ? ) .
It also mentions health risks associated with ties ( glaucoma sufferers beware ) and the recognized problem of cross infection between patients due to a doctors tie .
Anti-tie sentiment from the 1960 ’s still carries over to today , especially among technology and internet companies .
Wikipedia Article About the Paisley Design Commonly Found on Ties
The History Of Neckwear , by Alan Flusser Author of several acclaimed men ’s fashion books ( see all his books on Amazon HERE ) , including the best - selling Dressing the Man : Mastering the Art of Permanent Fashion
The Straight Dope :
What is , or was , the purpose of men ’s neckties ?
–
Very interesting article where Cecil takes questions on ties from several people who have written into him , such as one who had an interesting point : “ … You fail to consider that the tie is the male ’s one opportunity for textile display as flashy as that permitted the female .
Women can splash color from neckline to hem .
But male shirtings and suitings are evidently designed by some Protestant soul afraid that any color visible at more than two feet will cause moral degeneracy .
The tie is a man ’s only opportunity to strut his stuff .
– James Y. , Bethesda , Maryland ”
Cecil then proceeds to ask : “ Jim , you one of those fashion - mag guys who call those things people wear on their legs a “ pant ” ? 😆
Totieatie.com – Comprehensive website about how to tie a tie as well as further care and cleaning information such as how to clean a tie , how to prevent and remove wrinkles on a tie , and how to iron a tie .
Thomas Fink ’s Encyclopedia of Tie Knots – A physicist opines on EVERY conceivable way one could tie a tie – in fact , this guy actually wrote a book called The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie : The Science and Aesthetics of Tie Knots
How to Tie a Tie at eHow.com –
This article is way better but I ’ll put it here so you ’ve got something else to use and compare with this .
How to Tie a Tie at WikiHow – Again , this article is better , but I do n’t want anyone to think I ’m excluding them because they ’re running a competing site–they ’re relevant , therefore they get linked to because the reader might want to see it .
How to Tie a Bow Tie at WikiHow.com – Pretty good article , this one ’s got some decent diagrams .
Krawattenknoten.info – Cool site that has a LOT of different tie knots , including lots of obscure ones you probably wo n’t find information on anywhere else , such as the Half - English Tie Knot , Atlantic Tie Knot , and Turkish Tie Knot .
Other similar ‘ How to Tie a Tie ’ Websites ( same stuff , slightly different flavors ) :
Tie-a- Tie.net
TieaNecktie.com
TieGuide.com
U.S. can seek Ken Lay estate assets , judge rules
Linda Lay argued that the case should be dismissed because the government is trying to tie tainted funds to money laundering , a crime with which her late husband , Ken Lay , never was charged .
Linda
Lay argued that the case should be dismissed because the government is trying to tie tainted funds to money laundering , a crime with which her late husband , Ken Lay , never was charged .
Photo : MELISSA PHILLIP , CHRONICLE Photo : MELISSA PHILLIP , CHRONICLE Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close U.S. can seek Ken Lay estate assets , judge rules 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The government may go ahead with its bid to seize assets from Ken Lay 's estate , a judge ruled Wednesday , denying a request from the Enron chairman 's widow to stop the effort .
U.S. District Judge Ewing Werlein 's ruling allows the government to seek nearly $ 13 million from Lay 's estate , including the upscale condominium he and wife Linda Lay shared .
The judge wrote that prosecutors had provided " ample allegations " of criminal activity tied to the cash and property in question to pursue its case .
But that does n't mean Linda Lay faces imminent eviction .
The case can proceed with both sides gathering evidence and witnesses in preparation for trial .
No trial or hearings have been scheduled .
Ken Lay's May 2006 convictions on 10 counts of fraud , conspiracy and lying to banks were erased because he died of heart disease before he could be sentenced or launch an appeal .
The government had intended to pursue seizure of assets tied to crimes based on those convictions .
After the convictions were erased , prosecutors filed the civil forfeiture action .
Because Lay 's record is clean , the government will have to prove his guilt again at a civil forfeiture trial as though the criminal trial had n't happened .
However , the government 's burden of proof in a civil case is lower than in a criminal case .
A civil case requires a " preponderance of evidence " while a criminal conviction requires proof " beyond a reasonable doubt . "
" They 're playing the game as far as they can take it , " said Adam Gershowitz , an assistant professor at the South Texas College of Law in Houston .
" It would require a huge amount of resources to retry the case . "
Samuel Buffone , a Washington attorney who represents Linda Lay , said she intends to fight .
" The opinion of the court merely finds that the government has alleged a claim over the property .
We are confident that once all the facts are known , the court will determine that the government has no valid claim to the assets , " Buffone said .
Justice Department spokeswoman Jaclyn Lesch declined comment .
The government contends Ken Lay gained $ 99 million from criminal activity , mostly by repaying Enron loans with company stock throughout 2001 when the company was in financial turmoil .
Prosecutors say they can trace and recover nearly $ 13 million of that .
The amount includes $ 2.5 million Lay used to pay off the condominium 's mortgage days after Enron went bankrupt in December 2001 ; $ 10 million that was controlled by a partnership named after the couple ; and about $ 22,000 in a bank account .
Linda Lay had argued that the case should be dismissed because the government did n't sufficiently bolster allegations that the cash and property in question was tainted .
She also argued that prosecutors sought to tie tainted funds to money laundering when her husband was never charged with that crime .
At the very least , she reasoned , the government should n't be able to seize the dwelling whether or not part of the mortgage was paid off with tainted money .
The condominium is valued at about $ 6 million on Harris County tax rolls .
Prosecutors countered that the condominium is fair game , like the cash , because tainted funds were allegedly used to pay off the mortgage , and it does n't matter whether the couple bought it years earlier with clean funds .
kristen.hays@chron.com
Scientists monitoring events this summer say the acceleration could be catastrophic in terms of sea - level rise and make predictions this February by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change far too low .
The glacier at Ilulissat , which supposedly spawned the iceberg that sank the Titantic , is now flowing three times faster into the sea than it was 10 years ago .
Robert Correll , chairman of the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment , said in Ilulissat today : " We have seen a massive acceleration of the speed with which these glaciers are moving into the sea .
The ice is moving at two metres an hour on a front 5 km [ 3 miles ] long and 1,500 metres deep .
That means that this one glacier puts enough fresh water into the sea in one year to provide drinking water for a city the size of London for a year . "
Prof Correll is visiting Greenland as part of a symposium of religious , scientific , and political leaders to look at the problems of the island , which has an ice cap 3 km thick containing enough water to raise worldwide sea levels by seven metres .
Today leaders of Christian , Shia , Sunni , Hindu , Shinto , Buddhist and Jewish religions took a boat to the tongue of the glacier for a silent prayer for the planet .
They were invited by Bartholomew I , the spiritual leader of 250 million Orthodox Christians worldwide .
Prof Correll , director of the global change programme at the Heinz Centre in Washington , said the estimates of sea level rise in the IPCC report were conservative and based on data two years old .
The predicted rise this century was 20 cm to 60 cm , but it would be at the upper end of this range at least , he said , and some believed it could be two metres .
This would be catastrophic for European coastlines .
He had flown over the Ilulissat glacier and " seen gigantic holes in it through which swirling masses of melt water were falling .
I first looked at this glacier in the 1960s and there were no holes .
These so - called moulins , 10 to 15 metres across , have opened up all over the place .
There are hundreds of them . "
He said ice - penetrating radar showed that this melt water was pouring through to the bottom of the glacier creating a lake 500 metres deep which was causing the glacier " to float on land .
These melt - water rivers are lubricating the glacier , like applying oil to a surface and causing it to slide into the sea .
It is causing a massive acceleration which could be catastrophic . "
The glacier is now moving at 15 km a year into the sea although in surges it moves even faster .
He measured one surge at 5 km in 90 minutes - an extraordinary event .
Veli Kallio , a Finnish scientist , said the quakes were triggered because ice had broken away after being fused to the rock for hundreds of years .
The quakes were not vast - on a magnitude of 1 to 3 - but had never happened before in north - west Greenland and showed the potential for the entire ice sheet to collapse .
Prof Correll said : " These earthquakes are not dangerous in themselves but the fact that they are happening shows that events are happening far faster than we ever anticipated . "
I was so excited to finally have my own Dvorak keyboard .
But it was definitely more trouble than it was worth .
First , I 'm a broke college student , so I could n't buy one .
Instead I switched the keys from a regular one around into the Dvorak format .
The problem with this is that the keys on the keyboard are different heights .
Thus , it looked and felt really crooked .
Second , I use Windows and most of the shortcuts are made for QWERTY keyboards .
For instance , to copy and paste on Windows it 's easy Ctrl+C , Ctrl+V .
C's only four keys away from Ctrl and V's right next to C .
So it can all be done with one hand .
However for Dvorak keys it takes two hands .
Third , I waited too long to do it .
I quickly discovered how well I could already type on QWERTY .
It was already built into my reflexes and coordination to go to certain places for certain keysSo my recommendations are : Buy and use a Dvorak keyboard when you 're young ( or buy one for your nephew or niece ) .
Along with that , use an OS that has shortcuts which are easily remap pable .
Halloween is quickly approaching , so now ’s the perfect time to start learning how to survive a Zombie uprising .
Here ’s an invaluable guide that will teach you the best ways to avoid , evade , and if need be , fight your run -of - the - mill Zombie horde .
Enjoy the show !
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Kerri Martin is looking for a job .
“ And I ’ve got plenty of time on my hands to do it right , ” she declares .
Martin–the branding superstar who made a splash reintroducing BMW ’s Mini to the United States before switching gears to become director of brand innovation for Volkswagen –does n’t have much to say about why she abruptly left VW last January : “ We ’ve agreed not to talk about that . ”
But she does have some helpful job - hunting tips for her fellow marketing professionals :
Know what you ’re getting into before you take a gig , interview the firm as intently as it interviews you , and ask yourself , “ Can I work with these people ? ”
She pauses , then laughs .
“ Trust me , I plan to take my own advice . ”
There are many others who should too .
The chief marketing officer , or its org - chart equivalent , may be the riskiest job in the American C- suite .
A veritable who ’s who of companies – Coca - Cola , Wal - Mart , Best Buy , Gap , and Verizon –have seen their CMOs depart within the past 12 months .
And that ’s just déjà vu all over again :
For the past three years , an annual survey conducted by executive - search firm SpencerStuart has shown that the tenure for CMOs at the top -100 consumer - branded companies has averaged a scant 23 months .
( By contrast , CEOs hang on to their jobs for 54 months . )
Some sector averages are particularly grim :
If you ’re in telecommunications , you ’re looking at 15 months ; in the food industry , you ’ve got about a year .
Greg Welch , author of the survey and an accompanying report , observes , “ Clearly , every departure has its own story . ”
But the new reality is that CMO jobs are incredibly perilous .
Today ’s marketing chiefs are shape - shifting beasts who grasp not only advertising and promotions but also public relations , IT , finance , manufacturing , customer service , and branding across global markets .
“ It has more strategic importance than ever before , ” Welch says .
That challenge helps explain why “ we ’re seeing CMOs getting ambushed , ” says Donovan Neale - May , executive director of the CMO Council , an international peer - support network whose 3,000 - plus members control more than $ 70 billion in annual marketing spending .
One recent casualty was Michael Linton , who was pushed out at Best Buy last year with barely a warning after nearly five years .
Linton , now a senior VP at eBay , notes that CMOs are tempting targets .
Because marketing is such a public function , and everyone has an opinion on what works , “ people will come up to you and say anything , like , ‘ Your advertising blows , ' ” he says .
“ No one comes up to the CIO and says , ‘ Hey , I was just thinking about your data architecture and how much better things are somewhere else . ' ”
Some marketing honchos do buck the trend .
Russell Klein has lasted four years as CMO at Burger King , reenergizing the brand with the creepy but popular “ King ” character .
His relative longevity may have something to do with his background :
He brought both agency and beverage - industry experience .
But more important , Klein sits comfortably at the helm of a multi- pronged marketing organization that gives him the data–and the relationships –he needs to make the less visible decisions .
“ Reporting to me are advertising , promotions , and creative , but I ’m also on the board of our supply - chain company , ” he says .
This gives him insights into things such as food and packaging costs .
“ I ca n’t just invent a campaign around a new pickle , for example , ” he explains .
“ A company of our size and scale , we ’d have to grow that pickle .
It ’s a new form of produce . ”
By understanding how small changes might cause inadvertent ripples , he says , he ’s able to avoid mistakes .
So what ’s it going to take to get the CMO off the endangered - species list ?
Perhaps a clearer definition of the position and what ’s expected –which is a job for the CEO .
After all , no company could welcome such regular turnover in a top management position ; among other things , it ’s inefficient .
Indeed , over the past two years , three - quarters of marketing departments have been reorganized , according to a recent Forrester Research report .
As Katherine Stone , who survived five CMOs during seven years as director of experiential marketing for Coca - Cola , recently lamented on the blog Brand Autopsy , “ Usually , the new CMO gets rid of everything the prior guy championed ….
A lot of things get thrown away , which wastes time and money . ”
Argues the CMO Council ’s Neale - May : “ CEOs and their boards are having a tough time figuring out what they want . ”
Or maybe they are n’t .
Maybe the CMO post should be acknowledged simply as the “ fall guy ” job in the C - suite .
If the numbers turn down and CEOs need to make changes , the first instinct certainly wo n’t be to step aside themselves .
Getting rid of the CFO might spook Wall Street , while changing a COO or CIO could disrupt operations .
Dumping the CMO seems easy in comparison .
IN any controversy it can be helpful to consider the views of disinterested parties .
So , on the subject of agricultural policy and practice , it ’s worth noting that an unimpeachably neutral group has joined the ranks of those who prefer organic foods over foods produced with the help of synthetic chemicals .
That group is 40 Swiss rats .
A team of Swiss and Austrian scientists recently concluded a 21 - year study of organic wheat production .
As an “ integrative method ” for assessing quality , they gave lab animals a choice of biscuits made from organic or conventional wheat .
The rats ate significantly more of the former .
The authors call this result remarkable , because they found the two wheats to be very similar in chemical composition and baking performance .
In fact , the rats were better at telling the difference between organic and conventional foods than many humans have been .
In the handful of carefully designed taste - offs reported in the last few years , people were often unable to identify the organic foods , and often did n’t prefer them .
Image
This is puzzling , since organic produce generally does pack more antioxidants and other potentially healthful — and potentially flavorful — phytochemicals than conventional produce .
Just last July , Professor Alyson Mitchell and colleagues at the University of California , Davis summarized 10 years of data from tomatoes grown in carefully controlled organic and conventional systems .
The antioxidant contents varied from year to year , but were consistently higher in the organic tomatoes .
" The chief project thus far of the SPP is the so - called NAFTA superhighway which would connect Mexico , the United States and Canada , cutting a wide swath through the middle of Texas and up through Kansas City , " warned Republican Congressman Ron Paul in a statement read at one of the morning news events in Ottawa yesterday .
" Millions would be displaced by this massive undertaking which would require the eminent domain actions [ expropriations ] on an unprecedented scale .
...
A Spanish construction company , it is said , plans to build the highway and operate it as a toll road . "
Globe and Mail , 8/21/07
http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20070821.wamigosprotests21/BNStory/Front
ISLAMABAD ( Reuters ) - A suicide bomber who killed 25 people in an attack on a crowded hotel in Pakistan left a grisly warning taped to his leg : “ Those who spy for Americans will meet the same fate . ”
People gather at the site of a bomb blast in a hotel in Peshawar May 15 , 2007 .
A suicide bomber who killed 25 people , including himself , in an attack at a hotel in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar left a grisly warning on his leg : " Those who spy for Americans will meet the same fate .
" REUTERS / Faisal Mahmood
“ The message in Pashto language appeared to be written with a black marker , ” Malik Zafar Azam , Law Minister in Pakistan ’s volatile North West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) , told Reuters on Wednesday .
Azam said he was the first government official to reach the Marhaba hotel in the centre of Peshawar after Tuesday ’s blast -- which also wounded 32 people -- and saw the severed legs of the bomber himself .
Police said the warning was taped to the man ’s leg .
“ The suicide bomber was an old man .
We are carrying out forensic and related tests , ” a senior police investigator said .
The blast left no crater , and aside from the tell - tale way in which the bomber ’s body had blown apart , police also found nuts and bolts , sometimes packed into suicide bomb vests to make the explosion more deadly .
The hotel was owned and frequented by Afghans .
Government officials have dampened speculation the suicide attack could have been retaliation against collaborators after U.S. - led forces killed Mullah Dadullah , the Taliban ’s top military commander in southern Afghanistan , on Saturday .
Hundreds of thousands of Afghans live in Peshawar and the surrounding area , and the city has been a staging post for jihadi groups sympathetic to al Qaeda .
To escape the conflict raging in their homeland in the past three decades , many Afghans flocked through the Khyber Pass to Peshawar , Afghanistan ’s winter capital in a bygone era .
In recent years , Peshawar has suffered an overspill of violence from tribal regions on the border with Afghanistan .
The Pakistan military has been fighting al Qaeda militants there , while seeking to contain pro-Taliban tribesmen .
A rash of bomb blasts has hit the city and areas nearby since late last year , as militants angry with President Pervez Musharraf ’s alliance with the United States sought to destabilize the government by creating insecurity .
A little over two weeks ago , another suicide bomber killed 26 people in an attack that appeared to target the country ’s interior minister while he was visiting Charsadda , a town 20 km ( 12 miles ) northeast of Peshawar .
“ It is too early to say who was behind the latest attack , but the pattern was similar to one on the interior minister and previous attacks , ” the investigator said .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
Call the police or intervene ?
Protecting the vulnerable is considered a key tenet of a civilised society , but recent events have shown that intervention in an effort to uphold community values can come at a very high price .
As well as the recent high - profile cases of men being killed after stepping in to stop troublemakers , there is also the memory of Philip Lawrence , the headmaster who was fatally stabbed in 1995 when trying to save a pupil from a gang .
The dilemma of intervention is one many of us - including broadcaster Jeremy Vine - have grappled with in our minds , if not in reality .
But what protection does the law afford the person who commits violence when protecting someone else ?
THE ANSWER
Assault is lawful if preventing a crime or protecting family , property or another person
But force must be reasonable and proportionate
Can anyone make a citizen 's arrest ?
" There 's the concept of self - defence in case law that extends to defending not just one 's self and one 's property but also one 's nearest and dearest and family , " says solicitor Robert Brown .
" If I was married and my wife was being attacked then it would be a form of self - defence by analogy to protect property or family .
So to that extent there would be some permission . "
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines
The Criminal Law Act could also be used .
This aims at preventing a crime and permits assault if , for example , a shoplifter is being stopped from leaving a store .
" Therefore by analogy if you see someone beating up a stranger and intervene and you are accused of assault then you could use the Criminal Law Act to say ' I 've a defence because I 've prevented a crime , ' " says Mr Brown .
" Therefore there 's a rather broad defence in law to protect someone who intervenes . "
The force used must be " reasonable and proportionate " and that is decided by a jury , which should take into account the difficulty of assessing what this means in the heat of the moment .
Lawrence died helping others
" You can act in self - defence of another in Scots law and you can come to the assistance of a person under threat of imminent physical violence , " he says .
" But the response has to be proportionate to the violence that 's potentially being meted out .
It 's not classed as an assault because there 's no intent to injure . "
And any means of escape has to be taken at the earliest opportunity , for the defence to hold .
Much as I would want to help out another person who was being attacked or abused , these situations can quickly escalate into violence
John , London
Jeremy Vine : ' Next time , I 'm stepping in '
And a Home Office statement said : " The public should not intervene in any situations of any criminal activity .
They may put themselves in danger , exacerbate the situation and ultimately be acting on the wrong side of the law . "
Those who have stepped in have sometimes found the authorities interpret events in an unsympathetic way .
A rail guard who intervened to protect passengers from a man who had allegedly threatened them has reportedly been sacked and charged with threatening behaviour , after appearing to head - butt the man .
Lottery
And in a separate incident , Magazine reader John , from London , says he was charged with grievous bodily harm after a teenager who had been abusing a woman in a petrol station then squared up to him and threatened to knock him out .
John punched the youth and fractured his jaw .
He says he was charged with GBH , suspended from work , depicted as a thug by lawyers and faced the prospect of jail , but the charge was dropped when CCTV evidence clearly showed the youth , who was eventually convicted of affray , behaving threateningly .
" Much as I would want to help out another person who was being attacked or abused , these situations can quickly escalate into violence , " says John .
" And even if you do n't get hurt as a result , the police are going to get involved , as are lawyers who are smart enough to make the whole thing a lottery . "
1 ) Ticket cameras do not improve safety .
Despite the claims of companies that sell ticket cameras and provide related services , there is no independent verification that photo enforcement devices improve highway safety , reduce overall accidents , or improve traffic flow .
Believing the claims of companies that sell photo enforcement equipment or municipalities that use this equipment is like believing any commercial produced by a company that is trying to sell you something .
2 ) These devices discourage the synchronization of traffic lights .
Once red - light cameras start making money for local governments , they are unlikely to jeopardize this income source .
Engineering improvements that lessen the income brought in by the cameras include traffic - light synchronization , the elimination of unneeded lights and partial deactivation of other traffic lights during periods of low traffic .
When properly done , traffic - light synchronization decreases congestion , pollution , and fuel consumption .
3 ) There are better alternatives to cameras .
If intersection controls are properly engineered , installed , and operated , there will be very few red - light violations .
From the motorists ’ perspective , government funds should be used on improving intersections , not on ticket cameras .
Even in instances where cameras were shown to decrease certain types of accidents , they increased other accidents .
Simple intersection and signal improvements can have lasting positive effects , without negative consequences .
Cities can choose to make intersections safer with sound traffic engineering or make money with ticket cameras .
Unfortunately , many pick money over safety .
4 ) Ticket recipients are not notified quickly .
People may not receive citations until days or sometimes weeks after the alleged violation .
This makes it very difficult to defend oneself because it would be hard to remember the circumstances surrounding the supposed violation .
Even if the photo was taken in error , it may be very hard to recall the day in question .
5 ) Ticket recipients are not adequately notified .
Most governments using ticket cameras send out tickets via first class mail .
There is no guarantee that the accused motorists will even receive the ticket , let alone understand it and know how to respond .
However , the government makes the assumption that the ticket was received .
If motorists fail to pay , it is assumed that they did so on purpose , and a warrant may be issued for their arrest .
6 ) There is no certifiable witness to the alleged violation .
A picture may be worth a thousand words , but it may also take a thousand words to explain what the picture really means .
Even in those rare instances where a law enforcement officer is overseeing a ticket camera , it is highly unlikely that the officer would recall the supposed violation .
For all practical purposes , there is no “ accuser ” for motorists to confront , which is a constitutional right .
There is no one that can personally testify to the circumstances of the alleged violation , and just because a camera unit was operating properly when it was set up does not mean it was operating properly when the picture was taken of any given vehicle .
7 ) Taking dangerous drivers ’ pictures does n’t stop them .
Photo enforcement devices do not apprehend seriously impaired , reckless or otherwise dangerous drivers .
A fugitive could fly through an intersection at 100 mph and not even get his picture taken , as long as the light was green !
8 ) Cameras do not prevent most intersection accidents .
Intersection accidents are just that , accidents .
Motorists do not casually drive through red lights .
Even the most flagrant of red - light violators will not drive blithely into a crowded intersection , against the light .
More likely , they do not see a given traffic light because they are distracted , impaired , or unfamiliar with their surroundings .
Putting cameras on poles and taking pictures will not stop these kinds of accidents .
9 ) The driver of the vehicle is not positively identified .
Typically , the photos taken by these cameras do not identify the driver of the offending vehicle .
The owner of the vehicle is mailed the ticket , even if the owner was not driving the vehicle and may not know who was driving at the time .
The owner of the vehicle is then forced to prove his or her innocence , often by identifying the actual driver who may be a family member , friend or employee .
10 ) Ticket camera systems are designed to inconvenience motorists .
Under the guise of protecting motorist privacy , the court or private contractor that sends out tickets often refuses to send a copy of the photo to the accused vehicle owner .
This is really because many of the photos do not clearly depict the driver or the driver is obviously not the vehicle owner .
Typically , the vehicle owner is forced to travel to a courthouse or municipal building to even see the photograph , an obvious and deliberate inconvenience meant to discourage ticket challenges .
Up in Smoke Oil Industry Flares $ 40 Billion a Year in Gas
Up to 170 billion cubic meters of natural gas are " flared " by the world 's oil producers every year .
The economic value amounts to $ 40 billion , but the burden on the earth 's atmosphere -- in warming emissions like methane and carbon dioxide -- is enormous .
Von Volker Mrasek
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : media@dcaclu.org
WASHINGTON - Today the American Civil Liberties Union expressed its skepticism following the Department of Justice ’s announcement of two new internal oversight offices .
The department is creating an Oversight Section for its National Security Division and a bureau - wide Office of Integrity and Compliance for the FBI .
The Justice Department says the additions are aimed at enforcing adherence to agency guidelines and protecting civil liberties .
The following can be attributed to Caroline Fredrickson , director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office :
" Though it is commendable that the Department of Justice is pointing its investigative arm inward , its track record on internal regulation is shaky at best .
The response to the damning Inspector General report on NSLs only resulted in unimpressive guidelines that failed to address the broad NSL power itself .
" Internal oversight is really a contradiction in terms when it comes to the FBI .
The creation of these offices is tantamount to putting a band - aid on a broken arm - the problem is much larger than the solution .
We have seen clearly in the past just how murky the water can get when we allow the FBI to police itself .
Independent supervision is the only legitimate avenue for oversight .
There must be both congressional and judicial oversight to guarantee civil liberties protections . "
Pakistan warns against nuclear weapons grab
by Staff Writers
Islamabad ( AFP ) Nov 12 , 2007
Pakistan warned Monday it had sufficient " retaliatory capacity " to defend its nuclear weapons , after a report the United States had made contingency plans to stop them falling into the wrong hands .
Denouncing " irresponsible conjecture , " the foreign ministry said Pakistan was ready and able to defend its nuclear arsenal and there was no risk of the arms being taken .
Its reaction followed a Washington Post report that with Pakistan in the throes of a political crisis , the United States had drawn up contingency plans in case the Pakistani military risked losing control of the weapons .
" If there is any threat to our nuclear assets and sovereignty , we have the capacity to defend ourselves , " foreign ministry spokesman Mohammad Sadiq told AFP .
A ministry statement went further , saying in response to the daily 's report that " suffice it to say that Pakistan possesses adequate retaliatory capacity to defend its strategic assets and sovereignty . "
The ministry strongly denied its weapons were at any risk .
" Our strategic assets are as safe as that of any other nuclear weapons state , " it said .
A number of US officials and lawmakers have voiced concern that President Pervez Musharraf 's government could lose control over its nuclear arsenal amid the crisis triggered by his imposition of a state of emergency .
The Post cited several former US officials saying that the plans envision efforts to remove a nuclear weapon at imminent risk of falling into the hands of terrorists .
However it reported that US officials were worried their limited knowledge about the location of the arsenal could pose a problem .
That was laughed off by the Pakistani foreign ministry .
" If they cannot locate Pakistan 's nuclear weapons despite their satellites , how can people sitting on a mountain know where they are , " it said .
Pakistan , a crucial Washington ally in the fight against Al - Qaeda and the Taliban , has amassed some 50 nuclear weapons since detonating its first atomic devices in May 1998 .
Hot Rod did an article on this method in their Winter 2007 Paint & Body edition ( cover has a ' 57 Chevy and a hot blonde both with flames painted on . )
No online version ( I checked . )
I just picked it up the other day , and they painted a ' 62 Falcon ; it looks pretty good , but sounds like a lot of work .
To do it right it 'll take upwards of 6 coats to get good coverage , with sanding in between and lots of buffing after .
Expect it to take about a week .
The upside is that it does n't take any special equipment or a paint booth .
Do n't expect a show - quality body from it , but it 's a good cheap way to get a decent paint job on a daily driver .
I 've got some rust to eliminate and will likely be doing the paint with a roller & brush .
Undefined behavior in Perl and other languages
Miles
Gould wrote what I thought was an interesting article on implementation - defined languages , and cited Perl as an example .
One of his points was that a language that is defined by its implementation , as Perl is , rather than by a standards document , cannot have any " undefined behavior " .
Undefined behavior
Perl : the static variable hack
Perl : modifying a hash in a loop
Perl : modifying an array in a loop
Haskell : n + k patterns
+ patterns XML screws up Undefined behavior
For people unfamiliar with this concept , I should explain briefly .
The C standard is full of places that say " if the program contains x , the behavior is undefined " , which really means " C programs do not contain x , so If the program contains x , it is not written in C , and , as this standard only defines the meaning of programs in C , it has nothing to say about the meaning of your program . "
There are around a couple of hundred of these phrases , and a larger number of places where it is implied .
For example , everyone knows that it means when you write x = 4 ; , but what does it mean if you write 4 = x ; ?
According to clause 6.3.2.1 [ #1 ] , it means nothing , and this is not a C program .
The non -guarantee in this case is extremely strong .
The C compiler , upon encountering this locution , is allowed to abort and spontaneously erase all your files , and in doing so it is not violating the requirements of the standard , because the standard does not require any particular behavior in this case .
The memorable phrase that the comp.lang .c folks use is that using that construction might cause demons to fly out of your nose .
[ Addendum 20071030 : I am informed that I misread the standard here , and that the behavior of this particular line is not undefined , but requires a compiler diagnostic .
Perhaps a better example would have been x = *( char *)0 . ]
I mentioned this in passing in one of my recent articles about a C program I wrote : unsigned strinc ( char * s ) { char *p = strchr(s , ' \0 ' ) - 1 ; while ( p >= s && *p == ' A ' + colors - 1 ) *p-- = ' A ' ; if ( p < s ) return 0 ; ( * p ) ++ ; return 1 ; } Here the pointer p starts at the end of the string s , and the loop might stop when p points to the position just before s. Except no , that is forbidden , and the program might at that moment cause demons to fly out of your nose .
You are allowed to have a pointer that points to the position just after an object , but not one that points just before .
Well anyway , I seem to have digressed .
My point was that M. Gould says that one advantage of languages like Perl that are defined wholly by their ( one ) implementation is that you never have " undefined behavior " .
If you want to know what some locution does , you type it in and see what it does .
Poof , instant definition .
Although I think this is a sound point , it occurred to me that that is not entirely correct .
The manual is a specification of sorts , and even if the implementation does X in situation Y , the manual might say " The implementation does X in situation Y , but this is unsupported and may change without warning in the future . "
Then what you have is not so different from Y being undefined behavior .
Because the manual is ( presumably ) a statement of official policy from the maintainers , and , as a communiqué from the people with the ultimate authority to define the future meaning of the language , it has some of the same status that a formal specification would .
Perl : the static variable hack Such disclaimers do appear in the Perl documentation .
Probably the most significant example of this is the static variable hack .
For various implementation reasons , the locution my $ static if 0 has a strange and interesting effect : sub foo { my $ static = 42 if 0 ; print " static is now $ static
" ; $ static ++ ; } foo( ) for 1..5 ;
This makes $ static behave as a " static " variable , and persist from call to call of foo ( ) .
Without the ... if 0 , the code would print " static is now 42 " five times .
But with ... if 0 , it prints : static is now static is now 1 static is now 2 static is now 3 static is now 4
This was never an intentional feature .
It arose accidentally , and then people discovered it and started using it .
Since the behavior was the result of a strange quirk of the implementation , caused by the surprising interaction of several internal details , it was officially decided by the support group that this behavior would not be supported in future versions .
The manual was amended to say that this behavior was explicitly undefined , and might change in the future .
It can be used in one - off programs , but not in any important program , one that might have a long life and need to be run under several different versions of Perl .
Programs that use pointers that point outside the bounds of allocated storage in C are in a similar position .
It might work on today 's system , with today 's compiler , today , but you can't do that in any larger context .
Having the " undefined behavior " be determined by the manual , instead of by a language standard , has its drawbacks .
The language standard is fretted over by experts for months .
When the C standard says that behavior is undefined , it is because someone like Clive Feather or Doug Gwyn or P.J.
Plauger , someone who knows more about C than you ever will , knows that there is some machine somewhere on which the behavior is unsupported and unsupportable .
When the Perl manual says that some behavior is undefined , you might be hearing from the Perl equivalent of Doug Gwyn , someone like Nick Clark or Chip Salzenberg or Gurusamy Sarathy .
Or you might be hearing from a mere nervous - nellie who got their patch into the manual on a night when the release manager had stayed up too late .
Perl : modifying a hash in a loop
Here is an example of this that has bothered me for a long time .
One can use the each ( ) operator to loop lazily over the contents of a hash : while ( my $ key = each % hash ) { # do something with $ key and $ hash { $ key} } What happens if you modify the hash in the middle of the loop ?
For various implementation reasons , the manual forbids this .
For example , suppose the loop code adds a new key to the hash .
The hash might overflow as a result , and this would trigger a reorganization that would move everything around , destroying the ordering information .
The subsequent calls to each ( ) would continue from the same element of the hash , but in the new order , making it likely that the loop would visit some keys more than once , or some not at all .
So the prohibition in that case makes sense : The each ( ) operator normally guarantees to produce each key exactly once , and adding elements to a hash in the middle of the loop might cause that guarantee to be broken in an unpredictable way .
Moreover , there is no obvious way to fix this without potentially wrecking the performance of hashes .
But the manual also forbids deleting keys inside the loop , and there the issue does not come up , because in Perl , hashes are never reorganized as the result of a deletion .
The behavior is easily described : Deleting a key that has already been visited will not affect the each ( ) loop , and deleting one that has not yet been visited will just cause it to be skipped when the time comes .
Some people might find this general case confusing , I suppose .
But the following code also runs afoul of the " do not modify a hash inside of an each loop " prohibition , and I do n't think anyone would find it confusing : while ( my $ key = each % hash ) { delete $ hash { $ key} if is_bad ( $ hash{$key} ) ; }
Here we want to delete all the bad items from the hash .
We do this by scanning the hash and deleting the current item whenever it is bad .
Since each key is deleted only after it is scanned by each , we should expect this to visit every key in the hash , as indeed it does .
And this appears to be a useful thing to write .
The only alternative is to make two passes , constructing a list of bad keys on the first pass , and deleting them on the second pass .
The code would be more complicated and the time and memory performance would be much worse .
There is a potential implementation problem , though .
The way that each ( ) works is to take the current item and follow a " next " pointer from it to find the next item .
( I am omitting some unimportant details here . )
But if we have deleted the current item , the implementation cannot follow the " next " pointer .
So what happens ?
In fact , the implementation has always contained a bunch of code , written by Larry Wall , to ensure that deleting the current key will work properly , and that it will not spoil the each ( ) .
This is nontrivial .
When you delete an item , the delete ( ) operator looks to see if it is the current item of an each ( ) loop , and if so , it marks the item with a special flag instead of deleting it .
Later on , the next time each ( ) is invoked , it sees the flag and deletes the item after following the " next " pointer .
So the implementation takes some pains to make this work .
But someone came along later and forbade all modifications of a hash inside an each loop , throwing the baby out with the bathwater .
Larry and perl paid a price for this feature , in performance and memory and code size , and I think it was a feature well bought .
But then someone patched the manual and spoiled the value of the feature .
( Some years later , I patched the manual again to add an exception for this case .
Score ! )
Perl : modifying an array in a loop
Another example is the question of what happens when you modify an array inside a loop over the array , as with : @a = ( 1..3 ) ; for ( @a ) { print ; push @a , $ _ + 3 if $ _ % 2 == 1 ; } ( This prints 12346 . )
The internals are simple , and the semantics are well - defined by the implementation , and straightforward , but the manual has the heebie - jeebies about it , and most of the Perl community is extremely superstitious about this , claiming that it is " entirely unpredictable " .
I would like to support this with a quotation from the manual , but I can't find it in the enormous and disorganized mass that is the Perl documentation .
[ Addendum : Tom Boutell found it .
The perlsyn page says " If any part of LIST is an array , foreach will get very confused if you add or remove elements within the loop body , for example with splice .
So do n't do that . " ]
The behavior , for the record , is quite straightforward :
On the first iteration , the loop processes the first element in the array .
On the second iteration , the loop processes the second element in the array , whatever that element is at the time the second iteration starts , whether or not that was the second element before .
On the third iteration , the loop processes the third element in the array , whatever it is at that moment .
And so the loop continues , terminating the first time it is called upon to process an element that is past the end of the array .
We might imagine the following pseudocode : index = 0 ; while ( index < array.length ( ) ) { process element array [ index ] ; index += 1 ; } There is nothing subtle or difficult about this , and claims that the behavior is " entirely unpredictable " are probably superstitious confessions of ignorance and fear .
Let 's try to predict the " entirely unpredictable " behavior of the example above : @a = ( 1..3 ) ; for ( @a ) { print ; push @a , $ _ + 3 if $ _ % 2 == 1 ; } Initially the array contains ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) , and so the first iteration processes the first element , which is 1 .
This prints 1 , and , since 1 is odd , pushes 4 onto the end of the array .
The array now contains ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) , and the loop processes the second element , which is 2 . 2 is printed .
The loop then processes the third element , printing 3 and pushing 6 onto the end .
The array now contains ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 ) .
On the fourth iteration , the fourth element ( 4 ) is printed , and on the fifth iteration , the fifth element ( 6 ) is printed .
That is the last element , so the loop is finished .
What was so hard about that ?
Haskell : n+k patterns
My blog was recently inserted into the feed for planet .
haskell.org , and of course I immediately started my first streak of posting code - heavy articles about C and Perl .
This is distressing not just because the articles were off - topic for Planet Haskell — I would n't give the matter two thoughts if I were posting my usual mix of abstract math and stuff — but it 's so off - topic that it feels weird to see it sitting there on the front page of Planet Haskell .
So I thought I 'd make an effort to talk about Haskell , as a friendly attempt to promote good relations between tribes .
I 'm not sure what tribe I 'm in , actually , but what the heck .
I thought about Haskell a bit , and a Haskell example came to mind .
Here is a definition of the factorial function in Haskell : fact 0 = 1 fact n = n * fact ( n - 1 ) I do n't need to explain this to anyone , right ?
Okay , now here is another definition : fact 0 = 1 fact ( n+1 ) = ( n+1 ) * fact n Also fine , and indeed this is legal Haskell .
The pattern n+1 is allowed to match an integer that is at least 1 , say 7 , and doing so binds n to the value 6 .
This is by a rather peculiar special case in the specification of Haskell 's pattern - matcher .
( It is section 3.17.2 # 8 of Haskell 98 Language and Libraries : The Revised Report , should you want to look it up . )
This peculiar special case is known sometimes as a " successor pattern " but more often as an " n+k pattern " .
The spec explicitly deprecates this feature : Many people feel that n+k patterns should not be used .
These patterns may be removed or changed in future versions of Haskell .
( Page 33 . )
One wonders why they put it in at all , if they were going to go ahead and tell you not to use it .
The Haskell committee is usually smarter than this .
I have a vague recollection that there was an argument between people who wanted to use Haskell as a language for teaching undergraduate programming , and those who did n't care about that , and that this was the compromise result .
Like many compromises , it is inferior to both of the alternatives that it interpolates between .
Putting the feature in complicates the syntax and the semantics of the language , disrupts its conceptual purity , and bloats the spec —see the Perlesque yikkity - yak on pages 57 – 58 about how x + 1 = ... binds a meaning to + , but ( x + 1 ) = ... binds a meaning to x .
Such complication is worth while only if there is a corresponding payoff in terms of increased functionality and usability in the language .
In this case , the payoff is a feature that can only be used in one - off programs .
Serious programs must avoid it , since the patterns " may be removed or changed in future versions of Haskell " .
The Haskell committee purchased this feature at a certain cost , and it is debatable whether they got their money 's worth .
I 'm not sure which side of that issue I fall on .
But having purchased the feature , the committee then threw it in the garbage , squandering their sunk costs .
Oh well .
Not even the Haskell committee is perfect .
I think it might be worth pointing out that the version of the program with the n+k pattern is technically superior to the other version .
Given a negative integer argument , the first version recurses forever , possibly taking a long time to fail and perhaps taking out the rest of the system on which it is running .
But the n+k version fails immediately , because the n+1 pattern will only match an integer that is at least 1 . XML screws up The " nasal demons " of the C standard are a joke , but a serious one .
The C standard defines what C compilers must do when presented with C programs ; it does not define what they do when presented with other inputs , nor what other software does when presented with C programs .
The authors of C standard clearly understood the standard 's role in the world .
Earlier versions of the XML standard were less clear .
There was a particularly laughable clause in the first edition of the XML 1,0 standard : XML documents may , and should , begin with an XML declaration which specifies the version of XML being used .
For example , the following is a complete XML document , well - formed but not valid : <?xml version = " 1.0 " ?>
< greeting > Hello , world !</ greeting > ...
The version number " 1.0 " should be used to indicate conformance to this version of this specification ; it is an error for a document to use the value " 1.0 " if it does not conform to this version of this specification .
( Emphasis is mine . )
The XML 1.0 spec is just a document .
It has no power , except to declare that certain files are XML 1.0 and certain files are not .
A file that complies with the requirements of the spec is XML 1.0 ; all other files are not XML 1.0 .
But in the emphasized clause , the spec says that certain behavior " is an error " if it is exhibited by documents that do not conform to the spec .
That is , it is declaring certain non-XML - 1.0 documents " erroneous " .
But within the meaning of the spec , " erroneous " simply means that the documents are not XML 1.0 .
So the clause is completely redundant .
Documents that do not conform to the spec are erroneous by definition , whether or not they use the value " 1.0 " .
It 's as if the Catholic Church issued an edict forbidding all rabbis from wearing cassocks , on pain of excommunication .
I am happy to discover that this dumb error has been removed from the most recent edition of the XML 1.0 spec .
[ Other articles in category / prog / perl ] permanent link
A new report from the Government Accountability Office finds that the number of people on the government 's Terrorist Watch List has swelled to more than 750,000 .
That number has been growing by 200,000 per year since the list 's inception in 2003 .
Online discussions of the report have reflected a common misconception : the terrorist watch list is not the same as the no-fly list , which gets you banned from airplanes altogether , or the selectee list , which the TSA uses to decide who gets extra screening in the security line .
According to the GAO , the standards for adding someone to the no-fly and selectee lists are more stringent than the standards for adding individuals to the broader watch list , and as a result , those lists are much shorter than the full watch list .
The report does not give details on the size of these lists , but reports have pegged the lists at 44,000 and 75,000 people , respectively .
The report also found ongoing problems with people on the no-fly list being permitted to fly .
On international flights , passenger lists are reviewed twice , once before a plane takes off and a second time afterwards .
The GAO found that a number of individuals on the no-fly lists had been allowed to board airplanes , and their identities had only been caught during the second round of reviews .
Domestic flights , on the other hand , are not subject to a second review , making it impossible to know how many members of the no-fly list have managed to fly domestically .
An international watch list seems like a sensible precaution for reviewing visa and immigration requests .
Keeping terrorists out of the country is a worthwhile goal , and it makes sense for the government to keep a master list of individuals with documented links to terrorist activities .
However , the list would be more useful if it were a lot shorter .
It seems unlikely there are anywhere close to 750,000 people plotting terrorist acts around the world .
A list that large ensures a high false - positive rate , wastes law - enforcement resources , and ensures that border control officials will not take the watch list as seriously as they should when an actual terrorist shows up .
On the other hand , it 's difficult to see what purpose is served by a domestic no - fly list .
If government officials have concrete evidence that an American person is engaged in terrorist - related activities , then the government should be doing a lot more than putting that individual on a no - fly list .
They should be actively investigating the individual , tapping his phone , reading his email , monitoring his financial transactions , and generally gathering the evidence required to either clear his name , deport him , or arrest him .
If , on the other hand , the government does n't have enough evidence of terrorist ties to justify starting an investigation against an individual , then it 's unreasonable , not to mention a waste of law enforcement resources , to ban him from flying on airplanes or subject him to heightened scrutiny every time he goes to an airport .
The sheer number of people on the selectee list and the high rate of false positives may be one reason that screeners do a legendarily bad job finding simulated weapons in security tests .
The resources now spent on screening tens of thousands of selectees — most of whom turn out to be false positives — would be far better spent on additional FBI agents to do in - depth investigations of people with actual terrorist ties .
The GAO report makes a variety of recommendations for making the watch list process more effective , but they do not address the serious constitutional issues raised by the domestic use of such a list .
As we 've noted before , the legal protections normally available to individuals stopped by government officials for search and questioning are largely absent when dealing with the TSA and other parts of the anti-terrorism bureaucracy .
If you 're mistakenly placed on the terrorist watch list , there 's no easy way for you to even learn that you 've been placed on the list , to say nothing of getting yourself removed .
Instead , the GAO suggests that " additional screening opportunities remain untapped , " suggesting that the constitutional concerns will only get worse in the coming years .
Unfortunately , the TSA and other homeland security agencies spend a lot of time engaging in what Bruce Schneier calls security theater .
There 's little reason to think the ever - expanding no - fly list actually makes anyone safer , but its existence makes some travelers feel safer .
And that perception is all the TSA needs to justify continuing to harass the traveling public at taxpayer expense .
Every week , the Comics Page introduces you to brand - new graphic novels by the world ’s best artists and writers .
Manga , superheroes , indie comix — we ’ll cover them all as our editors select the best the exploding comics world has to offer .
A man leaves his home and family behind , journeying to a faraway land in search of a better life .
Through gorgeous , fantastical images , Shaun Tan ’s
The Arrival conveys what it means to be a stranger in a strange land .
Today on the Comics Page , we ’re proud to present an excerpt from The Arrival , a beautiful and strange graphic novel by Shaun Tan , out next week from Scholastic .
The Arrival , by Shaun Tan
What happens next ?
Read The Arrival , out next week from Scholastic .
A coroner has expressed concern after the body of a sixth man who is thought to have killed himself was found in the Staffordshire village of Gnosall .
Terry Ball , 35 , a carpenter , is believed to have hanged himself at his home in the village at the weekend .
He takes to six the number of suspected suicides in Gnosall , which has a population of only 4,000 , in the past year .
Ball lived with his wife in the same street as Peter Forrester , a lorry driver who committed suicide with an overdose seven months ago .
Detective Sergeant Chris
White of Staffordshire police said : " Officers attended a home on Audmore Road , Gnosall , at 8 am on Saturday November 24 .
" A 35 - year - old man , Terry Ball , was officially pronounced dead at the scene .
" It is not believed there are any suspicious circumstances surrounding the death . "
The six deaths are not thought to be linked and have been investigated separately .
Last December , Craig Parsons , 40 , a postman , was found hanged after leaving three suicide notes showing he was not coping .
Four months later , a 35 - year - old widower , Peter Forrester , died after overdosing on his deceased wife 's heart medication .
His brother , John , said of Gnosall , a rural settlement made up of small cobbled streets and Tudor cottages : " Some people say the place is cursed , but I do n't think so .
I 'm sure things will get better . "
A third resident , Nigel Buckley - Robins , 50 , died of an overdose of pethidine - a painkiller - and alcohol in April .
He had a history of violence brought on by alcohol abuse and battled depression .
The coroner said at the inquest : " Alcohol was his downfall and I am satisfied he intended to kill himself . "
The Staffordshire South coroner , Andrew Haigh , recorded a verdict of suicide in all three deaths .
Later this year , Jessica Littleton , 17 , was found hanged , and an open verdict recorded by the coroner .
In August , Ian Gould , 75 , was also found hanged .
He is said never to have recovered from the death of his wife .
The coroner has not yet recorded a verdict .
Haigh said : " I am concerned why there have been so many fatalities of this kind in such a small village . "
An official cause of death for Ball has not been established , the coroner 's office said .
One villager , Doreen Sheldrake , 63 , said the area needed spiritual leadership .
" We need someone who people with problems can talk to .
We 've not had a vicar for about two years but a new one is due to arrive shortly .
Hopefully he can provide some spiritual leadership . "
A special church service was convened three weeks ago to support people affected by the earlier deaths .
Jim McGregor , a warden , said : " We invited all the people in the village who had lost someone to attend .
As well as reading out their names a candle was lit , hymns were sung and prayers read out .
The deaths have been a shock to everyone . "
Beer -mats advertising the Samaritans helpline have been placed in the village 's pubs .
A new health centre was finished last year in Gnosall to provide services for the rapidly expanding population in the large village , located between Birmingham , Stoke - on - Trent and Telford in the Midlands .
The first reference to Gnosall , situated on the banks of the Shropshire union canal , is in the Domesday Book where it was called Geneshale .
Oversight committee to probe embassy construction in Baghdad Michael Roston
Published : Thursday July 5 , 2007 Print This Email
This Amid reports of escalating trouble in the construction of the new US Embassy in Baghdad , the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform announced that it would investigate the project to build what will be America 's largest overseas diplomatic post .
" The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will hold a hearing on construction delays and problems plaguing the U.S. Embassy construction project in Baghdad , a $ 592 million project , " said the release from the Oversight Committee sent to RAW STORY .
" The hearing will examine the performance , billing , and labor practices of government contractors , including the record of oversight of contractors by the United States government . "
The Committee , chaired by Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) , made its announcement on the tails of reports of major safety problems and significant delays in Thursday 's Washington Post , with particular attention to a base built to house the guards who will protect the sprawling embassy .
" The first signs of trouble , according to the cable , emerged when the kitchen staff tried to cook the inaugural meal in the new guard base on May 15 , " said the report from Glenn Kesler .
" Some appliances did not work .
Workers began to get electric shocks .
Then a burning smell enveloped the kitchen as the wiring began to melt . "
A government official told Kessler anonymously that the problems in the guard base would probably expand to the embassy itself .
" We are suspecting we will find the same issues in the new embassy , " the official said .
The contractor in charge of the project , First Kuwaiti General Trade and Contracting Co. , was reportedly faced a ' human trafficking ' investigation according to a Wall Street Journal report last month .
" The Department of Justice launched the probe of First Kuwaiti General Trading & Contracting Co. after former employees alleged that workers at the company were told they were being sent to Dubai , only to wind up in Iraq instead ...
First Kuwaiti confiscated the workers ' passports , so they were unable to depart Baghdad , these people said , " wrote Yochi J. Dreazen on June 7 .
But the Post 's Kessler reported that a manager of the construction project defended First Kuwaiti , and pinned the delays and problems on the US government and Kellog , Brown , and Root , a construction firm with links to Halliburton .
Prince Harry and a close friend have been interviewed by police after two rare and legally protected birds of prey were killed on the royal family 's Sandringham estate in Norfolk last week .
The prince is understood to have been out shooting on the estate last Wednesday evening , with a friend believed to be from the Van Cutsem family , when witnesses saw two hen harriers in flight being shot , an offence under wildlife protection legislation which carries a prison sentence of up to six months or a £ 5,000 fine .
Sources have told the Guardian that the prince and his friend were the only people known to be out shooting on the estate last Wednesday evening , and were quickly identified to Norfolk police by the Prince of Wales 's staff .
It is understood both men were interviewed in person , but have denied any involvement in the incident .
Last night a spokeswoman for Clarence House said : " Because Prince Harry and a friend were both in the area at the time , the police have been in contact with them , and asked them if they have any information that could help .
Unfortunately , they 've no knowledge of the alleged incident . "
No one in the Van Cutsem family could be reached for comment last night , and Norfolk police refused to discuss the investigation .
The deaths have alarmed conservationists .
Although widespread in other parts of the UK , hen harriers are rare in England , where there are estimated to be about 20 breeding pairs , compared with 500 pairs in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland .
The RSPB says the species is the most persecuted bird of prey ; it is one of only two - the other is the sea eagle - birds of prey on the UK's " red list " of most endangered species .
The deaths , close to Dersingham Bog nature reserve on the edge of Sandringham estate , were witnessed by a staff member of Natural England , the government 's conservation agency which runs the nature reserve , and two members of the public .
A spokesman for Natural England said last night : " We were shocked that two of the rarest birds of prey that we have in England had been shot . "
The eyewitnesses on the reserve " were watching the birds , saw them in the air , heard a shot and saw one of them fall and heard another shot and saw that one fall " .
An RSPB spokesman said last night that gamekeepers on country estates , particularly in areas known for grouse or pheasant shooting , were the most likely to see hen harriers as an " enemy " because they feed on game birds .
" We take any allegations of killing of hen harriers very seriously , particularly because it is one of only two birds of prey on the 'red list ' .
He added : " We regard persecution as a major threat , and whilst it 's still a police investigation , if the allegations are substantiated , it would be a serious matter . "
Sandringham is near the Hilborough country estate owned by Hugh van Cutsem , a friend of the Prince of Wales .
While Prince Charles is known for his strong stance on the environment , Mr van Cutsem , a godparent to both princes , is also a senior figure in the Game Conservancy Trust and is a council member of English Nature , Natural England 's predecessor .
Prince Harry and his elder brother , William , have been close friends with Mr van Cutsem 's sons , particularly Edward , who is in turn a godson of Prince Charles .
