Apple undefined said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing that it will give its chief executive , Tim Cook , stock currently valued at $ 114 million .
The biggest portion of the restricted stock is eligible for distribution on Oct. 1 , 2023 , and is based on Apple shareholder performance between fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2023 .
Cook also is due to receive further grants in April 2023 , April 2024 and April 2025 .
Apple stock ended Tuesday down 87 cents to $ 114.09 , but has surged 55 % this year .
Message iowaherkeye
beers 2703 º places 29 º 20:54 Fri 2/5/2010
1000 gallons in less than ten hours .
Crazy shit !
At least i got my 3 growlers .
Message Naven
beers 1000 º places 110 º 20:54 Fri 2/5/2010
Geez , anyone else remember when it would last weeks at the brewery ?
It ’s a new era .
Message joet
P admin beers 2887 º places 125 º 21:06 Fri 2/5/2010
Originally posted by Naven
Geez , anyone else remember when it would last weeks at the brewery ?
It ’s a new era .
I totally saw it coming .
I guess this means none for Occidental ?
I totally saw it coming .
I guess this means none for Occidental ?
Message iowaherkeye
beers 2703 º places 29 º 21:09 Fri 2/5/2010
Originally posted by joet
Originally posted by Naven
Geez , anyone else remember when it would last weeks at the brewery ?
It ’s a new era .
I totally saw it coming .
I guess this means none for Occidental ?
I ’m sure barley and hops will get some .
Its just done here at the brewpub , except for special occasions , I imagine .
1 day this year , 1 week last year , 2 weeks the year before , and I dunno the years before that I ’m sure barley and hops will get some .
Its just done here at the brewpub , except for special occasions , I imagine .
1 day this year , 1 week last year , 2 weeks the year before , and I dunno the years before that
Message joet
P admin beers 2887 º places 125 º 21:17 Fri 2/5/2010
Originally posted by iowaherkeye
Originally posted by joet
Originally posted by Naven
Geez , anyone else remember when it would last weeks at the brewery ?
It ’s a new era .
I totally saw it coming .
I guess this means none for Occidental ?
I ’m sure barley and hops will get some .
Its just done here at the brewpub , except for special occasions , I imagine .
1 day this year , 1 week last year , 2 weeks the year before , and I dunno the years before that
Expect Dark Lord
Day next year ?
Expect Dark Lord
Day next year ?
Message iowaherkeye
beers 2703 º places 29 º 21:30 Fri 2/5/2010
Originally posted by joet
Originally posted by iowaherkeye
Originally posted by joet
Originally posted by Naven
Geez , anyone else remember when it would last weeks at the brewery ?
It ’s a new era .
I totally saw it coming .
I guess this means none for Occidental ?
I ’m sure barley and hops will get some .
Its just done here at the brewpub , except for special occasions , I imagine .
1 day this year , 1 week last year , 2 weeks the year before , and I dunno the years before that
Expect Dark Lord
Day next year ?
Only if I can bring bottles to open .
Also not near enough room .
They should block off the back lot , then I ’d be happy .
Only if I can bring bottles to open .
Also not near enough room .
They should block off the back lot , then I ’d be happy .
Message DietPepsican
P beers 1592 º places 63 º 21:35 Fri 2/5/2010
Thats just ... dumb .
Is it safe to assume at least 1 / 2 of the growlers , maybe more , are getting traded away ?
I mean , at this point , just bottle it and have a special release day or release it more often .
If you can go through 30 barrels of beer in a day you might want to think about releasing it more than once a year as well .
Message iowaherkeye
beers 2703 º places 29 º 21:41 Fri 2/5/2010
Originally posted by pepsican
Thats just ... dumb .
Is it safe to assume at least 1 / 2 of the growlers , maybe more , are getting traded away ?
I mean , at this point , just bottle it and have a special release day or release it more often .
If you can go through 30 barrels of beer in a day you might want to think about releasing it more than once a year as well .
I ’m not trading any yet .
I thought all those pretrade threads were a little lame , because you never know what will happen .
Yes , just bottle the fuckers .
Hell , I ’m going to hand bottle a couple of them for Sarah and myself when we get home .
You want a bottle ?
I ’m not trading any yet .
I thought all those pretrade threads were a little lame , because you never know what will happen .
Yes , just bottle the fuckers .
Hell , I ’m going to hand bottle a couple of them for Sarah and myself when we get home .
You want a bottle ?
Advertisements
A state of panic and denial has gripped the Republican Party , as they now fear that the economy might recover , before they get the chance to exploit it for electoral gain .
A prime example of this is Rush Limbaugh , who on his radio show today , congratulated George W. Bush for any economic growth that will occur during the Obama administration .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ I ’d like to take a moment here during the discussion of the lost decade to congratulate George W. Bush for any and all economic growth that has or may occur during the Obama administration , not Obama .
How do I mean that ?
Very simple , if Bush is responsible for the downside of the economy , he deserves credit for any upside as well . ”
He continued , “ I want to thank President Bush for saving or creating between 1.6 and 2.4 million jobs as well , which he genuinely did , and took the unemployment rate down to 4.7 % , and it started skyrocketing up as soon as Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats took control of the House in 2007 . ”
Limbaugh is correct that during the Bush years , 1.6 - 2.4 million jobs were saved or created , the problem is that the nation lost a net 3 million jobs during his presidency .
As the Wall Street Journal pointed out , Bush ’s job creation numbers pale in comparison to the 23 million jobs created during the Clinton administration .
Bush had the worst record in job creation of any president since 1939 , yet here is Rush Limbaugh trying to sell the new GOP line that the Bush administration was the good old days .
In terms of unemployment , Limbaugh did n’t tell his listeners that the unemployment rate when Bush took office was 4.2 % .
The number was steadily rising during his presidency , and it can be argued that his economic policies added to the problem .
Republicans are absolutely terrified that the economy will continue to pick up steam and ruin their chances for a big electoral victory in November .
You can expect to hear the Rush Limbaugh used on his program today repeatedly in the run up to the elections later this year .
In terms of the economy , Bush will get no credit for the Obama recovery , because he does n’t deserve any .
Rush Limbaugh may lie , but the numbers do n’t .
The revised schedule for the Ruby 1.9.2 release has been announced today ( an earlier schedule targeted December 2009 for a release , but had to be delayed because of various RubySpec failures ) .
A few weeks back , Ruby 1.9.2 finally passed all RubySpec tests .
The new schedule now looks as follows :
31 Mar. freeze the spec
30 Apr. freeze the code
31 May . release 1.9.2 - preview2
30 Jun. release 1.9.2-rc
31 Jul . release 1.9.2-p0
The spec freeze that is due in two weeks will freeze the list of features that might get included in the release .
These features then need to be implemented before the code is frozen at April 30 , otherwise the feature will be excluded from the release .
After that , another month is spent on stabilizing the release , eventually resulting in the preview2 release .
The following release candidate will be delayed " as long as any bug tickets remain " .
If everything goes well , that is , if no new bug reports appear after 1.9.2 - p0 , the final release should be due in mid-August .
In a recent survey conducted by the Department of Pop Studies at Danny Wood University in Boston , parents of children 5 to 18 - years - old have dubbed Disney star Selena Gomez as the worst role model for their kids , beating out last year ’s worst role model Raven Symone Rebecca Stansfeld , a social media professor at Dwu , created the survey , which was published in the winter edition of the Like , Omg , Is That 4 Real ?
journal .
“ I ’d like to tell you we were surprised by the result , but we weren’t , ” says Stansfeld .
“ We knew that prude would win .
All we hear from parents was , like , ‘ Selena Gomez wears all these dresses , shirts and pants that cover her vajayjay up . ’
It was really off - putting to a lot of parents .
’Stansfeld and her research team sent a questionnaire to 846 parents .
Of those , 89 percent responded .*36 percent said that Selena Gomez needed more booty shorts * 10 percent
Opensecrets.org has remade its Revolving Door section .
Featuring a new opening page , we ’re highlighting some of our most intreguing information and data about government officials who ’ve become lobbyists — and vice versa .
Front and center is a “ featured revolver . ”
Here , we will provide a brief description of noteworthy people in our Revolving Door database .
Our first featured revolver is Mel Martinez , the former U.S. senator from Florida who recently joined the ranks of DLA Piper .
We ’re also displaying graphics revealing where many of the people in the Revolving Door have come from .
Our first graphic will show which members of Congress have contributed the most staff to the Revolving Door — other graphics , focusing on agencies and congressional committees , will follow in a rotating fashion .
You ’ll also notice a “ Revolving Door Factoid ” displayed underneath the opening page ’s search bar .
The factoid will highlight interesting facts about the Revolving Door and give readers ideas for how they may use our data .
And last , but certainly not least , the new Revolving Door section features a newly dedicated page to former congressmen now working in the private sector .
Just click on “ Former Members ” and you ’ll be able to track 314 former members of Congress and their places of employment .
Enjoy the new Revolving Door section , and as always , if you have any tips , suggestions or corrections for the Revolving Door , please email us at [ email protected ]
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
A bit ago , we posted a quick story about high levels of lead in children 's hockey sticks made by Nike / Bauer .
Today , Bauer announced that recall , and it includes upwards of 100,000 sticks sold .
Here is the information you will need :
Recalled sticks , from Bauer.com :
Bauer Junior & Youth Stick Stop Sell Affected Models – North America
Nike Bauer Supreme One90 Youth and Junior Stick ( sticks , shafts , and replacement
blades )
Nike Bauer Supreme One50 Junior Stick ( sticks , shafts and replacement blades )
Nike Bauer Supreme One40 Junior Stick
Nike Bauer Supreme One70 Junior Stick
Nike Bauer / Bauer Supreme One75 Junior Stick ( player and goalie sticks )
Nike Bauer / Bauer Vapor XX Junior Stick ( player and goalie sticks )
Nike Bauer Supreme LTX Junior Stick
Nike Bauer Apollo Junior Stick
Nike Quest Apollo Junior Blade
Nike Bauer Supreme Force Junior Stick
Nike Bauer Vapor XVI Junior Stick
Nike Bauer Vapor XXX Lite " Woody " Junior Stick
Nike Bauer Supreme Accel Junior Stick
Here the link to the pdf
And some video :
Check your kid's gear , pass this info on to anyone you know with kids in the game .
It sounds like all of the sticks were sold pre-2008 , but there would still be a ton of them out there .
If anyone you know has one of these sticks , we would love to hear from them , please ask them to contact myself or Nathan through the email links at the bottom .
- Buddha
COMPARISON OF GERMAN MACHINE GUNS
The following comparison and photographs of the German machine - gun model 34 , 34 ( modified ) , 34S , 34/41 and 42 are based on data received from the Aberdeen Proving Grounds .
The MG 34 is a familiar weapon , and model 42 has already been described in Tactical and Technical Trends no. 20 , p. 28 and no. 31 , p. 37 .
This report is of interest because of its comparison of the variations of model 34 and the excellence of the detail of the illustrations .
* * *
a. MG 34 Modified
The MG 34 ( modified ) is used principally in armored vehicle hull mounts and differs from the MG 34 in the following :
(1) Heavier barrel jacket adapted to fit in ball type hull mounts
(2) Absence of antiaircraft sight bracket
(3) Simplified and easily operated firing pin nut lock
(4) Bipod clamps for attaching bipod for emergency use .
This model can be mounted on the antiaircraft and heavy ground mounts .
b. MG 34S and 34/41
The MG 34S and MG 34/41 , are identical in appearance except for the perforated operating handle of the MG 34/41 ( see figure 2 ) but are named in this report separately only because a definite effort was made to make them as distinct models .
The reason for this is unknown .
One description will suffice for both weapons .
They differ from the MG 34 in the following :
(1) Provision for full automatic fire only instead of full or semiautomatic fire ;
(2) Simplified trigger group with extensive use of stampings ;
(3) Barrel 3 1/2 shorter with enlarged muzzle end to accelerate recoil ;
(4) Simplified bolt and bolt - locking sleeve eliminating many machining operations ;
(5) Elimination of firing pin lock nut and substitution of a simple , easily operated , plunger type , catch recessed in the bolt carrier ;
(6) Larger and stronger ejector assembly located in the left receiver wall ;
(7) Larger and stronger buffer group ;
(8) Heavier recoil spring constructed of two lengths of woven wire ;
(9) Addition of a cocking lever catch to secure cocking lever in the forward position ;
( 10 ) Modified feed mechanism providing a more secure trip on the cartridge .
Both models can be used on the antiaircraft mount and although they appear to have been designed for mounting on the heavy ground mount , the clamp , fitting over the rear end of the barrel jacket cannot be secured when the gun is in place .
A different trigger actuator is also required .
The MG 34 and the models described above may be mounted flexibly in tank hulls .
c. MG 42
The MG 42 is a new design but has the same tactical employment .
A few of the outstanding characteristics will be listed here .
The MG 42 differs from the MG 34 basically in the following :
(1) Extensive use of stampings in receiver , barrel jacket , cover assembly , and trigger group ;
(2) Provision for full automatic fire only ;
(3) Simplified bolt assembly allowing rollers to lock bolt to locking sleeve and eliminating locking lugs .
The bolt carrier is a forging ;
(4) Simplified buffer mechanism with a very heavy spring ;
(5) A new and simplified quick change barrel is provided ;
(6) A more flexible feed mechanism is provided making for smoother operation .
Bipod , antiaircraft and heavy ground mount are provided but these mounts are not interchangeable with those used with the MG 34 .
d. Tables of Weights and Measurements :
Allah , subhanahu wa ta’ala , has commanded the Muslim : “ Call men unto the path of your Lord by wisdom and goodly counsel .
Present the cause to them through argument yet more sound ” ( Qur’an 16 : 125 ) .
Da’wah is the fulfilment of this commandment “ to call men unto the path of Allah . ”
Besides , it is the effort by the Muslim to enable other men to share and benefit from the supreme vision , the religious truth , which he has appropriated .
In this respect it is rationally necessary , for truth wants to be known .
It exerts pressure on the knower to share his vision of it with his peers .
Since religious truth is not only theoretical , but also axiological and practical , the man of religion is doubly urged to take his discovery to other men .
His piety , his virtue and charity impose upon him the obligation to make common the good which has befallen him .
I. Da’wah Methodology
A. Da’wah is not coercive
“ Calling ” is certainly not coercing .
Allah ( s.w.t. ) has commanded “ No coercion in religion ( 2 : 256 ) . ”
It is an invitation whose objective can be fulfilled only with the free consent of the called .
Since the objective is an exercise by the called of his own judgement that Allah is his Creator , Master , Lord and Judge , a forced judgement is a contradictio in adjecto and hence punishable with jahannam .
Humanistic ethic regards coerced da’wah as a grave violation of the human person , second only to homicide , if not equal to it .
That is why the Holy Qur’an specified the means of persuasion to be used .
“ Argue the cause with them [ the non-Muslims ] with the more comely arguments ” ( 16 : 125 ) .
If they are not convinced , they must be left alone ( 5 : 108 ; 3 : 176-177 ; 47 : 32 ) .
Certainly , the Muslim is to try again and never give up that God may guide his fellow - man to the truth .
The example of his own life , his commitment to the values he professes , his engagement , constitue his final argument .
If the non-Muslim is still not convinced , the Muslim is to rest his case with God .
The Prophet himself allowed those Christians who were not convinced by his own presentation of Islam to keep their faith and return home in dignity .
From this it follows that the societal order desired by Islam is one where men are free to present and argue their religious causes with one another .
It is a kind of academic seminar on a large scale where he who knows better is free to tell and to convince , and the others are free to listen and be convinced .
Islam puts its trust in man ’s rational power to discriminate between the true and the false .
“ Truth is now manifest from error .
Whoever believes [ i.e. accepts the truth ] does so for his own good .
Whoever does not believe [ i.e. does not accept the truth ] does so to his own peril ” ( 39 : 41 ) .
Islamic da’wah is therefore an invitation to think , to debate and argue .
It can not be met with indifference except by the cynic , nor with rejection except by the fool or the malevolent .
If it is met by silencing force , then that force must be met by superior force .
The right to think is innate and belongs to all men .
No man may preemptively deny it to any human .
Islamic da’wah operates only under these principles .
Thomas Arnold ’s The Preaching of Islam is a standing monument to da’wah written by a Christian missionary and colonialist .
The principle that Islamic da’wah is non-coercive is based upon the Qur ’an ’s dramatization of the justification for the creation of man .
The Qur’an represents God as addressing the angels in Surat al - Baqarah , verse 30 , with the words : “ Lo !
I am about to place a khalifah ( vicegerent ) on earth .
The angels replied : Will
You place therein one who will do harm and will shed blood , while we sing Your praise and sanctify You ?
He said : Surely I know that which you know not . ”
In another verse of the Qur’an , Surat al - Ahzab , 72 , we read : “ Lo !
We offered Our trust to heaven and earth .
They shrank from bearing it and were afraid of it .
But man assumed it … ”
Both these statements are understood by Muslims as defining the purpose of man ’s existence , namely , that he is God ’s khalifah , carrier of the responsibility entrusted to him for the fulfillment of the divine will .
That will is already fulfilled in part , within nature as natural law , and not yet fulfilled in another part , by man as moral law .
This constitutes man ’s distinction from all other creatures .
Only he acts freely and thus enables himself to actualize the moral part of the divine will .
His essence is his capacity for responsible moral action .
Coercion is a violation of this freedom and responsibility , and is utterly inconsistent with man ’s relation to the divine will .
B. Da’wah is not a psychotropic induction
It follows from the nature of judgement that da’wah cannot have for objective anything but a conscientious acquiescence to its contents on the part of the called .
This means that if the consciousness of the called is in any way vitiated by any of the common defaults or defects of consciousness , the da’wah is itself equally vitiated .
Thus a da’wah that is fulfilled through , or whose fulfilment involves in any way , a lapse of consciousness , a lapse of forgetfulness , a lapse in ta’aqqul or the intellectual binding of ideas and facts so as to make a cohesive and consistent whole , or a transport of emotion and enthusiasm , a sort of “ trip ” , is not Islamic da ’wah .
Da’wah , therefore , is not the work of magic , of illusion , of excitement , of any kind of psychotropia .
In such work , the subject is not in control of his power of judgement , and hence , his judgement cannot be properly said to be his “ personal free judgement ” .
The presence of God , that is as Ultimate Reality , Creator and Lord of the Universe , Judge and Master of all men , is a fact which can indeed enter common consciousness .
Indeed , Islam holds that were consciousness to be tampered with , the object perceived would not be God , but something else .
Under the tremendous impact of revelation itself , the Prophet ’s consciousness neither lapsed nor became vague as in a mystical experience , but continued to function normally and was even enhanced in its clarity and perception .
That is why Islamic law does not recognize the conversion to Islam of the minor child ; for his consciousness is presumed immature until he comes of age .
The principle that da’wah has nothing to do with psychotropic induction preserves the freedom and consciousness of choice which cannot be affirmed in case of dilation of consciousness by chemical or mystifying means .
It protects the da’wah from being conducted for pleasure , happiness , freedom from care , eudaemonia — indeed , for anything but the sake of Allah .
Any ulterior motive would vitiate it in both the giver and the recipient .
On the other hand , unconscious conversion of any person who has been tricked into entering Islam is evil ; more evil , of course , is the trickster .
C. Da’wah is directed to Muslims as well as non-Muslims
It follows from the divine commandment that da’wah must be the end product of a critical process of intellection .
Its content cannot be the only content known , the only content presented .
For there is no judgement without consideration of alternatives , without comparison and contrast , without tests of inner consistency , of general consistency with all other knowledge , without tests of correspondence with reality .
It is this aspect of da’wah that earns for the called who responds affirmatively to its content the grace of Hikmah or wisdom .
Allah ( s.w.t. ) described
His prophets and saints as “ Men of Hikmah ” precisely because their Islam was a learned thing , not a narrow - minded addiction to a single track of thought , certainly not a “ pre-judgement ” .
That is why da’wah in Islam has never been thought of as exclusively addressed to the non-Muslims .
It is as much intended for the benefit of Muslims as of non-Muslims .
Besides stemming from the fact of all men ’s equal creatureliness in front of God , this universalism of da’wah rests on the identity of imperative arising out of conversion to Islam .
All men stand under the obligation to actualize the divine pattern in space and time .
This task is never complete for any individual .
The Muslim is supposedly the person who , having accepted the burden , has set himself on the road of actualization .
The non-Muslim still has to accept the charge .
Hence , da’wah is necessarily addressed to both , to the Muslim to press forward toward actualization and to the non-Muslim to join the ranks of those who make the pursuit of God ’s pattern supreme .
The directing of da’wah to Muslim as much as non-Muslims is indicative of the fact that , unlike Christianity , Islamicity is never a fait accompli .
Islamicity is a process .
It grows , and it is sometimes reduced .
There is no time at which the Muslim may carry his title to paradise , as it were , in his pocket .
Instead of “ salvation ” , the Muslim is to achieve felicity through unceasing effort .
D. Da’wah is rational intellection
Since da’wah is a critical process of intellection , it is of its nature never to be dogmatic , never to stand by its contents as if by its own authority , or that of its mouthpiece , or that of its tradition .
For it to be critical means that it should keep itself always open to new evidence , to new alternatives ; that it continually cast and recast itself in new forms , in cognizance of the new discoveries of human science , of the new needs of human situation .
In making the da’wah , the da’iyah labours not as the ambassador of an authoritarian system , but as the co-thinker who is co-operating with the mad’u ( the called ) in the understanding and appreciation of Allah ’s double revelation , in creation and through His Prophets .
So much for the standpoint of the da’iyah .
From the standpoint of the mad ’u , his process of intellection should never stop .
His man should be dynamic and always growing in intensity , clarity of vision and comprehensiveness .
Moreover , conversion to Islam is not a sacrament which , once it takes place , becomes an eternal fait accompli .
Islam knows of no “ justification by faith ” , certainly of no “ justification ” in the sense of justi facti .
If lethargic and stagnant , iman degenerates into narrow - mindedness and gradually impoverishes its subject .
On the other hand , its dynamism — its openness to new knowledge , new evidence and new life - situations , new data , problems , as well as creative solutions which may or may not be derived from the tradition — makes it a source of enrichment for the subject .
Fortunate is he whose iman increases in “ yaqin - ness ” ( certitude ) with every new day .
As rational intellection , da’wah shows that in Islam , faith has to do with knowledge and conviction , whereas in Christianity it is , as Pascal found out , a blind wager .
The Arabic word iman does not mean “ faith ” as Christians use the term .
Rather , it means “ conviction ” .
It does not involve the functioning of a sacrament .
There is no ex opere operata principle in Islam .
E. Da’wah is rationally necessary
Islamic da’wah is therefore the presentation of rational , i.e. critical , truth .
It is not the proclamation of an event , or even of a truth ( idea ) , but the presentation , for critical assessment as to truth value , of a proposition , a factum , which has theoretical ( metaphysical ) and practical ( ethical ) relevance for man .
As to the recalcitrant will , Islam recognized it for what it is , namely , recalcitrant and delinquent , and left the subject of that will to himself until God guides him to the truth .
It respected his will and his judgement and , indeed , it extended to him its protections and Pax Islamica .
But it asked him to respond equally with peace and not to interfere with his neighbor ’s right to listen and be convinced .
Moreover , the Muslim of history has always presented his case in the open , never entered or practiced his Islam in secret .
His da’wah preceded his entry onto any international or inter-religious scene .
In consequence , he interpreted the killing of the da’iyah , the silencing of his da’wah , as a hostile act , a rejection of the peaceful call to reason and argument , and not merely the opposition of a recalcitrant will .
That is also why , once his call is answered not with conversion but merely with “ yea , I will think ” , the Muslim of history has spared absolutely nothing in so presenting his argument as to make it convincing ; above all , by embodying it forth in its universalism , justice and brotherhood .
That da ’wah is rationally necessary is implied by the fact that in presenting its case , Islam presents it as natural or rational truth .
“ Rational ” here means “ critical ” .
Men differ in their use of reason but there would be no point to our dialogue unless we assume the truth to be knowable , that is , unless we believe it possible to arrive at principles which overarch our differences .
Therefore , the standpoint of Islam is not an “ act of faith ” , but one of “ conviction ” .
It is one of knowledge , of trust in the human power to know .
F. Da’wah is anamnesis
In commanding the Muslim to call men to the path of Allah , He ( s.w.t. ) did not ask him to call men to anything new , to something which is foreign or unknown to them .
Islam is din al - fitrah ( religio naturalis ) which is already present in its fullness in man by nature .
It is innate , as it were , a natural constituent of humanity .
The man who is not homo religiosus , and hence homo Islamicus , is not a man .
This is Allah ’s branding of His creation , namely , that He has endowed all men , as His creatures , with a sensus numinus , a fitrah , with which to recognize Him as Allah ( God ) , Transcendent Creator , Ultimate Master , and One .
It is history which confirms this natural faculty with its primeval perceptions and intellections , cultivates and enriches it or warps it and diverts it from its natural goal .
Da’wah is the call of man to return to himself , to what is innate in him , to “ objective ” or “ phenemenological ” ( i.e. with suspension of the indoctrinations and inculcations of history ) reexamination of facts which are already given , and so in him .
It is the nearest thing to Platonic anamnesis without the absurdity of reincarnation or transmigration of souls .
As such , the claims of da’wah are necessarily moderate , nay humble !
For the da’iyah is to do no more than the “ midwife ” , to stir the intellect of the mad’u to rediscover what he already knows , the innate knowledge which God has implanted in him at birth .
As anamnesis , da’wah is based upon the Islamic assertion that primeval religion or monotheism is found in every man ( din al - fitrah ) , and that all he needs is to be reminded of it .
The function of the prophets is to remind people of what is already in them .
Christianity has approached this position in the literature of the Apostolic Fathers and particularly in the Enlightenment .
But it receded from this position in the nineteenth century because western man was too deeply committed to his ethno - centrism to accept the universalism implied in that position .
Let us remember that Immanuel Kant , the prince of the Enlightenment , held that “ to be black is an argument ” , and categorized the world ’s races in order of ascendancy with the Europeans on top .
This was a failure of nerve on the part of Christendom .
G. Da’wah is ecumenical par excellence
Islam ’s discovery of din al - fitrah and its vision of it as base of all historical religion is a breakthrough of tremendous importance in inter-religious relations .
For the first time it has become possible to hold adherents of all other religions as equal members of a universal religious brotherhood .
All religious traditions are de jure , for they have all issued from and are based upon a common source , the religion of God which He has implanted equally in all men , upon din al - fitrah .
The problem is to find out how far the religious traditions agree with din al - fitrah , the original and first religion ; the problem is to trace the historical development of religions and determine precisely how and when and where each has followed and fulfilled , or transcended and deviated from , din al - fitrah .
Holy writ as well as all other religious texts must be examined in order to discover what change has befallen them , or been reflected in them , in history .
Islam ’s breakthrough is thus the first call to scholarship in religion , to critical analysis of religious texts , of the claim of such texts to revelation status .
It is the first call to the discipline of “ history of religions ” because it was the first to assume that all religions had a history , that each religion has undergone a development .
Islam does not claim for itself , therefore , the status of a novelty , but of a fact and dispensation at least as old as creation .
The religious life of man , with all its variety across the ages is rehabilitated under this view not as a series of vagaries , but as attempts at true religion .
Monotheism is said to be as old as creation .
Islamic da’wah begins by reaffirming this ultimate base as genuine and true .
It seeks to complete the critical task of sifting in the accumulated traditions the wheat from the chaff .
We are not impressed by the claim of latter - day ecumenists , advocates of inter-religious dialogue , toleration and co-existence , who assert the ultimacy of any religious system because it is religious .
For such a claim is the absolutization of every religion ’s propositions , which is nothing short of cultural relativism .
Indeed , such ecumenism is non-representative of the religions which claim that what they propose is the truth , and not merely a claim to the truth among many claims .
And it is rationally inconsequential because it counsels the juxtaposition in consciousness of contrary claims to the truth without the demand for a solution of their contradiction .
By avoiding all these pitfalls and shortcomings , Islamic da’wah is ecumenical , if ecumenicity is to have any meaning besides kitchen cooperation among the churches .
Da’wah is ecumenical par excellence because it regards any kind of intercourse between the Muslim and the non-Muslim as a domestic relationship between kin .
The Muslim comes to the non-Muslim and says “ we are one ; we are one family under Allah , and Allah has given you the truth not only inside yourself but inside your religious tradition which is de jure because its source is in God . ” .
The task of dialogue , or mission , is thus transformed into one of sifting the history of the religion in question .
Da’wah thus becomes an ecumenical cooperative critique of the other religion rather than its invasion by a new truth .
II . Da’wah Content
Islam ’s view of other faiths flows from the essence of its religious experience .
This essence is critically knowable .
It is not the subject of “ paradox ” , nor of “ continuing revelation ” , nor the object of construction or reconstruction by Muslims .
It is crystallized in the Holy Qur ’an for all men to read .
It is clearly comprehensible to the man of today as it was to that of Arabia of the Prophet ’s day ( 570 - 632 A.C. ) because the categories of grammar , lexicography , syntax and redaction of the Qur’anic text , and those of Arabic consciousness embedded in the Arabic language , have not changed through the centuries .
This phenomenon is indeed unique ; for Arabic is the only language which remained the same for nearly two millennia , the last fourteen centuries of which being certainly due to the Holy Qur’an .
For Muslims , this essence has been on every lip and in every mind , every hour of every day .
The essence of Islam is tawhid or the witnessing that there is no god but God.
Brief as it is , this witness packs into itself four principles which constitute the whole essence and ultimate foundation of the religion .
First , that there is no god but God means that reality is dual , consisting of a natural realm , the realm of creation , and a transcendent realm , the Creator .
This principle distinguishes Islam from trinitarian Christianity where the dualism of creator and creature is maintained but where it is combined with a divine immanentism in human nature in justification of the incarnation .
Tawhid requires that neither nature be apotheosized nor transcendent God be objectified , the two realities ever - remaining ontologically disparate .
Second , tawhid means that God is related to what is not God as its God , that is , as its creator or ultimate cause , its master or ultimate end .
Creator and creature , therefore , tawhid asserts , are relevant to each other regardless of their ontological disparateness which is not affected by the relation .
The transcendent Creator , being cause and final end of the natural creature , is the ultimate Master Whose will is the religious and moral imperative .
The divine will is commandment and law , the “ ought ” of all that is , knowable by the direct means of revelation , or the indirect means of rational and / or empirical analysis of what is .
Without a knowable content , the divine will would not be normative or imperative , and hence would not be the final end of the natural ; for if the transcendent Creator is not the final end of His own creature , creation must be not the purposive event consonant with divine nature but a meaningless happening to Him , a threat to His own ultimacy and transcendence .
Thirdly , tawhid means that man is capable of action , that creation is malleable or capable of receiving man ’s action , and that human action on malleable nature , resulting in a transformed creation , is the purpose of religion .
Contrary to the claims of other religions , nature is neither fallen or evil , nor a sort of Untergang of the absolute , nor is the absolute an apotheosis of it .
Both are real , and both are good — the Creator being the summum bonum and the creature being intrinsically good and potentially better as it is transformed by human action into the pattern the Creator has willed for it .
We have already seen that knowledge of the divine will is possible for man ; and through revelation and science such knowledge is actual .
The prerequisites of the transformation of creation into the likeness of the divine pattern are hence all , but for human resolve and execution , fulfilled and complete .
Fourthly , tawhid means that man , alone among all the creatures , is capable of action as well as free to act or not to act .
This freedom vests him with a distinguishing quality , namely responsibility .
It casts upon his action its moral character ; for the moral is precisely that which is done in freedom , i.e. , done by an agent who is capable of doing , as well as of not doing , it .
This kind of action , moral action , is the greater portion of the divine will .
Being alone capable of it , man is a higher creature , endowed with the cosmic significance of that through whose agency alone is the higher part of the divine will to be actualized in space and time .
Man ’s life on earth , therefore , is especially meaningful and cosmically significant .
As Allah has put it in the Holy Qur’an , man is God ’s khalifah , or vicegerent on earth .
It is of the nature of moral action that its fulfillment be not equivalent to its non-fulfillment , that man ’s exercise of his freedom in actualizing the divine imperative be not without difference .
Hence , another principle is necessary , whereby successful moral action would meet with happiness and its opposite with unhappiness .
Otherwise it would be all one for man whether he acts , or does not act , morally .
Indeed , this consideration makes judgement necessary , in which the total effect of one ’s lifetime activity is assessed and its contribution to the total value of the cosmos is acknowledged , imbalances in the individual ’s life are redressed and his achievement is distinguished from the non-achievement of others .
This is what “ The Day of Judgement ” and “ Paradise and Hell ” are meant to express in religious language .
Fifthly , tawhid means the commitment of man to enter into the nexus of nature and history , there to actualize the divine will .
It understands that will as pro-world and pro-life and hence , it mobilizes all human energies in the service of culture and civilization .
Indeed , it is of its essence to be a civilizing force .
In consequence , Islamic da’wah is not based upon a condemnation of the world .
It does not justify itself as a call to man to relieve himself from the predicament of an existence which it regards as suffering and misery .
Its urgency is not an assumed “ need for salvation ” or for compassion and deliverance from anything .
In this , as in the preceding aspects , Islamic da’wah differs from that of Christianity .
Assuming all men necessarily to be “ fallen ” , to stand in the predicament of “ original sin ” , of “ alienation from God ” , of self - contradiction , self - centeredness , or of “ falling short of the perfection of God ” , Christian mission seeks to ransom and save .
Islam holds man to be not in need of any salvation .
Instead of assuming him to be religiously and ethically fallen , Islamic da’wah acclaims him as the khalifah of Allah , perfect in form , and endowed with all that is necessary to fulfill the divine will indeed , even loaded with the grace of revelation !
“ Salvation ” is hence not in the vocabulary of Islam .
Falah , or the positive achievement in space and time of the divine will , is the Islamic counterpart of Christian “ deliverance ” and “ redemption ” .
The Islamic da’wah does not , therefore , call man to a phantasmagoric second or other kingdom which is an alternative to this one , but to assume his natural birthright , his place as the maker of history , as the remolder and refashioner of creation .
Equally , his joys and pleasures are all his to enjoy , his life to live and his will to exercise , since the content of the divine will is not “ not - of - this - world ” , but “ of it ” .
World - denial and life - abnegation , asceticism and monasticism , isolationism and individualism , subjectivism and relativism are not virtues in Islam but dalal ( misguidance ) .
Islam stands squarely within the Mesopotamian religious tradition where religion is civilization and civilization is religion .
Finally , tawhid restores to man a dignity which some religions have denied by their representation of him as “ fallen ” , as existentially miserable .
By calling him to exercise his God - given prerogatives , Islamic da’wah rehabilitates him and reestablishes his sanity , innocence and dignity .
His moral vocation is the road to his falah .
Certainly the Muslim is called to a new theocentrism ; but it is one in which man ’s cosmic dignity is applauded by Allah and His Angels .
Christianity calls man to respond with faith to the salvific act of God and seeks to rehabilitate man by convincing him that it is he for whom God has shed His own blood .
Man , it asserts , is certainly great because he is God ’s partner whom God would not allow to destroy himself .
This is indeed greatness , but it is the greatness of a helpless puppet .
Islam understands itself as man ’s assumption of his cosmic role as the one for whose sake creation was created .
He is its innocent , perfect and moral master ; and every part of it is his to have and to enjoy .
He is called to obey , i.e. to fulfill the will of Allah .
But this fulfillment is in and of space and time precisely because Allah is the source of space and time and the moral law .
Man , as Islam defines him , is not an object of salvation , but its subject .
Through his agency alone the moral part , which is the higher part of the will of God , enters , and is fulfilled in , creation .
In a sense , therefore , man is God ’s partner , but a partner worthy of God because he is trustworthy as His khalifa , not because he is pitifully helpless and needs to be “ saved ” .
Published in the International Review of Mission , Vol. LXV , No. 260 ( October 1976 ) , pp. 391-406
Remember the Cerberus Network from Mass Effect 2 ?
It 's baaaa - aaaack !
When you pick up your brand new copy of Bad Company 2 it will come with a one - time - use code that will give you access to new content , free of charge .
If you buy the game used , you 'll be able to unlock the content for $ 15 .
Here 's a video preview of the maps in question .
The code will , in fact , give you some day - one content .
" This map pack features the Laguna Alta map playable in Conquest mode and Nelson Bay map playable in Rush mode , bringing the total number of multiplayer maps up to 10 , " EA announced .
" Later in March , DICE will release yet another map pack at no extra charge , giving players a chance to experience the Africa Harbor map in Conquest mode and Laguna Presa map in Rush mode .
Available in the box , the content packs are unlocked by simply inputting a VIP code . "
Did you catch that last bit ?
The content comes in the box .
You 're not getting new content , you 're simply unlocking maps that shipped with the game .
While DICE and EA promise more content coming to the game , most likely to be both free and for - pay depending on the content , the very first map pack seems to exist mostly to give the middle finger to used game retailers .
Manga collector Christopher Handley was sentenced to 6 months in prison last Thursday , after importing lolicon and yaoi manga from Japan that the federal government deemed obscene and prosecuted under the PROTECT
Act of 2003 , which states that any obscene illustrations , sculptures , computer - generated pictures or other imagery that depicts minors in sexual situations will be treated no differently from actual video recordings of child sexual abuse .
Handley plead guilty to the charges of " possession of obscene visual representations of the sexual abuse of children " as part of a plea deal with the government ; he could have faced as many as 15 years in prison without it .
The most important difference between child pornography and drawings , of course , is that making child porn involves the abuse of real children , while drawings are not people and so creating them involves no abuse .
Real people also have actual ages , whereas drawings do not , and thus the difference between an adult and a child -- which is as simple as determining someone 's birthday in the real world -- becomes a very subjective matter .
The issue is particularly complicated when it comes to manga , where the stylistic conventions of the art result in even adult characters looking significantly " younger , " particularly given Japanese restrictions on depicting pubic hair .
Both the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund and writer Neil Gaiman have spoken out in support of Handley , with Gaiman saying after the arrest that " they found his manga , and found some objectionable panels ...
He 's been arrested for having some drawings of rude things in manga .
I 'm sorry , but if you went through my comic collection , you could arrest me if you 're going to start doing that .
It 's just wrong , " adding further that " nobody was hurt .
The only thing that was hurt were ideas .
" It 's worth noting that the vast majority of Handley 's manga collection was not pornography , and while some of his reading choices may make some people uncomfortable , I 'm way more uncomfortable with the idea of someone going to prison for looking at pictures of imaginary people drawn on a page -- for the crime of collecting fiction whose pictures and ideas are deemed offensive .
As any number of comic book controversies throughout the nation have taught us , there 's always going to be someone somewhere who thinks the books and comics you love are obscene , depraved , and should be set on fire .
So be careful , comic book fans -- or fans of any form of art , really .
If the government determines that a work in your collection features an imaginary character that they do n't think looks 18 in a sexual situation , and decide it " appeals to the prurient interest " and " lacks serious literary value , " you too could be facing the same felony charges as someone with a computer full of child porn .
This story is from February 18 , 2010
CIA behind too many cricket matches !
ERR -RTF
There is , I think , an amazing political fact right now that is hiding in plain sight and is rich with implications .
It was there in President Obama 's Jan. 25 , pre-State of the Union interview with ABC's Diane Sawyer , who was pressing him about his political predicaments .
" I 'd rather be a really good one - term president than a mediocre two - term president , " he said .
" And I — and I believe that . "
Now this is the sort of thing presidents say , and often believe they believe , but at the end of the day they all want two terms .
Except ...
By Margaret Ryan
BBC News
When children become teenagers their sleep patterns change A school that has allowed its pupils to start the day an hour later says it has seen absenteeism decline .
At Monkseaton High School , in North Tyneside , 800 pupils aged 13 - 19 have started lessons at 10 am since October .
Early results indicates that general absence has dropped by 8 % and persistent absenteeism by 27 % .
Head teacher Paul Kelley said that changing the school day could help towards creating " happier , better educated teenagers " .
Mr Kelley said it was now medically established that it was better for teenagers to start their school day later in terms of their mental and physical health and how they learn better in the afternoon .
We can help them be less stressed by simply changing the time of the school day
Paul Kelley
" It is a question of do schools fit the medical reality of teenagers ? " he said .
The experiment of starting the school an hour later is being overseen by scientists , including an Oxford neuroscience professor Russell Foster .
He performed memory tests on pupils at the school which suggested the more difficult lessons should take place in the afternoon .
He said young people 's body clocks may shift as they reach their teenage years - meaning they want to get up later not because they are lazy but because they are biologically programmed to do .
Prof Till Roenneberg , who is an expert on studying sleep , said it was " nonsense " to start the school day early .
He said : " It is about the way our biological clock settles into light and dark cycles .
This clearly becomes later and later in adolescence . "
Prof Roenneberg said if teenagers are woken up too early they miss out on the most essential part of their sleep .
" Sleep is essential to consolidate what you learn , " he said .
Exam results
Mr Kelley said GCSE results from his school in January and February also seemed " hopeful " but it was too soon to say for definite whether changing the school hours had affected grades .
The final results of the study at the school are due to be published in an academic journal , probably next year .
Mr Kelley said : " We can help them learn better .
We can help them be less stressed by simply changing the time of the school day . "
He said that this in turn could change ideas about young people in general .
" This is one of the things society has imposed on teens because it feels right for us [ adults ] , " he said .
But now we know the implications of this situation , he said : " We can change provision for teenagers and we are going to have happier , better educated teenagers . "
He said starting the school day later had not caused any particular problems as the school is still open 8 am - 5 pm , with lessons running 10 am - 3.40 pm .
The school will decide before the next timetable is finalised whether or not to continue with the later start .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BRUSSELS — Pressure is growing for the European Union to develop a system for handling the failure of large cross - border banks , but the complexity of the issues involved and divergent national opinions on the details pose big challenges .
These differences could delay the creation of a system to contain the fall - out from the collapse of a large bank like Lehman Brothers , which went bust in mid-September 2008 , sharply worsening the financial crisis .
The ...
Aw , why do n't these CEOs say stuff like this in press conferences ?
Sony Ericsson 's head Bert Nordberg has shared with Swedish publication Sydsvenskan the rather salacious news that his company was asked to build the so - called Google phone before HTC ... and it turned down the opportunity .
Fearing brand dilution or something equally crazy , Nordberg states that Sony Ericsson is committed to building only its own - branded hardware and will not be a subcontractor to anyone .
Haughty words from a company whose own Android device is still a good couple of months away from hipsters ' pockets , but we 're sure Bert knows best .
After all , it 's not like HTC got a ton of positive press and brand awareness out of its partnership with Google , and it 's exceptionally clear that SE does n't need a dime of additional revenue .
Oh , wait [ Thanks , Michael N ]
Brian Moyer , director of Rural Vermont , a nonprofit farm advocacy group , uses the image of an hourglass .
“ At the top of the hourglass we ’ve got the farmers , ” he said , “ the bottom part is consumers and in the middle , what ’s straining those grains of sand , is the infrastructure that ’s lacking . ”
Vermont , a locavore ’s paradise , is seeing increased demand for the facilities from both small - scale meat producers and dairy farmers , who are facing some of the lowest milk prices in years and are trying to diversify with beef cattle .
“ People are trying to figure out how to get a little more money out of their herds , ” said Randy Quenneville , program chief for the Vermont meat inspection service .
“ And with the interest in stuff being local , wanting to know where their food is coming from and how it was raised , there are more people looking to do this . ”
The state has seven operating slaughterhouses , down from around 25 in the mid-1980s , Mr. Quenneville said .
One is a state - inspected facility , meaning that meat inspected there cannot be sold over state lines .
Two slaughterhouses recently closed , one destroyed by a fire and the other shuttered because of animal cruelty charges .
The closed facility is expected to reopen soon .
Mr. Quenneville said a number of small , family - owned slaughterhouses started closing when strict federal rules regarding health control went into effect in 1999 .
Large corporations like Cargill also began to take over much of the nation ’s meat market .
Straight from your mind to your iOS device : Bamboo Sketch is a fine tip stylus for natural sketching and drawing on both an iPad and iPhone .
Just connect via Bluetooth® , pair with your favorite Wacom compatible app and go .
Get the biggest stories sent straight to your inbox Sign up for regular updates and breaking news from WalesOnline Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
WHEN Jimmy Riley underwent surgery for a rare form of cancer , he was told that he would never be able to speak again .
Instead he was advised to learn how to use an electronic voice box or sign language .
But the 49 - year - old former scaffolder , who lives in Pembrokeshire , has painstakingly taught himself how to speak again .
The keen biker was diagnosed with a rare type of head and neck cancer in April 2007 and underwent a laryngectomy , which removed his voice box and wind pipe .
The surgery was followed by a four - week course of radiotherapy .
Jimmy , who lives in Neyland , was unable to eat for two months after the surgery and used a feeding tube during this time .
He was also left with a permanent stoma in his neck , which he breathes through .
“ It was hard , ” he said .
“ I ’m dyslexic so I rely on my voice more than others .
When people suggested I wrote down what I needed to say it was hard for me .
“ I became frustrated with the electronic voice box as there was no expression and so I decided that I would learn to talk again .
“ My speech therapist said I would have to work at it , so I did .
I used to shout at things and make noises and then find out how to make them into words .
“ After about three months I was able to speak after a fashion . ”
Just as Jimmy was beginning to get his life back on track , doctors discovered another tumour in his neck in April 2008 and he underwent further surgery .
“ After the first diagnosis I had stopped smoking and drinking and was living healthily and just getting on with my life , ” he said .
“ But after the second tumour I really thought I was going to die .
That was when the depression kicked in and I started drinking heavily .
“ Then the Macmillan nurse came to see me and asked me what I liked doing .
“ I told her that I had always loved biking but that was out of the question now following my laryngectomy .
“ But she then showed me the equipment that I could use while riding my bike .
Biking helped me get my life back .
“ My bike is also my legs – I ca n’t walk too far as I end up coughing and getting out of breath and so being able to use my bike to get out and about is fantastic .
“ I also go on bike runs now and it ’s good to get out and meet people .
“ The Macmillan nurses got me back in the saddle again .
It ’s good to know that they are there for you after you get out of hospital and that you are not alone . ”
Macmillan Cancer Support is today urging men to talk about cancer at the start of this year ’s Cancertalk week .
The charity is specifically targeting men because it said they are often reluctant to ask for help , even though men are 40 % more likely to die from cancer than women .
More than 9,000 men are diagnosed with cancer in Wales every year .
A survey for the charity found that one in three men would rather walk down the street naked or get their chest waxed than ask for help .
And it also found that 30 % were prepared to miss out on their favourite football game if it meant they did n’t have to speak out .
Cath Lindley , general manager for Macmillan Cancer Support in Wales , said : “ Macmillan has decided to target men because shockingly men are 40 % more likely to die from cancer than women and are 16 % more likely to develop it in the first place .
“ Despite making up half the population , men can often be overlooked when talking about cancer .
“ We want men to know that there is a wealth of help out there for them , whether they are directly affected by cancer or are caring for someone . ”
The campaign is being supported by actor Ray Winstone , who said : “ Men sometimes leave the talking to women when it comes to health concerns so it ’s great that Macmillan is encouraging us men to get support .
“ Cancer is really hard on the whole family , and being able to talk to someone who knows what they ’re talking about , and can tell us what ’s what , is brilliant . ”
As part of the campaign Winstone and nine other celebrities have spoken about their most regrettable moments in a viral video produced as part of Cancertalk week .
Macmillan Cancer Support can be contacted on 0808 808 00 00 or via www.macmillan.
org.uk
This past Sunday , Kage Baker lost her year - long battle with cancer .
We science - fiction readers have lost a brilliant author and a dear friend .
Advertisement
Ms. Baker will be long remembered for her Company series : a wonderful collection of eleven novels , two novellas and scads of short stories that began with In the Garden of Iden in 1997 .
These relate the exploits of immortal cyborgs , plundering history for greedy corporate masters in the 24th century .
I cannot do justice to this highly entertaining and satisfying body of work in this short post , but rest assured , I will be presenting a more in - depth overview of the Company and its tales of time - traveling adventure , humor , conspiracy , romance and chocolate in the very near future .
Advertisement
Until then , here are my previous reviews of Empress of Mars and two shorter pieces .
I also mentioned her last Company - related novel Not Less than Gods in my rant about Steampunk .
The latter will coming out from Tor in March with this spiffy new cover .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I met Kage Baker twice , and only in the capacity of Gushing Fanboy .
She was extremely gracious and funny , we spoke on such topics as the space program , the Breton language , theater , dopey neo-pagans and of course History .
This woman lived and breathed history — she , with her close community of loving friends , was a re-enactor at Renaissance and Dickens '
Fairs for many years , dedicated to getting the look and feel of those periods just right .
She taught classes in Elizabethan English as a Second Language .
She spoke to me about her misgivings with " authentic " Wiccan ceremonies at Ren Faires and the silliness of Steampunkers .
In her writing as in person , her biting wit was always razor - sharp but never unduly vicious .
The foibles of the self - righteous , the arrogant , or just plain addle - pated were a never - ending feast for her satirical skills .
Advertisement
For a more knowledgeable and intimate tribute to Kage Baker , please read this post by her friend and editor Marty Halpern .
Advertisement
I wanted to write this earlier , in hopes that Kage would know of my deep affection for her writing before she left us .
But it 's difficult writing something while so emotionally torn up about the subject and well — I totally blew it .
In her introduction to the very first Company tale " Noble Mold " , Kage reveals that she first told the story to her own mother who was on her deathbed .
Reading it now is especially poignant .
That story can be found in the Highly Recommended collection Black Projects , White Knights .
Go get it .
Right now .
None of us is an immortal cyborg .
We all die , usually a lot sooner than we 'd wish .
There is however , the chance that some of us — by our works , the lives we 've touched , the friends we 've made — will continue on through History to be remembered and continue to inspire others .
Kage Baker has achieved that goal .
Advertisement
This still sucks .
Commenter Grey_Area was known to Kage Baker as Chris Hsiang .
He is consuming massive amounts of chocolate , it 's not helping .
Top image by Coy Underwood
Police operating motorist sobriety checkpoints in California are impounding cars of unlicensed drivers at a far higher rate than they ’re arresting drunks behind the wheel , says a new report by Ryan Gabrielson of the Investigative Reporting Program at the University of California at Berkeley .
The report says most vehicles seized belong to minority motorists , many of them undocumented immigrants , and details the resulting hardships for people often living on the economic edge .
The report also found that last year , impounding at checkpoints , under a 15 - year - old law letting police keep an unlicensed driver ’s car for 30 days , generated $ 40 million in towing fees and police fines .
Only California permits such seizures .
By contrast , drunk drivers can usually get their vehicles back the next day .
Writing on www.californiawatch.org, Gabrielson said law enforcement officials assert that demographics do n’t influence checkpoint locations , and his investigation did n’t find evidence the checkpoints intentionally targeted Latino neighborhoods .
Officers do n’t ask drivers ’ residency status , nor do they report to immigration authorities unlicensed drivers they think might be undocumented .
Nonetheless , the report found over 60 percent of the state ’s 3,200 roadblocks in the last two years were in places with at least 31 percent Latino population , while only 17 percent of checkpoints were in areas with less than 18 percent Latinos .
State traffic statistics and U.S. Census data also show police impound the most cars per checkpoint in cities with majority Latino population .
The report also found vehicle seizures way out of proportion to drunk driving arrests .
In the Los Angeles suburb of South Gate , population 92 percent Latino , for example , police averaged 96 impounds per checkpoint but just over four drunk - driving arrests .
Despite a state Attorney General ’s Office opinion that the right to seize vehicles of unlicensed drivers is unclear under law , state officials call 2010 “ the year of the checkpoint , ” with some 2,500 actions scheduled throughout the state .
A 2005 decision by the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals holds that taking a car solely because the driver is unlicensed is “ unreasonable seizure ” under the U.S. Constitution ’s Fourth Amendment .
Owners of impounded vehicles who reclaim them after the 30 - day period typically pay between $ 1,000 and $ 4,000 in towing and storage charges , and fines .
Many drivers simply abandon the vehicles , which are then auctioned off .
Speaking during the PBS NewsHour Feb. 15 , California Senator Gilbert Cedillo , D - Los Angeles , charged that the impounding of vehicles of unlicensed California drivers is both “ illegal and unconstitutional . ”
Cedillo said the practice aims to raise revenue for cash - strapped cities .
Click here for more information .
The NewsHour program and Gabrielson ’s report both cited the huge impact vehicle seizures have on the undocumented workers .
One worker told the NewsHour his car is essential to get to his job .
After his was taken , he abandoned it and bought another .
“ I know , if they stop me , I will lose my car again .
But if I lose it , I will buy another , because I need one . ”
Earlier this month Cedillo told the Spanish - language news agency EFE , “ It ’s inhumane for the police to take the cars from the workers because they do n’t have a license and they leave all the things they carry inside the vehicles thrown onto the sidewalk . ”
He said the solution is to let undocumented immigrants have drivers ’ licenses , as was the case until 1993 , when Republican Governor Pete Wilson signed into law a measure barring such licenses .
Cedillo has proposed legislation to provide drivers licenses to the undocumented , consistent with the federal Real ID Act , only to have Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger veto it twice .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/versageek/
/ CC BY -SA 2.0
The story of Mel ⇝
The story of Mel , a Real Programmer
< programming , person >
A 1983 article by Ed Nather about hacker Mel Kaye .
The full text follows .
A recent article devoted to the macho side of programming made the bald and unvarnished statement , " Real Programmers write in FORTRAN " .
Maybe they do now , in this decadent era of Lite beer , hand calculators and " user - friendly " software but back in the Good Old Days , when the term " software " sounded funny and Real Computers were made out of drums and vacuum tubes , Real Programmers wrote in machine code - not Fortran , not RATFOR , not even assembly language Machine Code , raw , unadorned , inscrutable hexadecimal numbers , directly .
Lest a whole new generation of programmers grow up in ignorance of this glorious past , I feel duty - bound to describe , as best I can through the generation gap , how a Real Programmer wrote code .
I 'll call him Mel , because that was his name .
I first met Mel when I went to work for Royal McBee Computer Corporation , a now - defunct subsidiary of the typewriter company .
The firm manufactured the LGP - 30 , a small , cheap ( by the standards of the day ) drum - memory computer , and had just started to manufacture the RPC - 4000 , a much - improved , bigger , better , faster -- drum - memory computer .
Cores cost too much , and were n't here to stay , anyway .
( That 's why you have n't heard of the company , or the computer . )
I had been hired to write a Fortran compiler for this new marvel and Mel was my guide to its wonders .
Mel did n't approve of compilers .
" If a program ca n't rewrite its own code , " he asked , " what good is it ? "
Mel had written , in hexadecimal , the most popular computer program the company owned .
It ran on the LGP - 30 and played blackjack with potential customers at computer shows .
Its effect was always dramatic .
The LGP - 30 booth was packed at every show , and the IBM salesmen stood around talking to each other .
Whether or not this actually sold computers was a question we never discussed .
Mel 's job was to re-write the blackjack program for the RPC - 4000 .
( Port ?
What does that mean ? )
The new computer had a one - plus - one addressing scheme , in which each machine instruction , in addition to the operation code and the address of the needed operand , had a second address that indicated where , on the revolving drum , the next instruction was located .
In modern parlance , every single instruction was followed by a GO TO !
Put * that * in Pascal 's pipe and smoke it .
Mel loved the RPC - 4000 because he could optimize his code : that is , locate instructions on the drum so that just as one finished its job , the next would be just arriving at the " read head " and available for immediate execution .
There was a program to do that job , an " optimizing assembler " , but Mel refused to use it .
" You never know where its going to put things " , he explained , " so you 'd have to use separate constants " .
It was a long time before I understood that remark .
Since Mel knew the numerical value of every operation code , and assigned his own drum addresses , every instruction he wrote could also be considered a numerical constant .
He could pick up an earlier " add " instruction , say , and multiply by it , if it had the right numeric value .
His code was not easy for someone else to modify .
I compared Mel 's hand - optimised programs with the same code massaged by the optimizing assembler program , and Mel 's always ran faster .
That was because the " top - down " method of program design had n't been invented yet , and Mel would n't have used it anyway .
He wrote the innermost parts of his program loops first , so they would get first choice of the optimum address locations on the drum .
The optimizing assembler was n't smart enough to do it that way .
Mel never wrote time - delay loops , either , even when the balky Flexowriter required a delay between output characters to work right .
He just located instructions on the drum so each successive one was just * past * the read head when it was needed ; the drum had to execute another complete revolution to find the next instruction .
He coined an unforgettable term for this procedure .
Although " optimum " is an absolute term , like " unique " , it became common verbal practice to make it relative : " not quite optimum " or " less optimum " or " not very optimum " .
Mel called the maximum time - delay locations the " most pessimum " .
After he finished the blackjack program and got it to run , ( " Even the initialiser is optimised " , he said proudly ) he got a Change Request from the sales department .
The program used an elegant ( optimised ) random number generator to shuffle the " cards " and deal from the " deck " , and some of the salesmen felt it was too fair , since sometimes the customers lost .
They wanted Mel to modify the program so , at the setting of a sense switch on the console , they could change the odds and let the customer win .
Mel balked .
He felt this was patently dishonest , which it was , and that it impinged on his personal integrity as a programmer , which it did , so he refused to do it .
The Head Salesman talked to Mel , as did the Big Boss and , at the boss 's urging , a few Fellow Programmers .
Mel finally gave in and wrote the code , but he got the test backward , and , when the sense switch was turned on , the program would cheat , winning every time .
Mel was delighted with this , claiming his subconscious was uncontrollably ethical , and adamantly refused to fix it .
After Mel had left the company for greener pa$ture$ , the Big Boss asked me to look at the code and see if I could find the test and reverse it .
Somewhat reluctantly , I agreed to look .
Tracking Mel 's code was a real adventure .
I have often felt that programming is an art form , whose real value can only be appreciated by another versed in the same arcane art ; there are lovely gems and brilliant coups hidden from human view and admiration , sometimes forever , by the very nature of the process .
You can learn a lot about an individual just by reading through his code , even in hexadecimal .
Mel was , I think , an unsung genius .
Perhaps my greatest shock came when I found an innocent loop that had no test in it .
No test .
* None * .
Common sense said it had to be a closed loop , where the program would circle , forever , endlessly .
Program control passed right through it , however , and safely out the other side .
It took me two weeks to figure it out .
The RPC - 4000 computer had a really modern facility called an index register .
It allowed the programmer to write a program loop that used an indexed instruction inside ; each time through , the number in the index register was added to the address of that instruction , so it would refer to the next datum in a series .
He had only to increment the index register each time through .
Mel never used it .
Instead , he would pull the instruction into a machine register , add one to its address , and store it back .
He would then execute the modified instruction right from the register .
The loop was written so this additional execution time was taken into account -- just as this instruction finished , the next one was right under the drum 's read head , ready to go .
But the loop had no test in it .
The vital clue came when I noticed the index register bit , the bit that lay between the address and the operation code in the instruction word , was turned on -- yet Mel never used the index register , leaving it zero all the time .
When the light went on it nearly blinded me .
He had located the data he was working on near the top of memory -- the largest locations the instructions could address -- so , after the last datum was handled , incrementing the instruction address would make it overflow .
The carry would add one to the operation code , changing it to the next one in the instruction set : a jump instruction .
Sure enough , the next program instruction was in address location zero , and the program went happily on its way .
I have n't kept in touch with Mel , so I do n't know if he ever gave in to the flood of change that has washed over programming techniques since those long - gone days .
I like to think he did n't .
In any event , I was impressed enough that I quit looking for the offending test , telling the Big Boss I could n't find it .
He did n't seem surprised .
When I left the company , the blackjack program would still cheat if you turned on the right sense switch , and I think that 's how it should be .
I did n't feel comfortable hacking up the code of a Real Programmer . "
[ Posted to Usenet by its author , Ed Nather , on 1983 - 05 - 21 ] .
[ When did it happen ?
Did Mel use hexadecimal or octal ? ]
Nearby terms :
The story of Mel ♦
The story of Mel , a Real Programmer ♦ The World Of Cryton
Try this search on Wikipedia , OneLook , Google
Collection Explorer is temporarily unavailable .
We are working on bringing a new version to you soon .
Meantime , learn about the history of the Museum 's collection and discover the rich stories behind some of our most interesting objects .
Comedy
What We Do In The Shadows : Series 1 - 2
The daily ( or nightly ) lives of four vampires getting to grips with the modern world .
The recent , outlandish assassination in Dubai may prove the most damaging yet in the Mossad ’s history of high - profile , bungled operations .
How did it squander its reputation for ruthless brilliance ?
Last November , a sharp - eyed Israeli woman named Niva Ben-Harush was alarmed to notice a young man attaching something that looked suspiciously like a bomb to the underside of a car in a quiet street near Tel Aviv port .
When police arrested him , he claimed to be an agent of the Mossad secret service taking part in a training exercise : his story turned out to be true — though the bomb was a fake .
No comment was forthcoming from the Israeli prime minister ’s office , which formally speaks for — but invariably says nothing about — the country ’s world - famous espionage organisation .
The bungling bomber was just a brief item on that evening ’s local TV news .
There was , however , a far bigger story — one that echoed across the globe — two years ago this week , when a bomb in a Pajero jeep in Damascus decapitated a man named Imad Mughniyeh .
Mughniyeh was the military leader of Lebanon ’s Shi’ite movement Hezbollah , an ally of Iran , and was wanted by the United States , France and half a dozen other countries .
Israel never went beyond cryptic nodding and winking about that killing in the heart of the Syrian capital , but it is widely believed to have been one of its most daring and sophisticated clandestine operations .
The Mossad , like other intelligence services , tends to attract attention only when something goes wrong , or when it boasts a spectacular success and wants to send a warning signal to its enemies .
Last month ’s assassination of a senior Hamas official in Dubai , now at the centre of a white - hot diplomatic row between Israel and Britain , is a curious mixture of both .
With its cloned foreign passports , multiple disguises , state - of - the - art communications and the murder of alleged arms smuggler Mahmoud al - Mabhouh — one of the few elements of the plot that was not captured on the emirate ’s CCTV cameras — it is a riveting tale of professional chutzpah , violence and cold calculation .
And with the Palestinian Islamist movement now vowing to take revenge , it seems grimly certain that it will bring more bloodshed in its wake .
The images from Dubai follow the biblical injunction ( and the Mossad ’s old motto ) : ” By way of deception thou shalt make war . ”
The agency ’s job , its website explains more prosaically , is to “ collect information , analyse intelligence and perform special covert operations beyond [ Israel ’s ] borders . ”
In the shadows
Founded in 1948 along with the new Jewish state , the Mossad largely stayed in the shadows in its early years .
Yitzhak Shamir , a former Stern Gang terrorist and future prime minister , ran operations targeting German scientists who were helping Nasser ’s Egypt build rockets — foreshadowing later Israeli campaigns to disrupt Iraqi and ( continuing ) Iranian attempts to acquire nuclear and other weapons .
The Mossad ’s most celebrated exploits included the abduction of the fugitive Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann , who was later tried and hanged in Israel .
Others were organising the defection of an Iraqi pilot who flew his MiG - 21 to Israel , and support for Iraqi Kurdish rebels against Baghdad .
Military secrets acquired by Elie Cohen , the infamous spy who penetrated the Syrian leadership , helped Israel conquer the Golan Heights in the 1967 Middle East war .
It was after that that the service ’s role expanded to fight the Palestinians , who had been galvanised under Yasser Arafat into resisting Israel in the newly occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip .
The 1970s saw the so - called “ war of the spooks ” with Mossad officers , operating under diplomatic cover abroad , recruiting and running informants in Fatah and other Palestinian groups .
Baruch Cohen , an Arabic speaker on loan to the Mossad from the Shin Bet internal security service , was shot in a Madrid cafe by his own agent .
Bassam Abu Sharif , of the Marxist Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine , was badly disfigured by a Mossad parcel bomb sent to him in Beirut .
Steven Spielberg ’s 2006 film Munich helped mythologise the Mossad ’s hunt for the Black September terrorists who massacred 11 Israeli athletes at the 1972 Olympics .
Eleven of them were eliminated in killings across Europe , culminating in the small Norwegian town of Lillehammer , where a Moroccan waiter was mistaken for Ali Hassan Salameh , the Munich plot ’s mastermind .
Salameh was eventually killed by a car bomb in Beirut in 1979 — the sort of incident that made Lebanese and Palestinians sit up and notice last year ’s botched training episode in Tel Aviv .
Some details of the assassination of Mabhouh last month echo elements of the campaign against Black September — which ended with the catastrophic arrest of five Mossad agents .
Sylvia Raphael , a South African - born Christian with a Jewish father , spent five years in a Norwegian prison ; she may have been among the young Europeans in Israel who were discreetly asked , in nondescript offices in Tel Aviv , if they wished to volunteer for sensitive work involving Israel ’s security .
Other agents who had been exposed had to be recalled , safe houses abandoned , phone numbers changed and operational methods modified .
Over the years , the Mossad ’s image has been badly tarnished at home as well as abroad .
It was blamed in part for failing to get wind of Egyptian - Syrian plans for the devastating attack that launched the 1973 Yom Kippur war .
Critics wondered whether the spies had got their priorities right by focusing on hunting down Palestinian gunmen in the back alleys of European cities , when they should have been stealing secrets in Cairo and Damascus .
The Mossad also played a significant , though still little - known , role in the covert supply of arms to Ayatollah Khomeini ’s Iran to help fight Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq , as part of the Iran - Contra scandal during Ronald Reagan ’s presidency .
Whistleblower
It has , in addition , suffered occasional blows from its own disgruntled employees .
In 1990 , a Canadian - born former officer called Victor Ostrovsky blew the whistle on its internal organisation , training and methods , revealing codenames including “ Kidon ” ( bayonet ) , the unit in charge of assassinations .
An official smear campaign failed to stop Ostrovsky ’s book , so the agency kept quiet when another ostensibly inside account came out in 2007 .
It described the use of shortwave radios for sending encoded transmissions , operations in Iran for collecting soil samples , and joint operations with the CIA against Hezbollah .
But the worst own goal came in 1997 , during Binyamin Netanyahu ’s first term as prime minister .
Mossad agents tried but failed to assassinate Khaled Mash ’al — the same Hamas leader who is now warning of retaliation for Mabhouh ’s murder — by injecting poison into his ear in Amman , Jordan .
Using forged Canadian passports , they fled to the Israeli embassy , triggering outrage and a huge diplomatic crisis with Jordan .
Danny Yatom , the then Mossad chief , was forced to quit .
Ephraim Halevy , a quietly spoken former Londoner , was brought back from retirement to clear up the mess .
The Dubai assassination , however , may yet turn out to be far more damaging — not least because the political and diplomatic context has changed in the last decade .
Israel ’s reputation has suffered an unprecedented battering , reaching a new low during last year ’s Operation Cast Lead in the Gaza Strip .
“ In the current climate , the traces left behind in Dubai are likely to lead to very serious harm to Israel ’s international standing , ” the former diplomat Alon Liel commented on Wednesday .
Even though Israel is maintaining its traditional policy of “ ambiguity ” about clandestine operations , refusing to confirm or deny any involvement in Dubai , nobody in the world seems to seriously question it .
That includes almost all Israeli commentators , who are bound by the rules of military censorship in a small and talkative country where secrets are often quite widely known .
Double agents
It would be surprising if a key part of this extraordinary story did not turn out to be the role played by Palestinians .
It is still Mossad practice to recruit double agents , just as it was with the PLO back in the 1970s .
News of the arrest in Damascus of another senior Hamas operative — though denied by Mash ’al — seems to point in this direction .
Two other Palestinians extradited from Jordan to Dubai are members of the Hamas armed wing , the Izzedine al - Qassam brigades , suggesting treachery may indeed have been involved .
Previous assassinations have involved a Palestinian agent identifying the target .
Yossi Melman , the expert on intelligence for Israel ’s Haaretz newspaper , worries that , as before the 1973 war , the Israeli government may be getting it wrong by focusing on the wrong enemy — the Palestinians — instead of prioritising Iran and Hezbollah .
Victims of their own success
“ The Mossad is not Murder Inc , like the Mafia ; its goal is not to take vengeance on its enemies , ” he wrote this week .
“ ‘ Special operations ’ like the assassination in Dubai — if this indeed was a Mossad operation — have always accounted for a relatively small proportion of its overall activity .
Nevertheless , these are the operations that give the organisation its halo , its shining image .
This is ultimately liable to blind its own ranks , cause them to become intoxicated by their own success , and thus divert their attention from their primary mission . ”
From an official Israeli point of view , the Mossad has an important job to do .
Its reputation for ruthlessness and cunning remains a powerful asset , prompting what sometimes sounds like grudging admiration as well as loathing in the Arab world — where a predisposition for conspiracy theories boosts the effect of the disinformation and psychological warfare at which the Israelis are said to excel .
The government ’s official narrative , of course , is that Hamas is a terrorist organisation that pioneered horrific suicide bombings , fired thousands of rockets at Israeli civilian targets and — despite occasional signs of pragmatism or readiness for a temporary truce or prisoner swap — remains dedicated to the destruction of the Jewish state .
It refuses to admit that its ever - expanding West Bank settlements remains a significant barrier to peace .
‘ Tough neighbourhood ’
In Western countries , including Britain , there was widespread anger at the 1 400 Palestinian casualties of the Gaza war .
Barack Obama has declared the occupation “ intolerable ” .
Netanyahu heads the most right - wing coalition in Israel ’s history ; his famous quip that the Middle East is a “ tough neighbourhood ” no longer seems to justify playing dirty .
Yet Israelis , and not just those on the right , worry that their very existence as an independent state is being de-legitimised .
And , judging by the jobs section of the Mossad website , there are still plenty of opportunities for Israel ’s wannabe spies : challenging positions are available for researchers , analysts , security officers , codebreakers and other technical work .
Speakers of Arabic and Persian are invited to apply to be intelligence officers .
The work involves travel abroad and a “ young and unconventional ” environment .
It is a novelty of this episode that ordinary Israeli citizens are angry that their identities appear to have been stolen by their own government ’s secret servants — one reason why the Mossad chief Meir Dagan may find his days are numbered .
But it is hard not to detect an undercurrent of popular admiration for the killers of Mabhouh .
The day after the sensational CCTV images and passport photos were shown , the Israeli tennis champion Shahar Pe ’er reached the quarter - finals of a major international competition in the emirate .
“ Another successful operation in Dubai , ” the Ynet website headlined its story .
Ofer Kasti , Haaretz ‘s education correspondent , did not have his passport cloned , but he does bear a striking resemblance to the hit - squad member named as Kevin Daveron .
“ My mum rang and asked gently if I ’d been abroad recently , ” he wrote .
“ Friends asked me why I had n’t brought back any cigarettes from the duty free shop in Dubai .
I thought I sensed admiring glances in the street .
‘ Well done , ’ said an elderly woman who came up to me in the supermarket and clapped me the shoulder .
‘ You showed those Arabs . ' ” – guardian.co.uk
A super -quiet , hover - capable aircraft design , NASA 's experimental one - man Puffin could show just how much electric propulsion can transform our ideas of flight .
It looks like nothing less than a flying suit or a jet pack with a cockpit .
On the ground , the Puffin is designed to stand on its tail , which splits into four legs to help serve as landing gear .
As a pilot prepares to take off , flaps on the wings would tilt to deflect air from the 2.3 - meter - wide propeller rotors upward , keeping the plane on the ground until it was ready to fly and preventing errant gusts from tipping it over .
The Puffin would rise , hover and then lean over to fly horizontally , with the pilot lying prone as if in a glider .
When landing , the extending spring legs would support the 3.7 - meter - long , 4.1 - meter - wingspan craft , which is designed with carbon - fiber composites to weigh in at 135 kilograms , not including 45 kilograms of rechargeable lithium phosphate batteries .
In principle , the Puffin can cruise at 240 kilometers per hour and dash at more than 480 kph .
It has no flight ceiling — it is not air - breathing like gas engines are , and thus is not limited by thin air — so it could go up to about 9,150 meters before its energy runs low enough to drive it to descend .
With current state - of - the - art batteries , it has a range of just 80 kilometers if cruising , " but many researchers are proposing a tripling of current battery energy densities in the next five to seven years , so we could see a range of 240 to 320 kilometers by 2017 , " says researcher Mark Moore , an aerospace engineer at NASA 's Langley Research Center in Hampton , Va .
He and his colleagues will officially unveil the Puffin design on January 20 at an American Helicopter Society meeting in San Francisco .
Moore and his colleagues at NASA , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , the Georgia Institute of Technology , the National Institute of Aerospace , and M - DOT Aerospace named their craft the Puffin because " if you 've ever seen a puffin on the ground , it looks very awkward , with wings too small to fly , and that 's exactly what our vehicle looks like , " he explains .
" But it 's also apparently called the most environmentally friendly bird , because it hides its poop , and we 're environmentally friendly because we have essentially no emissions .
Also , puffins tend to live in solitude , only ever coming together on land to mate , and ours is a one - person vehicle . "
This design relies on electric motors .
These remain efficient regardless of their size , whereas internal combustion engines become less efficient the smaller they are .
As such , electric aircraft can use small motors while generating impressive propulsion — the Puffin can lift a person with just 60 horsepower .
At up to 95 percent efficiency , electric motors are far more efficient than internal combustion engines , which only rate some 18 to 23 percent .
This means electric aircraft are much quieter than regular planes — at some 150 meters , it is as loud as 50 decibels , or roughly the volume of a conversation , making it roughly 10 times quieter than current low - noise helicopters .
This super - quiet quality makes the Puffin potentially ideal for covert military insertions of special operations units and other troops — indeed , it was originally aimed to launch from submarines ; unmanned versions could also help transport supplies .
Quieter aircraft also mean that airports for civil applications such as personal travel and fast courier services could be located much closer to population centers and perhaps even residences without bothering others , significantly cutting down commute times .
Inventors all over the world are still striving to develop personal air vehicles , the equivalent of a plane in every garage — for instance , Samson Motorworks is trying to develop a land / air - capable motorcycle .
In addition , since electric motors are so efficient , they also generate far less heat .
This not only gives them a lower thermal signature for military stealth , but means they do n't need anywhere near the same amount of cooling air flowing over them that internal combustion engines do , thereby reducing aerodynamic drag that can slow them down .
Because electric motors have fewer moving parts , they are perhaps 10 or even 20 times more reliable than piston engines .
In addition , the Puffin 's design allows pieces of either of its two electric motors to fail without any reduction in power to the prop rotors .
The plane could also take a hard , forceful landing if necessary , as the landing gear supports the brunt of the load instead of the pilot , unlike some other one - man flying craft .
" The Puffin is an exciting idea ....
It converges and demonstrates many technologies at once , " said Brien Seeley , president of the Comparative Aircraft Flight Efficiency ( CAFE ) Foundation , a Santa Rosa , Calif . –based independent flight test agency that hosts the annual Electric Aircraft Symposium .
" In my opinion , a mass - marketable version will need conventional seating , cup holders and a short runway for glide - in , view - ahead landings — but opening up people 's imagination is the first essential step . "
By March , the researchers plan on finishing a one third–size , hover - capable Puffin demonstrator , and in the three months following that they will begin investigating how well it transitions from cruise to hover flight .
They are already looking past the Puffin , however .
The next - generation of this design might incorporate more than just two pairs of prop rotors , so that if one was struck by , say , a bird or gunfire , the aircraft could survive on redundant systems .
" We could make it so there 's no single point of failure — that 's the cool next step , " Moore says .
The Pentagon 's risk - taking research agency is kicking off a new program to turn everyday cameras into autonomous ' bots with problem - solving smarts .
Darpa is already after all kinds of highly intelligent robo-critters .
In the past few months , they 've launched projects to create a real - life C3PO and a surveillance system to pinpoint threats in heaps of visual data .
Now , the agency wants artificial intelligence - powered cameras that can recognize objects – and then tell a story about them .
Next month , Darpa will host a one - day conference to launch the project , which has been given a slightly Orwellian title : " The Mind 's Eye . " ( .pdf )
The idea is to create machines that are endowed with what remains an exclusively human ability : visual intelligence .
We 've got the ability to take in our surrounding , interpret them and learn concepts that apply to them .
We 're also masters of manipulation , courtesy of a little thing called imagination : toying around with made up scenes to solve problems or make decisions .
But , of course , our intellect and decision - making skills are often marred by emotion , fatigue or bias .
Enter machines .
Darpa wants cameras that can capture their surroundings , and then employ robust intellect and imagination to " reason over these learned interpretations . "
State - of - the - art cameras can already recognize objects – the " nouns " of cognition .
What Darpa wants is the verb : " To add the perceptual and cognitive underpinnings for recognizing and reasoning ... enabling a more complete narrative of action in the visual experience . "
Darpa 's end goal is a " smart camera " that can report back on war - zone activity with the same detail a trained human operative could offer .
Or , perhaps , replace those troublesome reporters ?
Photo : U.S military
Two IT analysts have received a 12 - month prison sentence suspended for two years at Croydon Crown Court after using their inside knowledge of the computer systems in a nationwide casino chain to steal money .
Andrew Owen Ashley , 30 , of Laleham Road , London SE6 , and Nimesh Bhagat , 31 , of Laitwood Road , London SW12 , both employed as a problem analysts at the casino at the time of the offences , were found guilty of theft .
The men admitted making fraudulent claims for bets totalling more than £ 33,000 between 1 July 2007 and 7 September 2007 using their knowledge of the casinos ' IT system .
They were handed 200 hours of community service and will have to pay back more than £ 16,000 each .
Detective inspector Ann - Marie Waller from the Metropolitan Police Services ' Clubs and Vice unit said , " This was a long and complex investigation into what I believe may be the first case of its kind using IT systems to commit fraud within the gaming industry in the UK and if it had not been for vigilant staff within the casino the £ 33,000 might easily have rolled into hundreds of thousands . "
" These men not only used their intimate knowledge of two complex systems to break the law and make these fraudulent claims , they also breached the trust of their employers and any semblance of professional integrity . "
The men had used remote betting terminals in the casinos , which allow customers to place bets on a roulette game without being present at the live roulette wheel .
An investigation was launched in late August 2007 after a member of staff noticed that a customer who had placed £ 10 into a roulette machine had claimed a £ 600 win , which is impossible when the longest odds at roulette are 35/1 .
The investigation led to the discovery of a series of similar claims , and a pattern of ticket credits that detectives linked to the men .
Computers and other evidence seized from the addresses of the two men showed that they had used their knowledge of the casinos and their own employer 's IT systems to make the terminals produce tickets for large sums of credit .
Video and audio footage placed at least one of the men at the casino terminals involved when the offences took place .
Image : Conor Ogle
Republicans plan to run on a platform of repealing health care reform in the November elections but one Democrat believes that GOP opposition will be a “ liability . ”
Sen .
Chuck Schumer told NBC ’s David Gregory that Democrats who voted for heath care will enjoy their vote as an asset in the 2010 elections .
“ I predict , David , by November , those who voted for health care will find it an asset .
Those who voted it against it will find it a liability , ” said Schumer .
ADVERTISEMENT
Both parties believe they have the advantage .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ The real challenge for Republicans here is to find a way to be positive , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Steven Smith , an expert on congressional politics at Washington University in St. Louis , told McClatchy .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ The last presidential election turned heavily on a lack of confidence that Republicans had the tools , had the ideas for addressing the problems that face the country .
Ã¢â‚¬Â 
More on Sen. Schumer from The Hill :
Schumer argued that polls have showed weak public support for the law because many people donÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t understand what the legislation will do .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s going to become more popular and hereÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s why , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Schumer said .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ The lies that have been spread , they vanish because you see what Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s in the bill .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Schumer said people will soon realize that the bill will not set up so - called death panels , as Republicans warned in the summer , and that illegal immigrants would not receive subsidized healthcare as a result of the law .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ The No. 1 lie that bothers people is that you Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢ll lose your insurance if you have it now and are pretty happy with it , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Schumer said .
He asserted that fear is greatly exaggerated .
This video is from NBC’s Meet the Press , broadcast March 28 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
NUTRAPOISON - HOW TO CONDUCT CHEMICAL WARFARE THROUGH FOOD ( PART ONE ) By Alex Constantine
The FDA is ever mindful to refer to aspartame , widely known as NutraSweet , as a " food additive " -- never a " drug . " A " drug " on the label of a Diet Coke might discourage the consumer .
And because aspartame is classified a food additive , adverse reactions are not reported to a federal agency , nor is continued safety monitoring required by law .
1
NutraSweet is a non-nutritive sweetener .
The brand name is misnomer .
Try Non-NutraSweet .
Food additives seldom cause brain lesions , headaches , mood alterations , skin polyps , blindness , brain tumors , insomnia and depression , or erode intelligence and short - term memory .
Aspartame , according to some of the most capable scientists in the country , does .
In 1991 the National Institutes of Health , a branch of the Department of Health and Human Services , published a bibliography , ' Adverse Effects of Aspartame ' , listing not less than 167 reasons to avoid it .
2
Aspartame is an rDNA derivative , a combination of two amino acids ( long supplied by a pair of Maryland biotechnology firms : Genex Corp. of Rockville and Purification Engineering in Baltimore . )
3
The Pentagon once listed it in an inventory of prospective biochemical warfare weapons submitted to Congress .
4
But instead of poisoning enemy populations , the " food additive " is currently marketed as a sweetening agent in some 1200 food products .
In light of the chemo - warfare implications , the pasts of G.D. Searle and aspartame are ominous .
Established in 1888 on the north side of Chicago , G.D. Searle has long been a fixture of the medical establishment .
The company manufactures everything from prescription drugs to nuclear imaging optical equipment .
5
Directors of G.D. Searle include such geopolitical heavy - hitters as Andre M. de Staercke , Reagan 's ambassador to Belgium and Reuben Richards , an executive vice president at Citibank .
Also Arthur Wood , the retired CEO of Sears , Roebuck & C disgorged by the clan of General Robert E. Wood , wartime chairman of the America First Committee .
6 America Firsters , organized by native Nazis cloaked as isolationists , were quietly financed by the likes of Sullivan & Cromwell 's Allen Dulles and Edwin Webster of Kidder , Peabody .
7
Until the acquisition by Monsanto in 1985 , the firm 's chairman was William L. Searle , a Harvard graduate , Naval reservist and -- a grim irony inview of aspartame 's adverse effects -- an officer in the Army Chemical Corpsin the early 1950s , when the same division tested LSD on groups of humansubjects in concert with the CIA .
8
The chief of the Chemical Warfare Division at this time was Dr. Laurence Laird Layton , whose son Larry was convicted for the murder of Congressman Leo Ryan at Jonestown ( " Come to the pavilion !
What a legacy ! " ) .
Jonestown , of course , bore a remarkable likeness to a concentration camp , and kept a full store of pharmaceutical drugs .
( The Jonestown pharmacy was stocked with a variety of behavior control drugs : qualudes , valium , morphine , demerol and 11,000 doses of thorazine -- a better supply , in fact , than the Guyanese government 's own , not to mention a surfeit of cyanide .
9 )
Dr. Layton was married to the daughter of Hugo Phillip , a Germanbanker and stockbroker representing the likes of Siemens & Halske , the makers of cyanide for the Final Solution , and I.G. Farben , the manufacturer of a lethal nerve gas put to the same purpose .
10
Dr. Layton , a Quaker , developed a form of purified uranium used to set off the Manhattan Project 's first self -- sustaining chain reaction at the University of Chicago in 1942 by his wife 's German -- born Uncle , Dr. James Franck .
At Dugway Proving Ground in Utah , Dr. Layton concentrated his efforts , as did I.G. Farben , on the development of nerve gasses .
11
Dr. Layton later defended his participation in the Army 's chemical warfare section : " You can blow people to bits with bombs , you can shoot them with shells , you can atomize them with atomic bombs , but the same people think there 's something terrible about poisoning the air and letting people breath it .
Anything having to do with gas warfare , chemical warfare , has this taint of horror on it , even if you only make people vomit . "
12
Nazis and chemical warfare are recurring themes in the aspartame story .
Currently , the chief patent holder of the sweetener is the Monsanto Co. , based in St. Louis .
In 1967 , Monsanto entered into a joint venture with I.G. Farbenfabriken , the aforementioned financial core of the Hitler regime and the key supplier of poison gas to the Nazi racial extermination program .
After the Holocaust , the German chemical firm joined with American counterparts in the development of chemical warfare agents and founded the " Chemagrow Corporation " in Kansas City , Missouri , a front that employed German and American specialists on behalf of the U.S. Army Chemical Corps .
13
Dr. Otto Bayer , I.G.'s research director , had a binding relationship with Monsanto chemists .
14 In the post - war period , Dr. Bayer developed and tested chemical warfare agents with Dr. Gerhard Schrader , the Nazi concocter of Tabun , the preferred nerve gas of the SS .
Schrader was also an organophosphate pioneer , and tested the poison on populated areas of West Germany under the guise of killing insects .
15
Schrader 's experiments reek suspiciously of the ongoing aerial application of malathion -- developed by Dr. Schrader , a recruit of the U.S. Chemical Warfare Service when Germany surrendered -- in present -- day Southern California .
16
Another bridge to I.G. Farben was Monsanto's acquisition of American Viscose , long owned by the England 's Courtauld family .
As early as1928 , the U.S. Commerce Department issued a report critical of the Courtauld 's ties to I.G. Farben and the Nazi party .
17 Incredibly , George Courtauld was handed an appointment as director of personnel for England 's Special Operations Executive , the wartime intelligence service , in 1940 .
18
A year later , with the exhaustion of British military financial reserves , American Viscose , worth $ 120 million was put on the block in New York .
The desperate British treasury received less than half that amount from the sale , brokered by Siegmund Warburg , among others .
19 Monsanto acquired the company in 1949 .
20
The Nazi connection to Monsanto crops up again on the board of directors with John Reed , a former crony of " Putzi " Hanfstangl , a Harvard -- bred emigre to Germany who talked Hitler out of committing suicide in 1924 and contributed to the financing of ' Mein Kampf ' .
21
Reed is also chairman of Citibank and long a confederate of the CIA .
According to a lawsuit filed by San Francisco attorney Melvin Belli , Reed was an instigator , with Ronald Reagan , James Baker and Margaret Thatcher , of the " Purple Ink Document , " a plan to finance CIA covert operations with wartime Japanese gold stolen from a buried Philippine hoard .
22
Other covert military connections to Monsanto include Dr. Charles Allen Thomas , chairman of the Monsanto Board , 1965 [ ? ] .
Dr. Thomas directed a group of scientists during WWII in the refinement of plutonium for use in the atomic bomb .
In the postwar period Monsanto operated Tennessee 's Oak Ridge National Laboratories for the Manhattan Project .
23 ( Manhattan gestated with the Oak Ridge Institute for Nuclear Studies , where Lethal doses of radiation were tested on 200 unwary cancer patients , turning them into " nuclear calibration devices " gratis the AEC and NASA , until 1974 .
24 )
Nazi scientists and a 7,000 ton stockpile of uranium were delivered to the Project by its security and counter -- intelligence director , Col. Boris Pash , a G2 designate to the CIA 's Bloodstone program -- and the ' eminence grise ' of PB / 7 , a clandestine Nazi unit that , according to state Department records , conducted a regimen of political assassinations and kidnappings in Europe and the Eastern bloc . 25
Monsanto Director William Ruckelshaus was an acting director of the FBI under Richard Nixon , a period in the Bureau 's history marred by COINTELPRO outrages , including assassinations .
Nixon subsequently appointed Ruckelshaus to the position of EPA director , a nagging irony given his ties to industry ( Browning Ferris and Cummins Engine Co. ) .
CIA counter intelligentsia on the Monsanto board include Stansfield Turner , a former Director of Central Intelligence , and Earle H. Harbison , an Agency information specialist for nineteen years .
Harbison is also a director of Merrill Lynch , and thus raises the spectre of CIA drug dealing .
In 1984 President Ronald Reagan 's Commission on Organized Crime concluded that Merrill Lynch employed couriers " observed transferring enormous amounts of cash through investment houses and banks in New York City to Italy and Switzerland .
Tens of millions of dollars in heroin sales in this country were transferred over seas . "
Merrill Lynch invested the drug proceeds in the New bullion market before making the offshore transfers .
26
As might be expected in view of Monsanto 's Nazi , chemical warfare and CIA ties , NutraSweet is a can of worms unprecedented in the American food industry .
The history of the product is laden with flawed and fabricated research findings and , when necessary to further the product along , blatant lies - the basis of FDA approval and the incredulity of independent medical researchers .
Senator Metzenbaum described the FDA as " the handmaiden " of the drug industry in 1985 , but she comports under all regimes .
In the Clinton administration for example , Mike Taylor was graced with the position of deputy director of the FDA .
Taylor is a cousin of Tipper Gore , Vice President Albert Gore 's wife , and once an outside counsel to Monsanto .
( Gore voted with Senate conservatives in 1985 against aspartame labeling . )
Under the tutelage of the Clinton administration , one Chicago reporter quipped , the FDA strictly enforces one " unwritten " violation of law -- failure to bribe .
Granitic Believers
G.D. Searle , the pharmaceutical firm that introduced NutraSweet , worked symbiotically with federal and congressional officials , bribed investigators when violations of law were exposed , * anything * to move aspartame to market .
As far back as 1969 , an internal Searle " strategy memo " concluded the company must obtain FDA approval to outpace firms competing for the artificial sweetener market .
Another memo in December 1970 urged that FDA officials were to be " brought into a subconscious spirit of participation " with Searle .
27
To that end , with enormous profits at stake , the pharmaceutical house set out on a long struggle to transform the Pentagon 's biochemical warfare agent into " the taste Mother Nature intended .
The official story is that aspartame was discovered in 1966 by a scientist developing an ulcer drug ( not a " food additive " ) .
Supposedly he discovered , upon carelessly licking his fingers that they tasted sweet .
Thus was the chemicals industry blessed with a successor to saccharine , the coal -- tar derivative that foundered eight years later under the pressure of cancer concerns .
Aspartame found early opposition in consumer attorney James Turner , author of * The Chemical Feast * and a former Nader 's Raider .
At his own expense , Turner fought approval for ten years , basing his argument on aspartame 's potential side effects , particularly on children .
His concern was shared by Dr. John Olney , Professor of neuropathology and psychiatry at Washington School of Medicine in St. Louis .
Dr. Olney found that aspartame , combined with MSG seasoning , increased the odds of brain damage in children .
Other studies have found that children are especially vulnerable to its toxic effects , a measure of the relation between consumption and body weight .
The FDA determined in 1981 , when the sweetener was approved , that the maximum projected intake of Aspartame is 50 milligrams a day per kilogram of body weight .
A child of 66 pounds would consume about 23 milligrams by imbibing four cans of Diet Coke .
The child might also conceivably down an aspartame -- flavored snack or two , nearing the FDA 's projected maximum daily intake .
29
Dr. William Partridge , a professor of neuroendocrine regulation at MIT , told ' Common Cause ' in August 1984 that it would n't be surprising if a child -- " confronted with aspartame contained in iced tea chocolate milk , milk shakes , chocolate pudding pie , Jello , ice cream and numerous other products " -- consumed 50 milligrams per kilogram in a day .
Internally , aspartame breaks down into its constituent amino acids and methanol , which degrades into formaldehyde .
The FDA announced in 1984 that " no evidence " has been found to establish that the methanol byproduct reaches toxic levels , claiming that " many fruit juices contain higher levels of the natural compound . "
30
But the Medical World News had already reported in 1978 that the methanol content of aspartame is 1,000 times greater than most foods under FDA control .
31
NutraSweet , the " good stuff " of sentimental adverts , is a truly insidious product .
According to independent trials , aspartame intake is shown by animal studies to alter brain chemicals affecting behavior .
Aspartame 's effects on the brain led Richard Wurtman , an MIT neuroscientist , to the discovery , as recorded in The New England Journal of Medicine ( No. 309 , 1983 ) , that the sweetener defeats its purpose as a diet aid , since high doses may instill a craving for calorie - laden carbohydrates .
One of his pilot studies found that the NutraSweet -- carbohydrate combination increases the " sweetener 's effect on brain composition . "
Searle officials denigrated Wurtman 's findings , but the American Cancer Society has since confirmed the irony -- after tracking 80,000 women for six years -- that " among women who gained weight , artificial sweetener users gained more than those who did n't use the products , " as reported in Medical Self - Care ( 387 ) .
( Since his battle with G.D. Searle , Wurtman founded Interneuron Pharmaceuticals , Inc. , the producer of a sports drink that enhances athletic performance , and a weight loss drug marketed in over 40 countries .
Wurtman 's share of the company , established in 1989 , was worth $ 10 million by 1992 .
32
Even more daunting are the findings of Dr. Paul Spiers , a neuropsychologist " at " Boston 's Beth Israel Hospital , that aspartame use can depress intelligence .
" For this reason , he selected experimental subjects with a history of " consuming " it but unaware that they might be suffering ill effects .
The subjects were " given NutraSweet in capsules of the FDA 's allowable limit .
Spiers was alarmed " to discover that they developed " cognitive deficits " .
One of the tests required recall of square patterns and alphabetical sequences , becoming increasingly more difficult .
The test is challenging , but most people improve as they learn how it is done .
The aspartame users , however , did not improve .
" Some frankly showed a reverse pattern , " said Spiers . " 33
Aspartame has been shown to erode short -- term memory .
At the May , 1985 hearings on NutraSweet , Louisiana Senator Russell Long related a bizarre anecdote : SENATOR LONG : I have received a letter recently from a person who is well known to me and whose word is impeccable , as far as I am concerned .
This person told me that she had been dieting and she had been using diet drinks with aspartame in it .
She said she found her memory was going .
She seemed to be completely losing her memory .
When she would meet people whom she knew intimately , she could not recall what their name was , or even who they were .
She could not recall a good bit of that which was going on about her to the extent that she was afraid she was losing her mind .
. .
In due course , someone suggested that it might be this NutraSweet , so she stopped using it and her memory came back and her mind was restored .
Senator Howard Metzenbaum replied that he had received " a number of letters from doctors reporting similar developments ...
There have been hundreds of incidents of people who have suffered loss of memory , headaches , dizziness , and other neurological symptoms which they feel are related to aspartame . "
34
Senator Orrin Hatch , a hidebound archconservative and NutraSweet advocate , downplayed criticism of the sugar substitute .
" Some people have lost their memory after drinking a variety of things , " he argued .
" The bottom line is this :
The studies supporting aspartame 's approval have been examined and reexamined .
More than enough sound , valid studies exist to demonstrate aspartame 's safety .
Hatch of Utah , reports the Wall Street Journal , has given his strong support of the pharmaceutical industries . "
35
So have the Hatchlings .
David Kessler , FDA Commissioner under presidents Bush and Clinton , was once an aide to Orrin Hatch .
Hatch 's former campaign manager and aide , C. McClain Haddow , was sentenced to prison for conflict - of - interest charges arising from his work as a Reagan administration health official .
And Thomas Parry ,
Hatch 's former chief of staff , has carved a sumptuous life for himself as a Republican fund - raiser and lobbyist with clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
All told , Parry represents 36 " clients , including Eli Lilly , Warner -- Lambert , and Johnson & Johnson , not to mention ranking defense firms and the Bahamas government .
Parry 's pharmaceutical clients have enriched Senator Hatch 's campaign coffers , and in turn Hatch lavishes his attentions on them .
By the time Orrin Hatch was stumping for NutraSweet in the U.S. Senate , the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta had received 600 letters complaining of NutraSweet 's adverse effects .
The National Soft Drink Association ( NSDA ) had them too .
" There have been hundreds of reports from around the country suggesting a possible relationship between their consumption of NutraSweet and subsequent symptoms including headaches , aberrational behavior , slurred speech , etc . "
FDA Commissioner Arthur Hull Hayes , appointed by Ronald Reagan in April , 1981 ( moving the New York Times to observe that " some industry officials consider Dr. Hayes more sympathetic to their viewpoints than past holders of the office " ) , considered such complaints " anecdotal . "
Of course , like scores of other conservatives roaming the executive branch in the 1980s , the ethics of Arthur Hull Hayes were entirely malleable -- not only did he approve a product based on studies that were " scientifically lacking in design and execution , " according to a report issued by Science Times in February 1985 , but upon leaving the FDA he took the post of senior medical consultant for Burson - Marsteller , the public relations firm retained by G.D. Searle .
37
Burson - Marsteller , a huge public relations conglomerate , swelled in the 1980s by leveraging smaller competitors -- including Black , Manafort , Stone & Kelley , a lobbying firm best known for influence peddling along the Beltway - presently outsizing even the Hill & Knowlton empire .
Typical in the aspartame story are Burson - Marsteller 's links to the intelligence community and rightwing operatives of the GOP .
Thomas Devereaux Bell , Jr. , an executive officer of the firm , is the former chairman of the Center for naval Analysis in Alexandria , Virginia .
Bell was also the executive director of Ronald Reagan 's Inaugural Ball Committee ( in which capacity he ushered in the likes of Licio Gelli , head of P2 , the notorious Italian secret society ) .
Bell 's career in Washington began in 1971 as a deputy director of Richard Nixon 's Committee to ReElect the President .
He went on to serve as an administrative aide to Senator William Brock and the Reagan transition team .
38
At the FDA , Hayes used aspartame as a political statement that the Reagan administration was embarking on a grand voyage of conservative " regulatory reform , " sluicing through treasonous liberal constraints on " free enterprise . "
Despite what one FDA scientist described as ' very serious ' questions concerning pivotal brain tumor tests , Hayes eagerly approved aspartame for use in dry foods in July 1981 .
39 Three FDA scientists advised against the approval of aspartame , citing G.D. Searle 's own brain tumor tests , because there was no proof that " aspartame is safe for use as a food additive under its intended conditions of use . "
40
Hayes has since declined to answer any questions about his decision , which ignored the recommendations of the FDA 's own board of inquiry .
He relied instead on a study conducted by Japan 's Ajinomoto , Inc. - a licensee of G.D. Searle .
Hayes acknowledged in his 1981 decision that he had only consulted a preliminary report of the Japanese evaluation , and only ' skimmed ' it .
More serious ,
Hayes violated federal law by basing approval on the test , as it had not been reviewed by the FDA board .
41
Who is Arthur Hull Hayes ?
He was no disinterested bureaucrat .
True to the biochemical theme of the aspartame story , Dr. Hayes served in the Army MedicalCorps in the 1960s .
According to the ' Washington Post ' , Hayes was assigned to Edgewood Arsenal at Fort Detrick , Maryland , the Army 's chemical warfare base of operations , " one of a number of doctors who conducted drug tests for the Army on volunteers . . . to determine the effect of a mind - disorienting drug called CAR 301,060 . "
According to a declassified 1976 report prepared by the Army Inspector General , Hayes had planned a research study to develop the mind - altering CAR 301,060 as a ' crowd control agent . '
In 1972 , Hayes left Edgewood Arsenal , and a new plan for the experiments was drawn up by Edgewood physicians .
The 1976 report notes that similar tests had been conducted before Hayes took charge .
42
Also at the center of the effort to land FDA approval of NutraSweet stood Donald Rumsfeld - " Rummy " to his friends - chairman of G.D. Searle upon leaving the Ford administration in 1977 .
Rumsfeld , the product of a wealthy Chicago suburb , was a Princeton graduate and a Navy pilot during the Korean conflict .
Heentered politics as a Congressional House aide attending night classes at Georgetown University Law School , which is closely aligned with the CIA .
43
Rumsfeld campaigned ambitiously for Richard Nixon , who drafted him to direct the Office of Equal Opportunity on May 26,1969 .
He quickly established an office to spy on his employees in a holy crusade to flush out " revolutionaries " said to be granting federal funds to politically subversive organizations - a throwback to McCarthy 's tantrums .
44
Rumsfeld also figured in Nixon 's notorious Power Control Group , spearheaded by Charles Colson and John Ehrlichman .
45 Gerald Ford named Rumsfeld executive chief of staff upon the resignation of Al Haig .
In 1986 he was named chairman of the Institute forContemporary Studies , a neoconservative " think tank " ( read : propaganda mill ) established in 1972 by Edwin Meese and Caspar Weinberger .
ICS has sponsored such opinion - shaping projects as a study of expansions in " entitlement programs " and their erosive effects on the economy , and a book on the uses of coercion by Communist regimes .
46
Rumsfeld , at 43 , became the county 's youngest secretary of defense .
For many years he has been a vocal proponent of chemical weapons .
47 He is chairman of the Rand Corp. 48 In 1988 , he dropped a presidential bid , and was named a v.p. of Westmark Systems , led by past NSA Director Bobby Ray Inman .
Rumsfeld was one of Westmark 's founding directors , sharing the board with Joseph Amato , a former vice president at TRW ( and a colleague of Inman 's at the National Security Agency ) , and Dale Frey , chairman of the General Electric Investment Corp. 49
Rumsfeld , a veteran political operative , was an adept at the vulgar art of public relations .
He was recruited by G.D. Searle because he had " a Boy Scout image , " according to one company official .
50 A house politician was precisely what Searle needed to compensate for the damage done by independent researchers concerned about the toxic effects of aspartame .
In March 1976 , an FDA task force brought into question ' all ' of the company 's testing procedures between1967 and 1975 .
The task force described " serious deficiencies in Searle 's operations and practices which undermine the basis for reliance on Searle 's integrity . "
The final report of the FDA task force noted faulty and fraudulent product testing , knowingly misrepresented findings , and instances of " irrelevant or unproductive animal research where experiments have been poorly conceived , carelessly executed or inaccurately analyzed . "
51
Richard Merrill , the FDA 's chief counsel , petitioned Samuel K. Skinner U.S. Attorney for the northern district of Illinois , for a grand jury investigation of Searle 's " willful and knowing failure " to submit required test reports , and for " concealing material facts and making false statements " in reports on aspartame submitted to the agency .
52 Yet industry analysts , interviewed by the ' Wall Street Journal ' six months after Rumsfeld 's appointment as chairman , noted a rapid turn about in Searle 's fortunes as a result of his direction .
53
Searle denies that Chairman Rumsfeld ever had any contact with the FDA , or the Carter and Reagan administrations , to lobby for aspartame .
54 But the ' Wall Street Journal ' article reported in 1977 that Rumsfeld " keenly understands the importance of a public image .
So he has been mending fences with the FDA by personally asking top agency officials what Searle should do to straighten out its reputation . "
Westley M. Dixon , Searle 's vice chairman , told the ' Journal ' that without Rumsfeld " we would n't have gotten approval for Norpace , " a drug investigated by the FDA in 1975 .
55
The grand jury investigation of Searle disintegrated in January , 1977 when the FDA formally requested that Samuel Skinner , U.S. attorney and a protege of Illinois Governor James Thompson , investigate the firm for falsifying and withholding aspartame test data .
A month later , Skinner met with attorneys from Searle 's Chicago law firm , Sidley & Austin .
Jimmy Carter ascended to the presidency a few weeks later .
He announced that Skinner would not be asked to remain in office , but the outgoing Republican was n't found wanting for employment .
He informed reporters that he had already begun " preliminary discussions " with Sidley & Austin . 56
G.D. Searle and Sidley & Austin are Siamese Twins .
Edwin Austin , a senior partner in the law firm , was appointed to the Illinois Supreme Court in 1969 .
The Searle family drew upon his services extensively , and he taught Sunday school in Wilmette , a Chicago suburb , as did Dr. Claude Howard Searle , whose father cofounded the pharmaceutical house .
The firm is grafted to the beating heart of the Republican Party .
Morris Leibman of Sidley & Austin was for many years chairman of the American Bar Association 's " Standing Committee on Law and National Security , " a position that won him Reagan 's Medal of Freedom in 1981 .
57
John E. Robson , head of Sidley & Austin 's Washington office , was appointed executive vice - president of Searle & Co. in 1977 , the same year Skinner was named a partner in the law firm .
Robson , too , was active in Republican politics .
He was the first General Counsel of the Department of Transportation , and atthe behest of Gerald Ford in 1975 , chairman of the Civil Aeronautics Board .
58 He moved on to Searle , and stayed with the company until it was bought outright by Monsanto in 1985 .
Howard Trienens , a law clerk to the late chief Justice Vinson in the early 1950s , was a G.D. Searle director and worked for Sidley & Austin since 1949 .
59 Archconservative California Governor George Deukmejian joined Sidley & Austin's Los Angeles branch upon leaving office in1991 , and is reportedly making a " very comfortable " living .
He has a keen " sense " for bringing in corporate clients , a partner in the firm told the Los Angeles Times , many of them past contributors to his campaign fund .
Deukmejian 's business connections have given him a reputation as a Sidley & Austin " rainmaker , " but the L.A. City Council has questioned his ethics in promoting a contract with Sumitomo Corp. on a metropolitan railway project .
60
Searleaside , Sidley & Austin has served some of the most notorious special interests in the country .
The firm lobbied overtime , for instance , on behalf of Charles Keating 's Lincoln Savings & Loan , and provided counsel on tax issues and dealing with federal authorities .
The firm assisted Keating when Lincoln was foundering , and curried political favor to keep the S&L operating despite massive debts .
As a result , the firm was forced to settle with Lincoln depositors in1991 , agreeing to cover an excess of $ 40 million in claims .
61
Sidley & Austin also represented the AMA when a group of drugstore chains sued seven drug makers - including Searle - for price fixing and antitrust violations .
The lawsuit , filed in October 1993 , amounts to billions of dollars in compensation .
62
Skinner re-excused himself from the Searle prosecution four months before leaving office - asking , in a memo to subordinates , that the matter be kept " confidential to avoid any undo embarrassment " - a stall that nearly allowed the statute of limitations to expire .
William Conlon , a senior U.S. attorney , inherited the case .
He eased off , citing case load pressures , and gave a deaf ear to complaints of delays from the Justice Department , which urged that a grand jury be convened to prosecute Searle for falsifying NutraSweet test data .
In January , 1979 , Conlon too joined Sidley & Austin . 63
The 33 - page letter from Merrill to Skinner charged Searle with criminal fraud in its animal test results .
In 1984 Common Cause asked Dan Reidy of the U.S. attorney 's office how the investigation had stalled .
Reidy replied that because it was a grand jury investigation , he was " bound by law to secrecy . "
A Searle spokesman exploited the demise of the grand July claim that there was " no validity to the charges , that the company had been exonerated . "
Philip Brodsky , an investigator for the FDA , expressed surprise that Searle had n't been indicted .
" I thought surely they would prosecute them , " he said .
64
Eleven years later Senator Metzenbaum issued a press release charging Skinner with stalling the criminal investigation as he prepared to decamp from office .
Metzenbaum and his staff demanded an FBI investigation of Skinner 's mishandling of the case .
In December 1988 , the conflict - of - interest bombshell blew up in the face of newly elected George Bush , who was about to appoint Skinner to the position of Transportation Secretary .
65
Like most of the Machiavellians in the NutraSweet story , Samuel Knox Skinner kept company with hard right Republicans .
He entered politics as a campaign volunteer for Barry Goldwater .
66 In 1975 , he was appointed to Federal Prosecutor in Chicago by President Ford .
Sidley & Austin promoted him to senior partner after only one year with the firm .
Skinner was the director of George Bush 's presidential campaign in Illinois .
On occasion he was berated for his involvement with the state 's Republican apparatus :
In 1987 , for instance , the Chicago SunTimes linked him with a clutch of lawyers close to Governor Thompson , who were awarded lucrative assignments handling the affairs of financially crippled insurance companies .
Skinner was a leading light of the Illinois Fraud Prevention Commission - he targeted welfare cheats ( as opposed to white - collar criminals in the drug industry ) - and President Reagan 's Commission on Organized Crime .
In December 1991 , he left Transportation to take the position of President Bush 's Chief of Staff . 67
" A Shocking Story "
Had Skinner pressed on with the investigation , aspartame 's manufacturer would have been forced to explain a long history of fabricated laboratory tests and slippery dealings with federal regulators , not to mention the public .
Dr. Alexander Schmidt , a former FDA commissioner , said of the original Aspartame Task Force investigation : " What was discovered was reprehensible .
.. incredibly sloppy science . "
A 1980 public board of inquiry opined that the company 's testing procedures were " bizarre . "
68
Searle 's decision to market aspartame culminated with the falsification of test results to obtain FDA approval .
In November 1969 , officials of the firm hired Dr. Harry Waisman , a researcher for the University of Wisconsin , to test for brain damage in rhesus monkeys .
Seven monkeys were fed aspartame for periods up to one year .
In the end , though , the evaluation flopped because the technicians failed to perform the intelligence tests and autopsies required to determine braindamage .
When questioned about the false data by the FDA , Searle officials claimed to have had no direct control over the study .
But the protocol for the studywas written by a Searle pathologist ' after ' it had begun .
And , according to Dr. Gross , " Frequent high - level communications took place between Searle executives and Dr. Waisman prior to and during the study . "
69
To make matters worse , Dr. Waisman died in March , 1971 , in mid-study .
Searle submitted the toxicity test to the FDA on October 12 , 1972 .
It bore Dr. Waisman 's name as co-author .
Richard Merrill noted : " Dr. Waisman was the expert in the field and his name would carry great weight , " but complained to Skinner that Searle took " great literary license " in drafting the report , " which ' covers up ' the admitted inadequacy of the design , control and documentation of this study . "
70
Searle submitted some 150 test reports , yet Dr. Martha Freeman of the FDA Bureau of Drugs noted in a 1973 memo , " the information provided is inadequate to permit an evaluation of the potential toxicity of aspartame . "
71 The FDA task force set up by Dr. Schmidt in 1975 reviewed 25 studies on seven products manufactured by G.D. Searle , a total of 500 pages and 15,000 exhibits .
72
Searle was held to be the author of " reports that the FDA believes contain false information " and " concealed facts resulting from having drafted Dr. Waisman 's ' pilot ' monkey study so that it would ' appear ' to be a valid , thorough scientific study , " and not a forgery .
In 1975 Searle submitted a battery of cancer test results entitled " The Willigan Report , which contained a statistical table that excluded four malignant mammary tumors detected by Dr. Willigan and incorporated in his data .
The malignancies were made to appear benign .
Searle dismissed the misrepresentation as a computer " programming error " undetected by supervising statisticians .
Dr. Gross interviewed all concerned with the tests .
He concluded in a statement to Metzenbaum 's committee in August , 1985 , that " to accept the Searle explanation is to believe that the unfavorable mammary malignancy data were innocently omitted from the summary table four separate times by three different individuals . "
74
The Waisman and Willigan Reports were prepared by Searle Labs , as were 88 % of the safety evaluations conducted by 1981 .
75
They are typical of the shoddy documentation upon which FDA Commissioner Hayes based his decision that aspartame does not constitute a public health risk .
Although two members of the1975 task force considered the tests to be criminal frauds , Hayes and Searle declared the results valid .
In an appeal to Hayes ' decision , James Turner said : " The entire argument that since the studies are no longer considered fraudulent ' by FDA ' they are therefore scientifically valid is an example of a rhetorical shell game that , if successful , can only bring discredit and ridicule on the FDA . "
76
Dr. Gross , the chief scientist on the FDA task force , told the CBS ' Nightly News ' staff in January , 1984 , that Searle made " ' deliberate ' decisions " to cloak the toxic effects of aspartame .
" They took great pains to camouflage these shortcomings of the study , '' Gross said , " as I say , filter and just present to the FDA what they wished the FDA to know .
And they did other ' terrible ' things .
For instance , animals would develop tumors while they were under study - well , G.D. Searle would ' remove these tumors from the animals ' , " surgically masking the cancerous effects of aspartame .
77 Yet one 1986 ' New England Journal of Medicine ' article claimed that non-compulsive aspartame intake has " no sinister effects . "
Dr. Woodrow Monte told CBS , " Every time a truly impartial team of scientists have looked at NutraSweet , it has been turned down . "
Dr. Monte , director of the nutrition laboratory at Arizona State University , held that these studies " show ' extreme ' dangers over the long term . "
78
Dr. Monte was rewarded for his comments by a fusillade from the press .
On February 23 , Dan Dorfman , a business news reporter for WCBS in New York , broke a story that several CBS employees had invested in options on NutraSweet that pay off if the stock price drops .
79
Dr. Monte and his attorney had purchased the options as well .
It emerged that the CBS staffers had purchased the options on the advice of stock market newsletters printed prior to the nightly news report .
The investments were not illegal , nor did they reap a profit .
Searle 's stock was not affected by the publicity , and the investors took a loss .
Nevertheless , the ' Wall Street Journal ' ran a front - page story condemning the " inside trading . "
Reed Irvine 's Accuracy in Media picked up the cudgel against Dr. Monte and the CBS employees as if they 'd committed a shocking Wall Street swindle .
80 Accuracy in Media , formed in 1969 , is an intelligence operation abetted by the CIA .
The rabidly right - wing organization was co-founded by Bernard Yoh , a counter - insurgency adviser under the notorious Edward Landsdalein Vietnam , and a fount of CIA funds to military intelligence units in the Delta region .
Board member Elbridge Durbrow was once a Foreign Service " diplomat , " and advised commanders of Maxwell Air Force Base in Alabama .
Another AIM board member , Frank Trager , has conducted research for the Pentagon and CIA , and churns out pamphlets on international business and intelligence operations .
Major financial contributors to AIM include Richard Nixon , " Bebe " Rebozo , Edward Scripps , the wretched Dr. Edward Teller and former Treasury Secretary William E. Simon .
81
Accuracy in Media is a strident advocate of the chemical industry , which provides it with generous funding .
The media " watchdog " has long waged a campaign on behalf of dioxin , denouncing the " Agent Orange scare " as the creation of delirious , anti-business liberals .
Among the leading manufacturers of Agent Orange for the Vietnam war effort was Monsanto , preparing - at the very moment AIM took aim at detractors of NutraSweet [ TM ] - to buy G.D. Searle .
The Good Stuff
Dr. Monte cautioned in 1987 that he did n't want to sound like a " conspiracy theory " hound , but the aspartame chronology clarifies its commercial emergence .
The FDA Board of Inquiry advised against the sweetener on September 30 , 1980 .
On January21 , 1981 - the day after Reagan 's inauguration - Searle submitted " ten new studies . "
Dr. Monte was skeptical .
" It is impossib1e that they could have conducted those studies in four months , " he said .
" Obviously they 'd previously done those studies but had n't officially submitted them , although much of the information in those studies was informally presented to the board of inquiry . "
With the " new tests " in hand , Hayes acted as though critical , overriding evidence had proven the safety of aspartame .
82
James Turner , representing thc Community Nutrition Institute in Washington , D.C. , said that Arthur Hull Hayes , to arrive at his decision that aspartame is safe , firewalked a path " through a mass of scientific mismanagement , improper procedures , wrong conclusions and general scientific inexactness . "
Two FDA officials declared in 1985 that Hayes was determined to clear all obstacles to NutraSweet approval .
One FDA bureaucrat reported that " people at the top " were closed to questions concerning the quality of the tests submitted by Searle .
83
In July , 1984 a broad investigation of NutraSweet 's adverse effects was conducted by the FDA and the Centers for Disease Control .
Federal health officials said at the outset that they believed no harm would emerge from the data to indict aspartame .
Robert McQuate , Ph.D. , science director of the National Soft Drink Association , predicted with mystical confidence that the study would " provide further evidence that aspartame is a safe ingredient . "
84
Dr. McQuate did n't fret the goring of his biochemical ox .
In November the CDC announced that no " serious , widespread " side effects had been found .
85 It was " unlikely , " said CDC officials , that " complainers " could establish a link between NutraSweet and their maladies - the same bromide once tossed to victims of radiation experiments .
The reported side - effects of aspartame fell into two distinct categories : central nervous system ( 65 % ) and gastrointestinal disorders ( 24 % ) .
86 Yet the CDC claimed erroneously that no consistent reaction pattern had been found .
87 Robert Shapiro , then president of Nutrasweet , used the occasion to enthuse that the survey " clearly established the safety " of the sugar substitute .
88
Nevertheless , the CDC recommended a new set of studies because aspartame users continued to complain of ill effects .
Based on the ersatz assurances of the CDC report , PepsiCo announced that it would drop saccharine and begin sweetening its diet drinks entirely with aspartame .
The decision would have been approved by Wayne Calloway , then CEO of PepsiCo and director of the multinationals Citicorp , General Electric and Exxon .
In 1983 soda bottlers , organized around Pepsi had petitioned the FDA for a delay in approval of NutraSweet for soft drinks until further evaluation verified its safety - interpreted by market analysts as a ploy to drive down the price of the sweetener .
They soon abandoned the effort to block approval ( and all health concerns they might have had ) .
" We believe saccharine is safe , " Pepsi USA President Roger Enrico lied , but " we wanted the taste improvement . "
PepsiCo , already drawing on a tenth of Searle 's 7.5 million pound annual production of aspartame , signed an agreement with G.D. Searle to boost purchases 500 percent .
89
( Like other corporate pushers of aspartame , Pepsi has long maintained ties to the intelligence community .
One product of the relationship was a Pepsi plant in Vientiane , Laos with a laboratory outfitted for heroin production .
Alfred McCoy , in ' The Politics of Heroin in Southeast Asia ' documents the efforts of Richard Nixon to promote the plant 's construction in 1965 , and the CIA 's continuing subsidization of the plant .
McCoy complained to Pepsi officials that the facilities were but a cover for the importation and refinement of morphine , but it continued to operate unhindered . )
Yet another report was filed by Reagan 's General Accounting Office in July 1987 , this one on the FDA 's handling of aspartame .
The GAO concluded that the agency had followed proper procedures and conducted valid studies .
But the report noted that the FDA had followed guidelines for food - not drug - testing , despite the recommendation of the agency 's own biologists favoring ' drug ' tests , which are considerably more stringent .
This recommendation was overruled by FDA officials .
90
Another blemish in the study was bared by Dr. Louis Elsas , director of medical genetics at Emory University in Atlanta .
" They never asked the right questions about what it does to brain function in humans , " he told the ' Washington Post ' .
Half of the scientists polled expressed reservations about the safety of NutraSweet .
One - fifth reported " major concerns . "
Monsanto quibbled in a press release that these critics had themselves never conducted aspartame research .
A score of independent scientists have .
They found side effects .
Senator Metzenbaum berated Searle 's flawed and fabricated tests at the August 1 , 1985 Senate hearings .
" The FDA , " he said , " is content to have the manufacturer of aspartame , G.D. Searle , conduct these studies .
How ' absurd ' . "
He also faulted the AMA :
The ' Journal of the American Medical Association ' recently published a report on aspartame which , with some significant disclaimers , stated it was safe for most people .
I wish that this report could ease my concerns .
It does not .
It merely restates the FDA position which relies solely on the tests conducted by G.D. Searle .
As I have indicated these tests are under a cloud .
In addition , the concerns raised recently by the scientists ... were not even included in the report .
91
Deficiencies in testing were aggravated by a lack of laboratory training at Searle .
One of the pivotal safety studies involved fetal damage , but the FDA task force found that the medical researcher in charge was " inexperienced in conducting studies of this nature and yet given full responsibility . "
They were appalled to discover that his sole credential was a field study of the cottontail rabbit for the Illinois Wildlife Service , yet at Searle he'd been assigned to laboratory training and supervision .
When asked about his ' curriculum vitae ' in fetal research , he replied that he'd once attended a seminar on the subject , and the company had provided him with a stack of reference works .
92 ( Yet J.D. Searle , in its 1981 Annual Report , billed itself as " a research based pharmaceutical company . " )
Corporate control of NutraSweet testing continues at Monsanto , torturing the ethics of academic medicine .
In August 1987 the University of Illinois , a recipient of Monsanto 's largess , issued a study exonerating aspartame of causing seizures in laboratory animals .
Dave Hattan , a safety regulator for the FDA , responded that the study only confirmed the need for testing on humans .
At independent labs , he insisted , aspartame provoked seizures .
Industrial support tends to contaminate test data .
Dr. Elsas , in a 1988 letter to the ' New England Journal of Medicine ' , advocates unbiased review of clinical research .
" The NutraSweet Co. , " he said , " may have had an interest in protocols that would find that their product had no untoward effects . "
94
Monsanto reportedly granted one NutraSweet researcher a $ 1.3 million honorarium .
95
The same hired gun willing to manipulate lab results will have no qualms publicly defending a tainted pharmaceutical , like the diabetic specialist who objected that a Senate hearing on aspartame , which called him as a witness , might arouse groundless public anxiety .
96
Victims and health activists have attempted in the courts to put a stop to the marketing of NutraSweet , to no avail .
In 1985 a coalition of consumer groups were handed a ruling by the federal Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia that the FDA had followed proper procedures in approving aspartame for soft drinks .
A year later the ' Washington Post ' reported that the Supreme Court again refused to consider the case " despite critics ' arguments that the product , sold under the brand name NutraSweet , may cause brain damage . "
97
Likewise , the medical establishment has thrown up an impenetrable wall to aspartame critics .
Dr. Roberts , author of a brief study , " Aspartame - Associated Confusion and Memory Loss : A Possible Human Model for Early Alzheimer 's Disease , " found it impossible to publish the article in a peer review medical journal .
This was peculiar , he thought , " considering the increasing magnitude of Alzheimer 's disease , and the relevance of my observations to newer biochemical findings and avenues of research . "
He can " personally vouch for the ' enormous ' difficulty in getting published articles concerning reactions to aspartame products , " a trend in censorship with " ominous overtones . "
The options , Dr. Roberts says , are " generally limited to ' burying ' the findings in a small - circulation journal ( such as the bulletin of a county medical society ) , reporting the results as a letter to the editor , or ( unfortunately , most often ) discarding the project . "
98
Silence surrounds the most odious conspiracies .
FOOTNOTES :
" Sweet Talk , " Science and the Citizen column , ' Scientific American ' , July , 1987 , p. 15 .
" Adverse Effects of Aspartame - January ' 86 through December ' 90 , " Current Bibliography series , National Library of Medicine pamphlet , National Institutes of Health , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , 1991 .
" Pepsi Switches Sweeteners - Aspartame Winning Diet Cola Market , " ' Washington Post ' , November 2 , 1984 , p. A - 1 . Mae Brussell , World Watchers # 842 , KAZU -FM , Monterey , CA. , January 25 , 1988 .
' Moody 's Industrial Manual ' , 1975 , p 2606 .
G.D. Searle 's 1981 ' Annual Report ' .
Also , Arnold Foster and Benjamin R. Epstein , ' Cross - Currents ' , Doubleday & Co. ( New York : 1956 ) , p. 153 .
Nancy Lisagor and Frank Lipsius , 'A Law Unto Itself : The Untold Story of the Law Firm of Sullivan & Cromwell ' , William Morrow ( New York : 1988 ) , pp. 13738 , 163 .
John Marks , ' The Search for " The Manchurian Candidate " : The CIA and Mind Control ' , Times Books ( New York : 1979 ) , pp.58,67 & 212 .
Marks writes that incapacitating " large numbers of people fell to the Army Chemical Corps , which also tested LSD and even stronger hallucinogens .
The CIA concentrated on individuals . "
John Peer Nugent , ' White Night . - The Untold Story of What Happened Before - and Beyond - Jonestown ' , Rawson , Wade ( New York : 1979 ) , pp. 143 , 177 .
Michael Meiers , ' Was Jonestown a CIA Medical Experiment ?
A Review of the Evidence ' , Mellen House ( Lampeter , UK : 1988 ) p. 42 . Ibid. , p. 43 . Ibid. , pp. 42 -43 .
For a sanitized account of Dr. Layton 's career , see Min S. Yee and Thomas N. Layton , ' In My Father 's House : The Story of the Layton Family and the Reverend Jim Jones ' , Holt , Rinehart and Winston ( New York , 1981 ) .
National Council of the National Front of Democratic Germany and the Committee of Anti-Fascist Resistance Fighters of the German Democratic Republic , ' The Brown Book : War and Nazi Criminals in West Germany ' , Verlag Zeit im Bild , 1965 , pp. 33 - 34 .
Dan J. Forrestal , ' Faith , Hope & $ 5,000 : The Story of Monsanto ' , Simon and Schuster ( New York : 1977 ) , p. 159 .
' Brown Book ' , p. 34 .
Tom Bower , ' The Paperclip Conspiracy : The Hunt for the Nazi Scientists ' , Little , Brown & Co. ( Boston 1987 ) , pp. 93 , 95 .
Howard W. Ambruster , ' Treason 's Peace : German Dyes and American Dupes ' , Beechhurst Press ( New York : 1947 ) , p.144 Nigel West , ' MI6 : British Secret Intelligence Service Operations , 1909 - 1945 ' , Random House ( New York : 1983 ) , p.92 .
Jaques Attali , 'A Man of Influence : The Extraordinary Career of S. G. Warburg ' , Adler & Adler ( Bethesda , Maryland : 1987 ) , p. 167 .
Forrestal , p. 121 ff .
Anthony Cave Brown , ' The Last Hero , Wild Bill Donovan ' , Vintage ( New York : 1982 ) , pp. 210 , 211 .
Also : Ernst Hanfstangl , ' Unheard Witness ' , J.R. Lippincott ( New York : 1957 ) .
" Search for the Tiger 's Treasure , " ' Las Vegas Sun ' , December 26 , 1993 , p.1. ' Moody 's Industrial Manual ' , 1968 , p. 4080 .
" Radiation and the Guinea Pigs , " ' Guardian ' , March 3 , 1994 , p. 3 .
Also see , " Nuclear Scientists Irradiated People in Secret Research , " ' New York Times ' , December 17 , 1993 , p. Al. Christopher Simpson , ' Blowback : America 's Recruitment of Nazis and Its Effects On the Cold War ' , Wiedenfeld & Nicholson ( New York : 1988 ) , pp.26 , 152-53 .
Col .
Pash , a former high school gym teacher , was an officer of the Office of Policy coordination under Frank Wisner .
His unit , writes Simpson , " known as PB / 7 , was given a written charter that read in part that ' PB / 7 will be responsible for assassinations , kidnaping , and such other functions as from time to time may be given it ... by higher authority . "
Pash was a member of the Russian Orthodox Church , a veteran of the Russian Civil War .
Monsanto's Clinton Engineering Works in Oak Ridge became the Manhattan Project 's headquarters in 1943 , and was " manned almost entirely by experienced officers and agents of the CIC . "
See lan Sayer and Douglas Botting , ' America 's Secret Army : The Untold Story of the Counter intelligence Corps ' , Franklin Watts ( New York : 1989 ) , pp. 71 ff .,346 .
Robin Thomas Naylor , ' Hot Money and the Politics of Debt ' , Simon & Schuster ( New York , 1987 ) , p.289 .
" Statement from Adrian Gross , Former FDA Investigator and Scientist , " ' Congressional Record ' , August 1 , 1985 , p. S10835 .
Florence Graves , " How Safe is Your Diet Soft Drink ? " ' Common Cause ' , July / August , 1984 .
Ibid .
" FDA Finding on Aspartame , " ' New York Times ' , January 14,1984 , p. 28 .
Article in Medical World News , 1978 , cited in I .N. Love " NutraSweet Is n't that Sweet , " ' Gentle Strength Times ' , October 1987 , p. 3 . " Dick Wurtman 's Ideas Are n't So Crazy After All , " ' Business Week ' , December 14 , 1992 , p. 60 .
" A Sour View of Aspartame , " ' San Francisco Chronicle ' , August 25 , 1987 .
" Amendment No. 60 " ( debate ) , ' Congressional Record ' , May 7 , l985 , p. S5516 .
" Lobbyist 's Cozy Ties with Ex-Boss Sen. Hatch Include Client Referrals , Political Fund - Raising , " ' Wall Street Journal ' , February 18 , 1993 .
Eli Lilly contributed $ 17,500 to Hatch 's campaign chest between 1985 and 1988 .
Sen .
Hatch filed a of friend - of - the - court brief on behalf of Eli Lilly in a 1989 patent case .
Other pharmaceutical houses enjoy his political favors .
Lobbyist Thomas Parry remains a key adviser to Sen .
Hatch :- " Nobody gets better care than his former chief of staff , " reports the ' Journal ' .
Ibid .
Jane E. Brody , " Sweetener Worries Some Scientists , " ' Science Times ' , February 5 , 1985 .
' Who 's Who in Industry and Finance ' , 97th ed. , Macmillian ( Wilmette , IL . ) p. 583 .
" Food and Drug Administration Food Additive Approval Process Followed for Aspartame , " GAO Report B223552 , June 18,1987 .
" GAO Investigating NutraSweet Approval , " UPI , reprinted in ' Congressional Record ' , August 1 , 1985 , p. S10823 .
Graves .
" Head of FDA Tested Drugs on Volunteers , " ' Washington Post ' , June 26 , 1983 , p. A4 .
Austin H. Kiplinger , ' Washington Now ' , Harper & Row ( New York : 1975 ) , pp. 36 - 37 .
Daniel Guttman and Barry Willner , ' The Shadow Government : The Government 's Multimillion Dollar Giveaway of its Decision - Making Powers to Private Management Consultants , '' Experts , " and Think Tanks ' , Pantheon , ( New York : 1989 ) , p.173 .
Bruce Oudes , ed. , ' From : The President - Richard Nixon 's Secret Files ' , Harper & Row ( New York : 1989 ) , p. 173 .
James A Smith , ' The Idea Brokers : Think Tanks and the Rise of the New Policy Elite ' , Free Press ( New York : 1991 ) , p.282 .
Sterling Seagrave , ' Yellow Rain : A Journey Through The Terror of Chemical Warfare ' , M. Evans and Co. ( New York : 1981 ) , pp. 258 " After a meeting with President Nixon , Representative Gerald Ford attacks politicians who criticize the Pentagon CBW efforts , saying the critics seem to favor ' unilateral disarmament . " '
Christopher Palmeri , " Act Three , " ' Forbes ' , October 26 , 1992 , p. 88 " Westmark Systems Expands Board , Hires 3 New Vice Presidents , " ' Wall Street Journal ' , February 11,1988 , p.33 .
Graves .
Ibid .
" Hon. Samuel K. Skinner , " ' Congressional Record ' , Congressional Printing Office , Washington , D.C. , August 1 , 1985 , pp. S10827 , S10835 .
Graves .
' Congressional Record ' , August 1,1985 , p. S10823 .
Graves .
" Critics Cause Bush Cabinet Search to Stumble , " ' Los Angeles Times ' , December 22,1988 .
Herman Rogan , ' Traditions and Challenges : The Story of Sidley & Austin ' , R.R. Donelly & Sons ( Chicago : 1983 ) , p.266 .
' Who 's Who in America ' , 48th ed. , 1994 .
Ibid .
" Deukmejian Thrives in Private Life , Law Work , " ' Los Angeles Times ' , January 3 , 1992 , p. Al. " Chicago Law Firm Agrees to Pay Up to $ 34 Million in Lincoln S&L Case , " ' Los Angeles Times ' , May 21 , 1991 , p. D5 ; and " Sidley & Austin RTC Said to Reach Pact , " ' Wall Street Journal ' , October 31 , 1991 , p. B4 .
The basis of the suit was a memo written on May 10 , 1988 by Margery Waxman , a partner in Sidley & Austin 's Washington office , to Charles Keating .
In it , she said " pressure " had been applied to M. Danny Wall , then chairman of the Home Loan Bank Board , " to work toward meeting your demands and he has so instructed his staff . "
" Suit Accuses 7 Drug Makers of Price - Fixing , " ' Los Angeles Times ' , October 15 , 1993 , p. Dl .
Other pharmaceutical houses accused of conspiring to fix prescription drug prices included Smith - Kline - Beecham , Ciba - Geigy Corp. , American Home Products , Schering - Plough and Glaxo .
Ida Honorof , " FDA Coverup of Hazards of Nutra - Sweet , " ' Report to Consumers ' , Vol. XVIII , No.401 , December , 1987 .
Also , " Two Ex- U.S. Prosecutors ' Roles in Case Against Searle are Questioned in Probe , " ' Wall Street Journal ' , February 7,1986 , p. 4 .
Ironically , William Conlon won an appointment to the Illinois State Board of Ethics in 1982 ( Kogan , p.359 ) .
Graves .
' Los Angeles Times ' , December 22 , 1988 .
" Sam Skinner : A Pragmatist in a Storm , " ' Wall Street Journal ' , December 6 , 1991 .
" Samuel Knox Skinner , " ' New York Times ' , December 23 , 1988 .
Graves .
" Statement from Adrian Gross , Former FDA Investigator and Scientist , " ' Congressional Record ' , August 1 , 1985 , p. S10835 .
' Congressional Record ' , August 1 , 1985 , p. S 10831 , and " Statements from Adrian Gross , " p. S10838 .
" FDA Handling of Research on NutraSweet is Defended , " ' New York Times ' , July 18 , 1987 , p. 50 H.J. Roberts , M.D. , 'Aspartame ( NutraSweet ) : Is it Safe ? ' , Charles Press ( Philadelphia : 1990 ) , p. 10 . ' Congressional Record ' , August 1 , 1985 , p. S108 - 28 .
Ibid. , p. S108 - 34 .
Ibid .
Graves .
" Sweet Suspicions , " three - part CBS Nightly News series , January 1984 .
Transcript reprinted in the ' Congressional Record ' , August 1 , 1985 , p. S108 - 26 .
Ibid .
Raymond Bonner , " Searle Stock Query Held ' Smokescreen , " ' ' New York Times ' , February 29 , 1984 , p. D5 William Safire , " Sweet and Sour , " ' New York Times ' , June 1 , 1984 , p. A31 .
Louis Wolf , " Accuracy in Media Rewrites the News and History , " ' Covert Action Information Bulletin ' , Number 21 ( Spring 1984 ) , pp. 24-37 .
I.N. Love , " NutraSweet Is n't that ' Sweet , " ' in ' Gentle Strength Times ' , October 1987 , p.3 . Graves .
" Complaints on Aspartame Lead to Nationwide Investigation , " ' Los Angeles Times ' , July 5 , 1984 , p. Hl . " Federal Agency Sees Little Risk in Sweetener , " ' New York Times ' , November 2 , 1984 , p. A22 .
' Los Angeles Times ' , July 5 , 1984 .
' New York Times ' , November 2 , 1984 .
" U.S. Study of Aspartame Finds no Serious Effects , " ' Washington Post ' , November 2 , 1984 , p. A18 " Pepsi Switches Sweeteners , " ' Washington Post ' , November 2 , 1984 , p. AI .
" Most Scientists in Poll Doubt NutraSweet 's Safety , " ' Washington Post ' , August 17 , 1987 , p. A23 .
Roberts , p. 238 . ' Congressional Report ' , May 7 , 1987 , p. S5500 .
" New Findings Back Use of Sweetener , " ' New York Times ' , August 1987 , p. 30 .
" Researchers Differ Over Long Range Effects of Sweetener , " ' Los Angeles Times ' , November 3 , 1988 , p. Hl. Roberts , p. 244 . Roberts , p. 248 . " High Court Rejects Sweetener Review , " ' Washington Post ' , April 23 , 1986 , p. C. Roberts , p. 246-47 .
http://www.nancymarkle.com/nutrapoison/article.html
Nearly a third of Texans believe humans and dinosaurs roamed the earth at the same time , and more than half disagree with the theory that humans developed from earlier species of animals , according to the University of Texas / Texas Tribune Poll .
The differences in beliefs about evolution and the length of time that living things have existed on earth are reflected in the political and religious preference of our respondents , who were asked four questions about biological history and God :
• 38 percent said human beings developed over millions of years with God guiding the process and another 12 percent said that development happened without God having any part of the process .
Another 38 percent agreed with the statement " God created human beings pretty much in their present form about 10,000 years ago . "
• Asked about the origin and development of life on earth without injecting humans into the discussion , and 53 percent said it evolved over time , " with a guiding hand from God . "
They were joined by 15 percent who agreed on the evolution part , but " with no guidance from God . "
About a fifth — 22 percent — said life has existed in its present form since the beginning of time .
• Most of the Texans in the survey — 51 percent — disagree with the statement , " human beings , as we know them today , developed from earlier species of animals . "
Thirty - five percent agreed with that statement , and 15 percent said they do n't know .
• Did humans live at the same time as the dinosaurs ?
Three in ten Texas voters agree with that statement ; 41 percent disagree , and 30 percent do n't know .
The questions were devised by David Prindle , a University of Texas government professor who authored a book called Stephen Jay Gould and the Politics of Evolution , about the late evolutionary biologist .
" The end in mind … is to establish the relationships , not just to get raw public opinion , " he says .
" We can do some fancy statistical stuff . …
Is it religion driving politics or is politics driving religion ?
My hypothesis is that religious views drive politics . "
The most common religious denominations in the survey were Catholic and Baptist , with 20 percent each , followed by nondenominational Christians , at 10 percent , and Methodists , at 6 percent .
Eight percent chose " spiritual but not religious , " and 7 percent chose " other . "
Only 6 percent identified themselves as atheist or agnostic .
An overwhelming majority said their religious beliefs were extremely important ( 52 percent ) or somewhat important ( 30 percent ) .
Only 35 percent go to church once a week or more ; 52 percent said they go once or twice a year ( 29 percent ) or never ( 23 percent ) .
Church attendance is n't much different among Republicans and Democrats in the poll , though Republicans who do go to church say they go more often .
More than half of the Democrats — 51 percent — go to church " never " or " once or twice a year . "
That 's true of 45 percent of the Republicans in the poll .
Forty - two percent of Republicans say they attend church at least once a week , compared to 35 percent of Democrats .
Democrats ( 28 percent ) are less likely than Republicans ( 47 percent ) to think that humans have always existed in their present form and more likely ( 21 percent to 7 percent ) to think humans have developed over millions of years without God 's guidance .
About the same percentages of Democrats and Republicans ( 40 and 36 percent , respectively ) believe that evolution took place over time with God 's guidance .
Democrat Bill
White 's voters were the most likely to believe in evolution without a divine hand ( 33 percent ) ; on the Republican side , by comparison , only 6 percent of Rick Perry 's supporters were in that category .
Has life on earth always existed in its present form ?
Republicans are more likely to agree ( 29 percent ) than Democrats ( 16 percent ) .
They 're less likely to believe that life evolved over time with no guidance from God ( 8 percent to 24 percent ) .
Democrats are slightly less inclined to believe in evolution with a " guiding hand from God " ( 50 percent to 55 percent ) .
Republicans are less likely to believe that humans developed from earlier species of animals ; 26 percent agree , while 60 percent disagree .
Among Democrats in the survey , 46 percent agree that humans evolved from earlier species ; 42 percent disagree .
Perry 's voters were most hostile to this premise — 67 percent disagree .
About the same numbers of Democrats and Republicans — 43 percent — disagree with the idea that dinosaurs and humans lived on the planet at the same time .
Republicans were slightly more likely to agree with the idea ( 31 percent to 27 percent ) .
Perry had more voters in each group on the GOP side , but Kay Bailey Hutchison had the largest share of voters who believe in that coexistence .
Prindle says the results recall a line from comedian Lewis Black .
" He did a standup routine a few years back in which he said that a significant proportion of the American people think that the ' The Flintstones ' is a documentary , " Prindle says .
" Turns out he was right .
Thirty percent of Texans agree that humans and dinosaurs lived on the earth at the same time . "
rkinet schrieb :
Wer ein ' BE ' kauft und dann vor lauter Angst nicht 0,2 GHz mehr einstellt dem ist nicht zu helfen .
Das ändert aber an der Modellpolitik nichts .
Wer ein ' BE ' kauft und dann vor lauter Angst nicht 0,2 GHz mehr einstellt dem ist nicht zu helfen .
Zum Vergrößern anklicken ....
rkinet schrieb : ...
Der jetzige K10.5 hat per OC - Potential das was AMD im Rahmen der Preisentwicklung Stück für Stück offiziell noch nachschieben wird .
Für OC - Freaks ist aber ein Deneb von heute nicht viel schlechter als einer von Ende 2009 .
... Zum Vergrößern anklicken ....
rkinet schrieb : ...
AMD hat den Phenom II 8xx , der da locker mithalten wird bei interessanten Preisen .
Der Core i5 wird zwar Mitte / Ende 2009 im Handel sein , aber Mainstream wird noch lange LGA775 sein .
Ein kleiner Core i7 mit 3 * 2 GByte DDR3 - RAM ist zügiger als ein Core i5 mit 2 * 2 GByte RAM und günstiger als bei 4 * 2 GByte DRAM im Einkauf .
Für 32 Bit Vista ist LGA775 völlig ok , für 64 Bit aber der Core i7 ab 6 GByte DDR3 .
2010 bringt der Westmere etwas mehr Core i7 Power , während bei AMD mehr Beständigkeit wohl kommt ....
... Zum Vergrößern anklicken ....
rkinet schrieb : ...
Nur , für Games sind eh dann die 40nm GPUs Trumpf - das bisschen mehr CPU - Leistung haut da nicht rein ,
Und wenn dort erst die 24 '' LCDs Standard sind ist eh die GPU das wichtigste .
... Zum Vergrößern anklicken ....
.
EDIT :
.
hot schrieb :
Sicher gibts noch ne Rev.D die Ende diesen oder Anfang nächstens Jahres den Markt erreichen wird , mit SSE5 6 Kernen und 1MiB L2 pro Kern klingt für mich wahrscheinlich .
... .... Sicher gibts noch ne Rev.D die Ende diesen oder Anfang nächstens Jahres den Markt erreichen wird , mit SSE5 6 Kernen und 1MiB L2 pro Kern klingt für mich wahrscheinlich ...
Zum Vergrößern anklicken ....
hot schrieb : ....
Bisher herrscht ja auf den Roadmaps gähnende Leere nach Q3 , aber das bleibt garantiert nicht so .
währenddessen kann ( und wird m Mn ) der Deneb bis 3,6GHz hochgehen vom Takt her , das ist a. ) vom Namensschema und b. ) vom
Takt her sicherlich drin .
.... Zum Vergrößern anklicken ....
.
EDIT :
.
S.I. schrieb : ....
persönliches Fazit des Ganzen :
mit einem 940er @ 3,33
Ghz oder spätestens 3,4 rum hat man noch sicher ein halbes Jahr " Vorsprung " vor allen evt. kommenden Versionen des DENEB .
Was den Istanbul betrifft ebenso , da ich mir kaum vorstellen kann das dieses Jahr noch einer mit um 6x3GHz auf den Markt kommen wird , eher bei um 6 x 2,7 im Anfang , dann 2,8 usw .
...
[ das Thema Softwareunterstützung mal herausgenommen ]
sodass der 940er auch in AM2 + sicher noch eine gute Standzeit hat und auch für die nächsten Anwendungen reichlich Potential und Mithaltevermögen bei günstigem Preis / LV ... Zum Vergrößern anklicken ....
Wie gesagt , dass macht nur der geneigte User - aber das passiert nicht mit Prozessoren in Businessrechnern / in den Workstations .
Da muessen garantierte Werte hier : max .
TDP , genauer Takt , Volt etc um Kuehlung und ein kostenoptimiertes System zu gewaehrleisten ... Eben fuer den Overclocker ( dem spielen ja die BE Editionen sowieso direkt in die Haende ... aber gab es nicht mal eine Zeit .. da gab es einen ' f ' esten Multiplikator ' gar nicht bei CPUs..oder ?. ) aber das ist nur - eine imagetraechtige aber kleine , sehr kleine Gemeinde ...
Ob der i5 gegenueber dem i7 auf dem Desktop so viel Leistung durch seine zweikanalige Speicheranbindung verliert , glaube ich gar nicht - auf dem Desktop .
Sicher reicht der X3 Deneb fuer viele Anwendungen , aber ob man damit gegen Intel bestehen kann , will ich mal bezweifeln ... Auch wird man damit manche Intel Dual Cores im Zaume halten - aber man bedenke , dass das in der Regel zu Produktionskosten eines QuadCores passiert ... AMD muss doch vermeiden , dass man derwieder auf das jetzige Niveau faellt - denn damit kann AMD nicht ueberleben - dazu braucht man etwas , dass das Preisgefuege nach oben etwas Luft gibt .... und das kann man nur wenn man in etwa mit TOP Mainstream mithalten kann ... im Moment klappt es ja..
Wenn Intel den i7 / Westmere deutlich im Preis senkt - dann sieht es fuer AMD wieder deutlich dunkler aus ... denn da sehe ich im Moment nichts und mittelfristig auch nicht viel was sie dagegen setzen ausser einen ruinoesen Preiskampf ... Aber ich denke nicht , dass Intel das tun wird - aber wenn der i5 in 2009 kommt oder spaetestens der Westmere in 2010 , kann das durchaus passieren .... und bislang ist nichts bekannt , was mach dem Ph2 940@3
Ghz kommt - selbst der AM3 verharrt vorerst bei nur 2,8 Ghz ... Kann es ein@3,4 + Ghz Deneb ( oder ' 2,7 Ghz Instanbul ' ) bis Ende 2010 allein richten ?
( Ich glaube nicht an einen 6 Core fuer den Desktopbereich in den naechsten 18 Monaten ... )
Ob die GPUs das wichtigste werden , kann ich nicht sagen - aber hier liegt vielleicht eine Chance von AMD .
Einezwischen GPU und CPU ... bei der GPU ist Intel noch schlechter besetzt ... aber was da kommen soll ist noch unbekannt und ob OpenCL es dann reissen wird , ist noch mehr als fraglich ... Fuerwird es auf jeden
Fall nicht mehr reichen oder man haette da schon etwas Konkretes vernehmen muessen ... oder ?
Irgendwie will ich nicht an 6 Cores fuer den Desktops in den naechsten beiden Jahren glauben .
Abgesehen von einigen Anwendungen werden noch nicht viel Software sie alle nutzen koennen .
Da kommen sich dann eher TDP und der Takt ins Gehege , so dass im normalen Umfeld ein Quad meist besser sein koennte - da weniger hoeherer Takt bei gleicher TDP ... oder man versucht die Kerne alle unterschiedlich zu takten ( das ging ja beim Ph1 etwas schief ... ) .
Genau diese Leere macht mir Sorgen ... AMD hat doch gelobt ein verlaesslicher Partner der Industrie zu sein - also mueesten die Plaene fuer 2010 oder Produkte / Revisionen schon angedacht / diskutiert worden sein ... aber bis2010 steht da nur der Deneb neben dem Propus auf dem Plan ... Ja , genau .. dieses
Jahr ist fuer AMD ' gesichert ' - aber dann kommt nicht soviel und an einen 6
Core fuer den Desktop in 2009 will ich irgendwie nicht glauben ( auf jeden Fall kein Massenmarkt ) .
Laufen die Prototypen denn schon vom Band ?
All in all : Imvon AMD - oder skaliert der Deneb noch bis 4
Ghz bei einer TDP von max 140 Watt !?
Oder gibt es ein TDP Wunder Istanbul ?
Oder gar Propus ?
Moeglich ist es..aber .. ich hoffe , dass da noch etwas anderes kommt ...
Es gibt ja jetzt schon beinahe einen 2,8 Ghz fuer gute 200 Euro ... in wenigen Monaten wird er die 200 Euro durchbrechen ...
Falls die AM3 Prozessoren aehnlich gepreist werden , muessen sie sich alle darunter einordnen .. das wird wieder eng ... sprich alle 7 Euro ein oder zwei AMD Prozessoren im Bereich zwischen 80 und 200 Euro ....
I would ask all that are reading this to consider the implications -- both long - and short - term -- that this will have upon the Obama administration , and the 2010 midterms .
IMHO , the likelihood of what Johnson is foretelling us is about to occur in Europe is very high .
The political fallout Democrats -- not to mention our entire country -- are already paying for these inevitable outcomes is totally unacceptable , and on many levels .
# # #
Around 8:50 PM on Sunday night , I posted a diary entitled , " First Greece ; Now Spanish Intelligence Opens Wall St. Probe . "
( Not linking to it , since it'd be " pimping " of a live diary . )
In it , I talked about how the Spanish Intelligence Agency is investigating " ... the speculative attacks on financial markets against Spain . "
I also noted how the Spanish government actually knows exactly where their investigation 's heading .
That 's due to a story that appeared on Zero Hedge , just five days ago .
Yes , Spanish intelligence authorities need look no further than a Zero Hedge story from Tuesday , February 9th , for a great deal of assistance in their new investigation ( which is , in large part , taken from another Spanish publication ) : " First Greece , Now Spain : Moore Capital , Brevan Howard , Paulson As Well As JPM And Goldman Implicated In Spanish CDS Rout . "
First Greece , Now Spain : Moore Capital , Brevan Howard , Paulson As Well As JPM And Goldman Implicated In Spanish CDS Rout
Submitted by Tyler Durden on 02/09/2010 09:47 - 0500
Yesterday we reported on " concerted hedge fund attacks " rumors involving Greece .
Today , via Alphaville , it appears that the mysterious hedge fund cabal strikes again , this time in Spain , and , more relevantly , this time there are names associated .
If indeed these are the actors set on setting the world ablaze , they are more than likely the same ones who are involved in Greece , Portugal , Dubai , and elsewhere .
Presenting : Moore Capital , Brevan Howard and Paulson & Co ... Oh and JP Morgan and , ahem , Goldman Sachs .
From Cotizalia ( obviously this is a Google translation for the sake of time ) .
Development Minister and deputy secretary general of the PSOE , José Blanco , said yesterday that the sharp drop in the Spanish stock market last week was due to " attack " of financial speculators , who were " somewhat murky maneuvers " to punish the euro and weaker economies in the euro
But who are these ' speculators ' evil to which he referred to the minister of development ?
What are their names ?
How much money managed ?
For the trading desks of major international brokers have sounded in recent sessions Brevan Howard , Moore Capital and Paulson & Co , among others , Hegde funds that manage more than 500,000 million and are among the top ten .
The total figure is nearly double industry .
" There have been specific macro hedge funds , which are taking positions against the euro and against the CDS ( insurance coverage of non-payment ) of Spain , " said a broker from abroad that term around 7 % of the daily volume of the Spanish stock exchange .
" When these guys are short against someone , there is nothing to do .
Already suffer from investment banks in late 2008 when institutions like Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley saw their CDS exceeded the benchmark of 2,000 points .
Among others who have been short are the hedge funds at Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan , according to financial sources say ...
As I also covered it this past Tuesday , IMHO , the reality is that Wall Street 's historical greed has -- to a great extent -- undermined much of the goodwill our new President has worked to developed in his first year in office .
( I covered this developing story , last Tuesday , right here : " Does Wall Street Now Openly Control U.S. Foreign Policy , Too ? " )
TRUTH AND CONSEQUENCES ...
Now , tonight ( about an hour after I posted my previous diary , a few hours ago ) , highly - respected economist Simon Johnson is telling us -- for all intents and purposes - - it 's too late ...
" Goldman Goes Rogue - Special European Audit To Follow "
Simon Johnson
Baseline Scenario
February 14 , 2010 ... We now learn - from Der Spiegel last week and today 's NYT - that Goldman Sachs has not only helped or encouraged some European governments to hide a large part of their debts , but it also endeavored to do so for Greece as recently as last November .
These actions are fundamentally destabilizing to the global financial system , as they undermine : the eurozone area ; all attempts to bring greater transparency to government accounting ; and the most basic principles that underlie well - functioning markets .
When the data are all lies , the outcomes are all bad - see the subprime mortgage crisis for further detail .
A single rogue trader can bring down a bank - remember the case of Barings .
But a single rogue bank can bring down the world 's financial system .
Goldman will dismiss this as " business as usual " and , to be sure , a few phone calls around Washington will help ensure that Goldman 's primary supervisor - now the Fed - looks the other way .
But the affair is now out of Ben Bernanke 's hands , and quite far from people who are easily swayed by the White House .
It goes immediately to the European Commission , which has jurisdiction over eurozone budget issues .
Faced with enormous pressure from those eurozone countries now on the hook for saving Greece , the Commission will surely launch a special audit of Goldman and all its European clients ...
Johnson continues on to tell us : " ... Goldman will probably be blacklisted from working with Eurozone governments for the foreseeable future ... Goldman may be on its way to be banned from some government securities markets altogether . "
In closing , Johnson conveys the reality that there is a fundamental question now facing the US government : " ... For how long does it wish to be intimately associated with Goldman Sachs and this kind of destabilizing action ?
What is the priority here - a sustainable recovery and a viable financial system , or one particular set of investment bankers ? "
If our government does n't put a real saddle on Wall Street , others will see to it that all Americans will pay the price .
In fact , we already are .
Our government 's failure to either break - up and / or put a saddle - - not continuing to engage in ongoing kabuki -- on firms like Goldman - Sachs is quickly morphing into the biggest travesty in the history of this country .
And , the saddest thing about it all is that it 's taking people outside of the U.S. to make our own government do the right thing ... maybe ... if we 're real lucky .
# # #
( h/t to Kossack Kristina40 )
UPDATE ( This appeared on Bloomberg about 90 minutes ago ) : " EU Seeks Greek Swaps Disclosure After Ministry Probe ( Update1 ) "
Here is an interesting pair of articles , one on California the other on boomers postponing retirement for financial reasons .
In California , it 's no surprise that economists are surprised at just how bad things are .
Please consider California job losses grow .
" The economy was a lot worse than everybody thought , " said Howard Roth , chief economist with the state 's Department of Finance .
" The job market is weaker than we figured . "
It appears California lost 871,000 jobs in 2009 , suggests an estimate provided by the state Employment Development Department .
" This is the worst recession for California since the Great Depression , " said Brad Kemp , director of regional research with Beacon Economics .
If those estimates hold up when final revisions are released this month , the actual job losses in the state would be far more grim than first believed .
In the initial EDD estimate , released Jan. 22 , the EDD reported California employers chopped 579,000 jobs from payrolls in 2009 .
" We will have a really big downward revision , " Roth said .
That would translate into an 292,000 more jobs that were lost , on top of the prior losses .
Seven In Ten Boomers Put Off Retirement For Financial Reasons
The economy continues to change the retirement timeline for many mature workers , leaving them with tough decisions about their futures .
More than seven - in - ten ( 72 percent ) workers over the age of 60 who said they are putting off their retirement are doing so because they can't afford to retire financially , according to a new survey by CareerBuilder .
When comparing genders , the survey found that three - quarters ( 76 percent ) of female workers over the age of 60 who said they are putting off retirement are doing so because they can't afford it , while 68 percent of males said the same .
More Than Seven - in - Ten Workers Age 60 +
Are Putting Off Retirement Due to Financial Restraints , According to a New CareerBuilder Survey
What Are The Implications ?
Implications
The labor pool participation rate will stay elevated instead of contracting as much as one might have thought .
In turn ...
The unemployment rate will stay elevated longer than economists think .
Kids out of college will have a harder time finding jobs .
Kids out of college will be forced to move back in with their parents .
Kids out of college will have no way of paying back college loans .
Parents who co-signed for their kids education will come to regret it .
The above factors will pressure discretionary spending of both boomers and those just out of college .
Those out of college will postpone family building .
Postponement of family building will further pressure housing prices .
Bankruptcies , foreclosures , credit card defaults , and walk - aways will continue longer than economists think .
JERUSALEM : The Israeli Prime Minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , returned to Israel last night after an apparently disastrous meeting with the US President , Barack Obama , in Washington .
According to leaked accounts reported in the Israeli media , Mr Obama humiliated Mr Netanyahu by leaving the meeting early .
''I 'm going to the residential wing to have dinner with Michelle and the girls , '' Mr Obama reportedly said , adding that Mr Netanyahu should consult his aides about goodwill gestures Israel was prepared to make towards the Palestinians before renewed peace talks .
''' I 'm still around , '' he said .
'' Let me know if there is anything new . ''
The talks were shrouded in an unusual news blackout , with no statement issued after the meeting and no official photographs released .
US officials said the two met alone for about 90 minutes .
Mr Netanyahu then huddled with staff separately for 90 minutes before requesting a second meeting with Mr Obama .
When the President returned , Mr Netanyahu is said to have made a counter - offer which Mr Obama did not accept .
previous entry | main | next entry
Death To Skeptics
And this death to skeptics is not just an artifact of history .
We hear those calls even today .
A public appeal has been issued by an influential U.S. website asking : " At what point do we jail or execute global warming deniers . "
The appeal appeared on Talking Points Memo , an often cited website that helps set the agenda for the political Left in the U.S.
The anonymous posting , dated June 2 , 2009 , referred to dissenters of man-made global warming fears as " greedy bastards " who use " bogus science or the lowest scientists in the gene pool " to " distort data . "
The Talking Points Memo article continues : " So when the right wing fucktards have caused it to be too late to fix the problem , and we start seeing the devastating consequences and we start seeing end of the World type events - how will we punish those responsible .
It will be too late .
So should n't we start punishing them now ? "
James Hansen proposes shutting down
The heads of major fossil - fuel companies who spread disinformation about global warming should be " tried for high crimes against humanity and nature , " according to a leading climate scientist .
And what about the industrial strength skeptics ?
Trials , Grist Magazine 's staff writer David Roberts called for the Nuremberg - style trials for the " bastards " who were members of what he termed the global warming " denial industry . "
Roberts wrote in the online publication on September 19 , 2006 , " When we 've finally gotten serious about global warming , when the impacts are really hitting us and we 're in a full worldwide scramble to minimize the damage , we should have war crimes trials for these bastards -- some sort of climate Nuremberg . "
Well sign me up for a trial .
I 'm a skeptic and Jewish .
A twofer .
James Hansen proposes shutting down death factories .
What he means is coal fired power plants .
I wonder if the warmists plan to open real death factories in their stead ?
Not exactly .
The warmists like Hansen are humane .
Just like witches , skeptics should not be put to death without a trial And what about the industrial strength skeptics ?
Trials , then death
Well sign me up for a trial .
I 'm a skeptic and Jewish .
A twofer .
And of course once we have cleaned out America we will need to have a war with China .
Those guys are building a coal fired power plant every week .
Damn planet wreckers .
Cross Posted at Power and Control Welcome Instapundit readers .
Amazon has pages of books about Climate Faith and Climate Theology .
Most of them credulous .
posted by Simon on 01.07.10 at 01:51 PM
Comments
When it 's impossible to extend core classes , there 's no choice but to write a whole bunch of classes with names like StringUtil to house your utility methods .
Every namespace winds up having at least one StringUtil class , and it gets really ugly .
In ruby , it 's possible to add methods to absolutely any class including String , Integer and other core classes .
Rather than calling StringUtil.pluralize ( " monkey " ) , you call " monkey " .
pluralize .
The technique is known as monkey - patching .
Compared to utility classes , it 's a hell of a lot more convenient , and it reads better .
But , monkey - patching is n't without flaw .
When you add a method to String , you add it to everybody 's String .
You 're polluting a global namespace .
A lot of rubyists will tell you that in practice , monkey - patching related namespace pollution is n't a problem , and they 're mostly right .
But , sometimes , they 're wrong .
The json gem does n't work properly with activesupport , for example .
That 's a real problem that gives me real headaches on a daily basis .
In his CUSEC talk , and follow - up blog post , Reg Braithwaite raises the issue that monkey - patching Integer to add duration methods ( like 1.hour or 1.day ) is a violation of single responsibility principle .
He goes on to justify monkey - patching somewhat :
A Ruby program with extensive metaprogramming is a meta - program that writes a target program .
The target program may have classes that groan under the weight of monkey patches and cross-cutting concerns .
But the meta - program might be divided up into small , clean entities that each have a single responsibility ...
In effect , the target program 's classes and methods have many responsibilities , but they are assembled by the meta - program from smaller modules that each have a single responsibility .
I think this is a mostly adequate justification for violating SRP .
But , needing such an in depth justification at all feels wrong .
There must be a better way .
It turns out there is , in scala at least , in the form of something called implicits .
Implicits are a way to tell the scala compiler how to convert from one type to another in the event that a method is needed from the second type .
Implicits can be definted at ( or imported in to ) arbitrary scope , and their effects are entirely localized .
In fact , they do n't do anything at all unless they 're needed .
So , let 's say we wanted to add a k - combinator type method ( like ruby 's Object#tap ) to all scala objects .
First , we need a class that implements the tap method in a way that can be applied to any type .
class Tapper [ A ]( tapMe : A ) { def tap ( f : ( A ) =>
Unit ) : A = { f( tapMe ) tapMe } }
This class has one method that taps the object supplied to the class 's constructor .
The details of its implementation are interesting , but unimportant here .
This REPL session should explain everything :
scala > val tapper = new Tapper ( " hello ! " ) tapper : Tapper [ java .
lang .
String ] = Tapper @ 5e53 bbfa scala > tapper . tap { s => println ( s ) } hello !
res0 : java .
lang .
String = hello !
Now we need to get objects responding to #tap .
We do that by defining an implicit .
object Tap { implicit def any2 Tapper [ A ]( toTap : A ) : Tapper [ A ] = new Tapper ( toTap ) }
We wrap the implicit 's definition in an object , which is scala for singleton .
Those methods can then be imported in to arbitrary scope using the import statement .
This REPL session should make everything clear :
scala > " hello ! " . tap { s => println ( s ) } < console > : 5 : error : value tap is not a member of java .
lang .
String " hello ! " . tap { s => println ( s ) } ^ scala > import Tap ._ import Tap ._ scala > " hello ! " . tap { s => println ( s ) } hello !
res2 : java .
lang .
String = hello !
This Tapper certainly does n't violate SRP .
The addition of the #tap method to all Objects is localized and does n't affect other running code .
Libraries your code depends on can implement their own tap method without collision .
In the end , Reg 's argument about meta - programming might still apply here .
But , if it does , the kind of meta - programming introduced by implicits is limited in scope and prevents the kind of global namespace pollution that can bite you in the ass in ruby .
And the resulting code does n't have to violate SRP .
In practice , I 've found scala 's implicits a lot more pleasant to work with than ruby 's monkey patching .
They 're more explicit which provides additional clarity without sacrificing much in the way of terseness .
Like anything else , scala is n't a perfect language , but implicit type conversions are a really elegant solution to an ugly problem .
The Septuagint versus the Masoretic
The English version of the Septuagint text , Sir Lancelot C. L. Brenton
compared to the English version of the Masoretic text in the King James translation
Comparing the Septuagint and King James Bibles
The chapter by chapter and verse by verse format uses the Brenton English portion of the Septuagint text and the King James Masoretic text .
Proverbs 16 , 27 , 28 , 29 , 30 , 31 and Jeremias ( Jeremiah ) chapter 26 are in a different order in Brenton ’s translation .
These are switched around for comparison to the KJV .
The order of the Brenton text can be seen at the main LXX section of this web site .
The Apocrypha is not included in this comparison as it is not in the modern day printing of the King James and deemed uninspired by Protestant leaders .
Although , you will find that all English Protestant ( including the King James ) Bibles included the so called Apocryphal books before the early 1820's .
For some reason these books were removed in all the later printing .
Read the Historical Account of the Septuagint Version written by Brenton .
An insight into his work of translating the LXX text .
Read the Translators preface to the King James Version of 1611 .
An insight into their work of translation the King James Authorized Bible version .
Mullah Baradar , the Taliban 's powerful second in command , has been captured in the Pakistani city of Karachi , senior US officials have confirmed .
The detention of Abdul Ghani Baradar is the most significant breakthrough in many years of the US - led hunt for the Taliban 's leaders , and comes as Nato forces continue to advance into Taliban - held areas in the southern Afghan province of Helmand .
Baradar was seized in a secret joint operation by Pakistani and US intelligence forces , according to US government officials quoted in the New York Times .
Mullah Baradar has been in Pakistani custody for several days , with US and Pakistani intelligence officials both taking part in interrogations , according to the officials .
Though Barack Obama has banned US agencies from using forms of torture such as waterboarding , Pakistani questioning techniques are frequently brutal .
US officials later confirmed the report of Baradar 's capture to the Associated Press news agency .
Baradar is believed to have been born in the central Afghan province of Oruzgan .
He is the most trusted lieutenant of Mullah Mohammed Omar , the supreme leader of the Taliban , and has been ultimately responsible for the execution of the insurgents ' military and political strategy since being appointed to the position in 2002 .
He is , in effect , chairman of the so - called Quetta Shura – the leadership council of the Taliban , named after the south - western Pakistani city near or in which it is thought to be based – and is known to be close to Osama bin Laden .
That his capture appears to have occurred in Karachi underlines the degree to which senior Afghan militants have used Pakistan as a secure base for their operations , but may also signal a very significant change in attitude on the part of the Pakistani army towards the hardline Afghan Islamist militant movement .
The Pakistani security establishment 's ambivalent attitude towards the Taliban has been repeatedly cited as a major cause of the problems that have beset the western intervention in Afghanistan since then fall of the Taliban regime in December 2001 .
Baradar , reported to be aged between 41 and 48 , may have been forced to flee more secure hiding places alongside the Afghan - Pakistani frontier by the repeated and increasingly effective strikes by unmanned drones .
Karachi , a metropolis of 14 million people , was where key 9/11 conspirator Ramzi bin al - Shibh was seized in September 2002 .
The New York Times said it had learned of Baradar 's capture on Thursday but delayed reporting it at the request of White House officials , who told the newspaper making it public would end a hugely successful intelligence - gathering effort .
According to the New York Times , officials said the group 's leaders had been unaware of Baradar 's capture , and if it became public they might become more careful about communicating with each other .
" There were two bags in front of me .
I grabbed the first one as he stood one and a half metres away .
I opened the bag as he pointed his weapon directly at me .
I emptied the bag on the floor .
It contained money and papers .
I looked at him and he was laughing . "
Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Sunday that Israel was going downhill .
Speaking during a meeting in Tehran with Islamic Jihad Secretary - General Ramadan Salah , Khamenei added , " With God 's help , Israel 's disappearance is certain .
Nuclear Ambition Gates :
Not too late for Iran sanctions Associated Press US defense secretary hopeful world will rally together to apply ' diplomatic pressure ' on Iran Gates :
Not too late for Iran sanctions
Local news agencies reported that the Iranian supreme leader called on the Islamic Jihad to continue its armed struggle against the Jewish state .
" I am very optimistic about Palestine 's future and I believe Israel is moving in a downward spiral , " Khamenei said .
" There is no doubt that at the end of this slope , Palestine will be rescued from the teeth of the Zionists and will return to the Palestinians , and the Zionist regime will collapse . "
He also criticized Arab countries , who he said were helping Israel , and said that aid would not help the Palestinians fulfill their aspirations .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Sunday instructed Iran 's Atomic Energy Organization to start work on producing nuclear fuel for a Tehran research reactor , casting doubt on the prospects for a swap deal with the West .
" I ( ask ) Dr Salehi to start work on the production of 20 % fuel using centrifuges , " Ahmadinejad said in a televised speech , referring to Ali Akbar Salehi , who heads the atomic energy body .
" We are interested in cooperation with the West , but if they want to keep playing games with the Iranian nation , then we must be prepared and enrich uranium at 20 % ourselves , " the president said .
But he added : " The doors for interaction are still open . "
Ahmadinejad also said Iran had the capability to enrich uranium using laser technology , without elaborating .
Inquiring minds are investigating Monthly Receipts , Outlays , and Deficit or Surplus , Fiscal Years 1981 - 2009 as published by the US Treasury on its Monthly Treasury Service report .
Here are a couple charts I produced off the downloadable spreadsheets .
Receipts vs. Outlays by Quarter 1999 Q1 Thru 2009 Q4
Deficit or Surplus by Quarter 1999 Q1 Thru 2009 Q4
click on either chart for sharper image
Receipts are back in the range of where they were in 2002 - 2003 while outlays have gone through the roof .
Trendlines drawn by Excel .
Notice the widening gap between receipts and outlays in the first chart .
Can anyone say " Unsustainable ? "
Mike " Mish " Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Where to next in the outer solar system ?
Scientists have big ideas to explore icy moons and more .
If you had a few billion dollars and some of the most talented space scientists and engineers in the world , where would you go ?
joins its Spanish neighbors
and
as 3D cities in Google Earth .
If you ’re a fan of architecture , Barcelona offers a visual feast .
The mix of old and new is truly facinating .
It contains architectural wonders that date back to medieval times , in addition to modern architecture designed by critically acclaimed architects .
Open
Google Earth
and fly down to Barcelona to see hundreds of 3D models of buildings , monuments , cathedrals , museums , statues , towers and much more .
If time was short , my guided tour would probably start at what is arguably the most famous building in the city , the
Sagrada Familia
.
Staying with the cathedral theme I ’d head over to the
Barcelona Cathedral
located in the center of the city .
The
Casa Milà
would be next on my list ; this amazing work of art was designated a World Heritage site in 1984 .
If modern architecture is more to your liking , you ’ll want to visit the
Montjuic Communications Tower
and the
Torre Agbar
( which should n’t be too hard to find given its unique shape ) .
I could go on , but since a picture is worth a thousand words , we ’ve created a short video ( above ) that showcases many of Barcelona ’s most popular destinations .
Judging by the
thousands of models
that users have created using
Google SketchUp
and
Building Maker
" The west is ill at ease with Islam " , a BBC colleague remarked , long before 9/11 .
" Even communism was more familiar . "
Communism , after all , came from within the western intellectual tradition .
Islam , in contrast , is alien as well as threatening .
Our mistake is to see Islam as monolithic .
We think of the Saudi brand as the norm – as if cutting off hands , outlawing the building of churches and denying women the right to drive were the norm across the vast sweep of the Muslim world .
After 30 years ' experience travelling in the Muslim world – most of that time as a regional specialist with the BBC World Service – I 'm still constantly startled by how many ways there are of being a Muslim in the modern world .
The failure to see Islam 's extraordinary diversity has in turn hampered our efforts to understand Islamism – the notion that it is an ideology as well as a religion .
Islamism is , at root , a reaction to western power .
It is no accident that the archetypical Islamist movement , the Muslim Brotherhood , was born in British - ruled Egypt .
Its founder , a young schoolteacher called Hasan al - Banna , believed Muslims were fighting a battle on two fronts – an internal battle to revive the faith and an external one to drive foreigners from Muslim lands .
In his mind , the two were linked .
" Eject imperialism from your souls " , he declared , " and it will leave your lands " .
Al - Banna saw Islamism as essentially a social movement .
His successor as ideologue of the Brotherhood , Sayyid Qutb , saw it as a revolutionary struggle not just against the west , but against what he denounced as the apostate regimes of the Muslim world .
Qutb was hanged in an Egyptian jail in 1966 , becoming Islamism 's first important martyr and a role model for Bin Laden and the global jihadists of today .
What turned Islamism into a truly global phenomenon was an accident of geopolitics .
Two events came together in 1979 – the Khomeini revolution which overthrew the Shah of Iran , and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan – which radicalised and internationalised Islamism in both its Sunni and Shia forms .
The paradox of Islamism is that it has captured the grassroots but for the most part failed to make the breakthrough to power .
It has proved more effective as an instrument of protest than an instrument of governance .
Groups of the al - Qaida type , making skilful use of the internet , have developed a narrative of humiliation .
Their message to Muslims is simple : look around the world , and you see countless conflicts in which your co-religionists are involved , invariably on the losing side .
From this springs the idea that the umma – the worldwide community of the faithful – is under siege , and that every able - bodied Muslim has a duty to come to its defence .
In this narrative , the aggressive violence of the west must be met with the defensive violence of the mujahid , the holy warrior .
The jihad is not only just ; it washes away the stain of humiliation .
The idea – put forward recently by Farid Zakaria in Newsweek – that the narrative has lost its force and al - Qaida has lost the ideological battle strikes me as wishful thinking .
Much of the talk about winning Muslim " hearts and minds " is shallow and misguided .
The issue is often seen , especially in the United States , as a matter of public relations – as if America has an image problem in the Muslim world , and dollars can buy it a better one .
Or it is seen , in a facile way , as a matter of bolstering " good Muslims " while clobbering " bad Muslims " .
Without a surer grasp of Islamism and its discontents , the battle for Muslim hearts and minds will be lost .
" I do n't know that it 's fully hit me , " said Scheyer , one of the three Duke seniors .
" I 'm sure after the year I 'll have a better appreciation .
But right now , I 'm just ecstatic . "
Smith hit the tiebreaking 3 with 3:33 remaining immediately after missing a free throw .
Senior forward Lance Thomas grabbed the rebound -- one of Duke 's 17 offensive boards after halftime .
" I can't put it into words , " Thomas said .
" It took us four years to get here and we 're not done yet . "
The Blue Devils will play East Regional champion West Virginia in the national semifinals Saturday night .
They have won 11 of their last 12 regional finals under Krzyzewski , but have n't won a national title since 2001 .
Coach K made his first Final Four with Duke in 1986 and had n't had a gap this long between trips .
To end the drought , Duke had to win at Reliant Stadium -- only 3 ½ hours from Baylor 's campus .
Most of the crowd of 47,492 was dressed in the green and gold of the Bears .
" We played against a great team , " Krzyzewski said .
" It was such a well - played game , and we were fortunate to win . "
Smith and Scheyer helped the Blue Devils ( 33 - 5 ) offset a poor game from Singler , who was 0 for 10 from the field and made only five free throws .
It was the first time in his college career the junior forward failed to hit a field goal .
LaceDarius Dunn had 22 points and Ekpe Udoh scored 18 for the third - seeded Bears ( 28 - 8 ) , whose program was in shambles when coach Scott Drew took over in the wake of murder and scandal less than seven years ago .
Drew took the Bears from tatters to the cusp of their first Final Four appearance in 60 years .
After three consecutive 20 - win seasons and an inspiring postseason run , maybe Baylor can be recognized more for its success now than the tragic summer of 2003 that is finally starting to feel like a long time ago .
" I really hope so and I really feel it has , " Drew said , his voice quivering .
" I do really want to thank all the fans in the state of Texas . "
After tying the game for the 12th time on a free throw with 3:36 left , Smith missed his second attempt .
But Thomas grabbed one of his nine rebounds and quickly passed the ball right back to Smith , who hit a 3 - pointer from the right wing to put Duke up 64 - 61 .
Scheyer then extended the lead to six with his fifth 3 - pointer .
" Those two 3s in a row , by Nolan and then Jon , those were big - time plays , " Krzyzewski said .
" The big guys kicked it out and those are the best 3s to take . "
And the long - range shots were the best for Duke against Baylor 's tenacious zone defense featuring a combination of a 7 - footer and a pair of 6 - 10 players .
The Blue Devils made 11 of 23 3 - pointers ( 48 percent ) -- and shot only 11 of 38 from inside the arc .
But they did n't need a miracle shot on the 18th anniversary of Christian Laettner 's game - winner against Kentucky in the 1992 tournament .
With Baylor desperately trying to get the ball back after a turnover by Tweety Carter , there was a scuffle by the sideline following a whistle and Quincy Acy was called for a technical foul .
Scheyer hit both free throws , pushing the lead to 10 with 1:19 left .
The fairy - tale ending was n't meant to be for the Bears -- at least this year .
" It 's not over for this program .
It was a great season , " said Dunn , the junior guard who had obviously shed tears before the postgame interview .
" Teammates should hold their head up high and be proud of the things we accomplished this year . "
Carter and Acy had 12 points each for Baylor .
Udoh had 10 rebounds , six assists and five blocks .
Drew was 32 when he was hired and had been a head coach only one season , winning 20 games at Valparaiso after nine years there as his father 's assistant .
He had to rebuild in the powerful Big 12 with reduced scholarships and a roster decimated by the transfers of the top three scorers after that tragic summer in 2003 when Patrick Dennehy was shot to death by a teammate .
Baylor made it to the NCAA tournament two years ago , when it lost in the first round to Purdue , and to the NIT championship game last April .
The Bears were picked 10th in the preseason poll by the Big 12 coaches at the beginning of this season after losing three 1,000 - point scorers to graduation .
But they were the last Big 12 team still playing .
After Dunn darted through traffic for a layup and then made two free throws , the Bears were up 57 - 54 with just under 6 minutes left .
Their lead did n't last long .
Scheyer missed a 3 - pointer , but Mason Plumlee got the rebound and threw the ball right back to the senior guard -- who hit from about 25 feet to tie it .
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama is plowing ahead with a commission to tackle the federal debt despite resistance from Republican leaders .
Mr. Obama will name former Clinton White House Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles and former Republican Sen .
Alan Simpson as co-chairmen of the commission Thursday when he signs an executive order creating the panel , an administration official said .
The commission 's job will be to help bring down the federal budget deficit to 3 % of gross domestic product by 2015 , compared with nearly 10 % today , and to propose ways to hold down the surging costs of government programs such as Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security .
The president will also ask the panel to look at the U.S. tax code and has not ruled out tax increases for the middle class should the commission deem them necessary .
Republican leaders and lawmakers said Tuesday they still had not been consulted on the panel 's composition or mandate .
The 18 - member panel is to include eight Republicans , six named by GOP leaders in Congress and two by the White House .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R. , Ky. ) will decide whether he will name members after he has seen the details , said spokesman Don Stewart .
Welcome to the VPR Archive
-
4 Wicked Halloween Party Platters for Your Best Fright Night Yet
Kick off your spook fest with these hair - raisingly good platters .
We 're sorry but BankFox is no longer available .
Mega -minister Benny
Hinn apparently could n't apply his healing powers to his own marriage -- because the dude 's wife just filed divorce papers claiming their marriage has given up the ghost .
Hinn claims the divorce filing came " without notice " and that he is " shocked " -- despite the fact that the high - profile religious couple has been separated since last month .
Hinn has come under scrutiny recently over suspicion he has false profits -- because the preacher has allegedly been raising money under the guise of a ministry simply to enrich himself .
Despite the stereotypes about women drivers , teen girls have always been charged less by insurance companies .
But several new studies show that girls are getting more aggressive behind the wheel ... and a lot less sober .
Advertisement
A survey by Allstate revealed that more girls multitask while driving than boys - especially when it comes to socializing .
Girls are more likely to admit to using their cellphones while driving , to either talk or text .
Out of the kids surveyed , 50 % said they have texted while driving , although researchers believe the actual number is probably much higher .
The same survey found that more girls are willing to label themselves " aggressive drivers " than before , and they have even surpassed boys in the " aggressive " category .
The percentage of aggressive male drivers has fallen from 19 % in 2005 to 13 % in 2010 while the number of pushy female drivers have risen from 9 % to 16 % .
Girls are also more likely to admit to speeding 10 miles an hour ( 48 % of girls vs. 36 % of boys ) .
" It is somewhat surprising .
Girls are becoming a little more aggressive as far as driving with speed , " said Jeff Ormond from Allstate .
" They 're adopting some of that traditional male behavior and it's just kind of closing the gender gap , so to speak . "
Advertisement
And what 's worse : the gender gap for drunk drivers - and more importantly , drunk driving collisions - is closing as well .
While young women are still far less likely to get into an accident than men , the rates are rising among some age groups .
The past few years have seen a decrease in the number of fatal accidents involving male drunk drivers , but 19 year - old women , and women aged 21 to 24 are contributing to an opposite trend .
I was fairly recently a teen girl myself , and unlike Anna North , I do n't mind driving .
During my teen years , I actually kind of loved it .
But while I was never really an aggressive driver , I did have a propensity to disregard speed limits .
There was a time when I came very close to losing my license , and had Massachusetts and New York had better communication about their ticketing policies , I surely would have .
However , almost all of my tickets and accidents ( yes , there has been more than one ) occurred within a few years of receiving my license .
Insurance companies know this , which is why they charge so much more for teen drivers .
Teens , boys and girls , tend to be more reckless , to drive with a certain arrogance .
When coupled with alcohol and suburban boredom , this is a recipe for disaster .
And yet , it is a rite of passage for many kids sit for hours at the DMV waiting for their number to appear on the screen so they can take an extraordinarily simple short quiz and receive temporary sanction to drive .
It was one of the few exciting things about high school - the mind - numbing boredom of Drivers Ed notwithstanding .
Driving meant freedom , and at 16 , this feels like the most important thing in the world .
Would we be any safer if the driving age was raised to 18 , or even 20 ?
I 'm not sure ; it might prove a more effective measure than raising insurance , but maybe one of the reasons we have n't done it yet has to do with the strange nostalgia I feel when I think back on my early years as a driver ( speeding tickets and all ) .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
On Gender , Feminism , And Driving I might as well admit it : I really hate driving .
And while I 've come to terms with some other …
Read more
Fortunately for teen girls ( or , as is often the case , their parents ) insurance companies are n't quite ready to change their pricing policies .
Allstate spokeswoman Shaundra Turner explained : " Experience tells us that teenage girls are safer drivers than teenage boys .
Until that information changes , our rates will remain the same . "
Advertisement
Teen Girls Racing Ahead Of Teen Boys In Dangerous Driving Habits [ Chicago Sun-Times ]
Alcohol Implicated In The Rising Toll Of Fatal Car Crashes Involving Young Women [ EurekAlert ]
Study : Girls Becoming More Aggressive Behind The Wheel [ Eyewitness News ]
Alcohol Implicated In The Rising Toll Of Fatal Car Crashes Involving Young Women Drivers [ Science Daily ]
Dallas Stars centerunderwent surgery today for an appendectomy and will be out of action indefinitely .
He is not expected to play in the Stars ’ home game vs. San Jose on Tuesday evening .
-- stars --
Modano , 39 , did not practice with the team today .
He has appeared in 54 games for Dallas this season , scoring 13 goals and 13 assists for 26 points with 20 penalty minutes .
The Stars will play the San Jose Sharks Tuesday night at American Airlines Center at 7:30 ( CT ) .
The game will be televised locally on FOX Sports Southwest and can be heard on Sports Radio 1310 The Ticket .
Yes , Matt just wrote about it on agencyspy , but I was actually tipped off by the French badland ninja @joelapompe a few days ago .
I 've been trying to get a comment from anyone involved , but everyone so far has declined .
Matt found that it made the papers in Jerusalem : the Jerusalem post .
Let watch the Coke sleepwalking ad from the 2010 Super Bowl XLIV commercials .
Now , lets watch an ad that aired in Israel way back in 2001 created by Shalmor Avnon Amichay / Y&R .
See any similarities ?
The Yotvata campaign was all about sleepwalking to Bolero , the hypnotized Yotvata cravers sleepwalked at concerts as soon as Bolero played and there was even a race in 2005 where Yotvata cravers sleepwalked .
It 's one heckuva bizarre coincidence if not a downright rip - off .
I too can say : " Wieden did not immediately respond to a request for comment " .
So there you have it , Bolero makes people sleepwalk !
Update Coca - Cola claims ad similarities are " coincidental , unintended " - at least someone got a quote .
Remind me to move to another timezone .
This footage is frickin ' insane !!!
Play video content
Some dude with a pair of brass cojones pulled a classic snatch - and - grab on a TMZ camera Thursday -- and it all went down right in front of an L.A. courthouse !!!
Our camera guy was shooting Dennis Hopper 's lawyer when some crook snuck up from behind and yanked the camera right out of our guy's hand while the camera was rolling .
The camera recorded the whole thing as the scumbag went sprinting through a parking lot ... and ultimately ran right into another TMZ cameraman .
The perp panicked and put down the camera but continued to book it down the street on foot until he was long gone .
Doing Better by Knowing Ourselves
Morality , then , is still something larger than our inherited moral sense , and the new science of the moral sense does not make moral reasoning and conviction obsolete .
At the same time , its implications for our moral universe are profound .
At the very least , the science tells us that even when our adversaries ’ agenda is most baffling , they may not be amoral psychopaths but in the throes of a moral mind - set that appears to them to be every bit as mandatory and universal as ours does to us .
Of course , some adversaries really are psychopaths , and others are so poisoned by a punitive moralization that they are beyond the pale of reason .
( The actor Will Smith had many historians on his side when he recently speculated to the press that Hitler thought he was acting morally . )
But in any conflict in which a meeting of the minds is not completely hopeless , a recognition that the other guy is acting from moral rather than venal reasons can be a first patch of common ground .
One side can acknowledge the other ’s concern for community or stability or fairness or dignity , even while arguing that some other value should trump it in that instance .
With affirmative action , for example , the opponents can be seen as arguing from a sense of fairness , not racism , and the defenders can be seen as acting from a concern with community , not bureaucratic power .
Liberals can ratify conservatives ’ concern with families while noting that gay marriage is perfectly consistent with that concern .
The science of the moral sense also alerts us to ways in which our psychological makeup can get in the way of our arriving at the most defensible moral conclusions .
The moral sense , we are learning , is as vulnerable to illusions as the other senses .
It is apt to confuse morality per se with purity , status and conformity .
It tends to reframe practical problems as moral crusades and thus see their solution in punitive aggression .
It imposes taboos that make certain ideas indiscussible .
And it has the nasty habit of always putting the self on the side of the angels .
Though wise people have long reflected on how we can be blinded by our own sanctimony , our public discourse still fails to discount it appropriately .
In the worst cases , the thoughtlessness of our brute intuitions can be celebrated as a virtue .
In his influential essay “ The Wisdom of Repugnance , ” Leon Kass , former chair of the President ’s Council on Bioethics , argued that we should disregard reason when it comes to cloning and other biomedical technologies and go with our gut :
“ We are repelled by the prospect of cloning human beings . . . because we intuit and feel , immediately and without argument , the violation of things that we rightfully hold dear .
. . .
In this age in which everything is held to be permissible so long as it is freely done . . . repugnance may be the only voice left that speaks up to defend the central core of our humanity .
Shallow are the souls that have forgotten how to shudder . ”
There are , of course , good reasons to regulate human cloning , but the shudder test is not one of them .
People have shuddered at all kinds of morally irrelevant violations of purity in their culture : touching an untouchable , drinking from the same water fountain as a Negro , allowing Jewish blood to mix with Aryan blood , tolerating sodomy between consenting men .
And if our ancestors ’ repugnance had carried the day , we never would have had autopsies , vaccinations , blood transfusions , artificial insemination , organ transplants and in vitro fertilization , all of which were denounced as immoral when they were new .
There are many other issues for which we are too quick to hit the moralization button and look for villains rather than bug fixes .
What should we do when a hospital patient is killed by a nurse who administers the wrong drug in a patient ’s intravenous line ?
Should we make it easier to sue the hospital for damages ?
Or should we redesign the IV fittings so that it ’s physically impossible to connect the wrong bottle to the line ?
And nowhere is moralization more of a hazard than in our greatest global challenge .
The threat of human - induced climate change has become the occasion for a moralistic revival meeting .
In many discussions , the cause of climate change is overindulgence ( too many S.U.V.’s ) and defilement ( sullying the atmosphere ) , and the solution is temperance ( conservation ) and expiation ( buying carbon offset coupons ) .
Yet the experts agree that these numbers do n’t add up : even if every last American became conscientious about his or her carbon emissions , the effects on climate change would be trifling , if for no other reason than that two billion Indians and Chinese are unlikely to copy our born - again abstemiousness .
Though voluntary conservation may be one wedge in an effective carbon - reduction pie , the other wedges will have to be morally boring , like a carbon tax and new energy technologies , or even taboo , like nuclear power and deliberate manipulation of the ocean and atmosphere .
Our habit of moralizing problems , merging them with intuitions of purity and contamination , and resting content when we feel the right feelings , can get in the way of doing the right thing .
Far from debunking morality , then , the science of the moral sense can advance it , by allowing us to see through the illusions that evolution and culture have saddled us with and to focus on goals we can share and defend .
As Anton Chekhov wrote , “ Man will become better when you show him what he is like . ”
Tech Tip
Get More From Your Letters With Custom Stationery for Print or Pixels
Even in today ’s digital world , notes sent under a formal letterhead can help get the right message across .
Here ’s how to make your own powerful design with just a few keystrokes .
It ’s time to fix the window controls
This is awkward .
We need to talk .
March 3rd was a strange day .
It was one day before User Interface freeze for the upcoming Ubuntu Lucid long term support release .
By the end of the day we were supposed to have the entire look and feel of the desktop settled on so people could start writing documentation and books .
This was the same day that Canonical finally released the new theme that had been under secretive development .
It was bold , daring , light - inspired , and perhaps most popularly , not brown .
Jono Bacon , Canonical ’s community manager , broke the news .
Mark Shuttleworth followed up on his own blog , thanking three members of the design team for leading the effort .
The most important change , however , was n’t actually talked about .
The designers do n’t blog themselves , and Mark and Jono did n’t mention it directly .
It had to be found in the screenshots , or experienced firsthand by alpha testers .
This is not ok
Soon , the community learned the change was intentional : a bug about the misplaced window controls was quickly marked invalid , and when the controls briefly reappeared on the right again the change was reverted .
What ’s disturbing is that Planet Ubuntu has been rather silent on the topic .
No one ’s posted a real defense of this change yet , or for that matter even claimed responsibility .
It ’s like there ’s this collective unease about criticizing something that feels like it came directly from on high .
So , instead , people are just silent .
I ’d certainly be if I worked for Canonical .
Perhaps I should be , as I still hope to work for them .
If you read between the lines , you can tell that people are n’t too happy about it .
The most flattering thing a developer ’s said about the left - sided Window controls is that they “ got used to them after a few days ” .
We ’re quick to praise the theme ( it ’s gorgeous ) , but talking about this major sudden change to the window controls feels like taboo .
That ’s incredibly unhealthy for a community project .
It ’s like there ’s this collective unease and everyone ’s worrying if we ’re about to release something embarrassing .
This experiment was a failure and we need to realize it
The alpha releases are great places for usability experiments .
Sometimes , they do n’t work out .
Put a new user on today ’s Ubuntu Lucid and they ’ll think it ’s fantastic , sleek , and absolutely gorgeous right up to the point where they have to close a window .
That ’s where our first impression becomes something awful .
Note :
The new card backs pictured above are my doing and are now default ( Mads Rosendahl drew them ) .
A brief summary of the complaints about the left side window controls
Some of these I noticed myself , a few are gathered from various comment threads on forums and blogs over the past week .
• Because the window title is n’t centered , the window controls being placed directly in front of it put it in a weird indented position
• The “ slightly off left ” location is inconsistent with Nautilus , Firefox , Thunderbird , Pidgin , Empathy , and every other tabbed program we have , which have close buttons for their tabs on the right .
• The left position is inconsistent with Windows , previous versions of Ubuntu , and even OSX – users have to relearn decades of muscle memory .
• Users who interact with both Windows and Ubuntu machines ( or migrate from Windows ) will have a much harder time than they did before .
• The buttons are too close to the file and edit menus , making catastrophic misclicks much more likely .
Closing something on accident should be as rare as possible .
• Even without misclicking , a user will have to take more time to use the window control and avoid a misclick .
This is an example of Fitt ’s Law .
• The close position is also inconsistent with the power button in upper right .
Currently , “ close it down ” is something you can always do from the upper right anywhere in the system : within a tab , within a window , and even for the whole computer .
The new window controls break that entirely .
• The new position leaves a lot of empty , wasted space in the upper right of most windows .
While strictly speaking the amount of unused space is the same , it looks much worse when it ’s all clustered together .
When the controls are on the right , the extra space can function as a buffer for the potentially destructive window controls .
• Similarly , the upper left of most windows now becomes much more crowded , creating a rather unpleasing contrast to the relatively empty upper right .
• In previous Ubuntus you could close windows on the left if you really wanted , by expanding the small circle menu that ’s now gone entirely .
File ->
Quit is also an option , which is now very close to the close box .
• Gnome upstream has them on the right , causing consistency and developmental problems when we deviate .
This is particularly jarring with the adoption of future projects like Gnome shell and Gnome 3 , which will change again how we interact with window controls .
• The current implementation breaks themes not designed for the new button order ( which is currently every theme we ship , so even changing the theme back does n’t help )
• A day before User Interface freeze of a long term support release is the worst possible time to suddenly spring this on everyone without explanation .
• It is very difficult to change them back as we do n’t have any UI tool for doing this ( the current method is manually editing gconf keys )
• The new position does n’t actually do anything beneficial .
That last point is the most important .
Other than “ looking different ” the change does n’t do anything helpful .
It ’s a huge usability loss for an awful lot of people .
Some people get used to it quickly .
Others do n’t , and like me end up getting physically angry when trying to use their computer .
I ca n’t remember ever having my computer make me feel this way for a long time , and I ’ve been running Ubuntu alphas for five years now .
Let ’s admit we have a problem
Ivanka deserves credit for being the first member of the design team to at least talk about the controls :
Are we smoking crack to think that the learning curve or getting used to a new position is ever going to be worth any real or perceived benefit of new positions ?
I ’ll leave that question to the reader .
-
The red vines represent one way free delta vee rides via aerobraking .
Delta vee distances are in kilometers / second .
I 've recently ( April 28 , 2013 ) drawn a 2nd cartoon delta V map , this one with an emphasis on EML1 and EML2 .
-
On the right is 5261 Eureka , a Martian Trojan .
This asteroid lies in Mars ' orbit trailing Mars by 60 degrees .
Although it 's the same distance as Mars and the Martian moons Phobos and Deimos , note the martian moons are closer in terms of delta vee .
This is because of the Oberth effect .
Small bodies are more easily reachable in terms of delta vee because of their shallow gravity wells .
And , oddly enough , small bodies orbiting a steep gravity well are even more accessible .
In addition to the Oberth effect , planets can shed delta vee via aerobraking .
-
In terms of delta vee , the Martian moons Phobos and Deimos are closer than the Moon , Mars and most Near Earth Asteroids .
Their low density suggest they may be volatile rich .
If so , their volatiles could be exported to the Earth Moon L1 point and other locations in near Earth space .
-
What I call Low Mars orbit is a circular equatorial orbit 300 kilometers above the Martian surface .
-
Mars Capture Orbit has a 300 kilometer altitude periapsis ( the orbit 's closest point to Mars ) and a 570,000 kilometer altitude apoapsis ( the orbit 's farthest point from Mars ) .
When an object in this orbit reaches periapsis , it is going very nearly the surface escape velocity of Mars .
This maximizes the advantage of the Oberth effect .
Mars capture orbits can be easily reached from the Earth - Mars Hohmann transfer orbit .
The Hohmann is rarely accessible to a specific Mars capture orbit , though ( The orbit periapsis would have to be in the right position at the right time ) .
-
Earth Capture Orbit has a 300 kilometer altitude periapsis and a 900,000 kilometer altitude apoapsis .
Like the Mars Capture Orbit , this orbit maximizes the Oberth effect .
Earth capture orbits are very easily reachable from both the Mars and Venus Hohmann orbits .
But also like the Mars Capture Orbit , the Hohmann orbits are not easily reachable from a specific capture orbit unless its periapsis is at the right time and place .
-
The Earth - Mars Hohmann orbit is a minimum energy path from the Earth to Mars .
Launch windows for these orbits occur about every 2 1/8 years .
The trip takes about 7 months .
-
The Earth - Moon L4 and L5 points are stable Lagrange points on the Moons orbit , leading and trailing the moon by 60 degrees .
The Earth - Moon Lagrange points are locations where the Moon 's gravity , the Earth 's gravity and centrifugal force all balance .
-
The Earth - Moon L1 point is a Lagrange point between the Earth and the Moon .
It hovers above a fixed point on the Moon 's surface .
A lunar mass driver aimed at the L1 will remain aimed at that point 365 days a year , 24 hours a day .
Lunar oxygen , silicon and other materials could be exported to that point .
L1 moves slower than a natural orbit at that altitude ( .86 vs 1.1 km / sec ) , so it 's easier to export cargo from the L1 to lower earth orbits .
In terms of delta vee , the Lagrange points are close to each other as well as close to the Mars and Venus Hohmann transfer orbits .
Much of my interest in the L1 is due to an essay Rand Simberg wrote .
-
The Earth - Venus Hohmann is the minimum energy path from Earth to Venus .
It requires a little less delta vee than the Mars Hohmann .
The trip takes about 5 months .
The period of this orbit is very close to .8 years .
The Earth - Venus synodic period is very close to 1.6 years , almost exactly twice the period of the Hohmann orbit .
This makes a system of five Earth - to - Venus cyclers possible .
The Earth encounter points are at the tips of a beautiful , slowly rotating , five pointed star .
See The Case For Venus for more details .
-
The Venus Capture Orbits have a 300 kilometer periapsis and a 600,000 kilometer apoapsis .
Like the Earth and Mars capture orbits , this orbit maximizes the Oberth delta vee savings .
Via aerobraking , these orbits can be made into what I call Highly Eccentric Elliptical Venus Orbits .
-
The Highly Eccentric Elliptical Venus Orbits have a 300 kilometer periapsis and a 68,000 kilometer apoapsis .
I believe five of these orbits could be arranged to receive cargo and passengers from Earth to Venus cyclers .
Five more could be arranged for Venus to Earth cyclers .
These orbital period of a HEEVO is 2/5 the period of a High Venus Orbit .
In terms of delta vee , objects on HEEVOs could be some of the most accessible in the solar system .
-
High Venus Orbit is a circular orbit at 68,000 kilometer altitude .
This orbit is resonant with the HEEVO orbits and could pass by each HEEVO at apoapsis .
This orbit could be used to transfer passengers from one HEEVO to another .
-
Venus has n't even been on my radar screen for years due to it 's hostile surface .
Because of aerobraking and the Oberth effect , near Venus asteroids can be captured to Venus ' orbit with relatively little delta vee .
Once captured they 're more accessible from Earth than most NEOs .
Please see The Case For Venus .
Geoffrey Landis has also pointed out Venus has a hospitable temperature and pressure 50 kilometers above it's surface ( although the sulfuric acid clouds are a problem ) and suggested floating cities at that altitude .
My delta vee map above adds a 2 kilometer / second atmospheric drag / gravity penalty for ascending through Venus ' atmosphere .
This is based on ascension from a floating Landis city .
Ascending from Venus ' actual surface would incur a higher penalty .
-
2003 SM84 is a near Earth Asteroid with a low inclination , eccentricity , and a semi major axis close to 1 A.U.
In other words it has an Earth - like orbit .
Such asteroids can be very close in terms of delta vee .
Unfortunately , low energy launch opportunities are rare if the asteroid does n't have an earth resonant period .
For example an asteroid with a 3 / 2 year period can pass near the Earth every three years , or an asteroid with an 5 / 4 year period can fly by the earth every 5 years .
SM84 's period is n't a simple fraction of earth 's period .
It will have a good launch window in 2052 .
Please see my page The Case For Asteroids .
-
What I call Low Earth Orbit is an equatorial circular orbit 300 kilometers above the earth 's surface .
-
Back To Railroad Towns
The Republicans continue to ' cultivate rage '
Hate - spewing wingnuts have taken over the Republican Party .
Spitting saliva , the N word and the F word at members of Congress is reprehensible .
But the only Republican I have seen who gave an immediate and full - throated denunciation of the hatred allegedly hurled at Rep. John Lewis ( D - Ga. ) and Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) was former Rep. Joe Scarborough ( R - Fla . ) .
Here are Scarborough 's unequivocal tweets from Saturday afternoon .
John Lewis is a friend , a great man and an American hero .
Anyone attacking such a man with racial slurs has a dark heart and a grim soul
4:50 PM Mar 20th via UberTwitter
@gason65
It is up to both sides to call out their haters .
We must speak out forcefully and without hestitation [ sic ] .
5:05 PM Mar 20th via UberTwitter in reply to gason65
Also , the attacks against Barney Frank were hateful and outrageous .
Barney and I usually disagreed in Congress but he loves his country .
5:08 PM Mar 20th via UberTwitter
As Colby King noted yesterday , Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele 's condemnation of " idiots out there saying very stupid tings " was n't good enough .
The tone and tenor of the vocal Republican opposition is getting more aggressive , and it 's going to take more than calling them " idiots " to get them to heel .
The Republican leaders should , well , lead by example .
But they are n't interested in doing that .
House Minority Leader John Boehner ( Ohio ) is a prime example .
He opted to play to the corrosive elements of the GOP 's base last night rather than preserve the dignity of the House of Representatives .
That high - pitched " hell no ! " harangue plays well with the people who whip up fears of socialism and who carry signs like the one at Saturday 's demonstration alluding to Sen.
Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) that read " Warning : If Brown ca n't stop it a Browning can . "
( Scroll down to see the picture ) This is dangerous stuff that Republican leaders must -- MUST -- snuff out sooner rather than later .
Kathleen Parker issued a warning that is falling on deaf ears on the radical right and increasingly so within the mainstream of the GOP .
" It 's fine to be angry about bad policies ; it 's fine to hold politicians ' ( and journalists ' ) feet to the fire , " she wrote .
" But it is not fine to demonize dissent and cultivate rage .
We should know by now where demagoguery leads . "
We do .
And those who play up rather than tamp down or constructively channel that rage will be complicit in the ugly and violent denouement .
VANCOUVER , British Columbia , March 18 ( UPI ) --
The pine beetle infestation of western Canadian forests is expected to close at least 16 major sawmills and cut exports by half , a report said Thursday .
The International Wood Markets Group forecast released in Vancouver , British Columbia , said losses due to the insects would also cause lumber prices to rise , the Vancouver Sun reported .
Advertisement
" Sawlog shortages caused by the mountain pine beetle could trigger the permanent closure of about 16 large primary sawmills and / or plywood production facilities within the British Columbia interior by 2018 , " the report said .
The pine beetle is expected to kill 11 billion square feet of timber in British Columbia and western Alberta , the report said .
Eradication efforts have been under way for the past 10 years in what the group called the largest - ever natural environmental disaster in North America , the Sun said .
I was looking for a dish that would go well with our Korean pancakes , and after a quick interwebs search I came across this dish at epicurious .
Rather than the usual sirloin , this recipe uses salmon as the lucky recipient of a tasty , spicy marinade made with soy sauce , onions , ginger , sesame oil , and more .
It ’s served over a bed of baby bok choy and shiitake mushrooms .
I only made slight modifications to the recipe — I doubled the marinade and upped the number of mushrooms .
The sauce / glaze is deeelicious .
[ donotprint ]
Lisa says :
Yum , this is really good !
Chris says :
Yeah , I really like how the salmon is cooked .. super tender on the inside .
And I think that ’s the first time our oven ’s been set at 500 .
Lisa says :
Well mark it in the calendar .
Chris says :
… anyway … I loves me that marinade / glaze .
It ’s good on the veggies and the salmon .
Lisa says :
You know , that spicy red sauce from the pancakes is good on my salmon , too .
Chris says :
I ’m sure that ’s good on cardboard .
I think we ’re going to have to do more Korean recipes soon .
[ / donotprint ]
Bulgogi -Style Salmon with Bok Choy and Mushrooms
2 large garlic cloves , peeled , divided
1/3 cup chopped green onions
1/4 cup soy sauce
1 tbsp Chinese rice wine or dry Sherry
1 tsp minced fresh ginger
2 tsp sugar
1 tsp Asian sesame oil
1 tsp chili- garlic sauce
2 6 - oz center - cut skinless salmon fillets
1 tbsp olive oil
5 - 6 baby bok choy , cut crosswise into 1/2 - inch - wide strips ( about 3 1/2 – 4 cups )
8 large fresh shiitake mushrooms , stemmed , caps sliced
Blend 1 garlic clove and next 7 ingredients in mini processor .
Arrange salmon in a small glass baking dish .
Spoon marinade over , and let marinate 5 minutes .
Preheat oven to 500 °F .
Transfer the fish , with some marinade still clinging , to a rimmed baking sheet .
Roast the fish until just opaque in center , about 8 minutes .
Meanwhile , transfer any remaining marinade to a small saucepan .
Bring marinade in saucepan to boil ; set aside and reserve for glaze .
Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat .
Add bok choy and mushrooms ; using garlic press , press in 1 garlic clove .
Stir - fry until mushrooms are tender and bok choy is wilted , about 4 minutes .
Season with salt and pepper .
Divide vegetables among two plates , top with the salmon , and brush with the glaze .
2 Servings
Felipe Calderon : document to give Argentina " unanimous support " Latin American and Caribbean leaders have backed Argentina 's claim over the Falklands , Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has said .
At a regional summit in Cancun , Mexico , a document has reportedly been drafted giving Argentina unanimous support .
It comes a day after a British oil company began drilling for oil off the islands , a move Argentina objected to .
The UK 's defence minister said the government would take whatever steps necessary to protect the Falklands .
Argentina and Britain went to war over the South Atlantic islands in 1982 , after Buenos Aires invaded the archipelago .
The conflict ended with UK forces wresting back control of the islands , held by Britain since 1833 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
No official statement has been made in Cancun , but Mexican President Felipe Calderon reportedly said a document had been drawn up offering Buenos Aires full support in its territorial dispute with London .
The Argentine president accused the British government of ignoring international law by allowing a British oil exploration company to begin drilling near the islands .
She said : " I think the important thing is that we have achieved very strong support , something that legitimates our claims fundamentally against the new petroleum activity . "
The BBC's Andy Gallacher in Cancun says that any broad agreement at the summit could put more pressure on the British government in what has become an escalating diplomatic row .
' Return the Malvinas ' Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez reiterated his support for Argentina .
The Ocean Guardian is in Falkland Islands waters " We demand , and I think all of us should do the same , the withdrawal of the submarine platform , and that the English government ... give that land back , " he said .
Before leaving for the summit , Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega called for " Britain to return the territory of the Malvinas to its real owners - to return it to Argentina " on Venezuelan Telesur television .
Leaders at the summit , between the Rio Group and the Caribbean Community ( Caricom ) , have also discussed plans for a new pan-American alliance which would exclude Canada and the United States .
The new grouping would serve as an alternative to the Organisation of American States , the main forum for regional affairs in the past 50 years .
The British - contracted rig Ocean Guardian began drilling 100 km ( 62 miles ) north of the Falklands on Monday , despite fierce opposition from Argentina .
HAVE YOUR SAY Argentina should concentrate on addressing far more important issues within their own country SG , Guildford Desire Petroleum , which is overseeing the operation , said drilling had started on the Liz 14 / 19 - A exploration well at 1415 GMT .
Argentina claims sovereignty over what it calls the Islas Malvinas and has imposed shipping restrictions .
But UK Defence Minister Bill Rammell said the government had a " legitimate right " to build an oil industry in its waters .
Mr Rammell said the UK would take " whatever steps necessary " to protect the islands and that it had made Argentina " aware of that " .
Argentina has ruled out military action and is trying to pressure Britain into negotiations on sovereignty .
During the seven - week war in 1982 over the Falklands , 649 Argentine and 255 British service personnel were killed .
Last year Argentina submitted a claim to the United Nations for a vast expanse of ocean , based on research into the extent of the continental shelf , stretching to the Antarctic and including the island chains governed by the UK .
It is due to raise the issue at the UN later this week .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is man -made global warming happening ?
Can nuclear waste be stored safely ?
Do concealed handguns reduce violence ?
Think about those questions for a minute .
Then think about your thinking :
Why do you hold those particular views on these controversial issues ?
And do scientific experts agree with you ?
The Yale Cultural Cognition Project has been probing the question of cultural polarization over scientific risk issues for a number of years .
The project 's latest working paper , " Cultural Cognition of Scientific Consensus , " analyzes the question : " Why do members of the public disagree — sharply and persistently — about facts on which expert scientists largely agree ? "
As examples of strong expert scientific consensus , researchers led by Yale University law professor Daniel Kahan selected three recent National Academy of Sciences ( NAS ) reports dealing with climate change , nuclear waste , and gun possession .
To get at what Americans think about each of these three issues , the Yale researchers conducted a poll of 1,500 Americans in July 2009 .
But first the pollsters asked questions designed to elicit each respondent 's cultural worldview .
The project uses a modified version of a typology devised in the 1980s by brilliant University of California - Berkeley sociologist Aaron Wildavsky which divides Americans into four cultural groups : Individualists , Communitarians , Hierarchicalists , and Egalitarians .
Hierarchicalists prefer a social order where people have clearly defined roles based on stable characteristics such as class , race , or gender .
Egalitarians want to reduce racial , gender , and income inequalities .
Individualists expect people to succeed or fail on their own , while Communitarians believe that society is obligated to take care of everyone .
Generally speaking , Individualists tend to dismiss claims of environmental risks because they fear such claims will be used to fetter markets and other arenas of individual achievement .
Hierarchicalists tend to see claims of environmental risk as a subversive tactic aiming to undermine a stable social order .
In contrast , Egalitarians and Communitarians dislike markets and industry for creating disparities in wealth and power .
In fact , they readily believe that such disparities generate environmental risks that must be regulated .
Once poll participants were sorted into cultural value groups , they were asked a series of questions about what experts think about global warming , nuclear waste disposal , and the risks of concealed carry gun laws .
Of course , regular citizens do not have the time or inclination to investigate the technical details of such issues , so they turn to experts to sort out the issues .
" One might thus expect ( or at least hope ) that regardless of the tendency of predispositions and biased information processing to push people of opposing cultural outlooks apart , the need of all of them for expert guidance would cause them to gravitate toward the consensus positions among scientists , " write the Yale researchers .
The fond hope is that more information will tend to cause public opinions on scientific risk issues to converge .
But , as the researchers show , that does n't happen .
It turns out that people do n't agree on what scientific consensus is .
The Yale study conducted two kinds of surveys on their culturally - typed population .
In the first one , they asked poll respondents what the majority of experts thought about global warming , nuclear waste disposal , and the risks of concealed carry gun laws .
In the second survey , respondents were asked to imagine that a friend was seeking their advice about which book by an expert to read on each of the issues .
The respondents were supplied with alleged summaries of each book .
On each issue , one summary argued that the activity was very risky while another asserted that it was relatively harmless .
The statements were assigned randomly to the pictures of older be -suited white guys with elite academic credentials as the putative authors of the books .
The respondents read the summaries and were then asked if they thought each depicted author was a " trustworthy and knowledgeable expert . "
Remember that each author was randomly assigned to either the high - or low - risk arguments .
Depressingly , the Yale project study finds that people " more readily count someone as an expert when that person endorses a conclusion that fits their cultural predispositions . "
On global warming , the NAS clearly asserts that " most scientists " agree that the earth is warming and that humans are the chief cause of recent warming .
According to the Yale survey , 77 percent of Egalitarian Communitarians ( henceforth Egalitarians ) believe that most scientists agree that the global warming is occurring , while only 24 percent of Hierarchical Individualists ( henceforth Individualists ) thought so .
On the other hand , 55 percent of Individualists thought that scientists were divided on whether or not the earth is warming while only 20 percent of Egalitarians did .
In addition , 67 percent of Egalitarians thought most scientists agreed that humans are causing the warming , while 55 percent of Individualists believe that most scientists disagree that humans are the source of warming .
On burying nuclear waste , the NAS studies maintain that there is a " strong worldwide consensus " on its safety .
According to the survey , similar percentages of Egalitarians ( 43 percent ) and Individualists ( 44 percent ) believe that experts are divided on the issue .
Nevertheless , 37 percent of Individualists believe that experts think it 's safe to bury nuclear wastes , while only 21 percent of Egalitarians do .
On the other hand , 18 percent of Individualists believe that most experts think it 's dangerous to bury nuclear wastes , while 36 percent of Egalitarians do .
With regard to the risks of violence posed by concealed carry gun laws , the cited NAS study finds no consensus among experts .
Interestingly , a plurality of both Individualists and Egalitarians believe that most experts are divided on the issue , 40 percent and 41 percent respectively .
Still , 47 percent of Individualists think that most experts agree that concealed carry laws prevent violence , while 48 percent of Egalitarians believe that the expert consensus is that concealed carry laws promote violence .
Parenthetically , the Yale project does n't look at how cultural cognition shapes the values of the researchers who construct various scientific consensuses .
For example , last July , a Pew Research Center for People & the Press survey found that 52 percent of scientists described themselves as liberal while only 20 percent of the public did .
Conversely , 37 percent of the public called themselves conservative while only 9 percent of scientists did .
So it 's not too surprising that scientists have a more positive view of the efficacy of government action than does the public .
Among scientists , 58 percent disagree with the statement that " when something is run by the government it is usually inefficient and wasteful " whereas only 39 percent of the public disagree with it .
Both the public and scientists are suspicious of business , believing that business does not generally strike a fair balance between profits and the public interest , 58 percent and 77 percent , respectively .
So how did the poll respondents assess the trustworthiness of the putative experts in the survey ?
When the depicted expert declared global warming to be risky , 89 percent of Egalitarians found him trustworthy and knowledgeable while only 23 percent of Individualists did .
On the other hand , when the putative expert suggested that the dangers posed by global warming were highly uncertain , 86 percent of Individualists found him credible , while 51 percent of Egalitarians did .
Division over the trustworthiness of the nuclear waste experts was not nearly as stark .
When the supposed expert asserted it was dangerous to bury nuclear waste , 63 percent of Individualists found him credible , while 85 percent of Egalitarians did .
And when the expert claimed it was safe to bury wastes , 78 percent of Individualists trusted him , while only 60 percent of Egalitarians did .
Concealed carry brought out deep differences between Individualists and Egalitarians .
When the expert in the survey declared concealed carry was risky , only 25 percent of Individualists thought him trustworthy and knowledgeable , while 78 percent of Egalitarians did .
When the expert asserted that legally concealed handguns prevented crime , 83 percent of Individualists trusted him , while only 51 percent of Egalitarians did .
So how can scientific information about risks be effectively communicated to the public and policymakers ?
To increase the chances of securing open - minded consideration of scientific findings , the Yale researchers argue that risk communicators " must strive to present it in a way that avoids making it needlessly threatening to the identities of one or another group of culturally diverse citizens . "
In other research the Yale team found that Hierarchical Individualists were more open to scientific evidence of man-made global warming when coupled with the suggestion that nuclear power might be a way to address the problem .
In another study on cultural reactions to vaccinating adolescent girls against human papillomavirus ( HPV ) , the Yale researchers used putative experts that reflected Hierarchical Individualist values ( grey - haired suited men ) and Egalitarian Communitarian values ( denim - shirted and bearded men ) .
When the grey - hairs opposed the vaccine , Hierarchical Individualists increased their opposition , and when the denim - shirts favored the vaccine , Egalitarian Communitarians increased their support .
Then the researchers inverted the expert - argument pairing , and they found that vaccine polarization disappeared .
The messengers mattered .
In other words , trotting out Al Gore to argue that global warming is a crisis will do nothing to convince doubters , nor will citing Sen. James Inhofe ( R - Okla . ) persuade believers that it 's a hoax .
In fact , opinions harden , argues Yale project researcher Kahan , when advocates clearly identified with particular cultural outlooks indulge in partisan rhetoric and ridicule opponents as corrupt or devoid of reason .
" This approach encourages citizens to experience scientific debates as contests between warring cultural factions — and to pick sides accordingly , " he notes .
Back in December 2008 , President - elect Barack Obama declared that science is " about ensuring that facts and evidence are never twisted or obscured by politics or ideology . "
In their latest working paper , the Yale Cultural Cognition project researchers conclude , " We believe it is more plausible to infer that both hierarchical individualists and egalitarian communitarians are fitting their perceptions of scientific consensus to their predispositions than that either has some advantage over the other in discerning what ' most expert scientists ' really believe . "
At least we can all agree it is the other guys ' politics and ideologies that are twisting facts and obscuring evidence .
Ronald Bailey is Reason 's science correspondent .
His book Liberation Biology : The Scientific and Moral Case for the Biotech Revolution is available from Prometheus Books .
Google Contacts needs to get better .
Google and Gmail devotees regularly deal with duplicate contacts , sync abnormalities , over - stuffed contact groups , and other problems .
Here are our best methods for fixing those annoyances yourself until Google does for real .
Advertisement
Photo by sidewalk flying .
Let 's be clear :
We love how Google Contacts functions as a centralized database of email addresses , phone numbers , birthdays , mailing addresses , IM handles , and much more for our various Google services .
Our readers generally dig it , too , though not without complaints about its sometimes unpredictable nature .
What I 'm aiming to do in this post is detail how Google Contacts works ( it 's probably not how you 'd expect ) , explain some fixes for common Contacts annoyances , help you clean up and organize your Contacts , and point out the proper way to sync Google Contacts to your various devices .
Advertisement
Best Contact Management Applications
Your contact list is growing larger every day , and so are the number of email addresses , instant …
Read more
How Google Contacts
Works
You do n't actually need a Gmail account to use Google Contacts , but Gmail is normally where most users start using Contacts .
If you use nearly any kind of Google service , Google has probably set up a Contacts section for you , which you can visit at google .com / contacts and start tinkering with .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
If you 're using Google Apps with a particular domain , your Contacts page can usually be found at google.com / contacts/a/sitename.com / , replacing sitename.com with your own organization 's URL .
Google Contacts acts a bit differently inside an Apps account , and can cause some stress when used alongside a " personal " Gmail account — but we 'll get to that in a bit .
Take some time to get familiar with the web interface , and learn what you can and can't do in it .
It is always , always the primary place to fix problems and negotiate sync issues with your various apps and devices — make a change here , and it 's the only way to ensure it will ( probably ) stick .
Google 's
Help section for Contacts does n't get nearly nitty - gritty enough , but a read - through does provide a few pointers .
The most helpful explainer is about Default contact groups , which really explains the five contact groups that you can't delete , rename , or change , and the one contact group that drives a lot of office app veterans nuts :
All Contacts :
Just what it sounds like — this is a list of everyone you 've composed an email to , or replied to , from this Google / Gmail account .
If you 're using an Android phone or the Google Voice service , you 'll also see people you 've called ( more than once ? ) show up here .
You do n't have a lot of say in the matter as to who goes into All Contacts , but if it ever feels like just too much information stashed away about your email , there are nuclear options , detailed below in " Fixes . "
Just what it sounds like — this is a list of everyone you 've composed an email to , or replied to , from this Google / Gmail account .
If you 're using an Android phone or the Google Voice service , you 'll also see people you 've called ( more than once ? ) show up here .
You do n't have a lot of say in the matter as to who goes into All Contacts , but if it ever feels like just too much information stashed away about your email , there are nuclear options , detailed below in " Fixes . "
My Contacts : Google automatically populates this group , and you can't delete it or manage who automatically goes into it , though you can manually add or remove individuals from it , as noted below .
Contacts in this group tend to rank higher in Gmail 's auto - completing address function , and in other Google apps , whenever you start typing .
Google automatically populates this group , and you can't delete it or manage who automatically goes into it , though you can manually add or remove individuals from it , as noted below .
Contacts in this group tend to rank higher in Gmail 's auto - completing address function , and in other Google apps , whenever you start typing .
Your Friends , Family , and Coworkers : Default groups , created by Google , and you can't delete them .
If Google Contacts was very , very smart about which contacts it created , which contacts it let into My Contacts , and how it syncs up and eliminates duplications between all your accounts , desktop apps , and devices that can access it , this would be the end of this post .
We soldier on , though , because there are many other points to discuss .
Default groups , created by Google , and you can't delete them .
If Google Contacts was very , very smart about which contacts it created , which contacts it let into My Contacts , and how it syncs up and eliminates duplications between all your accounts , desktop apps , and devices that can access it , this would be the end of this post .
We soldier on , though , because there are many other points to discuss .
Any group you create on your own : Create your own group , and Google wo n't automatically shove people or fake names / numbers into it , and if you 've got the right kind of phone or syncing app , you can make that your primary " People I Actually Correspond With " list .
Highly recommended .
Advertisement
We 'll get to the fixes and tweaks first , and then list some syncing tools that might help you connect Google Contacts in a better way to all your communication outlets .
Fixes
Advertisement
Remove contacts from My Contacts : My Contacts should only contain people who you would actually email , on your own , to update , ask something of , or chat real friendly - like .
It can , occasionally , get cluttered up with people you might have had one lengthy exchange with , but never plan to email again — a Craigslist buyer , perhaps .
To remove one or more people from My Contacts , scroll or search to find them , select them from the My Contacts list , then hit the Groups button and select the " Remove from : My Contacts " option .
No guarantees they wo n't go back there if you get into a real discussion by email or phone , but for most users , it 's not all that painful to do an occasional My Contacts purge .
Advertisement
Remove contacts from chat ( or add one in ) : Two solutions .
The first is to mouse over their name in your Gmail chat list , click the " Video & More " button in their name box .
From that drop - down , you can set their names to always or never appear , block them , or let Google / Gmail decide when you 've been chatting frequently enough to warrant a prime spot .
Advertisement
If a contact is n't in your chat list and you want them there , search out their contact name from the search box at the top of the chat list , mouse over the name result , and do the same kind of chat selection from the " Video & More " menu .
Advertisement
Stop new contacts from appearing in Chat :
The second , going - forward solution .
From Gmail 's Settings panel , head to the Chat section , and to the right of " Auto - add suggested contacts , " select the " Only allow people ... " option .
( Last two tips via Download Squad )
Remove Contacts from Google Wave :
You do so , according to The Complete Guide to Google Wave , by removing them from Google Contacts .
Advertisement
Import Facebook and LinkedIn contacts into Google :
It 's sometimes a smart move , since you 've already invested all that time into building your social networks .
The most reliable way we 've seen Facebook importation happen requires Firefox with Greasemonkey installed , a handy Greasemonkey script to go with it , and Nic Pfost 's helpful instructions .
( Original post )
Advertisement
As for Linked In , it 's much easier : click the " Export Connections " link at the bottom of your Contacts page , and you 'll be prompted to save a vCard or Outlook CSV file with your contacts , both of which Google Contacts accepts .
For a more continuous sync , try LinkedIn's Outlook Plug - In .
Advertisement
Duplicates
Advertisement
Manually remove all your duplicates at once : From the Contacts ' main startup page , look in the right - hand pane for the " Find duplicates " button .
You 'll see every entry in your contacts for which the names are the same , but email addresses , phone numbers , or other statistics are different .
Quickly scan the list and un-check false contacts , like Facebook and other automated reply addresses , then hit the " Merge " button in the upper right .
All your contacts are merged , with Google making its best guesses as to which email is home or work and so forth .
( Original post )
Advertisement
Carefully edit & merge a particular contact : Search their name from your main Contacts page .
Click all the results that pop up that relate to the same person , then hit the " Merge these X contacts " link that appears in the right - hand pane .
Fix the email assignments and other details in the editing pane that appears , hit the " Save " button up top , and two or more have become one .
( Original post )
Advertisement
Mysterious " blank " contacts :
This is most often the case with Android phones syncing to Google Contacts , and it 's known to many .
It 's suggested that using Google Voice to call or SMS contacts , then not using Google Voice to do the same , creates these empty , name - only contacts , because you are , technically , using a different number .
No fix at the moment that we 've found , but at least you know where the blanks are ( likely ) coming from .
Advertisement
BlackBerry duplicate fix :
If you 're using the Google Sync app to keep your BlackBerry and Gmail account in sync , here 's SudiptiNycteus ' instructions on forcing your phone to stop creating dupes :
Click and open contact folder click the berry button and look for Options Click on options Click the General Options Tab Under Actions you will see Allow Duplicate Names : Choose No
That 's it — no more duplicates using Google Sync
Advertisement
Make Android syncing selective :
By default , your Android phone syncs your entire " My Contacts " group — great if you 've kept it tidy , annoying if you only want a certain whitelist of friends and contacts to show up .
Open the Contacts app , head to the Contacts tab , hit the Menu button , and select " Display options . "
From this screen , you can choose which Google or Facebook accounts to sync , and which sub - groups inside those accounts you want shown .
A master switch at the top also allows syncing only of those contacts with phone numbers , though that seems like a kind of drastic dead man 's switch for such a Gmail - savvy phone .
( via Droidie , which also explains the sync fix procedure for HTC Sense - skinned phones ) .
Advertisement
The nuclear option — Export / Import to CSV file : Maybe none of the fixes above will do it for you .
Maybe they 'll take too much time .
You do have an option , if you sincerely want to massively detangle your contacts , or start over with just your Outlook address book , your iPhone / Android list , or whatever you 've got .
Find the Export link on the far - right side of the main Contacts page — it 's blue on blue , so they definitely do n't want you messing with it as a primary tool .
Hit Export , choose to export " Everyone " and do so in " Google CSV " form .
You 'll download a file , google.csv , that should open without much trouble in Microsoft Excel , OpenOffice.org , in Google Docs , or other spreadsheet apps .
Advertisement
It is much faster , easier , and , in some cases , formulaic to delete and fix entire rows and columns of data with your contacts inside a spreadsheet — no safety prompts , no buttons to push — just pure data .
Of course , you can also mess things up if you move a column left or right , so it 's a good idea to make a copy of your initial contact download , then keep that original copy somewhere safe and backed up — or just email it to yourself .
Once you 're done fixing up your contacts , you can make the call as to whether you 're ready to click on All Contacts , select the " All " link above the list , then hit " Delete " and wipe the slate clean .
You'd then re-import your CSV file into Google using the Import link , also on the right - hand side , and if you used the Google format , the contacts you chose to bring back should fit in just fine .
It 's not a permanent solution , but for those at their wit 's end , it 's easier than searching out and selectively fixing contacts person by person .
Advertisement
The Gmail / Google Apps Divide
Like Contacts itself , the confusion and division users of both personal Gmail and Google Contacts feel between their different Google -y platforms is something Google 's aware of , and more than one engineer has said a big , serious solution is coming .
Advertisement
In the meantime , Gina has addressed the divide at Smarterware , and noted that she 's had free syncing service Soocial recommended for syncing contacts across Gmail , Google Apps , Outlook , smartphones , and other platforms .
After authorizing through Google , you can connect multiple Gmail and Google Apps accounts , and link their contact lists .
Update :
This paragraph was corrected from an earlier version .
Syncing Tools
This is n't a complete list , by any means , but a primer on some of the tools we 've run across that keep Google Contacts updated with other platforms .
If you 've got your own favorite app or service for syncing with Google Contacts , tell us about it in the comments , and we 'll try to update this post with more options .
Advertisement
Almost every mobile phone :
All of Google 's desktop and phone syncing services
Google Apps to Outlook : Google Apps Sync for Microsoft Outlook
Google Apps Contacts shared to anywhere : Shared Contacts [ Google Apps Marketplace ; not free ]
Advertisement
Thunderbird : Google Contacts add - on or Zindus .
i Tunes / iPhone : Through iTunes 7.7 and later .
iTunes 7.7 Now Available For Download Windows and Mac OS X only : Apple just made the latest version of iTunes 7.7 available for download Read more
Advertisement
Mac Address Book : Built - in sync option , with or without an iPhone .
Advertisement
That 's our take on how Google Contacts can be made better and more livable — at least until Google steps up their game .
All app recommendations , clever fixes , and other suggestions are welcomed in the comments .
Voir une image est un logiciel de visualisation d'images bitmaps ( pixelisées ) avec cette version 1.2 permet aussi d'ouvrir et d'écrire des images Gif et Png , elle est capable de filtré des zones en couleurs dans son menu effect pour recoloriser ...
dans Delphi / Pascal le 27/09/2020
Today I wish to talk about ToyTown which is an online community , mainly a number of fora , where …
English speakers can share news , ask questions , post answers , make advertisements , organise sports and social events , discuss current affairs , make friends , and generally engage with each other .
Now as some of you – particularly those following me on twitter or facebook – might have heard , I ’ve been the victim of a real - life con ( I will post details about this soon ) as a result of which I started my own investigation to locate the perpetrator .
At the advice of a colleague , I decided to try and ask for help in the ToyTown fora something which would also raising awareness of this type of scam to people living in my area .
The reaction was a stunning display of hostility and mistrust , even after I went out of my way to substantiate my case .
For a place which prides itself on its helpfulness , this just did n’t make sense .
While I can understand people being snarky on someone who asks where to buy milk or not even making an attempt to use the search function , surely this
would not apply to my relatively unique thread right ?
Wrong .
Nevertheless , it quickly dawned on me that what was really happening was that the overwhelming negative response I perceived came from a small number of vocal people who seem to have in face a very heavy presence in the fora .
If one were to take the distinct people who posted in the thread and see their response , the reception was if not positive , at least neutral .
The positive replies however were drowned in a sea of abuse … from the same few antisocials , either
trolling , deliberately insulting or simply being stunningly xenophobic , while also being under the auspicious eye of the mods who silently approved of obviously trollish behaviour , as long as it came from the “ great old ones ” .
To make this fact abundantly clear , let me show you one of the comments that was posted in the second page :
Now you see , this is why Greece is in the shit .
And us German taxpayers are expected to sort your shit out for you .
Bloody charming .
And what ’s more , we are led to believe you got scammed by a Greenlander …or was it by any chance an Icelander ?
My reply to this borderline racist comment was to call the poster for the troll he is .
The result ?
My post got pulled by the mods because the rules of the community forbid you from calling others trolls .
Something which obviously facilitates their behaviour .
Surprised as I was from the results of asking for help in ToyTown , I asked my colleague as well as another , former colleague for their impressions .
The former , while not as surprised as I was , still did not expect hostility of this magnitude and admitted that he feared this would happen .
The latter said this among others …
yeah … trouble is ..it ’s the worst kind of forum , internet clique at its very worst mate –
If you are new , more often than not you are ridiculed … if you have been there a while you should know better …
Basically , be one of the normal 10 or 15 or forget about it .
Now both of these are expat brits mind you , very like the people who claim that this reaction is because people are expat .
Bullshit .
Just because you go to live in another country does not make people assholes .
No , what was at play here was nothing else than a community gone astray after having morphed into a “ old boys club ” .
Unfortunately it seems that the residents outside of this little clique have reached the point where they either passively accept this , or they feel helpless to do anything about it .
Soon afterwards a reaction post was in the forum where I believe everything bad with the community was put forth plainly .
Unfortunately , the result was not a good discussion as the OP would have liked but a pathetic attempt by the good ol ’ boys club and the moderators to skirt the issue with accusations of conspiracy or petty flamewars .
The points raised where barely touched , even though there is an obvious support from the silent majority as can be seen from the positive ranking of the OP ( which you must imagine persists despite the downvote brigade by those who like the community being difunctional )
So how come this situation persists even though it ’s obviously unwanted by a lot of the community members ?
The reason seems to be the same as to why any class society persists even though change is wanted by the majority of people living in it .
Inertia and Alienation .
You see , by now ToyTown has grown huge and it the stop for the english - speaking crowd in Germany .
As this just happened naturally just because there was a demand for it , the one who happened to start it first became the de-facto leader and a hierarchy formed below him .
First the mods and then the good ol ’ boys AKA the vocal minority .
Since ToyTown has always been the property of the admin , this situation has simply not been challenged , even though the value of the community lies in its numbers , not in its owners .
The site , much like a nation , will keep on growing regardless of the actions and abuses of the admins due to the existing demand for an english speaking site in Germany .
This leads to the the biggest challenge any new site will face when trying to setup a healthy community around the same goal .
Oobscurity .
The ToyTown administration and old boys club knows this and therefore have no reason to control their behaviour .
And this attitude only worsens the more a community grows larger .
This is the curse of all hierarchy .
Benevolent or not , it is corrupted by the sheer control that is centralized as it naturally grows .
Those at the top see themselves as increasingly benevolent even while their actions become more and more intolerant and authoritarian .
Those with social power , such as that coming from seniority or friends in high places , get more and more vain and expect that their social status grants them immunity from the same things that “ lesser mortals ” AKA newbies get punished for .
Those not in the upper strata of the community quickly learn what their place is and take on of two actions .
They either leave or keep their head down , find a niche and try to work within it .
As long as they do not draw the ire of the mods or the old boys club , they can function without many issues .
To challenge and stop abusive behaviour coming from those higher than them is impossible however .
The will of the mods will always be over the will of the old boys will always be over the will of the unwashed masses .
As a poster called Jimbo said :
however , I think the quote above is quite wrong – it belongs to Ed Bob , and ultimately , the site is therefore created in his image .
Or at least he allows it to be organic and grow in its own way .
Which is simply nonsensical .
A community without Ed Bob is still a community .
An Ed Bob without it is n’t .
To quote another user
Uh , no it does n’t and that is one of the huge problems around here .
The site belongs to the users and without the users E.Bob would not be in a position to make a chunk of change by selling out to The Local .
Our help and our comments made this site , he just gave us the vehicle .
The real life E.Bob is a pretty cool guy , but can we stop kissing the virtual E.Bob persona for once and for all ?
This is why hierarchy needs to be nipped in the bud .
There ’s no such thing as “ too little ” or “ just enough ” hierarchy .
Just look at how it can even corrupt children ’s relations in the same destructive manner .
It is just disruptive to healthy human relationships making good people authoritarian and allowing bad people to be cruel .
We need to learn to recognise this and start building our communities with this in mind from the start .
Even when structurally necessary , as is the case for web sites which require at the least an admin , a community built around them will immensely benefit the more such privilege is consciously removed .
ToyTown may be too far gone to fix and like many online communities before , it may eventually implode .
Just look at how quickly the immensely popular Richard Dawkins community self - immolated just by the actions of the few at the top who were completely disconnected from those at the bottom .
Such events are not uncommon and more importantly , I ’ve not heard of any of them which were not the result of hierarchical power gone bad .
Could it be salvaged somehow ?
Depends on how alienated the community is .
For those at the top , things will always look good of course .
They ‘re at the top .
This is why you see the vocal minority dismissing and trivializing the concerns others make .
Unfortunately , from what I saw at ToyTown , those who do not like how things are going are not convinced or confident that they can make a difference which is not exactly true .
I ’ve seen a few fora and communities which managed to change things via dedicated non-conformity and persisting objection ( think of almost everyone starting new threads to complain ) .
If something like this cannot work , the only solution is an exodus which unless it is made to a system built around avoiding the same issues will only be a temporary solution .
Whatever happens , at the end of the day the power to change things is in the hands of those interested in it .
The community itself , not the old boys club or Editor Bob .
As long as people are too scared or apathetic to act , nothing will change obviously .
For my part , I wash my hands of ToyTown .
I do not care to wade into sewers just to take a shortcut .
UPDATE : It seems this blog entry is being linked from a private forum of ToyTown .
I have no way of seeing what they ’re saying but I ’m guessing someone saw this post but was too scared to discuss it with the open public of the forum .
Much better to mock me behind closed doors apparently .
UPDATE2 : Given the responses that the second thread keeps receiving , I think this is appropriate
( h/t See Mike Draw )
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Twila Busby was Hank Skinner ’s soul mate .
“ We just fell together .
We just clicked , man , ” he says .
The two were hardly apart after they met at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting .
They would kiss in public and cuddled up on the couch to watch thrillers .
They were “ sick in love , ” Skinner says through a telephone receiver behind a Plexiglas window on Texas ’ death row unit in Livingston .
A jury found that Skinner was so sick in love that , in a jealous rage , he strangled Busby , bashed in her head and face with an ax handle and then stabbed to death her two mentally disabled adult sons on New Year 's Eve 1993 .
He was sentenced to death for the three murders .
His execution is scheduled for Feb. 24 .
The 47 - year - old does n’t deny he was in the small house in the tiny West Texas town of Pampa on the night of the murders or that the blood on his clothes that night belonged to 41 - year - old Busby and her sons .
But Skinner and his lawyers say there ’s no way he could have killed anyone ; he was so loaded on vodka and pills that he was nearly comatose .
They argue that his appointed trial attorney , a former district attorney who had previously prosecuted him for theft and assault , failed to adequately investigate other potential suspects .
They insist Texas is about to execute an innocent man — and the state has evidence that could prove it .
The night of the murders , police collected , among other items , clippings from Busby ’s broken fingernails , a rape kit , two knives from the crime scene , a bloodstained dish towel and a man ’s windbreaker with sweat and hair on it .
But most of it has never been DNA - tested .
During Skinner ’s trial , prosecutors tested some blood and hair from the scene , but not the fingernails , rape kit , knives , towel or windbreaker .
Over the last decade , the state has fought Skinner in court to keep it that way .
Prosecutors in Gray County and lawyers for the Texas Attorney General ’s Office say Skinner had his chance at trial to test the evidence but that he declined , and the jury spoke ; now , they say , it 's time for him to face the consequences .
“ It ’s already been handled , ” says Gray County District Attorney Lynn Switzer .
She ’s the third district attorney in Pampa to deal with Skinner , who has sued her in federal court , seeking to force release of the DNA .
“ He does n’t need to keep trying it over and over and over again .
It ’s already been handled . ”
Skinner ’s execution date approaches as Texas faces renewed scrutiny of its famously busy death row and the science used to convict the accused .
Since 1973 , just 11 death row inmates have been exonerated , according to the Death Penalty Information Center , while more than 440 have been put to death .
The New Yorker touched off a national debate last year about how many of those killed might have been innocent by posthumously profiling Cameron Todd Willingham , who was executed in 2004 after a jury convicted him of killing his three young children by arson in 1991 .
Before Willingham was executed , according to the story , the state ignored expert reports contending that the fire may have been accidental and calling the method used to prove that it was arson " junk science . "
A Texas Observer story earlier this month revealed that a psychologist the state has relied on to test the mental capacity of more than a dozen death row inmates used faulty methods to boost IQ scores so the men could meet the legal standard for the death penalty .
And in Dallas County , maverick District Attorney Craig Watkins has launched a Conviction Integrity Unit that has reviewed more than 400 cases in which DNA from crime scenes was still available to be tested and has discovered at least 15 wrongful convictions .
In Skinner ’s case , attorneys argue that prosecutors selectively used DNA testing to put a potentially innocent man on death row , and that the state is manipulating a 2001 law that allows post - conviction DNA testing to keep him on the path to the death chamber .
“ The case against him is not open and shut ; it ’s not ironclad , ” says attorney Rob Owen , co-director of the University of Texas at Austin ’s Capital Punishment Clinic .
“ And in a reasonable system , we ought to go the extra mile to rule out the possibility that he is an innocent man before going forward with the execution . ”
New Year ’s Nightmare
Skinner and Busby had plans that New Year ’s Eve .
They were supposed to go to a friend ’s house together , but Skinner got his celebration started early .
By the time the friend stopped by the house to get them , Skinner was already passed out on the couch .
He was so intoxicated from a codeine and vodka cocktail that even when the friend yanked repeatedly on his arm and hollered at him , Skinner did n’t budge .
So Busby went without him .
Friends at the party said Busby ’s intoxicated uncle , Robert Donnell , began stalking her there .
The two had a predatory incestuous relationship , according to several people who have testified in Skinner 's case .
A private investigator who looked into Donnell ’s past found a long criminal history , including convictions for vehicle theft , embezzlement and burglary .
He had served prison time , usually carried a large knife and told stories about having killed a man in a pool hall fight in Oklahoma .
Busby ’s friends described him as “ scary ” and said she had called them several times over the years to protect her from his frightening advances .
Agitated by Donnell ’s come-ons at the party , Busby left for home — the last time anyone admits to having seen Busby alive .
Donnell left the party shortly after , witnesses said , and there has never been a full accounting of his whereabouts that night .
Neighbors called police just before midnight when Busby ’s 22 - year - old son , Elwin “ Scooter ” Caler , showed up on their porch in his underwear , bleeding from multiple stab wounds .
Police followed a trail of blood back to Busby ’s house and walked in on a grisly scene .
She was sprawled on the living room floor , her face and head beaten to a pulp ; blood was splattered across the room .
Her other son , 20 - year - old Randy Busby , lay dead in his bunk bed , stabbed three times in the back .
Immediately , Gray County Sheriff Randy Stubblefield identified Skinner as the primary suspect .
He sent deputies to look for him in the attic and called in a dog to sniff out a crawl space below the house .
They arrested him blocks away hiding at a frightened former girlfriend ’s house , blood on his clothes , a deep gash in his hand .
The State ’s Case
Andrea Reed , the ex-girlfriend , was the state ’s star witness during the 1995 murder trial in Fort Worth ( it was moved because of the presumably prejudicial attention the crime received in Pampa ) .
Reed said Skinner was an alcoholic and a drug user .
A recovering addict herself , she had sponsored him and Busby in Alcoholics Anonymous but tried to stay away from Skinner , she said , because he had fallen off the wagon .
The night of the murders , she told jurors , Skinner showed up at her trailer house banging on the front door , intoxicated and disoriented , with blood on his clothes and his hand cut .
He told her he had been shot in the gut and stabbed in the shoulder , chest and arm .
He ordered her to stitch up his hand , she said , and threatened to kill her if she called the police .
“ I told him the only thing I had was fishing line .
And he had to get the fishing line , and I brought the Ambesol to deaden it , ” Reed testified .
“ And he kept heating and bending needles . ”
As Reed attempted to stitch his wound , Skinner told her wild stories about how he ’d gotten injured .
First , he said he had been drinking vodka and smoking crack with Busby when “ some Mexicans ” came to the front door brandishing knives .
At another point in the more than three hours he spent at her house , Skinner told Reed that he had caught Busby in bed with her ex-husband .
He started to tell yet another story about a man breaking into the house , Reed said , but he did n’t finish that one .
Then , after swearing her to secrecy , Skinner told Reed he thought he had killed Busby .
“ He said he thought he had kicked her to death , ” she told the jury .
John Mann , then the Gray County district attorney , showed jurors DNA testing on blood that covered swaths of Skinner ’s clothes , and on blood and hair from Randy Busby ’s bedding and body .
The DNA put Skinner in the house at the time of the murders .
His bloody palm prints were also found at the scene .
Though toxicology tests indicated Skinner had nearly lethal levels of drugs and alcohol in his system , the prosecution argued the habitual user had enough tolerance that he would have been capable of killing Busby and the boys .
After all , he had the physical strength to walk several blocks to hide out at Reed ’s house and the mental clarity to keep her from calling the police .
The jury condemned Skinner to death in less than two hours .
“ Hellfighters ”
Skinner grew up in Virginia and moved to Pampa in 1981 after divorcing his first wife .
He wanted a clean start and had heard good things about the oil business .
“ I ’d seen [ ' Hellfighters ' ] with John Wayne , Boots and Coots , Red Adair and all that , you know .
And so , man , I wanted to come out here to Texas , ” he says .
A jack of all trades , Skinner says he made good money doing everything from welding to installing drywall to working on cars .
He also did paralegal work for a local criminal attorney , helping out friends who'd gotten tossed in the clink .
That , he says , is how he made enemies in the Pampa law enforcement community .
Of course , his hard drinking and partying ways also caught the attention of local officials .
He had a history of committing petty crimes and had been prosecuted for car theft and assault .
“ I look at everything as an opportunity , and I live life like an adventure , " Skinner says .
" Somehow or another , man , I irritate people with my lifestyle . ”
Police turned to him as a suspect in the murders because it was convenient , Skinner says , and “ because I was a pain in their ass . ”
Skinner contends he was unconscious on the couch , still reeling from the effects of the liquor and the pills , when the murderer attacked his girlfriend and her sons .
His blood alcohol content was .24 — three times the legal level of intoxication , .08 .
Toxicology tests showed Busby was also drunk at the time of the murder and that she struggled mightily , breaking her fingernails as she tried to fend off her attacker .
And her boys , though mentally challenged , were physically huge .
Caler was more than 6 feet tall and weighed more than 220 pounds ; Skinner is only 5 feet 8 inches tall .
“ This whole case is nothing but a pack of lies from the beginning to the end , ” Skinner says .
The way he tells it now , a bleeding and dying Caler managed to rouse him from his chemical - induced lethargy , probably by splashing water in his face .
Startled , Skinner says he fell off the couch onto shards of glass from a light fixture the killer broke while wielding the ax handle against Busby .
That ’s how he got the cut .
“ It hurt me so bad I jerked my hand back , and when I did I fell the rest of the way , ” he says , displaying the scar on the palm of his hand .
“ And when I was laying flat on the floor , that ’s when I saw my girlfriend and what was done to her . "
With the ailing Caler propping him up , Skinner says , he left the house to look for help .
Caler went to a nearby neighbor ’s house , while Skinner headed for the party to get help from the men there .
In his stupor , Skinner says he could only walk a few steps before he would fall to the ground .
Then he would crawl and try to walk again , only to fall back down and crawl a little farther .
He only made it as far as Reed ’s house , he says .
Skinner says
Reed helped him willingly that night and that he never threatened her .
And in a 1997 affidavit , Reed recanted her incriminating trial testimony .
She claimed she was intimidated into testifying against Skinner by the police , who told her , she said , that she could face charges if she had helped him .
She said Skinner did n’t threaten to kill her and was too intoxicated to carry out such a threat or to have murdered three people .
“ I believe that his statement about kicking Twila to death was just a drunken fantasy , like the other violent stories that he told me to explain how he was injured , ” Reed wrote .
Skinner has always proclaimed his innocence , but state and federal courts have rejected 15 years of his pleadings .
Still , as his execution date draws near , Skinner and his advocates continue to wage a legal fight for additional DNA testing .
Only then , they say , will Texas know whether Skinner or a third person was the real killer .
“ They have no right to kill me , ” Skinner says , “ because I ’m innocent , innocent , innocent . ”
Tomorrow : Journalism students to the rescue ?
I have stated on the web months ago that the Tea Party Movement needs to keep in check the fringe element that continues to attend their rallys spurring hatred versus discourse .
And with the Republican party leaning heavily on the momentum of the Tea Party , they have not done a good enough job vetting the folks that claim to be a part of it .
Now we have stories of people in Tea Party protests yelling “ nigger ” as Rep.
John Lewis walks by among other things .
Before people think I am calling every Tea Party member or every Republican a racist , I am not .
I honestly believe there are no more racists in the Republican Party than the Democratic Party .
HOWEVER , there has for the past 40 plus years a perception that Republicans are more heavily racist .
So they should be extra careful with whom they associate .
As for the Tea Party , not only the leadership needs to come out strongly and consistently against this fringe element but the rank and file members need to weed out the haters and the racists .
Why ?
Because now no one is talking about any potential arguments you may have against the healthcare bill ; they are talking about how racist you are .
And like in the cartoon , you are letting the fringe element define your agenda and others perception of you .
For all those aspiring billionaries who want to know what 1 billion dollars in cold hard cash looks like , wonder no more .
One Billion Dollar is stacked on 12 standard pallets , altogether 10 million 100 USD notes .
One Billion Dollar is not so much about what you see but what you could do or not do with the money .
Get a good look folks , because you ’re sure as hell never gonna see it in real life .
The ' Content - Aware Fill ' tool allows you to remove unwanted items , like camera lens flare and stray pieces of trash or out - of - place rocks with just a couple of clicks .
Adding , moving and repairing just got a whole lot easier – all you have to do is select the problem area with the Content - Aware Fill tool , click and Photoshop does the rest .
Check out the video below for a demo .
Internet sensation Fred .
Would his parents have let him jack up their broadband bill with all of his video uploads ?
Credit : YouTube.com
Pay - per - download
Internet may sweep the industry sooner than you think .
At the AT&T investor conference Tuesday , Chief Executive Randall Stephenson -- in addition to cooling expectations for Apple 's 3G - enabled iPad -- addressed a more long - term idea that 's unpopular with many tech enthusiasts .
Yep , metered Internet access .
" For the industry , we 'll progressively move towards more of what I call variable pricing , so the heavy [ - use ] consumers will pay more than the lower consumers , " Stephenson said in the webcast of the meeting .
The telecom industry has rumbled for some time about charging consumers based on household usage .
The Federal Communications Commission opposes the telecom companies ' other proposed option -- limiting access to certain sites on a pay scale , the way cable companies do with TV channels .
The debate over Net neutrality , as the issue is called , has been a hot topic among government officials and lobbyists .
He said : '' From the moment I laid on eyes on him I knew he was someone special - he had such a cheeky smile and mischievous personality , you could n't help but be charmed by him .
KTouch 's homepage has has moved to a new home with more love and care ..
Long live KTouch .
I am currently working at Teoritentamen .no
Haavard
As many Americans begin to realize that it will be years ( if not decades ) before their houses are worth what they owe on them , the idea of walking away from your mortgage is going mainstream .
Not surprisingly , the mortgage industry is doing everything it can to prevent this , including telling homeowners that they have a " moral obligation " to pay .
But do they ?
Is it okay to walk away from your mortgage for no other reason than it does n't make financial sense to keep throwing your hard - earned money away ?
There 's no universal answer here , but in most cases , the answer is " Yes . "
Importantly , the reason is not that " Wall Street deserves it " or " We 've got to teach the banks a lesson " or any of the other bogus " retribution " logic being thrown around .
The reason is that you and your lender engaged in an arms - length transaction in which you balanced your competing interests and spelled out your agreement and obligations in a clear contract .
And unless that contract states that you have a " moral obligation to pay , " you do n't .
Specifically , when you borrowed money to buy your house , the bank or mortgage - lender evaluated the risk of the transaction and concluded that the risk of your not paying was a risk worth taking .
To protect its money , the lender also required that you pledge the house as collateral , and it required you to have some equity in the house as an additional cushion .
In the event that you did n't pay , the lender retained the right to seize the house , sell it , and pay itself off before you got your equity .
The lender loaned you the money because it concluded that this was a smart business decision .
You , meanwhile , also made a business decision .
You decided to borrow money to buy your house even though it meant risking your equity , home , and credit rating .
And now it turns out that both of you made a bad decision .
Fortunately , you do n't have to fight about what happens next .
The contract spells everything out :
If you stop paying , the lender gets the house .
That 's it .
Unless the contract specifically differentiates between a failure to pay based on hardship ( involuntary ) and a failure to pay based on a collapse in the value of the house ( voluntary ) , there 's no difference .
If you had a " moral obligation to pay , " that would be spelled out in the contract .
Now , compare this to a situation in which you DO have a moral obligation to pay :
When you borrow money from a friend at no interest , for example .
THAT is a moral obligation to pay .
In this case , your friend did not lend you money to make a profit .
Your friend loaned you money as a favor -- with no collateral or contract .
And here 's another way of looking at it :
If you have a " moral obligation " to pay your mortgage , does n't the bank have a " moral obligation " to keep you in your house ?
After all , they loaned you the money to buy it , got your hopes up , moved your family , etc .
( And , no , of course the bank does n't have this moral obligation ) .
Just because you do n't have a moral obligation to pay your mortgage , of course , does n't mean it 's smart or even the right thing to walk away .
In fact , the best solution would likely be for you and your lender to compromise ( mortgage modification ) .
That 's what companies often do .
Also , abandoning your house can screw your neighbors .
And you may live in in a state with " recourse " laws , in which your mortgage lender can go after other assets .
Etc .
You can learn more about that here >.
But do n't let the mortgage industry guilt you into paying from some " moral obligation . "
You both made a business decision .
It turned out to be a bad one .
That 's why you have a contract .
See Also :
How To Walk Away From Your Mortgage
All Arguments About Why You Can Walk Away From Your Mortgage Are Pathetic
When Is It Okay To Walk Away ?
Back in 1960 the New York Times reported that Albert Camus had died in a car crash , and that his body had been moved to a nearby town where the “ Algerian - born writer ’s body ” was draped in a “ large French flag ” .
Even in death the tension between France and Algeria , an opposition that haunted Camus his entire life , continued .
How appropriate and how absurd that , on the eve of the 50th anniversary of his death this January , France was once again divided over his legacy .
President Sarkozy ’s efforts to inter Camus ’s body in the Pantheon to mark this anniversary , have led voices on the left such as Olivier Todd , Camus ’s biographer , to accuse Sarkozy of trying to hijack the writer ’s legacy for his own political benefit .
There were even charges in the French press of grave - robbing .
Foreigners may think this absurd .
But few writers wrestled as heroically with the absurd as Camus , and even fewer in the knowledge that they would inevitably fail .
The absurdities begin with Camus ’s proposed resting place , the Pantheon .
Think of Mount Rushmore shrunk and shipped to Cooperstown .
Looming over Paris , with “ Aux grands hommes , la patrie reconnaissante ” inscribed across its pediment , this neo-classical pile is dedicated to perpetuating the memory of , well , great men .
( The only woman who got in was Marie Curie . )
Yet , as soon as the ceremonial pomp and circumstance ends and the tombs close on these great men , their compatriots forget them .
Victor Hugo , Jean Moulin , Emile Zola , Voltaire , Rousseau are known to most Frenchmen ( and women ) .
The other 70 or so residents are like character actors in old movies : we know we have seen them but cannot remember their names and wo n’t wait for the credits .
Commissioned by Louis XV and designed by Jacques Soufflot , the Church of Sainte Geneviève had scarcely opened for business when the French Revolution kidnapped the limestone hulk and relabelled it the Pantheon .
Over the next century , the building changed identities as often as France changed regimes .
When a republic sent a king packing , the crosses were taken down and the famous inscription put back up ; when a monarchy ( or a Napoleon ) returned , the inscription was removed and the crosses dusted off .
Only in 1885 , when the Third Republic lowered Victor Hugo into the building ’s bowels , did the Pantheon become a republican shrine in perpetuity .
While the nation ’s thank you note to great men flickered on and off outside the dome , there was turmoil inside as well .
For every newly minted grand homme , an older one was taken out of circulation .
Robespierre and his fellow terrorists pushed out the first resident , le Comte de Mirabeau , soon after they inducted JP Marat .
It was no accident that Mirabeau ’s political moderation , unlike Marat ’s bloody - minded fanaticism , was disliked by the Terror .
Nor was it coincidental that , with Robespierre ’s overthrow , Marat was hustled out the Pantheon ’s back door .
( He ended up in a neighbouring church and , contrary to popular belief , was n’t chucked into the sewers . )
This game of musical mausoleums may seem absurd , but the symbolism was serious .
Republican and reactionaries in France both understood the stakes involved : the Pantheon sought to create a new collective character , secular and republican , opposed to the older French identity associated with throne and altar .
But this was not easily done in a nation as divided as France over its revolutionary legacy .
The Pantheon widened rather than bridged France ’s ideological rift .
Camus was born in French Algeria , where Arab nationalists justified their bloody struggle for independence by the same revolutionary values with which France had justified its own imperial rule for more than a century .
Long before he won fame as author of The Stranger , Camus gained notoriety in Algiers in the late 1930s as a muckraking journalist , penning savage exposés of the French colonial enterprise .
In his reports on starving Berbers or unjustly imprisoned Arabs , Camus was a consistent thorn in the side of his fellow pied noirs , the European settlers in Algeria who , unlike the Arabs and Berbers , became French citizens .
For Camus , French rule was not just inhumane , but also self - contradictory : France had failed to live up to its revolutionary trilogy of liberty , equality and fraternity .
But rather than abandon Algeria , he thought , France had instead to shoulder its republican heritage : “ If we have but one duty in this country , ” he warned , “ it is to permit a people so proud and humane to remain true to itself and its destiny . ”
By the mid-1950s most Arabs believed this destiny would be realised only through independence .
But such a prospect repelled Camus , who was as attached to his native Algeria as he was to France ’s republican credo .
By then a writer closely identified with man ’s struggle for meaning in an absurd world , Camus tried to parlay his fame into the achievement of a meaningful and just settlement in Algeria .
He insisted that pieds noirs and Arabs were condemned to live together .
But as the Battle of Algiers revealed , the two peoples seemed condemned to go on killing one another .
Camus then fell silent on the torment of Algeria .
He never again spoke publicly about the tragedy , apart from his remark that he believed in justice , but would defend his mother ( who lived in Algiers ) before justice .
In January 1960 , when he died in a car crash in southern France at the age of 46 , his silence became permanent .
This silence is fitting .
Instead of imposing a simple story about the past , the Pantheon , as a lieu de memoire , a site of memory or commemoration , spurs opposing national accounts .
The French left denounces the right ’s effort to kidnap Camus ’s legacy , while the right ridicules the left ’s wilful blindness to Camus ’s true political allegiance .
The left sees the Gaullist president ’s proposal as a means to disguise the French role in the Algerian tragedy , while the right insists that Camus is a reminder that the war need never have taken place – that the French civilising mission was a good and great thing .
The glacial stillness of the Pantheon offers the proper coda to Camus ’s last silence .
True despair is not born , he believed , when we face a stubborn opponent or in the exhaustion of unequal combat .
It comes “ when we no longer know why we are struggling , or , indeed , if struggle is necessary ” .
This best explains his silence .
The truths in Algeria were , for Camus , incompatible .
His very life , not his native land , was an abstraction .
Yet the abstract truths of 1789 were no less real and deeply felt .
Accepting the Nobel Prize , Camus remarked that “ silence takes on a terrifying sense ” .
Fifty years later , we still can hear Camus ’s silence .
To which the glacial stillness of the Pantheon may well offer the proper home .
Aux grands silences , le monde reconnaissant .
( To moments of great silence , a grateful world . )
We 've been begging the DCCC to use some of the millions of dollars they suck up to mount an effective campaign against Wisconsin Congressman Paul Ryan .
They refuse -- and he 'shad a serious opponent despite being in a swing district that 's filled with Democratic elected officials , a district in fact , that Obama won in 2008 .
Paulette Garin is an energetic and intelligent grassroots candidate from a proud Wisconsin union family .
She does n't know any Wall Street bankers , but even if she did , what good would it do ?
Wall Street has Ryan singled out -- just the way they singled out Rahm Emanuel and Harold Ford -- as easily corruptible politicians who can carry their agenda into high places .
And they have big plans for Ryan -- Herb Kohl 's Senate seat , the governor 's mansion , a cabinet job ... the presidency .
The GOP paints him as a serious guy .
He is n't .
He 's a clown and an ill - educated , ignorant boob .
But when I talk with Democrats about working on unseating him now , before he can really do some damage -- like implementing the budget he 's written for Republicans that would lead to abolishing the social safety net , including Social Security and Medicare -- they just shrug and say he 'll be moving on eventually and they 'll grab the seat when it 's empty .
That 's why I have no sympathy for a DCCC that 's about to get its lunch eaten by a mob of teabagging sociopaths and Wall Street puppets .
Chris Van Hollen is going to lose the DCCC chair to someone twenty times worse than he is -- Debbie Wasserman Schultz , the female Rahm Emanuel .
Please look into helping Paulette Garin take this one on herself .
Watch what Rachel Maddow had to say about Ryan tonight : Stop Paul Ryan now , before it 's too late , too late for you , for your children , for America .
This guy is dangerous , really dangerous -- and Sarah Palin 's favorite Republican for a good reason .
Labels : DCCC , Paul Ryan , Paulette Garin , Rachel Maddow
Headline :
So now you ’re angry at the government ?
( –
If this works ; if not feel free to use a different headline / kicker )
Kicker : Welcome to the club ; we ’ve been waiting for you .
As a libertarian , I am quite used to being labeled an extremist or member of fringe politics .
Whenever I call out the government for things like an imperial foreign policy , a dangerously inflationary monetary policy , or a corporate welfare system that socializes the losses of corporations while privatizing their profits , there is always someone waiting to criticize my views as treasonous and near - terroristic in content .
While leftists usually attempt to actually engage me in debate , it is more often than not people who consider themselves “ moderates ” or “ moderate conservatives ” that label me such an extremist .
While I will not get into the philosophical buffoonery that typically entails “ moderate ” political thought , I do have to admit that since the recent passing of health care I have been astounded and somewhat confused at the reaction of much of the moderate political community .
When I logged on to Facebook and Twitter following the health care vote , my respective news feeds were full of posts by individuals claiming that it was time to revolt against the federal government or secede .
Considering who some of my friends on Facebook are , such posts are normally not all that unusual .
However , these posts were not being made by my “ extremist ” libertarian friends .
They were being made by the very people who have for years called me “ crazy ” for my anti-government views .
I was fascinated at this phenomenon .
My protests over things like a criminally inflationary monetary system , a war on drugs that punishes the poor at the benefit of pharmaceuticals and law - enforcement agencies , and wars in the Middle East that have been raging on and off for over 30 years with no end in sight won me the label of an extremist loon .
But advocating extreme reactions in the face of health care reform seemed to be a perfectly acceptable position .
I had to be sure that I was not making a hasty generalization about the behavior of millions of people based on nothing more than my Facebook feed .
After a bit of research , it would seem that this sort of reaction is at least to some degree occurring across the United States .
It seems to me that such protests are fueled by anger at the government for getting involved where they do not belong and passing legislation that could have dire consequences for both our freedom and our economy .
Not to be smug , but I have to ask the obvious question — is this anything new ?
Firstly , government - led destruction of our health care system has been going on for decades .
Obamacare is simply the latest in a pattern of government claiming to solve problems while merely creating new ones and exacerbating old ones .
However , health care is far from the only arena where this takes place .
If protesters are so angry and hostile at a government takeover of health care , where is this anger on other issues ?
This is not to say that I disagree with those protesting the new health care bill — I am right there in the trenches with you .
However , I also would advocate reflecting on why a government takeover of health care is such a terrible thing .
If moderates and conservatives are unwilling to tolerate a government takeover of health care , then why has there not been a similar uproar over things like the Federal Reserve , which currently has the power to regulate our entire banking system , the war on drugs , which is essentially just another example of the government playing both paternalist and doctor , and an imperial foreign policy that has expanded into a $ 1 trillion economic leech with no reduction in sight ?
Big - government liberals won a big victory yesterday , but that does n’t mean that we ca n’t fight back .
However , if we are going to win that fight our political ammunition cannot be pragmatically - based double - speak attempting to push the government out of one part of our life while holding onto government intervention in other sectors .
If we do not want our government running our lives for us and always doing what they think is “ best , ” then we need to figure out what place government should take , and keep them within these limits .
Government cannot be confined to certain sectors and left out of others — for example , government control of health care involves government control of the insurance sector , which involves control of the financial sector , and so on and so forth .
I empathize with those moderate Americans who are livid with the government after this weekend ’s events .
I hope that the recent health care bill will be a wakeup call to this demographic that our fight against big government cannot be one of pragmatism , but rather must be one of principle .
We have to make it clear to our government that we do not need them telling us how to live our lives or intervening in the economy against our will simply because they “ know what ’s best . ”
When we are able to rally together and denounce such intervention with one consistent voice , we then will be able to begin rolling back programs like ObamaCare .
Elliot Engstrom is a senior French major at Wake Forest University , and aside from his schoolwork blogs for Young Americans for Liberty and writes at his own Web site , Rethinking the State .
" Battle not with monsters lest ye become a monster ;
and if you gaze into the abyss , the abyss gazes into you . "
- Friedrich Nietzsche
" It 's like , how much more black could this be ?
... and the answer is none .
None more black . "
- Nigel Tufnel , This is Spinal Tap
From the sublime to the ridiculous : musings on horror , movies ,
indie filmmaking , digital technology and general weird stuff .
how can you make it as a private eye in a man ’s world , let alone a hermaphrodite horse wearing a diaper ’s world whose number of limbs increase with level of sexual arousal
Sen. Joe Lerberman ( I - Conn . ) says the legislation ' got a bad name under the Bush adminstration . '
House votes to renew Patriot Act
After a wave of news about attempted domestic terror attacks , Democrats facing a tough election year quietly voted this week to extend the Patriot Act legislation that many of them had decried under former President George W. Bush .
The House passed a one - year reauthorization of the Patriot Act Thursday night 315 - 97 , just a day after the Senate moved the bill on a late - evening unanimous voice vote .
Advertisement
With the law facing a sunset date of Feb. 28 , the Senate opted to vote for the extension of three crucial provisions of the act rather than opening debate on a revised bipartisan plan passed by the Judiciary Committee in October that would have imposed stricter privacy safeguards .
“ In the end , it became non-controversial , ” Senate Committee on Homeland Security Chairman Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) told POLITICO .
“ [ There was ] the growing concern about increase on the pace of attacks on the homeland ... and frankly , I think the Patriot [ Act ] got a bad name under the Bush Administration . ”
Lieberman said FBI Director Robert Mueller and Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano emphasized to his committee the importance of extending the three renewed provisions : authorizing court - approved roving wiretaps that cover multiple phones or computers a suspect may use , court - approved search and seizures , and allowing surveillance of “ lone wolf ” non-U.S. citizens not affiliated with organized terrorist groups .
The Homeland Security Chairman never was on board with the Patriot Act amendments passed in the Judiciary Committee this fall that would have added additional privacy protections , which were supported by Republican leaders Jon Kyl ( R - Ariz . ) and John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) .
Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt. ) expressed disappointment Thursday that his bill never made it to the floor .
“ I wish eventually we could have what we put through committee — it was a bipartisan change — I think it improved it . ”
Leahy conceded .
Democratic leadership passed the extender bill Wednesday with little fanfare — bundling all reauthorization votes of expiring legislation into one , under the name of a Medicare reform act , and putting out a release afterward only criticizing the Republican opposition to the failed provisions with no mention of the Patriot Act 's passage .
More progressive members of Democratic caucus , including Judiciary Committee member Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - R.I. ) , lamented the loss of GOP support for the once - embraced committee legislation Thursday even as they acknowledged that passing the extension was necessary .
“ It had to happen , ” Whitehouse said of reapplying the current law .
“ There was a sense that even the bipartisan supporters of the bill that came out of Judiciary could no longer be counted on to vote for it ... positions had changed since the agreement was reached in committee . ”
With the attempted Christmas Day bombing and the attacks at Fort Hood affecting public perception and jam - packed domestic legislative calendar , many Democrats felt they had little choice but to reauthorize the bill .
Meanwhile , Republicans have scored the vote as a victory , with one GOP aide saying that security realities have caught up with politics for those who once contested the act .
Cornyn , who is chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , pointed to Majority Leader Harry Reid ’s tight Senate schedule and the Obama administration ’s recent national security stumbles as possible reasons why the extension got a hushed approval Wednesday night .
“ I think the majority leader probably just decided that was one fight he did n't have time for on the Senate floor , ” Cornyn told POLITICO .
“ National security is pretty important .
I think the White House , and particularly the Department of Justice , stubbed their toe on things like interrogation of detainees , mirandizing terrorists and the like , and so those issues no doubt would have come up . ”
The relative silence of Senate Democrats sharply contrasts with the fire they threw at Republicans during the Bush Era , and Whitehouse said the muted tone came from the turnover in the Oval Office .
“ I think there 's probably a stronger sense that the civil liberties concerns are less likely to be triggered by Obama administration activities than the Bush administration activities ... that really damaged its credibility as any kind of guardian of American civil liberties , ” Whitehouse said .
“ Maybe that 's the reason they let this thing go without too much of a fight . ”
But civil rights groups such as the American Civil Liberties Union have n’t accepted that idea , and continue to argue that the Patriot Act ’s provisions enable the abuses of power regardless of who is in the Oval Office .
An ACLU spokesman expressed disappointment that Congress failed to enact any “ substantive change ” to the act , adding that the organization realizes that Democrats felt this was a “ very inopportune time ” to pass a revised bill .
Several congressmen against reauthorization also spoke out Thursday .
“ I understand that we are facing a deadline this weekend , but I also believe that we have an obligation to do more than punt .
That is effectively what we are doing today .
We are punting to the next Congress , ” Rep. Jerrold Nadler ( D - N.Y. ) said on the House floor .
“ I regret that we are not going to continue this process of improving the Patriot Act .
Our nation , and our liberties , will suffer .
I hope that this vote today will not stop my colleagues from continuing to improve our intelligence gathering laws . ”
Rafaela Espinal held her first poolside chat last summer , offering cheese , crackers and apple cider to draw people to hear her pitch .
She keeps a handful of brochures in her purse , and also gives a few to her daughter before she leaves for school each morning .
She painted signs on the windows of her Chrysler minivan , turning it into a mobile advertisement .
It is all an effort to build awareness for her product , which is not new , but is in need of an image makeover : a public school in Harlem .
As charter schools have grown around the country , both in number and in popularity , public school principals like Ms. Espinal are being forced to compete for bodies or risk having their schools closed .
So among their many challenges , some of these principals , who had never given much thought to attracting students , have been spending considerable time toiling over ways to market their schools .
They are revamping school logos , encouraging students and teachers to wear T - shirts emblazoned with the new designs .
They emphasize their after - school programs as an alternative to the extended days at many charter schools .
A few have worked with professional marketing firms to create sophisticated Web sites and blogs .
Lamenta el hecho de que algunos diputados de Acci�n Nacional hayan renunciado a la hist�rica defensa de su partido por apuntalar las libertades a las que tiene derecho todo hombre
Hugo Valdemar Sobre la reforma al art�culo 40 : � No tiene como fin defender el estado laico , sino acotar la libertad religiosa de los ciudadanos .
( Foto : EFE )
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Jueves 11 de febrero de 2010
Juli�n S�nchez | El Universal
19:47
Save up to 10 % when you buy more
Why should we care about the Proposition 8 same - sex marriage trial in San Francisco ?
Most people are n’t gay or lesbian .
Many think marriage is unimportant .
Others feel Afghanistan , unemployment , Haiti and health care are much more deserving of attention .
Proposition 8 struck down a California Supreme Court decision allowing same - sex couples to marry .
The proposition ’s constitutionality is being challenged by a lawsuit in which the lead defenders of same - sex marriage are conservative Theodore Olson and liberal Democrat David Boies , who opposed each other in Bush v. Gore in 2000 .
We should be cheering for them .
When same - sex couples are denied the right to marry , they are treated unequally by the law , viewed as lesser human beings .
“ Legalizing same - sex marriage would … be a recognition of basic American principles and would represent the culmination of our nation ’s commitment to equal rights , ” Olson wrote in Newsweek .
A hero to the right when he won Bush v. Gore , Olson now finds himself fighting the fundamentalist Christians who helped George W. Bush win that narrow election .
In this trial , Olson , Boies and the others on their team are establishing the legal groundwork for an eventual hearing before the U.S. Supreme Court .
That ’s where this case is headed , most legal experts agree .
It ’s unlikely that the court , with its present composition , will legalize gay marriage in the United States .
But Olson thinks there ’s a chance .
No doubt a major weapon will be the presentation of overwhelming evidence of unequal treatment of gays and lesbians .
Under the Defense of Marriage Act , signed in 1996 by President Bill Clinton and supported by President Barack Obama , the federal government does not recognize same - sex marriage .
Aside from frustrating all the gays and lesbians who might want to marry , the ban on same - sex marriage is particularly unfair to those who married in the five states that recognize such marriages and the 18,000 wed in California before the passage of Proposition 8 .
Even though they have rights in their home states , they do not have them in the rest of the country or in their dealings with the federal government .
I talked about this with Jackie Goldberg , one of the nation ’s most influential gay and lesbian activists .
As a member of the California state Assembly , she was the author of the state ’s domestic partner law .
While a University of California student , she was a leader of Berkeley ’s free speech movement .
She fought for desegregation of Los Angeles schools as a school board member and served on the Los Angeles City Council .
She and her longtime partner , Sharon Stricker , were married during the short time such unions were legal in California .
Even though Goldberg and Stricker have a legal marriage in their own state , they are denied a wide range of federal benefits .
If Goldberg dies , “ none of my benefits will go to my spouse , ” she said .
These include survivor benefits for Social Security and related programs .
Also , same - sex couples do not get as much aid for the needy aged , blind and disabled as straight men and women who are married .
Married heterosexuals are eligible for Medicaid even though only one spouse is ill .
That does n’t apply to legally married same - sex couples , according to the Government Accountability Office .
Only heterosexual married couples are eligible for federal low - income housing subsidies or assistance for purchasing affordable housing .
Nor are same - sex married couples eligible for a variety of veterans ’ spousal and survivor benefits , including pensions , indemnity compensation for service - connected deaths , medical care , nursing home care , right to burial in veterans cemeteries , educational assistance and housing .
The same is true in the case of survivors of nonmilitary federal workers .
In addition , federal tax law discriminates against gay and lesbian married couples .
Their gifts to each other can be taxed , as can property transfers from one spouse to another .
They are denied the tax advantages of filing a joint federal return .
In all , the GAO counted more than 1,000 federal statutes in which marital status plays a part in determining various federal benefits , monetary and otherwise .
Domestic partnership counts for nothing in the eyes of the federal government .
All of this is powerful evidence of unequal treatment .
But there ’s more to the story than legalities .
As Olson wrote , “ We encourage couples to marry because the commitments they make to one another provide benefits not only to themselves but also to their families and communities .
Marriage requires thinking beyond one ’s needs .
It transforms two individuals into a union based on shared aspirations , and in doing so establishes a formal investment in the well - being of society .
The fact that individuals who happen to be gay want to share in this vital institution is evidence that conservative ideals enjoy widespread acceptance .
Conservatives should celebrate this , rather than lament it . ”
Goldberg also talked about community .
“ Part of the reason that people get married in public is because it is a way of saying we are establishing a family in this community , ” she told me .
In the past , she performed marriages of opposite - sex couples .
“ I used to ask the audience to make a commitment to this couple that they recognize the importance of this and will support them when times get tough , ” she said .
Although they had been a couple for some 30 years , getting married and becoming part of such a community , with its rights and obligations , was profoundly moving to Goldberg and Stricker .
“ It shocked me how emotional I was ; I was stunned .
We both were crying , ” Goldberg said .
The U.S. Supreme Court does n’t make it easy to follow the trial , having voted 5 - 4 against permitting a delayed video on YouTube .
But you can learn a lot from live blogging on the Prop 8 Trial Tracker and firedoglake .
Check them out .
The 15 - year - old girl thought the three security guards in the Seattle bus tunnel would protect her from attack .
She was wrong .
As the footage below shows , the guards watched and did nothing as the girl was punched , thrown to the ground , kicked repeatedly in the face and then robbed .
The girl told a detective that the group followed her from a nearby department store into the bus tunnel .
ADVERTISEMENT
The guards did n’t intervene because they have standing orders to “ observe and report , ” but not to try to stop fights or criminal activity .
That protocol is now under review .
The statements were revealed in court papers filed Wednesday against the teenage girl who attacked the victim and the three young men accused of stealing her purse , phone and iPod .
All four were charged with robbery .
Although she was not hospitalized , the victim said she lost consciousness during the attack and had to see a doctor .
The incident , which occurred on January 28 , is being investigated by the King County Sheriff ’s Office and the Metro Transit Police , said sheriff ’s office spokesman Sgt. John Urquhart .
“ Transit tunnel security officers were on the platform and witnessed the assault , ” said Urquhart in a statement .
“ However they did not intercede as they are unarmed , civilian employees . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Metro Transit General Manager Kevin Desmond did not agree .
“ We are very disappointed in what people see in that video , ” Desmond said .
“ It was absolutely unacceptable .
I know the Olympic Security folks were also disappointed in the response , but again , the employees were following the letter of the agreement . ”
The Seattle Times published an editorial shortly after the video was released Wednesday condemning the inaction of the guards and questioning the multibillion - dollar contract the transit authority has with private security firms .
ADVERTISEMENT
What indeed are taxpayers and transit riders paying for ?
Three security guards doing nothing .
One would be plenty , given the job description and expectations .
So the message for the traveling public is simple :
There is no security in the bus tunnel .
If a rider needs directions or perhaps has some self - esteem issues to discuss , maybe — maybe — the folks in the reflective vests can help .
Otherwise , tough luck .
You are on your own .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
President Barack Obama wants new Wall Street regulations on his desk by the second anniversary of the financial crisis , aides say .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO
The president plans spring offensive
An emboldened President Barack Obama will take a stronger hand with Congress in coming weeks , planning to push lawmakers to pass new regulations for Wall Street by September , the second anniversary of the meltdown , aides tell POLITICO .
The spring offensive , if successful , would allow Obama to claim concrete progress on all of his domestic priorities , despite a " lost year " between the passage of a stimulus package in February 2009 and the signing of health reform last week .
Advertisement
Some Democratic leaders hope to have financial - regulatory reform on the president ’s desk even sooner — by Memorial Day , a timeline the White House considers doable .
During protracted negotiations over the health care bill , Obama was criticized for giving congressional leaders too much leeway and too little direction and for bending too easily to the timetables of Capitol Hill .
No more .
Aides say that with the momentum from the most complex domestic bill to pass Congress in 45 years , Obama now will push Congress to close campaign - finance loopholes opened by the Citizens United case , adopt his overhaul of the No Child Left Behind education bill and perhaps even tackle a clean - energy bill .
“ He goes into these into these negotiations , and into these legislative battles , with a stronger hand because people understand that he ’s going to fight for what he believes in , ” White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said in an interview .
“ Congress proved to itself that it ’s well within their power to do the big things that ’ll bring about the type of change that they were elected to bring . ”
Gibbs contended that Republicans may be more gettable now : “ Understanding that what they got out of the health care thing was virtually nothing , I think they may think twice on financial reform .
There ’s certainly ample evidence that their ' strategery ' needs a little reform . ”
Republicans claim that by making his first recess appointments — from Camp David on Saturday , half a day after Congress left town — Obama cemented the ill will between the parties .
Gibbs said that following last week ’s triumphs on health , student loans and a “ new START ” treaty with Russia , “ The American people see somebody who ’s a persistent fighter and a leader who makes good on his promises . ”
Gibbs said that Obama told him the night of the House vote that when people bet against him , they do n’t realize that “ I ’m just that stubborn . ”
- video encodings still in process -
The Battle of Berlin was a British bombing campaign on Berlin from November 1943 to March 1944 .
The campaign period was not limited to attacks solely on Berlin , other German cities were attacked to prevent the concentration of defences in Berlin , and Bomber Command had other responsibilities and operations to conduct .
The campaign was launched by Arthur " Bomber " Harris , AOC of RAF Bomber Command in November 1943 .
Harris believed this could be the blow which broke German resistance : " It will cost us between 400 and 500 aircraft .
It will cost Germany the war . " [ 5 ]
By this time he could deploy over 800 long - range bombers on any given night , equipped with new and more sophisticated navigational devices such as H2S radar .
Between November 1943 and March 1944 Bomber Command made 16 massed attacks on Berlin .
It is generally accepted that the Battle of Berlin was a failure for the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) as it was not the knockout blow that Harris had predicted and during the battle , the RAF lost 1,047 bombers , with a further 1,682 damaged , and well over 7,000 aircrew , culminating in the raid on Nuremberg on 30 March 1944 , when 94 bombers were shot down and 71 damaged , out of 795 aircraft . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
There were many other raids on Berlin by the RAF and the USAAF Eighth Air Force in the strategic bombing campaign of 1940 – 1945 and this is reflected in the RAF battle honour which is for bombardment of Berlin by aircraft of Bomber Command 1940 – 1945 . [ 11 ] Prior to the battle of Berlin , Berlin had been subject to a large raid on 23 / 24 August of 700 + aircraft .
A raid half that size , losing 7 % of the aircraft , had taken place in September .
Drowning in Debt : What the Nation 's Budget Woes Mean for You Economists predict cutbacks and tax increases that ' are n't even imaginable . '
WASHINGTON , Feb. 17 , 2010  -- American political and economic leaders have sounded the alarm for years about the red ink rising in reports on the federal government 's fiscal health .
But now the problem of mounting national debt is worse than it ever has been before with -- potentially dire consequences for taxpayers , according to a report by the nonpartisan Peterson - Pew Commission on Budget Reform .
" It keeps me awake at night , looking at all that red ink , " said President Obama in Nashua , N.H. , on Feb .
2 . " Most of it is structural and we inherited it .
The only way that we are going to fix it is if both parties come together and start making some tough decisions about our long - term priorities . "
Obama will sign an executive order tomorrow that establishes a bipartisan National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform to make recommendations on how to reduce the country 's debt .
Over the past year alone , the amount the U.S. government owes its lenders has grown to more than half the country 's entire economic output , or gross domestic product .
Even more alarming , experts say , is that those figures will climb to an unprecedented 200 percent of GDP by 2038 without a dramatic shift in course .
" Within 12 years … the largest item in the federal budget will be interest payments on the national debt , " said former U.S. Comptroller General David Walker .
" [ They are ] payments for which we get nothing . "
Economic forecasters say future generations of Americans could have a substantially lower standard of living than their predecessors ' for the first time in the country 's history if the debt is not brought under control .
Government debt , which fuels the risk of inflation , could make everyday Americans ' savings worth less .
Higher interest rates would make it harder for consumers and businesses to borrow .
Wages would remain stagnant and fewer jobs would be created .
The government 's ability to cut taxes or provide a safety net would also be weakened , economists say .
While much attention has been focused on the government 's deficit - spending surge during the recession , many economists agree short - term budget overruns -- as ominous as they may seem -- are not particularly problematic .
" What threatens the ship are large , known and growing structural deficits , " said Walker , a problem that few politicians seem eager and readily able to fix .
In a recent ABC News poll , 87 percent of Americans said they are concerned about the federal budget deficit and national debt , and most strongly disapprove of how their political leaders are handling the situation .
But public dissatisfaction has not proven enough to compel members of Congress or current and previous Administrations to set aside their partisan differences to achieve a balanced budget .
Most Republicans do n't want to raise taxes ; most Democrats do n't want to cut spending .
The result is a stalemate on how to put America back in the black .
Partisan Gridlock Stalling ' Drastic Changes ' Needed
Politicians " do n't have a way to say ' no ' " to their constituents , said Doug Holtz - Eakin , a conservative economist and former director of the Congressional Budget Office , who says unrestrained government spending is the crux of the problem .
John Podesta , former Clinton White House chief of staff and president of the liberal Center for American Progress , says lawmakers need to raise more tax revenue as part of the solution to fund " investments " for the future .
Ultimately , analysts say , solving the debt problem will likely require both tax hikes and spending cuts , along with broader structural reforms of the way government operates .
" Habitually spending more money than you make is irresponsible , " said Walker .
" Irresponsibly spending someone else 's money when they 're too young to vote or not born yet is immoral . "
Future generations of Americans will largely foot the bill for the present financial predicament , economists say .
The United States currently owes over $ 12 trillion to its debtors – that 's more than fifteen $ 787 - billion economic stimulus packages worth of cash .
Divided out , each American bears a $ 40,000 share of the country 's tab .
" The American people today are not remotely prepared for the changes that are necessary , " said former Congressional Budget Office director Rudolph Penner .
He says Americans who have been accustomed to buying on credit and living beyond their means at home may soon face a painful reality as the government tightens its belt further .
" They are n't hearing about the drastic changes needed , and they certainly did n't hear about it in the President 's budget , " Penner said .
President Obama 's $ 3.8 trillion budget request for 2011 represents an increase in government spending by more than $ 100 billion over last year , yet projects slight decrease in the budget deficit over the year before to $ 1.267 trillion .
While deficit spending is widely regarded as a necessary evil during times of recession to revive and stimulate the economy , the President has acknowledged it 's time to rein in that practice .
Obama has touted as " steps forward " both a proposed freeze on some discretionary spending in fiscal year 2011 and the creation of a bipartisan fiscal commission to make recommendations for long - term deficit reduction .
" The president has taken a very bold act , " said White House economic adviser Christine Romer on " Good Morning America " today .
" He has said we want a non-security dscretionary spending freeze that is pretty unpopular with his own party , but he thought it was important to make one of those tough choices . "
Federal Deficit : ' Paygo ' as Solution ?
On Saturday , the president also signed into law new " pay - as - you - go " rules , which require lawmakers to match each spending increase with a spending decrease or a new source of revenue .
So - called " paygo " was largely credited with helping to balance the federal budget and lead to surpluses in the 1990s .
" The American people are tired of politicians who talk the talk but do n't walk the walk when it comes to fiscal responsibility .
It 's easy to get up in front of the cameras and rant against exploding deficits .
What 's hard is actually getting deficits under control .
But that 's what we must do , " Obama said Saturday .
Still , economists say that while Obama 's plans may help curb deficit - spending in the near future , they do n't do enough to solve the structural problems and skyrocketing expenditures of massive government entitlement programs like Medicare and Medicaid .
" The basic outline [ of Obama 's plan ] is appropriate , but we reach out for the ' magic aspirin ' in the form of a [ budget ] commission " and I 'm just not sure if that will work , said Robert Reischauer , former director of the Congressional Budget Office and president of the Urban Institute , a nonpartisan economic research center .
The National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility , to be co-chaired by former Clinton White House chief of staff Erskine Bowles and former Senate Republican Whip Alan Simpson , will try to issue its plan by December -- after the midterm elections .
For now , the presidential commission may be the best politically - gridlocked Washington can do until lawmakers from both parties demostrate a more vigorous willingness to tackle an ever - ominous fiscal problem .
Product Reviews
The moment that , oneself may possibly have to have towards make clear your practical experience with the product or service .
Be sincere and country any problems inside the content .
This will create yourself glimpse even more sincere .
Even so , put on’t spotlight upon them .
Alternatively , attention upon the advantages and favourable capabilities of the merchandise .
If yourself made use of the merchandise , this will be uncomplicated .
If your self incorporate not well - informed the material , yourself can examine testimonials towards above the world - wide - web and create your private opinion of what the materials includes .
As an associate marketer your self will obtain by yourself creating a good deal of opinions for items , fresh new or outdated .
Consuming the electric power in direction of create Great and convincing opinions for your associate merchandise is significant in the direction of your accomplishment as an associate marketer !
When all , an associate functions as a intermediary amongst the shopper and the service provider , and if yourself have to have in direction of generate
Those people acquire versus your associate connection , oneself incorporate in direction of influence them of the expense of the product or service .
A further distinguished design of penis expansion materials are patches .
Patches perform such as supplements , nevertheless they Supply the exact dose of herbs / extracts around a lengthier time period of year .
The patches are Quite comparable in the direction of end cigarette smoking patches upon the marketplace which build a organic and natural erection previously mentioned period .
Patches are quite clean in the direction of the industry , consequently the pattern inhabitants is unbelievably reduced in direction of fairly offer you oneself an proper sign of no matter if they do the job or not .
â€ ¢
Why - By yourself need to be outlining why they ought to obtain the specific products in contrast toward anything at all related .
Say some thing such as ‘ this gasoline grill is a single of the most straightforward towards start off considering the fact that of its vehicle - get started function .
Prevent squandering 50 % the working day striving toward purchase individuals other fuel grills began . ’
With as a result a lot hoopla transferring upon with regards to all the conditioning and well being items , it is critical in direction of observe that the Ceres Residing distributor , who spends highest of his or her season training their potential clients upon the anti growing older pores and skin treatment rewards of eating their solutions inside comparison towards the opposition , and does it with pinpoint accuracy is heading in direction of do well .
Assisting prospective customers in the direction of financial gain a Quite Fantastic knowing above how our physique deteriorates with frequent publicity in direction of destructive poisons inside our planet will generate yourself much more credible than the system of blatantly pitching your products and solutions in direction of them .
The Matrix - this is a extensively highly developed style that is patent pending .
It utilizes finger grip activation .
It is simple toward manage and effective more than enough with 2.5 million volts .
It is 2.25 inches large and 4 inches knowitallnev prolonged which can make it basic for ladies in the direction of hire .
It consists of a created - inside charger which gets rid of the will need for batteries and will come with a leather - based clip upon putting on scenario .
The Evaluations for Dermisil had been extremely favourable .
Highest reviewers mentioned that they were being amazed at the fast accomplishment they observed a great number of in just a very little as a 7 days one particular particular person even remarked that it was her month to month health practitioner who advised she employ the service of Dermisil towards attain rid of her tags as a result she acquired it and made use of it and was incredibly pleased towards posting that her pores and skin was at present very clear of abnormalities .
Dermisil eradicates them devoid of suffering and with out scarring Unfortunately it is not proposed for employ the service of above the eyes .
Input remaining place the most up - to - date products and solutions in the direction of strike the on the net current market – residence enamel whitening solutions .
Can oneself have faith in them ?
Do they do the job ?
Walkers - 10 % OC spray in a person pound strolling weights with foam protected grips .
The fantastic disguised pepper spray for walkers and joggers .
It characteristics a storage spot for keys and income .
A stun gun is a hand - stored system that discharges an electric burst into an assailant ’s muscular procedure .
That energy results in the entire body towards function speedily depleting it of blood sugars the physique requirements for electricity .
Thus for any place towards 5 toward 10 minutes the assailant can do virtually practically nothing .
There is no discomfort incorporated and the implications are not extensive - permanent .
Self protection weapons together with stun guns , pepper sprays , particular person alarms and tasers are reasonably priced applications that civilians can employ in the direction of protect them selves .
Their reason is towards allow for them period towards attain absent in opposition to a damaging scenario in the direction of take assistance and maybe escape with their lifestyle .
What –
This will merely clarifies the remarkable attributes of the materials that yourself encourage .
â€¢ Supply easy content Material 1 – Workout routines
It includes no rate regardless of what â€¢ Grills
As a result my endorse is for by yourself in direction of track down a additional scaled - down niches together with :
One car barreled through a stop sign , struck a tree and landed upside down in a Texas lake , drowning four people .
Another tore across an Indiana street and crashed into a jewelry store .
A third raced at an estimated 100 mph on a San Bernardino County street before striking a telephone pole , killing a restaurant owner .
At least 56 people have died in U.S. traffic accidents in which sudden unintended acceleration of Toyota Motor Corp.
vehicles has been alleged , according to a Times review of public records and interviews with authorities .
Most died while doing the mundane : returning to work after lunch , shopping , driving to the bank to make a deposit .
The deaths occurred in big cities and small towns throughout the U.S. : Los Angeles ; Tucson ; Auburn , N.Y. ; Marietta , Ga .
The stories are told in court filings , federal accident complaints and police reports .
In the last decade , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has received complaints of 34 fatalities related to sudden acceleration of Toyota vehicles , far more than for any other automaker .
At least 22 additional deaths related to Toyota acceleration problems have been alleged in lawsuits and police reports .
The NHTSA database does not determine whether the complaints are valid , and none of the allegations have been proved in court .
Still , the increase in the number of people who publicly blame Toyota vehicles for deaths and injuries comes at a difficult time for the world ’s largest automaker , which in recent months has issued nearly 10 million safety recall notices on vehicles worldwide .
Toyota spokesman Brian Lyons declined to comment for this report , saying the company does not discuss cases in which litigation has been , or may be , filed .
The company has said it is confident that all models with potentially sticking pedals have been identified and that the recalls will address all problems .
In the last week , Toyota has become the focus of a U.S. criminal investigation related to its handling of safety issues ; its president apologized before a congressional committee ; and an internal memo was released in which Toyota executives boasted about saving money by averting recalls .
Caesar , Kaiser , and Czar By Maeve Maddox
To begin with , “ Caesar ” was a family name .
Now , in various forms , it is a generic term for “ ruler ” or “ emperor . ”
In Roman naming practice , a newborn child was given three names ( tria nomina ) .
The praenomen was a name like Lucius or Marcus .
The second name was the name of the tribe , clan , or gens , such as the Julii or Cornelii .
The third name was the cognomen , a nickname that distinguished one branch of a gens from another .
Sometimes an adult would adopt a fourth name called an agnomen .
This was a nickname he had earned himself .
Caesar was the cognomen of the family to which the dictator Gaius Julius Caesar was born .
Its origin has been explained in various ways :
The cognomen “ Caesar ” originated , according to Pliny the Elder , with an ancestor who was born by caesarian section ( from the Latin verb to cut , caedo , caedere , cecidi , caesum ) .
[ 5 ]
The Historia Augusta suggests three alternative explanations : that the first Caesar had a thick head of hair ( Latin caesaries ) ; that he had bright grey eyes ( Latin oculis caesiis ) ; or that he killed an elephant ( caesai in Moorish ) in battle . [ 6 ]
Caesar issued coins featuring images of elephants , suggesting that he favoured this interpretation of his name .
[ 7 ]
( Wikipeda )
Julius Caesar himself had a receding hairline so another possible explanation is that his family may have carried the gene of male pattern baldness and the nickname “ Caesar ” ( hairy ) was ironic .
When Julius Caesar was killed , his nephew , whom he adopted as his heir , took the name Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus .
The Octavianus was his birth name so he kept it .
Later on the Senate gave him the agnomen Augustus .
That ’s the name by which he is known as the first Emperor of Rome .
Augustus and his first four successors were related by blood so they all more or less had the right to the name Caesar .
After the death of Nero , however , the Empire was up for grabs .
In the chaotic “ year of the four emperors ” that followed Nero ’s death , the name “ Caesar ” became a synonym for “ ruler . ”
Galba was the first to assume it as a title .
( He got to use it for about seven months . )
So famous was the title Caesar that it found its way into all the European languages .
It was probably the first Latin word adopted by the Germanic languages to which English belongs .
The Romans pronounced the word with a hard c and that ’s how it came into the Germanic languages .
If it had n’t been for the immense influence of Norse and French on English during the Middle Ages , the modern English word for “ caesar ” would have developed into something like “ coser . ”
During the time of the close relationship between the English and the Danes , however , the English replaced their own word with the Norse keiser ( cayser , kaiser ) .
Then , after the Norman Conquest , when French became the language of the ruling classes in Engand , the French word , with its soft c pronunciation , became the preferred form .
Later on , the word Kaiser came into English again , this time as the title of the German rulers .
The word Czar , which English speakers use to refer to the Russian emperors , entered the Russian language as Tsar , the Old Slavic version of Caesar : tsesari .
The spelling Czar is a respelling of the Russian word with the letters of the Latin alphabet .
The spelling with cz was common in European languages because that was how it was spelled the first time it appeared in a European book in 1549 , but the French adopted the spelling tsar in the 19th century and the London Times prefers it .
In German it is spelled Zar .
In the U.S. the word czar is now used to refer to anyone who is in a position of some kind of control .
Ex . “ Drug Czar ” ( either a powerful drug dealer OR a government official supposed to combat drug trafficking ) ; “ Education Czar . ”
Little Caesar ( 1931 ) is the title of an historically significant film in which Edward G. Robinson played a gangster and defined the cinematic crime genre .
Such is the continuing charisma of the word that it continues to be used to suggest power and grandeur .
The word ’s association with food is probably owing to its Italian origin .
( Ex. Little Caesar ’s Pizza . )
A Caesar ’s Salad , however , has nothing to do with the late dictator .
According to the Online Etymology Dictionary , the salad is named for Cesar Cardini , a restaurant owner in Tijuana , Mexico who is said to have served the first one in about 1924 .
Want to improve your English in five minutes a day ?
Get a subscription and start receiving our writing tips and exercises daily !
Keep learning !
Browse the Expressions category , check our popular posts , or choose a related post below :
A Queens woman has been charged with animal cruelty after her neighbors caught her on video beating an 11 - month - old English bull dog with a snow shovel .
Maria Aguilar allegedly crippled the dog with her months of abuse .
She faces two felony counts -- animal cruelty and possession of a weapons for allegedly beating the dog with a shovel .
The ASPCA says the dog , Spike , had " a hip fracture , a broken leg , three broken teeth and injuries to his ears . "
He is not up for adoption yet , the ASPCA said .
In addition , the adorable pup is " virtually blind in his right eye . "
The ASPCA went to Aguilar 's home last month after calls about a dog crying : " One of the witnesses used a camera phone to tape the abuse , also capturing Spike 's howls of pain .
Aguilar is seen throwing Spike to the ground and then slamming him with a snow shovel . "
Apparently Aguilar 's husband had taken Spike to the vet 12 times in the last seven months .
She initially denied abusing the dog , but then confessed after investigators showed her the video .
ASPCA Assistant Director Joseph Pentangelo said the dog will probably " walk with a limp " and will likely be blind in one eye .
Aguilar faces four years in prison .
William Hague was said to be aware 10 years ago of a deal struck by senior Tories that eventually resulted in Lord Ashcroft secretly remaining a non-dom after obtaining his peerage , according to official documents released today .
Hague , the former leader of the Conservative party who had been lobbying for the billionaire to secure a seat in the House of Lords , has repeatedly insisted that he was only told earlier this year that Ashcroft was a non-dom , and therefore not paying full UK tax on all his earnings .
But previously confidential parliamentary correspondence published today showed that Hague 's chief whip , James Arbuthnot , was instrumental in lobbying for Ashcroft not to have to give up tax privileges on his massive overseas earnings – despite assurances given by Hague that he would pay " tens of millions " to the Treasury .
The papers also include a letter from Arbuthnot which suggests that Hague was fully aware of the deal between the Cabinet Office and Ashcroft .
This raises fresh questions for Hague , the shadow foreign secretary , who was forced to speak about the issue today for the first time after some of the documents were leaked to the BBC .
He has denied being aware of the full details of the deal .
After a decade of refusing to clarify his tax status , Ashcroft revealed three weeks ago that he was a non-dom , appearing to contradict assurances made on his behalf by Hague , who fought hard to secure his seat in the Lords 10 years ago .
The political honours scrutiny committee repeatedly made it clear that Ashcroft 's elevation was dependent on him giving a promise that he would return to the UK and become a UK taxpayer .
The peerage was agreed after Ashcroft gave a " solemn and binding undertaking " in writing that he would become permanently resident in the UK .
Instead of becoming a permanent resident , however , he became a " long term resident " – a distinction that allowed him to avoid paying UK income tax on all his worldwide earnings .
The correspondence released today by the public administration committee revealed for the first time that Arbuthnot was deeply involved in the negotiations that led to the downgrading of Ashcroft 's undertaking .
Arbuthnot , who was said to be acting as an intermediary for Ashcroft , insisted that the billionaire – under the terms of the assurances he had given – could take up his seat in the Lords despite not being domiciled in the UK for tax purposes .
Sir Hayden Phillips , a senior civil servant , eventually agreed with Arbuthnot in July 2000 that Ashcroft needed only to become a long - term resident in order to comply with the undertakings he had given .
In turn , Arbuthnot replied within hours , saying : " I confirm that I agree with your understanding of the position . "
He added : " The leader of the opposition is satisfied that the action adequately meets the terms of Michael Ashcroft 's undertaking to take up permanent residence in the UK . "
The terms of that deal shocked members of the political honours scrutiny committee .
Lady Dean , one of the two surviving members of the committee , said today : " We were continually of the view that Lord Ashcroft would maintain his undertaking to take up permanent residence ...
It looks like the commitments and undertakings given were not carried through . "
The papers released today also show the scrutiny committee was determined that Ashcroft should honour the assurances he had given .
The secretary of the committee had even suggested the businessman might be asked to show copies of Inland Revenue forms as proof that he was a full UK taxpayer ; the IR Form P86 , denoting arrival in the UK , and IR DOM1 , proving he had become domiciled and would pay full tax .
It repeatedly asked for evidence that this had been done before the undertaking was revised .
The documents also show that all parties emphasised Ashcroft should live in the UK to become a full working peer and attend parliament regularly .
But his Lords records show he has not spoken in a debate in the last year and has attended only 15 % of votes .
A spokesman for Hague insisted tonight that he had delegated the issue to his chief whip .
" He did n't know any of the details [ in 2000 ] .
He asked James Arbuthnot to deal with the issue and make sure Downing Street was satisfied .
He did .
That was it , " he said .
However , Hague did concede today that he should not have promised that Ashcroft would pay tens of millions of tax .
The foreign secretary David Miliband said that the letters proved that Hague was " intimately " involved in the process .
He said : " It is now clear there has been a decade of deception at the top of the Conservative party and I repeat my call … that David Cameron sacks Lord Ashcroft . "
If that does n’t get your head spinning like the possessed girl in The Exorcist then I do n’t know what will .
So , is it true – do you need to be exorcised ?
Do n’t you want to re-claim your life instead of doing mindless task after mindless task ?
Use Your Brain For A Change
You probably wo n’t be able to just throw all your lists in the trash today and still remember all the important things you need to get done .
Instead – just like a drug addict – you need to ween yourself off of this nasty habit .
You need to build confidence in yourself , in your mind , that you will know what you need to get done as each moment calls for it .
Here are a few simple tips to get you started :
Mental notes are better
Your brain is a powerful tool , so use it !
List maniacs build a habit of not trusting themselves enough to remember what to do .
Because of this they never practice memorizing and find themselves becoming more and more dependent on list - making in order to keep in control of their world .
Some people are so bad at memorizing that they even forget to bring their lists out with them .
Thus , they find themselves walking into the office or a grocery store without a clue on what they need to do get done .
They have completely detached themselves from their own life , without a reminder written on a little piece of paper , these people end up like zombies , aimless and barely ( if at all ) conscious of their surroundings .
Use Your Imagination
When I first read the book , “ How To Develop A Super Power Memory , ” by Harry Lorayne I was pretty blown away by just how reliable and effective our memory can be .
The first thing to know is that there are essentially two main aspects of memory that are relevant to the everyday person : encoding and retrieving .
The best way to encode is to build impressionable associations between you and what you want to remember .
“ Impressionable ” meaning something that sticks in your head .
Say you need to drop something off at the post office after you are done at work .
Try imagining a mile high version of yourself walking from work to your place of destination .
Imagine a humongous letter in your hand ( maybe the size of a small house ) .
The more detailed you are the better the memory will be ; so also imagine birds in the sky flying into you and the ground shaking as your feet hit the pavement ( almost like the State Puff Marshmallow man in the movie Ghostbusters ) .
The more crazy you are with it the more likely you will be able to retrieve it .
Often the best method is to take a situation from your everyday life ( like walking home from work ) and then exaggerate it in a way that reminds you what you need to do .
A huge letter in your hand is a great symbol reminding you to go to the post office and drop something off .
Actively Build Associations
Now let ’s say that you also want to get a haircut after your post office visit .
What could you add to your “ State Puff Marshmallow ” version of you to remind yourself that you need to also stop off at the barbers ?
It could be anything , maybe a pair of scissors in your other hand or you can imagine yourself with a huge orange fro .
The idea here is to add elements to your imagination that serve as reminders .
You can add as many things as you want and , theoretically , remember as much as you need without ever having to find pen and paper .
Naf Architect & Design is a firm established by two partners , Tetsuya Nakazono and Akio Nakasa .
The firm is based in Hiroshima and Tokyo .
Last month we showed A Mathematician ’s House designed by Nakazono who runs the firm ’s office in Hiroshima .
This another unique house by Naf Architect & Design was designed by Nakasa who runs the office in Tokyo .
via Naf Architect & Design ( Photos © Noriyuki Yano / Nacasa & Partners )
Who : Akio Nakasa / Naf Architect & Design
What : Single family residence
Where : Yokohama , Kanagawa Prefecture
When : November 2009
How : Two - story wood frame construction
Site Area : 2,693 square feet
Construction Area : 1,140 square feet
Total Floor Area : 1,928 square feet
Tomato Sauce with Butter and Onions
Adapted from Marcela Hazan ’s Essentials of Italian Cooking
Another thing that blew my mind about this sauce : I , for one , am a grated parmesan junkie .
I not only sprinkle it over my bowl of pasta , I like to have additional nearby , to apply a fresh coat to the layers of pasta that follow .
So you can imagine my shock to find that I liked this dish even more without the parmesan .
The flavor of the sauce is so delicate , fresh and sweet that it needed nothing at all .
Serves 4 as a main course ; makes enough sauce to lightly coat most of a pound of spaghetti
28 ounces ( 800 grams ) whole peeled tomatoes from a can ( San Marzano , if you can find them ) *
5 tablespoons ( 70 grams ) unsalted butter
1 medium - sized yellow onion , peeled and halved
Salt to taste
Put the tomatoes , onion and butter in a heavy saucepan ( it fit just right in a 3 - quart ) over medium heat .
Bring the sauce to a simmer then lower the heat to keep the sauce at a slow , steady simmer for about 45 minutes , or until droplets of fat float free of the tomatoes .
Stir occasionally , crushing the tomatoes against the side of the pot with a wooden spoon .
Remove from heat , discard the onion , add salt to taste ( you might find , as I did , that your tomatoes came salted and that you did n’t need to add more ) and keep warm while you prepare your pasta .
Serve with spaghetti , with or without grated parmesan cheese to pass .
* I liked this enough to make us more the next day , but I only had a can of tomato puree .
It also worked well , despite having slightly less texture .
You will need a little less simmering time as the tomatoes are already broken down .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
a glOrious expression of wOman
educational • healing • empowering • honouring
The Vulvalicious Cushions are individual fabric art pieces , handmade with love and dedication to create a beautiful , tactile and anatomically accurate representation of female genitalia .
We have designed her using the latest scientific research to present some of the lesser known structures that contribute to feminine arousal and erotic pleasure .
Let us take you on a tour ...
Looking for pictures not cushions ?
Educational
If you gently stroke the outer labia of the Vulvalicious Cushion you will feel under the surface , two sections of erectile tissue called the vestibular bulbs .
These bulbs gradually engorge as a woman gets aroused creating a delightfully snug effect at the entrance to the vagina .
You can feel them to a degree from the outside and also internally on either side of the vagina .
Her inner labia are smooth and slippery to the touch .
The sizes and shapes of both the inner and outer labia vary widely from woman to woman .
Just as our faces are all different , so our labia are individual and unique , no matter what pornography censors or the fashions of the day might portray .
This cushion represents a woman somewhere in the middle of the spectrum in terms of lip size and fullness .
Another area of great variety is the clitoral hood .
The clitoral hood on this cushion mostly covers her clitoris .
In some women it would be shorter with the clitoris more exposed and in some women the clitoris would be hidden much further back under the hood .
The clitoris has a wonderfully sensitive tip ( or glans ) , a short shaft that reaches back towards the pubic bone and two long legs ( or crura ) that bend down like a wishbone , lying outside the vestibular bulbs , all the way along the opening of the vagina .
All the tissue of the clitoris is deliciously sensitive and also swells delightfully on arousal .
The vulva is the collective name for the parts of the female genitals that you can see - the inner and outer labia and the clitoris .
The vagina is the canal that goes from the vulva to the cervix , the entrance to the womb .
The vagina of the Vulvalicious Cushion is made of pure silk .
On the upper wall you can feel the soft ridges of the G - spot or female prostate .
This is another area that varies in shape and location .
In the majority of women it is most prominent at the entrance to the vagina but it can be much further back .
The glands of the female prostate are the source of female ejaculate .
This tissue will also engorge when suitably stimulated and can feel extremely pleasurable .
A little further into the vagina you can feel the cervix .
The position of the cervix varies not only from woman to woman but from day to day .
This one is more forward than the average , but we wanted you to be able to reach it comfortably !
Through the lower wall of the vagina you can feel the perineal sponge - another area of erectile tissue with further potential for delicious sensation .
Also depicted on the cushion are the urethra , and the two sets of glands responsible for lubrication .
The perineum and anus are also represented , areas whose pleasure quotient are often ignored .
Each Vulvalicious Cushion is unique , hand made from the highest quality fabrics & stuffed with 100 % recycled PET fibre derived from plastic bottles .
Although it is always good practice to touch delicate areas with clean hands , the outer cover of your Vulvalicious Cushion has a hidden zip so that it may be removed .
We recommend dry cleaning only .
May the Vulvalicious Cushion inspire , delight and inform you and enhance the healing and motivating power of Shakti in your life .
xx Laura - Doe
The Vulvalicious Cushions are a product of the yOniversity .
Purchase one here
For further information about women 's arousal anatomy and a range of other healing and empowering work on female sexuality please check out the yOniversity ' workshop programme .
The following books are also excellent resources : Women 's Anatomy of Arousal by Sheri Winston and The Sexual Practices of Quodoshka by Amara Charles .
They are both available at yOni.com 's unique gift shop .
ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. —
It 's known as the " abuse lab . "
And with good reason .
Behind a 2,000 - pound blast door , federal researcher Peter Roth spends his days torturing electric - car batteries .
He overcharges them , drives nails into them , presses them between scalding brass plates .
He dunks them in salt water , sets them on fire , crushes them , drops ...
Mr Shakespeare said the winnings had ruined his life
The body of a former truck driver 's assistant who won $ 17 m in a lottery in 2006 has been found buried under a concrete slab in a backyard in Florida .
Abraham Shakespeare , who was barely literate , went missing nine months ago after complaining of being exploited by hangers - on who tried to take his money .
His body was found on Friday behind a home belonging to the boyfriend of a woman who befriended him in 2007 .
Police believe he was murdered , but have not yet arrested anyone .
Hillsborough County sheriff 's detectives used fingerprints to identify Mr Shakespeare 's body , which they found covered by a concrete slab in a backyard in Plant City .
Police do not yet know how he died , but they believe the woman , named Dorice Donegan " Dee - Dee " Moore , may be able to shed light on what happened .
' Better off broke ' A tip - off led detectives to the grave behind the home of Ms Moore 's boyfriend Shar Krasniqi .
Mr Shakespeare bought the winning ticket at a store in the town of Frostproof but his brother , Robert Brown , said he often wished he had never won .
" ' I 'd have been better off broke . '
He said that to me all the time , " Mr Brown said .
Samuel Jones , a childhood friend of Mr Shakespeare 's , said : " He really did n't understand it at all .
It was moving so fast .
It changed his life in a bad way . "
When he won the lottery , he forgot about being saved
Samuel Jones Mr Jones said his friend would tell him : " I thought all these people were my friends , but then I realised all they want is just money . "
Among the new acquaintances was Ms Moore .
Property records show her company , American Medical Professionals , bought his home for $ 655,000 a year ago .
Not long afterward , detectives said , she helped him open a company and gave herself the ability to sign for money .
She withdrew $ 1 m and later told detectives Mr Shakespeare gave her the cash as a gift .
She bought a Hummer , a Corvette and a truck , and went on holiday .
Mr Jones said his friend lived a humble life , and just before he bought the winning ticket he joined a church and was baptised .
" When he won the lottery , he forgot about being saved , " Mr Jones said .
Mr Shakespeare 's friends and family said when he went missing , they had hoped he was on a beach somewhere in the Caribbean .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Chi siamo
Chat Gratis è una chat italiana gratuita , libera e senza obbligo di registrazione , pertanto puoi chattare gratis senza iscriverti .
Inoltre l'entrata in chat è garantita in pochi secondi .
Come si entra
Inserisci qui il nickname e chatta subito
Gratis
Registrazione
Moderazione
È sufficiente inserire un nick e cliccare sul pulsante " CHATTA " , poiché Chat Gratis è anche unaChe stai aspettando ?
Entra su Chat Gratis , è veloce e intuitivo !
Entrare in chat è facile : inserisci un nickname a tua scelta qui sotto ed entra .
Tutti i servizi offerti sono completamente GRATIS .
Né Chat Gratis , né il suo Staff ti chiederanno MAI dati personali .
La registrazione non è obbligatoria per chi vuole .
La registrazione serve a chi vuole creare il suo profilo sul sito per attirare più , o ragazzi .
Registrandosi è possibile inserire informazioni su di sé e sul tipo di persona ricercata .
Inoltre è possibile gestire il proprio album di foto personale edirettamente sul sito , senza accedere alla chat .
Al fine di garantire il rispetto reciproco e uno svolgimento civile , ladi Chat Gratis è moderata da uno Staff di persone che , nel loro tempo libero e assolutamente gratis , si impegnano per far sì che si chatti in maniera educata e rispettando alcune semplici regole basate sul buon senso .
Inoltre , naturalmente , vige la legge italiana .
Sei interessato a diventare un moderatore ?
Contattaci !
CAPE MAY COURT HOUSE , N.J. —A Pennsylvania dentist has pleaded guilty to dumping medical waste into the ocean , causing numerous beach closures in New Jersey .
Thomas McFarland had unsuccessfully sought to enter a pretrial intervention program that would have spared him a criminal record .
Under terms of a plea agreement , the state will recommend the 61 - year - old be sentenced to one year of probation and be ordered to pay the seaside town of Avalon $ 100,000 to offset cleanup costs .
McFarland admitted dumping hypodermic needles , cotton swabs and other medical waste into an inlet just before Labor Day weekend in 2008 .
His lawyer says the dentist was distraught to the point of mental illness over his wife 's lung cancer , and appeared to be acting out in " a cry for help . "
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
On his Facebook page , Andrew Bernstein makes this stirring pledge against ObamaCare :
“ If the government takes over health care , I will refuse to buy their package , refuse to pay the fine imposed , and make them arrest me .
I will broadcast my refusal to cave to socialism on my website , on Facebook , to my students , in my lectures , and on the radio .
I will fight this in the courts–or will the DC Fascists suspend the right to trial by jury ?
I suspect–and hope –that millions of Americans will do the same . ”
Jared Rhoads of the Lucidicus Project has a new OpEd , “ All Talk , No Debate “ .
Don Watkins of the Ayn Rand Center for Individual Rights discusses the basic moral issue , “ You Are Not Your Brother ’s Health Care Provider “ .
Jeff Scialabba of the Ayn Rand Center for Individual Rights discusses : “ Obama ’s Flawed Prescription for Health Care “ .
Reminder :
It may be illegal in some circumstances to advocate someone else perform an illegal act .
( I am not a lawyer and have no specialized knowledge about this . )
Note that Bernstein is announcing what he plans on doing ( in the tradition of American civil disobedience to unjust laws ) .
He also says he suspects and hopes others will also make a similar decision , but he does not explicitly advocate that other break the law .
Here at NoodleFood , we do not advocate that others perform violent illegal acts .
Update : Welcome Instapundit readers !
If you need more “ intellectual ammunition ” against ObamaCare , please also see these two recent pieces at PajamasMedia :
“ ObamaCare vs. the Hippocratic Oath ” ( PajamasMedia , 3/17/2010 )
“ Can the Moral ‘ Narrative ’ of ObamaCare Be Defeated ? ” ( PajamasMedia , 3/4/2010 )
London , England ( CNN ) --
British police said Wednesday they have arrested a BBC television presenter on suspicion of murder after he told viewers he carried out a so - called mercy killing on a former lover .
Ray Gosling , 70 , a freelance broadcaster , admitted on a BBC show aired in central England that he had smothered the unnamed partner in hospital where he was being treated for AIDS .
Assisting in another person 's death is illegal in England .
Police in Nottinghamshire , 160 kilometers ( 100 miles ) north of London , confirmed they had made an arrest after the apparent confession on the BBC's " Inside Out " show .
Gosling made his admission in a taped segment of a 30 - minute show about death , recounting how he smothered his partner to end his " terrible , terrible pain . "
He told viewers : " Maybe this is the time to share a secret that I have kept for quite a long time .
I killed someone once .
" He was a young chap , he 'd been my lover and he got AIDS .
" In a hospital one hot afternoon , the doctor said ' There 's nothing we can do , ' and he was in terrible , terrible pain .
" I picked up the pillow and smothered him until he was dead .
The doctor came back and I said ' He 's gone ' .
Nothing more was ever said . "
Gosling , who has not revealed details of his former lover 's identity or the exact date of the incident , insisted he was not " making a cause " of assisted dying .
In a BBC Radio interview he said : " Sometimes doctors do it on their own .
Sometimes people do it on their own .
" And if it happens to a lover or friend of yours , a husband , a wife , and I hope it does n't , but when it does sometimes you have to do brave things and you have to say - to use Nottingham language - bugger the law . "
Ed Leigh tries skeleton Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement BBC Sport 's Ed Leigh experiences the thrills of a skeleton run .
SEE ALSO Graham Bell tries out ski cross ( 08.10 ) MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Unnamed page Editor 's Choice
English Català Deutsch Ελληνικά Español Eesti Suomi Français Galego Italiano 한국어 Русский Polski Português Português brasileiro Svenska Українська The KDE Education Project
Marble
Version 1.4.3
© 2005 - 2020 The Marble Project
Marble is distributed under the terms of the
Marble is distributed under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License ( LGPL ) , Version 2
The Marble website has moved to marble .
kde.org
We are redirecting content as needed .
Please update your bookmarks and enjoy our new website at marble .
kde.org !
Last update : 2020-03-24
Social Security to start cashing Uncle Sam's IOUs
The retirement nest egg of an entire generation is stashed away in this small town along the Ohio River : $ 2.5 trillion in IOUs from the federal government , payable to the Social Security Administration .
It 's time to start cashing them in .
For more than two decades , Social Security collected more money in payroll taxes than it paid out in benefits — billions more each year .
Not anymore .
This year , for the first time since the 1980s , when Congress last overhauled Social Security , the retirement program is projected to pay out more in benefits than it collects in taxes — nearly $ 29 billion more .
Sounds like a good time to start tapping the nest egg .
Too bad the federal government already spent that money over the years on other programs , preferring to borrow from Social Security rather than foreign creditors .
In return , the Treasury Department issued a stack of IOUs — in the form of Treasury bonds — which are kept in a nondescript office building just down the street from Parkersburg 's municipal offices .
Now the government will have to borrow even more money , much of it abroad , to start paying back the IOUs , and the timing could n't be worse .
The government is projected to post a record $ 1.5 trillion budget deficit this year , followed by trillion dollar deficits for years to come .
Social Security 's shortfall will not affect current benefits .
As long as the IOUs last , benefits will keep flowing .
But experts say it is a warning sign that the program 's finances are deteriorating .
Social Security is projected to drain its trust funds by 2037 unless Congress acts , and there 's concern that the looming crisis will lead to reduced benefits .
" This is not just a wake - up call , this is it .
We 're here , " said Mary Johnson , a policy analyst with The Senior Citizens League , an advocacy group .
" We are not going to be able to put it off any more . "
For more than two decades , regardless of which political party was in power , Congress has been accused of raiding the Social Security trust funds to pay for other programs , masking the size of the budget deficit .
Remember Al Gore 's " lockbox , " the one he was going to use to protect Social Security ?
The former vice president talked about it so much during the 2000 presidential campaign that he was parodied on " Saturday Night Live . "
Gore lost the election and never got his lockbox .
But to illustrate the government 's commitment to repaying Social Security , the Treasury Department has been issuing special bonds that earn interest for the retirement program .
The bonds are unique because they are actually printed on paper , while other government bonds exist only in electronic form .
They are stored in a three - ring binder , locked in the bottom drawer of a white metal filing cabinet in the Parkersburg offices of Bureau of Public Debt .
The agency , which is part of the Treasury Department , opened offices in Parkersburg in the 1950s as part of a plan to locate important government functions away from Washington , D.C. , in case of an attack during the Cold War .
One bond is worth a little more than $ 15.1 billion and another is valued at just under $ 10.7 billion .
In all , the agency has about $ 2.5 trillion in bonds , all backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government .
But do n't bother trying to steal them ; they 're nonnegotiable , which means they are worthless on the open market .
More than 52 million people receive old age or disability benefits from Social Security .
The average benefit for retirees is a little under $ 1,200 a month .
Disabled workers get an average of $ 1,100 a month .
Social Security is financed by payroll taxes — employers and employees must each pay a 6.2 percent tax on workers ' earnings up to $ 106,800 .
Retirees can start getting early , reduced benefits at age 62 .
They get full benefits if they wait until they turn 66 .
Those born after 1960 will have to wait until they turn 67 .
Social Security 's financial problems have been looming for years as the nation 's 78 million baby boomers approached retirement age .
The oldest are already there .
As that huge group of people starts collecting benefits — and stops paying payroll taxes — Social Security 's trust funds will shrink , running out of money by 2037 , according to the latest projection from the trustees who oversee the program .
The recession is making things worse , at least in the short term .
Tax receipts are down from the loss of more than 8 million jobs , and applications for early retirement benefits have spiked from older workers who were laid off and forced to retire .
Stephen C. Goss , chief actuary for the Social Security Administration , says the crisis has been years in the making .
" If this helps get people to look more seriously at that in the nearer term , that 's probably a good thing .
But it 's only really a punctuation mark on the fact that we have longer - term financial issues that need to be addressed . "
In the short term , the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projects that Social Security will continue to pay out more in benefits than it collects in taxes for the next three years .
It is projected to post small surpluses of $ 6 billion each in 2014 and 2015 , before returning to indefinite deficits in 2016 .
For the budget year that ends in September , Social Security is projected to collect $ 677 million in taxes and spend $ 706 million on benefits and expenses .
Social Security will also collect about $ 120 billion in interest on the trust funds , according to the CBO projections , meaning its overall balance sheet will continue to grow .
The interest , however , is paid by the government , adding even more to the budget deficit .
While Congress must shore up the program , action is unlikely this year , said Rep. Earl Pomeroy , D - N.D. , who just took over last week as chairman of the House subcommittee that oversees Social Security .
" The issues required to address the long - term solvency needs of Social Security can be done in a careful , thoughtful and orderly way and they do n't need to be done in the next few months , " Pomeroy said .
The national debt — the amount of money the government owes its creditors — is about $ 12.5 trillion , or nearly $ 42,000 for every man , woman and child in the country .
About $ 8 trillion has been borrowed in public debt markets , much of it from foreign creditors .
The rest came from various government trust funds , including retirement funds for civil servants and the military .
About $ 2.5 trillion is owed to Social Security .
Good luck to the politician who reneges on that debt , said Barbara Kennelly , a former Democratic congresswoman from Connecticut who is now president of the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare .
" Those bonds are protected by the full faith and credit of the United States of America , " Kennelly said .
" They 're as solid as what we owe China and Japan . "
___
On the Net :
Social Security Administration : http://www.socialsecurity.gov/
Trustees ' reports : http://www.ssa.gov/OACT/TR/
National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare : http://www.ncpssm.org/
The Senior Citizens League : http://www.seniorsleague.org/
Bureau of Public Debt : http://www.publicdebt.treas.gov/
Congressional Budget Office : http://tinyurl.com/ydgrl5d
The Associated Press
Dublin - based RedMere and Belfast - based SiSaf were presented with awards on behalf of the Irish Technology Leadership Group by California ’s “ Governator ” Arnold Schwarzenegger .
RedMere picked up the ‘ Innovation Award ’ .
RedMere designs and markets chipsets that are used in the fast - growing HDMI ( high - definition multimedia interface ) devices market , from flatscreen televisions to surround - sound systems .
The advanced communications microchip technology manages the faster flow of complex video and audio data to improve performance and reliability .
Belfast - based SiSaf picked up the ‘ Most Promising Technology Award ’ .
SiSaf is an innovative drug - delivery company focused on the design and formulation of solid nanoparticles and their application in topical , sub lingual , and other dermal forms of drug delivery .
SiSaf ’s proprietary technology is based on a novel synergistic drug delivery formula that uses nanoparticles to allow active compounds to penetrate deeper into the dermal layer , to target the cell membrane , and to be released in a controlled manner .
What is the ITLG ?
Established in 2007 , the ITLG is a group executives and technology leaders in Silicon Valley who are Irish or Irish - American , each of whom are committed to helping Irish start - up companies .
At the weekend , the Taoiseach Brian Cowen TD opened a new Innovation Centre in Silicon Valley which was spearheaded by the ITLG and was described by Cisco senior vice - president Barry O’Sullivan as a concrete outcome from Farmleigh .
The centre , which is supported by a € 250,000 investment from the Department of Foreign Affairs as well as the ITLG members ’ own funds , can support up to 30 Irish start - ups at a time who are intent on making a breakthrough in Silicon Valley .
Chaired by Dr Craig Barrett , members of the ITLG include John Hartnett , CEO of G24i , Inc. , John Gilmore , CEO of Sling Media , Conrad Burke , president and CEO of Innovalight Inc. , Rory McInerney , vice - president , Intel , and Barry O’Sullivan , senior vice - president at Cisco .
" Innovation is vital and Ireland ’s technology companies continue to offer great promise both in their home markets and on the international stage , " said John Hartnett , founder of the ITLG .
“ It is very rewarding to see Redmere and SiSaf being recognised for their success . "
An Irish - American gathering
Governor of California , Arnold Schwarzenegger , attended the event , along with senior public officials and executives from both Irish and American companies .
The event was hosted by Barrett , the former CEO and chairman of Intel Corporation .
The chairman and founder of CyberSource , William McKiernan , was also recognised by the ITLG for his contribution to advancing the position of Ireland as a centre for innovation and excellence in technology .
About 295,000 businesses use CyberSource electronic payment solutions , including half the companies comprising the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
“ It ’s an honour to be recognised by the ITLG , ” said McKiernan , “ but the real beneficiary of our connection with Ireland has been our company .
We have found access to great engineering talent and in the short time we ’ve been operational in Belfast , we have seen significant progress against some demanding research and development goals . ”
By John Kennedy
Photo : California Gov Arnold Schwarzenegger
A new study suggests that hand sanitizers containing ethanol are much more effective at removing rhinovirus from hands than washing with soap and water .
Sanitizers containing both ethanol and organic acids significantly reduced recovery of the virus from hands and rhinovirus infection up to 4 hours following application .
The researchers from the University of Virginia School of Medicine , Charlottesville and Dial Corporation , Scottsdale , Arizona detail their findings in the March 2010 issue of the journal Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy .
Rhinovirus is the known cause of approximately 30 to 35 % of common cold cases in adults .
Hand - to - hand contact is one of the main avenues of transmission contributing to the spread of rhinovirus infections .
In the study researchers compared the effects of hand washing with soap and water and an ethanol - based hand sanitizer by contaminating the fingers of healthy volunteers with rhinovirus and then randomly grouping them and administering one of six hand treatments .
The experiments ranged from a control group who had no treatment , several groups who washed their hands for differing amounts of time ( some with soap , some without ) , and several who used varying amounts of hand sanitizer .
Results showed that the ethanol hand sanitizer removed approximately 80 % of detectable rhinovirus from hands and was much more effective than no treatment , water alone , or soap and water .
Soap and water removed rhinovirus from 31 % of hands .
Further , researchers added organic acids to the ethanol - based sanitizer and analyzed its ability to provide persistent antiviral activity against rhinovirus following application .
Results showed that the sanitizer containing both organic acids and ethanol inactivated the virus on hands and prevented infection 2 to 4 hours following application .
" The ethanol - containing hand disinfectants were significantly more effective than hand washing with water or with soap and water for removal of detectable rhinovirus for the hands in this study , " say the researchers .
" Furthermore , a formula containing organic acids and ethanol resulted in residual activity that significantly reduced virus recovery from the hands and rhinovirus infection for up to 4 hours after application . "
Flocke The Cute Little Polar Bear
Flocke is the new celebrity polar bear cub who was born by polar bear Vera at the Nuremberg Zoo in Germany .
Since Knut has grown up and not cute anymore , Flocke has stolen all the limelight from photographers .
Even Flocke stuffed animal toys are released by manufacturer Steiff GmbH which produced the well known Knut teddy bears .
Coughing just sucks .
It has no redeeming qualities : it 's not endearing in any way ; there is nobody on Earth that will find you more sexually attractive due to a cough ( cue the coughing fetishists -- we know you 're out there , Internet ) .
But dangerous ?
Oh yes .
On those long , seemingly endless hacking fits , there 's always the chance you will suffocate on your own body 's so - called protective mechanism -- which responds to choking threats by shutting off your airways .
Good call on that , body ; that 's like responding to objects moving rapidly at your face by shutting down your eyeballs .
Pictured : Your body and you .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
There are also cough induced rib fractures , rupturing of the diaphragm and even abdominal herniation .
That 's a broken rib , a ripped diaphragm and part of your torso leaking out a little , all because you coughed .
It 's not even rare ; it 's mentioned that " each individual injury is well documented in the literature , " meaning these kinds of things happen all the goddamn time .
The rib fracturing and hernias happen often enough that the Wikipedia pages for each affliction list coughing as " a common cause . "
The page actually describes a man who had all these things happen at once .
Yep !
You 're basically one coughing fit away from beating the shit out of your insides .
Pankaj Kishore Karotia , 21 , was just about to claim his new bride and take her from a wedding reception to her family home when his uncle drew his licensed handgun to fire a final shot in celebration .
As he was loading it , it fired accidentally and hit his newly - wed nephew in the head .
In Brazil , we say “ waiting is the best part of the party ” , but I still had a tough time trying in vain to track the package , Hong Kong , just in the right size we know to contain a boxed 12 - inch figure !
Was all the waiting worth ?
Well … let큦 see !
Dah !
Whatever !
Of course it was !!
Let큦 just celebrate it !
Packaging : ***
The box have some very nice shots of Cassandra using her deadly arsenal , and the title has a glossy finish which I find very classy .
It has a nice crispy texture on the box .
That 큦 all very nice , but I think it 큦 all pretty standard for high - end figures .
I liked the fact that there is a small credits list on the back , so we get to know at least the names of the team involved in the creation of the figure .
This should be standard procedure for every collector item , toy or not .
On the other hand , I missed some background information about what is an US secret service agent , how they act , what they do , what is their training , what weapons they use and how these weapons work , etc .
Background information are pretty common on superheroes boxes , and I see no reason why it should be any different with military figures .
Actually , I think it is even more important .
Like I said , I do not have any connection with military world or weapons whatsoever , so it would be nice to have that info and learn a little bit more from the toy .
The figure itself comes attached with four twisties , and her hair comes protected by a plastic piece .
There are several layers of plastic shield to ensure no accessory will fall or be damaged .
Sculpt : ****
My wife will hate me for this , but I cannot give Cassandra any less than four stars here .
She is absolutely gorgeous .
I do not think I have seen many woman this beautiful in real life .
I was afraid her chin might be a little too slim , but the thing is she looks marvelous on every picture , from every angle , so I really cannot complain .
Her expression is both sexy and brave , and she has a few expression marks for good measure , which allow her to play a variety of roles , from tired secret agent after an all - night mission to angry girlfriend .
I do not think of someone in particular she resembles to ; maybe she has a little of Jean Grey from the old John Byrne classic X - Men .
To me she had to be Cassandra , for no specific reason .
Sounded like her .
If I had to point some defect , maybe I would prefer she ha the mouth closes – right , got the joke : most men prefer women when they have their mouths shut .
But that is not my case .
This is really a question of thinking that if in any aspect at all she is danger of crossing the thin line between being sexy and a little sluty , that would be this half - opened mouth .
But as it is I can still live happily with that .
Most of the female action figures I saw , specially in kit bashes , go in this wrong direction and end up , instead of looking sexy , looking like a friend of Julia Roberts in the first scenes of “ Pretty Woman ” .
So it matters if a female action figure can be sexy and tasty at the same time .
About that , I would also like to mention that this is my first female Hot Toys body .
While I think it has some compromises in the articulation department , she does not have that ridiculous thin waist Sideshow puts on the figures , not that monstruous breasts DC Direct puts on theirs , nor the porn - star shape BBI does , which is totally unsuitable for a superhero or secret agent .
So , sculpt - wise , this is a nice body .
I would also like to point that Hot Toys went for rooted - hair , but made it in such a way that it stays in relatively in place , maybe slightly decomposed , which is only right for the character .
Paint : ***1/2
There is not really much painting here , but what is there is pretty well done .
Both the lips and the eyes have a glossy finish , and she has some shade on her face which adds a lot to realism .
The glossy eyes , to me , are one of the Hot Toys signature offerings .
And the lips were a nice touch , because I always hear about how women keep on caring for their beauty even when dealing with the hardest job .
So it makes me imagine Cassandra putting her lipstick inside one of her pockets before going to a mission or relaxing in white t- shirt after she gets home .
One could think it is not so hard to paint lips , eyes and faces after , but I have tried to do it many times in my customs , so I know well what it takes to make such a good job .
Articualtion - **
I had a pleasant surprise when I took the figure out of the box .
I thought she had a fixed neck , but she actually has a rubber torso , which hides a neck as articulated as any from Hot Toys .
It is a softer rubber than I have seen before , so it practically does not restrain movement .
I am afraid how this will resist to the course of the years , but for now I am happy .
In spite of that …
It breaks my heart , but the score has to be lower here .
There are two reasons for that :
1. the gloves are too restrictive for the hands .
In theory , they have the same double - articulation we see on every HotToys , but it actually can only work as a cut - joint .
2 . The knees have a single - joint articulation , which only allows her to make a 90 degree movement .
I have tons of Max Steel action figures and I forgive them for such a limited movement , but on a Hot Toys … that can not be .
The feet do not have the same range of movement as the True Type either .
It is a shame really .
Double - jointed knees are one of the main articulation an action figure must have , in my opinion .
It adds so much to the dynamics and realism .
I can think of several poses Cassandra will not be able to perform , even in her immediate environment .
No doubt Hot Toys should think about a better articulation for the female body .
Outfit - **1/2
The basic outfit is pretty simple : black shit , plant pants and boots .
While they are well done , there is not really anything spectacular here .
I would imagine secret service agents use lighter and more flexible type of fabric underneath all their equipment .
The shirt has a nice feminine design , but the pants in general look a little masculin to me .
I would prefer if it had a lower waist .
But I do not know if this is for accuracy sake .
In any case , I donot see here anything that is so far away from a regular GI Joe fabric costume , or that one could not get with a kit bash , and for the price asked I always expect it from Hot Toys .
The big jacket is an exception ; it is very detailed .
But it hides so much of the figure I think I will not use it .
The cap was a low point for me .
It just does not fit well in her , although it is possible to find a good angle on the pictures so that it will not appear so much .
Accessories - ***
Besides a couple of nude bodies , my only figures by HotToys are Superman / Clark from the Returns movie , and ED - 209 .
While I love them so much , I have always felt they are too overpriced considering the accessories area .
I could never be in peace with the fact that a Power Team figure , which I consider of very good quality , costs a tenth of a HotToys an brings ten times more accessories .
But getting Cassandra , my first military Hot Toys figures , made realize that might have to do with licensing issues , because she has got plenty of stuff to play with .
If I do not give four stars to her , that is because she does not have an extra par of bare hands , nor a stand .
Let us divide everything in categories and talk about that .
1. Extra hands
They are not here .
It is a big shame , since the gloved hands are so restrictive in the movement area .
She had to have bare hands , and maybe a couple of extra poses as well .
I do not understand why Hot Toys is so economic on this area .
Come on !
We are spending a small fortune on these figures ; just include three sets of hands on each !
2. Stand
It is not there .
I always read Michael saying a good 1 / 6 action figure should not need a stand , and I completely agree .
But , now that it is not here , it makes me wish it was .
This female body is not as nearly as stable as the True Type and I just do not trust it will not fall from the shelf .
3 . The P90 machine gun
I guess this is the big star here , since its name is on the front box .
Like I said , I do not know anything about military equipment , but from what I saw on the internet , this is a very accurate reproduction of this weapon .
It is pretty detailed , with lots of moveable parts .
The only problem is not its fault , actually : because the gloves restrain the hands movement so much , it is not easy to find a good shooting pose for this weapon .
4. M9 pistol
Very well done , again with lots of detailing and moveable parts .
5. Knife
I am not sure if the blade was supposed to move .
I like it , but I wish it fit a little better in the hands .
The way it is , it is not possible for the figure to hold the knife .
6. Radio
Nice , with the Motorola logo printed on it .
7. Lights
Pretty reproduction , but again too thin for Cassandra큦 hands .
8. Bullet proof vest
Simple , well done , fits very well , does its job .
But since we have to choose between it and the cool tactical vest , I bet most guys will not use it .
9. Tactical vest
This is the most elaborate accessory .
It is very nice , with lots of texturing , pockets and places to keep all the other accessories .
It looks very nice on the body .
10 . Sun glasses
Nicely designed and fits perfectly on her face .
Fun factor : ***
I still think of my action figures as toys more than anything else .
To me Hot Toys , GI Joe , Max Steel and Power Team are all in the same universe .
This figure is as playable as any toy we have on various rooms for me and my kids to play .
Of course , in this case , their hands will be far from Cassandra , because she has so many small accessories with tiny breakable parts , but , apart from that , she is sturdy enough to support hard playing .
The basic figure is not on any risk of breaking if falling or anything .
I had the most fun posing , dressing and undressing her for the pictures .
When the times comes to use her on my photostories , I am sure she will always be a thrill .
If I do not give her four stars here , that is because the single jointed knees , which limits posing so much .
I know I have already graded her low on the articulation section because of it , but this is such a big problem for the fun that it deserves losing a star here too .
Value : ***
Oh , yeah !
I had forgotten I had to pay for her !
Maybe it will come stronger to me when my credit card bill arrives in a couple of weeks …
I was lucky the customs did not tax this one , or it would have cost me twice as much .
The way it was , it was $ 130 , including shipping from Hong Kong to Brazil , and that is just about what can be found on eBay .
I am sure Michael will have some excellent suggestions with his sponsors .
Had she an extra pair or two of bare hands and a double - jointed knee , I could give her four stars .
Apart from that , she has pretty much everything that she could .
Knowing figures from all kind of price range , I think $ 130 is arguably a fair deal on such a gorgeous figure like this , but still …
Not long ago someone could be put into treatment for spending this much on a toy .
I remember when I got my first Hot Toys , Clark / Superman Returns , I lingered for many weeks until I did it , on the basis that it was really an unique item of a very dear character and that I was madly curious about seeing a Hot Toys in person , but it made me a bit sick for quite a while and it was a long time before I took the figure out of the box to have a proper look at it .
Now suddenly it is normal to spend 100 bucks on an action figure .
Crossing lines is a very dangerous thing .
I am in Brazil .
A considerable amount of our families live with that much for a month .
For a middle - class guy like me , this is the kind of acquisition that weights on the house bills , it really has to be planned and implicates on several sacrifices .
One has to have very good arguments to spend that kind of cash on a toy and still be in peace with his conscious here .
I was so enamored of this figure I decided to face it all .
Only because of that I am giving three stars .
She is gorgeous , she might be the best female figure of my life , so all things considered it was a fair deal .
But I do think these high - end figures in general are away too overpriced , and , honestly , not all of them give the right value for our money .
I admit Hot Toys has a way of reaching a few very sensitive points of me , but I also now that right now there are on the market quite a few low - price figures of excellent quality , and the distance of them and high - end brands is getting smaller every day .
Even among the top brands of action figures , we find very good items that will cost half the price of a Hot Toys .
Seriously , it is about time we collectors think more carefully about that and think about how we will react to it .
For my turn , I am already being very very very selective about what I get .
So Cassandra here gets three stars , but that is because she was just a special figure to me , therefore it cannot be seen at all as a reference to judge other figures .
Things to Watch Out For -
She is very sturdy , so there is not really anything too worrying .
The rubber body concerns me a little .
I trust Hot Toys thought about it , and that it will be alright as the years go by .
I suggest the tactical vest has to be prepared before being put on the figure .
It is better to put everything on the belt and all , and then dress it .
One thing important : the knife falls very easily from its pocket , so there is danger of losing it .
Also , the US flag that can be attached to the tactical vest tends to fall easily too .
By the way , none of the pockets on the figure closes well .
It is a good idea to check them before taking pictures .
Both the P90 and the M9 weapons have a couple of tiny breakable parts .
I accidently damaged a bit of the fixing point on one of the P90 targeting lenses , so it is a bit fragile and requires a bit o care to be handled .
Overall : ***
This is the best female sculpt I have ever seen , with lots of ultra-cool accessories , most of them of top - notch quality , and a priceless charm .
I will discount a bit because of the knees joint and the lack of extra hands and stand , but apart from that she is everything I hoped for .
Considering how beautiful she is and how unique she is in the toy universe , Hot Toys price tag was a fair deal on this one .
SCORE RECAP :
Packaging : ***
Sculpt : ****
Paint : ***1/2
Articulation : **
Outfit : **1/2
Accessories : ***
Fun factor : ***
Value : ***
Overall : ***
Potency and Stalk Strengthener
Feed Your Plants The Extra Nutrients Vital In Unlocking A Harvest Chock - full Of The Gorgeous Plants You ’ve Always Imagined
Introduction to Information Retrieval
By Christopher D. Manning , Prabhakar Raghavan & Hinrich Schütze
Website : http://informationretrieval.org/
Cambridge University Press
© 2008 Cambridge University Press
Comments , corrections , and other feedback most welcome at :
informationretrieval ( at ) yahoogroups.com
Brief Contents
Contents
© 2008 Cambridge University Press
This is an automatically generated page .
In case of formatting errors you may want to look at the PDF edition of the book .
2009-04-07
Google has managed to get some decent press by announcing that , in a few years , it might be able to translate speech - something iPhone owners can already do .
The Times picked up the story , and breathlessly reports that such a development could " transform communications among speakers of the world 's 6,000 - plus languages " - nice to know that those sticking to the medium of mime will be unaffected .
Anyone unwilling to wait the " couple of years " for Google 's solution will just have to download the Jibbigo iPhone application , or join the US army .
Comparisons to Douglas Adams ' creation the Babel Fish are inevitable , though The Times credits Google with creating a text translation tool while neglecting to mention the rather - earlier version from AltaVista named after the unfortunate fish ( " unfortunate " as it was forced to live in the user 's ear ) .
Also ignored in the popular press coverage is the fact that DARPA , our favourite mad- scientists - for - a - better - tomorrow funding body , has been pouring money into machine translation for years in the hope of enabling US soldiers to ask questions before shooting .
The DARPA money has been going into TransTac ( Spoken Language Communications and Translation Systems for Tactical Use ) , and largely the International Centre for Advanced Communication Technologies ( interACT ) - specialists who 've been working in the field for a while and whose spin - off product is an iPhone app that translates spoken English into Japanese or Spanish .
But the presence of existing products has never bothered Google before , and the Chocolate Factory reckons it 's got the advantage of all those translated websites to work from .
interACT uses EU speeches , which are recorded in full along with professional translations , to seed its translation efforts , though here at Vulture Central we 're not sufficiently bilingual to judge the quality of what 's on offer .
Translation systems for converting web sites into the Queen 's English are of limited accuracy , but can still enable one to get a general sense of what a foreign article is about , which is often all one needs .
Speech translation to a similar level would be equally useful even if we all have to adopt American accents to use it . ®
Yes , President Barack Obama 's 2010 health - care reform bill was a real watershed for the US , I enthusiastically told the lady from BBC Radio the day after the bill squeaked through the House .
History will compare it to LBJ 's historic Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
Or even his creation of Medicare the following year .
A couple of minutes into the live interview , though , I realised that I was in danger of getting carried away .
I switched mood and said that it will be at least a decade before we know what the effects of the bill will actually be .
You really have to have lived in a country that has a pretty good national health - care system , such as Britain 's ( the " socialised medicine " so dreaded by Americans ) , or a superb one , such as France 's ( also financed by the government , but largely through non-profit - making insurance companies ) , before you fully understand what it is like to live in a country that has such a truly dire health system as America does .
Here , you have to pay almost twice as much as in Britain for medical treatment , yet must expect to die a year earlier .
The French , still so patronised here , live three years longer than the average American .
So , now that health insurance , under Obama 's bill , will cover 32 million more Americans ( note , a further 24 million will still be left with no medical insurance what­soever in 2019 ) , is this legislation the big breakthrough for US health care ?
Profit of doom
“ Now let [ the Republicans ] tell a child with a pre-existing condition , ' We do n't think you should be covered , ' " exulted David Axelrod , Obama 's very own Svengali , after the vote on 21 March .
What Axelrod failed to add was that insurance companies still wo n't have to cover that kid with a pre-existing condition until 2014 - by which time , the Republicans plan , the GOP will have romped back to controlling Congress , from where they will swiftly kill off that kind of large - scale reform .
I , too , have a " pre-existing condition " - an artificial heart valve that has ticked away happily for more than two decades , but which makes me uninsurable here .
Profit - making health insurance companies , after all , only want to insure fully fit and healthy young people .
The number of health - care lobbying organisations in DC grew from 398 to 1,541 during Obama 's first year in office .
The Republicans and their lobbyist chums are already frothing at the mouth to prevent other major reforms , most of which are not due to come into effect for four or nine years anyway , from seeing the light of day .
That is the fundamental weakness of the reforms : they all still revolve around the profit - making insurance companies , which will forever be devoted to keeping down costs and creating huge wealth for themselves .
And they will do that by denying patients treatment .
If you think I am back to Obama - bashing again , I recommend an edition of BusinessWeek - not known for being a friend of the poor and downtrodden - from last August .
" The health insurers have already won " , its cover headline pronounced .
" How UnitedHealth and rival carriers , manoeuvring behind the scenes in Washington , shaped health - care reform for their own benefit . "
It went on to describe , to take just one example , how the former senator Tom Daschle - leader of the Senate Democrats from 1994 - 2004 and Obama 's choice as health secretary until a tax scandal was unearthed - now advises UnitedHealth , despite having publicly advocated a government - run health system .
Herein lies the problem : between 2000 and 2007 , the cost of health insurance in the US went up by 100 per cent .
Doctors , justifiably terrified of litigation over wrong diagnoses , will send you for MRI and PET scans if you turn up with so much as an ingrowing toenail - just as they will wearily write prescriptions for useless but hugely expensive medications advertised ceaselessly on television .
The already ludicrous costs of US health care will continue to soar - meaning , inevitably , that the premiums charged by profit - hungry insurance companies will follow suit .
One of the pledges that got Obama into the White House ( that he would reduce the average family 's health premiums by $ 2,500 per year ) is now as doomed as his promise to shut down Guantanamo by the end of last year .
Hasty applause
Those who congratulate him for pushing the bill through without a single Republican vote are sadly mistaken , too , because the political costs will be enormous .
LBJ managed to rustle up nearly half the House Republicans to vote for Medicare .
By contrast , Obama made 92 direct interventions with House Democrats and , to snatch the crucial eight additional Democratic votes he needed , agreed at the last minute to ban government funding of abortion .
So much for the dreamy post - partisanship he also promised to bring Washington .
Instead , he antagonised part of the Democratic base with his frantic abortion deal and , in effect , declared war for ever on the Republicans .
Hell hath no fury like a scorned Republican , and the midterm elections in November are certain to be an electoral bloodbath .
What few in Europe understand is that , far from being grateful to Obama , even Americans deprived of decent health care - brainwashed by PR that first dreamed up the horror term " socialised medicine " in 1947 to combat Harry Truman 's attempts at reform , and woefully ignorant of much better and less expensive health systems elsewhere - are not supporting his efforts .
A CNN poll the day after the vote showed 59 per cent against the reforms and only 39 per cent for them .
I hope I 'm wrong - I would rather like some insurance myself , after all - but the triumphalism , at best , is premature .
The idea of civilisation has inspired intellectuals and propagandists for millenia , and it is not particularly helpful to enter the debate here .
We shall define it broadly , and in a way that serves our purposes in the current context .
Civilisation is firstly a system , a singular object that connects all its constituent elements together .
The constituent are people , institutions , companies , and the products and services of human artifice .
The connections are people , supply - chains and transport networks , telecommunications and information networks , financial and monetary systems , culture and forms of language .
It has dimensions of space , in the momentary transmission of goods , images , money , and people across the globe .
And it has dimensions of time as stored in libraries , education and institutional knowledge , the patterns of fields and city streets , ideas of who we are and why we do as we do .
It also places , through its history and evolved structures , constraints on its future evolution .
This paper is concerned with humanity 's impact on its environmental resource base , and the effect the resource base has on human welfare .
What mediates between these is our complex civilisation [ i ] .
Recently , a 55 page paper called Tipping Point : Near - Term Implications of a Peak in Global Oil Production ( PDF warning ) was published as the joint effort of two organizations : Feasta and The Risk / Resilience Network , with lead author David Korowicz .
Last week we published the Summary of the paper .
Today , we are publishing a section from the middle paper , talking about the dynamics of complex civilizations .
It is because of the complexity and connectedness of our current economy that the failure of one part of the system is likely to lead to failure of another .
-- Gail
Our particular globalised civilisation is one that has grown to connect almost every person on the planet .
One is in some way part of it if you have heard of Barak Obama , seen a moving image , used money , or have or desire something made in a factory .
There are very few people on the planet who are unconnected , most are more or less integrated .
We can also look at this as our level of system dependency .
Imagine if suddenly across the globe ; all the advanced infrastructure of civilisation - banking , IT , communications systems , and supply - chains suddenly stopped working .
For developed countries relying upon just - in - time delivery of food , digital money ; and complex information systems , starvation and social breakdown could evolve rapidly .
In developing countries the situation would not be much better .
Only for the most remote tribes on the planet it would make little or no difference .
Occasionally we get a glimpse of the issue as during the fuel depot blockades in the UK in 2000 , when supermarkets emptied and the Home Secretary Jack Straw accused the blockaders of " threatening the lives of others and trying to put the whole of our economy and society at risk " [ ii ] .
More recently , the collapse of Lehman Brothers helped precipitate a brief freeze in the financing of world trade as banks became afraid of perceived counter - party risks to Letters of Credit[ iii ] .
The more we become part of the system the more we share its benefits and the more system dependent we become .
It is a cliché , though true , to say that civilisation has become more complex .
We can understand complexity as involving the number of connections between people and institutions ; the intensity of hierarchical networks , the number of products available , the extent and number of the supply - chain functions required to produce these products ; the number of specialized occupations ; the amount of effort that is required to manage and operate systems ; the amount of information available , and the energy flows through the system .
Here is a vivid description of one aspect of complexity by Eric Beinhocker who compares the number of distinct culturally produced artifacts produced by the Yanomamo tribe on the Orinoco River , and modern New Yorkers .
The Yanomamo have a few hundred , the New Yorkers have in the order of tens of billions , and this wealth is a measure of complexity :
To summarize 2.5 million years of economic history in brief : for a very , very long time not much happened ; then all of a sudden all hell broke loose .
It took 99.4 % of economic history to reach the wealth levels of the Yanomamo , 0.59 % to double that level by 1750 , and then just 0.01 % for global wealth to reach the level of the modern world . [ iv ]
Or we can look at it from the point of view of the supply - chains that are required to transform raw materials into products and services that criss - cross the globe .
It is said that a modern car manufacturer has about 15,000 inputs to the manufacturing process .
If each of those components was made by a supplier who put together on average 1500 components ( 10 % ) , and each of those was put together by a supplier who put together 150 components , that makes over 3 billion interactions - and we have not included staff , plant , production lines , IT and financial systems .
Nor are we at the end of the story here .
For the car manufacturer would not exist were there not customers who could afford to buy a new car , which depends upon their economic outputs which are themselves dependent upon vast complex supply chains , and so on .
Nor could these vast networks of exchange exist without transport , finance , and communications networks .
And those networks would not be economically viable unless they were benefiting from the economies of scale shared with many other products and services .
In this way we can start to see how intimately connected we are with one another across the planet , and why we see the global economy as a singular system .
The remarkable thing about such a complex economy is that it works .
Each day I buy bread .
The person who sold me that bread need not know from whom the wheat was bought , who manufactured the mixer , or who provided export credit insurance for the bulk wheat shipment .
The person who delivered the bread to the shop did not need to know who refined his diesel , who invented the polymer for his gasket , or if I personally have money to pay for bread .
The steel company did not know that a small manufacturer of bread mixers would use its product , nor cared where its investment came from .
The process required to simply give me tasty and affordable bread , required , depending on the system boundaries , millions , even hundreds of millions of people acting in a coherent manner .
Yet in all this there was no organizer .
The complexity of understanding , designing , and managing such a system is far beyond human and computer assisted abilities .
We say such systems are self - organised , just like the formation of birds in flight , and the patterns of walkers down a city street .
Self - organisation can be a feature of all complex adaptive systems , as opposed to ‘ just ’ complex systems such as a watch .
Birds do not ‘ agree ’ together that arrow shapes make good sense aerodynamically , and then work out who flies where .
Each bird simply adapts to its local environment and path of least effort , with some innate sense of hierarchy for the lead bird , and what emerges is a macro- structure without intentional design ( readers will notice the same non-teleological explanations within evolutionary biology ) .
Our globalised civilisation has evolved and operates as a complex adaptive system .
From each person , company or institution , with common and distinctive histories , playing their own part in their own niche , and interacting together through cultural and structural channels , the global system emerges .
What ties our globalised civilisation together is the global economy .
It is to our civilisation what blood and the central nervous system is to our body .
The economy allows the exchange of goods and services across the globe .
And the more system dependent we are , the more we rely upon the global economy .
If one side of the global economy is goods and services , the other side is money .
Money has no intrinsic value , it is a piece of paper or charged capacitors in an integrated circuit .
It represents not wealth , but a claim on wealth ( money is not the house or food we can buy with it ) .
Across the globe we exchange something intrinsically valuable for something intrinsically useless .
This only works if we all play the game , governments mandate legal tender , and monetary stability and trust is maintained .
The hyper-inflation in Weimar Germany and in today 's Zimbabwe shows what happens when trust is lost .
One of the great virtues of the global economy is that factories may fail and links in a supply chain can break down , but the economy can quickly adapt to fulfilling that need elsewhere or finding a substitute .
This is a measure of the adaptive capacity within the globalised economy , and is a natural feature of such a de-localised and networked complex adaptive system .
But it is true only within a certain context .
There are common platforms or ‘ hub infrastructure ’ that maintain the operation of the global economy and the operational fabric , without which they would collapse .
Principle among them are the the monetary and financial system , accessible energy flows , and the integrated infrastructures of information technology , electricity generation , and transport .
We can make an analogy here with another complex adaptive system , the human body .
Hub infrastructure for the human body would include blood circulation ( heart ) , the signaling and information ( central nervous system ) , and the respiratory system .
If any of these fail , we die .
However our body can self - repair cuts and light trauma , and can survive quite major local damage ( limb loss ) .
If the local damage is significant enough ( or death by a thousand cuts ) , the body can fail .
So collapse ( death ) can result from hub failure or significant general system damage .
We tend to find that final collapse is driven by the interactions of these elements ( death caused by heart or respiratory failure caused by trauma ) .
This current integrated complexity was not always so .
We have adapted so well to its changes , and its changes have been in general so stable , that we are often oblivious to its ties .
Imagine if all the integrated circuits introduced within the last 10 or even five years should stop working .
Financial systems , the grid , and supply - chains would fail .
Our just - in - time food systems would soon leave the cupboard bare , and our inability to carry out financial transactions would ensure it remained so , real starvation could appear in the most advanced ( system dependent ) economies .
The question poses itself , how can something introduced only in the last five or ten years cause such chaos if removed , after all we were fine just ten years ago ?
Even just consider the consequences of losing the mobile phone network .
Our most basic functioning has become , almost by stealth , more and more entwined with rapid turnover technologies , the complex supply - chains that carry our needs and labours across the planet , and the financial and monetary systems that hold them all together .
3.2 The Evolution of the Global Economy
For most people living before the late medieval period , sustenance and welfare depended upon one 's own efforts and those of one 's close community .
In such a context , abundant harvests could co-exist with nearby famine [ v ]
From a general welfare point of view there was a production and a distribution problem .
The central problem of distribution was firstly that money was a small part of the local economy , as most communities were largely self - sufficient .
Secondly , there were very rudimentary transport links , and actual communication between towns may have been infrequent and haphazard .
This meant that there was neither a proper signaling mechanism to indicate shortages , a tradable store of value , nor a trade and transport system to facilitate the resource redistribution .
Rural villages could find themselves vulnerable to harvest failure ( from flooding say ) , which was the bedrock asset of community welfare , and therefore they had to bear all the risk locally .
The risk could be partially managed by storage and storage technology , but the ability to store for a rainy day also meant that there needed to be surplus production .
But investing in increasing production tends to require surpluses , traded inputs and knowledge from elsewhere .
One of the great advantages of a growing interconnectedness between regions , and more trade with money was that localised risks could be shared over the whole network of regions .
Surpluses could be sold to where prices were highest in the network , and the money received in return would hold its value better than the stored grain prone to rot or rodents .
Distributing surpluses across the network was also the most efficient use of resources .
What economists now call comparative advantage meant that more specialised roles could be performed in the network than in a similar number of isolated regions or towns with greater efficiency .
This meant new products and services could be developed , especially ones that relied on diverse sub-components .
This promoted further efficiency , increased wealth , surpluses , capital and a growing knowledge and technical base .
Now increased investment in future wealth could be more ambitious in building the size of the network ( through assimilation , integration and conquest ) and its levels of integration ( bridges , markets , and guilds ) .
There are push - pull drivers of growth ; in human behavior ; in population growth ; in the need to maintain existing infrastructure and wealth against entropic decay ; in the need to employ those displaced by technology ; in the response to new problems arising ; and in the need to service debt that forms the basis of our economic system .
The process of economic growth and complexity has been self - re- enforcing .
The growth in the size of the networks of exchange , the level of complexity , the economic efficiencies all provide a basis for further growth .
Growing complexity provides the basis for developing even more complex integration .
In aggregate , as the operational fabric evolves in complexity it provides the basis to build more complex solutions .
We are problem solvers , arising from our basic needs , status anxiety , and our responses to the new challenges a dynamic environment presents .
That could be simple such as getting a bus or making bread ; or it could be complex , putting in a renewable energy infrastructure say .
We tend to exploit the easiest and least costly solutions first .
We pick the lowest hanging fruit , or the easiest extractable oil first .
As problems are solved new ones tend to require more complex solutions .
Our ability to solve problems is limited by the range of possible solutions available to us , the solution space .
The extent of the solution space is limited by knowledge and culture ; the operational fabric at a time ; and the available energetic , material , and economic resources available to us .
It is also shaped by the interactions with the myriad other interacting agents such as people and institutions , and because all may be increasingly complex , they may re-enforce growing complexity as they co-evolve together .
As new technologies and business models ( solutions or sets of solutions ) emerge they co-adapt and co-evolve with what is already present .
Their adoption and spread through wider networks will be dependent upon the efficiencies they provide in terms of lower costs and new market opportunities .
One of the principle ways of gaining overall efficiency is by letting individual parts of the system share the costs of transactions by sharing common platforms ( information networks , supply chains , financial systems ) , and integrating more .
Thus there is a re-enforcing trend of benefits for those who build the platform and the users of the platform , which grows as the number of users grow .
In time the scale of the system becomes a barrier to a diversity of alternative systems as the upfront cost and the embedded economies of scale become a greater barrier to new entrants , this being more true for more complex hub infrastructure .
Here we are not necessarily associating lack of system diversity with corporate monopolies .
There is quite vigorous competition between mobile phone service providers - but they share common platforms and co-integrate with electricity networks and the monetary system , for example .
This however can lay the basis for systemic vulnerability .
That is , if our IT platform failed so too would our financial , knowledge and energy systems .
Conversely if our financial system collapsed , it would not take long for our IT and supply - chains to collapse .
The UK based Institute of Civil Engineers acknowledges that the complex relationships between co-dependent critical infrastructure is not understood [ vi ] .
Our operational systems are not isolated from the wider economy either .
Because of the expense of infrastructure and the continual need for replacement of components , a large number of economically connected people and economies of scale are necessary to provide their operational viability .
What has helped make such systems viable is that they are being cross-subsidized throughout the whole economy .
The resource required to build and maintain critical complex infrastructure demands that we buy games consoles , send superfluous text messages , and watch YouTube .
The growth of civilisation has costs , and as it grows , costs rise .
The biggest driver of environmental destruction is the growth process itself .
Rising soil and aquifer depletion , collapsed fisheries , deforestation , greenhouse gas emissions , and polluted groundwater are just some of the consequences of the requirement for continuous flows for the maintenance and growth in GDP .
There are also the costs of complexity itself .
As systems become more complex there are growing costs associated with managing and operating the systems and the investment in educating people who will work in more specialised roles .
Joseph Tainter has argued that declining marginal returns on growing complexity provide the context in which previous civilisations have collapsed [ vii ] .
The benefits of rising complexity are finally outweighed by the rising costs .
But problems still arise , and a society no longer can respond to those problems in the traditional way - increasingly complex solutions .
It becomes locked into established processes and infrastructures but is less able to recover from shocks or adapt to change , it loses resilience .
3.3 Evolution of Science & Technology
The assumption that science and technology will automatically respond to meet the challenges we face has become an article of faith .
It is related to our conceptions of ' progress ' , and its power and potential may be asserted with authority by anyone .
In discussions of sustainability , science and technology is often invoked as the deus ex machina destined to fill the looming gaps between our demands and the earth 's ability to supply them .
In this sense it may act as a collective charm wielded to chase away the anxiety induced by glimpses of our civilisation 's precariousness .
The following section attempts to locate science and technology within the evolutionary and material conditions of our economy .
We also wish to illuminate a little more why high technology infrastructure is vulnerable .
Science & Technology Suffer from Declining Marginal Returns
In 1897 J.J. Thompson discovered the electron , then the cutting edge of physics , all on a laboratory bench .
The understanding of this particle laid the foundation for the digital infrastructure upon which much of the world relies .
Today it requires a 27 km underground tunnel , 1,600 27 tonne superconducting magnets cooled to less than 2 degrees above absolute zero , and the direct involvement of over 10,000 scientists and engineers to find ( possibly ) today 's cutting - edge particle , the Higgs boson .
In the 1920s , Alexander Fleming discovered penicillin , with a huge benefit to human welfare , for a cost of about € 20,000 .
Today it costs hundreds of millions to develop minor variations on existing drugs that do little for human welfare .
Science and technology are an exercise in problem solving .
As generalised knowledge is established early on in the history of a discipline , the work that remains to be done becomes increasingly specialised .
The problems become more difficult to solve , are more costly , and progress in smaller increments .
Increasing investments in research yield declining marginal return [ viii ] .
We see this in the growing size of research groups , levels of specialisation , and the knowledge burden [ ix ] .
The conclusion is that further research and development is likely to be more resource intensive , yet on average give smaller returns to society .
For a society trying to undergo an energy transformation , this means that more and more of possibly declining energy available to society must be devoted to research and development , but with less likelihood of significant breakthroughs .
The Most Advanced Technology is the Most Resource Intensive
Because new technologies tend to be solutions to more complex problems , are built using high technology components , and have relied upon the continually upgrading operational fabric ; they tend to be more resource intensive .
We can see this in the evolution of key manufacturing processes over the last century where one analysis shows a six order of magnitude increase in the energy and resource intensiveness per unit mass of processed materials .
This was driven by the desire for smaller and more precise devices and products [ x ] .
A 2 gram 32 MB DRAM chip would now be considered archaic , but it required 1700g of resources to fabricate , one expects that contemporary Very Large Scale Integration ( VLSI ) chips require vastly more resources [ xi ] .
While popular focus tends to be on the direct energy used by final goods , it is the embodied energy and material resources that is staggering [ xii ] .
Yet the high - tech products we use ( computers say ) , require the networks , telecoms infrastructure , software , and the computer use of others to realise their value .
Which in turn depends upon an even vaster infrastructure .
So in a way , asking about the resource requirements of your computer is akin to asking about the resource requirements for your finger , it make sense only if you assume the rest of the body is well resourced .
Finally , we note for completeness that rising energetic and material costs from growing complexity ( more specifically energy flows per unit mass ) is just what we would expect from thermodynamic principles .
The Most Advanced Technology Has the Most Complex Supply - Chain Dependencies
The more complex a product and production process the more tightly integrated it is into the global economy .
There are far more direct and indirect links in the supply - chains upon which they are dependent .
Its production process is also dependent upon the inputs of more specialized suppliers with fewer substitutes .
Let us consider the integrated circuit as our standard - bearer of technological complexity .
Intel , who supply 90 % of the processors in personal computers relies upon high - tech research - led companies providing sophisticated optical and metrology systems , control electronics , and a vast array of specialty chemicals .
Those companies rely upon further sophisticated inputs with few substitutes .
High - tech is less geographically mobile , relies upon very specialised staff and institutional knowledge , and generally will have a very large sunk cost in the operations and plant .
Thus we can say that the more technologically advanced a process the greater risk it faces from supply - chain breakdown , just like the old rhyme :
For want of a nail the shoe was lost .
For want of a shoe the horse was lost .
For want of a horse the rider was lost .
For want of a rider the battle was lost .
For want of a battle the kingdom was lost .
And all for the want of a horseshoe nail .
Because of the complexity of chip manufacture no company has the knowledge to build an integrated circuit ( IC ) ' from the ground up ' , that is , by starting with the raw elements to build all the production and operation systems , and process inputs .
Many companies have co-adapted and co-evolved together , so that the knowledge of fabrication and the tools of fabrication , and the tools of those tools is really an IC - ecosystem knowledge , which itself is co-dependent on the global economy .
References :
[ i ] Korowicz , D. Things Fall Apart :
Some thoughts on complexity , supply - chains , infrastructure , and collapse dynamics .
ASPO / The Oil Drum ' Peak Summit ' , Perugia , Italy ( 2009 ) .
Gives an overview of some of the issues discussed here .
At www.theoildrum.com/node/5633
[ ii ] Jack Straw BBC News .
4 November 2000 .
[ iii ]
Here we are referring to the 95 % drop in the Baltic Dry Shipping Index .
See www.globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com/2008/10/baltic-dry-shipping-collapses.html.
[ iv ]
Beinhocker , E. The Origin of Wealth : Evolution , Complexity , and the Radical Remaking of Economics .
Rh Business Books ( 2005 ) .
[ v ] Blanning , T. The Pursuit of Glory ( 2007 ) .
Describes harvest failures and famines in Scotland and the north of England at the end of the 17th Century , in which some regions were saved the worst by canal networks .
Page 53 .
[ vi ] State of the Nation : Defending Critical Infrastructure .
Institute of Civil Engineers ( 2009 ) .
[ vii ] Tainter , J.A. ( 1988 ) The Collapse of Complex Societies .
Cambridge Univ. Press .
[ viii ] Tainter J. ( 1996 ) Complexity , Problem Solving , and Sustainable Societies .
Getting Down to Earth : Practical Applications of Ecological Economics .
Island Press .
[ ix ] Jones , B. The Burden of Knowledge and the Death of the Rennaissance Man : Is Innovation Getting Harder ?
Review of Economic Studies 76 ( 1 ) ( 2009 )
[ x ] Gutowski T. et. al. Thermodynamic Analysis of Resources Used in Manufacturing Processes .
Environ .
Sci. Technol .
43(5 ) pp1584-1590 ( 2009 ) .
[ xi ] Williams .
E , Ayres. R.U , Heller .
M. The 1.7 kilogram Microchip : Energy and Material Use in the Production of Semiconductor Devices .
Environ .
Sci. Technol . 36 , 5504-5510 .( 2002 )
[ xii ] De Decker , K. ( 2009 ) The Monster Footprint of Digital Technology .
Low - tech Magazine July .
By Rachel Harvey
BBC News , Bangkok
Jetsun Pema was due to give a speech called Tibet : My Story
Thailand has refused to grant a visa to the sister of the Dalai Lama because it does not want to anger China .
Jetsun Pema , younger sister of the Tibetan spiritual leader , was due to be giving a keynote speech at a festival of Tibetan culture in Bangkok
But the Thai Foreign ministry said her visa request was denied over fears her presence could be linked to politics .
China regards
Tibet as an integral part of its territory , and considers the Dalai Lama a dangerous separatist .
About 30 Tibetan exiles living in India have been granted visas to take part in the Festival of Tibetan Spirituality , Arts and Cultures , which gets under way in the Thai capital on Friday .
But the guest of honour is missing from the list .
Jetsun Pema , the 69 - year - old sister of the Dalai Lama , was supposed to be giving a speech , with the working title Tibet : My Story .
But the Thai government has decided that telling her story could be interpreted by China as a political statement .
A spokesman for the Thai Foreign Ministry told the BBC : " Thailand has a long - standing policy of not letting any person use Thailand as a base to criticise or undertake activities detrimental to other countries . "
The growing trade between Beijing and Bangkok may also have been a factor .
Ironically , in trying to avoid a potential diplomatic spat , the Thai government may well have injected into the cultural festival the very element of politics it was trying to avoid .
ANN COULTER made headlines this week not for controversial things she said , for once , but for what she did n’t say .
The conservative commentator canceled her scheduled speech at the University of Ottawa after hundreds of students protested her visit and the school ’s provost warned her she might face criminal charges if she made racist remarks .
Coulter ’s hate - filled writing is mostly despised by America ’s northern neighbors , and rightly so .
But Canada ’s treatment of the right - wing instigator is only the latest in a disturbing line of clampdowns on offensive and unpopular ideas .
Though in some ways the left - wing utopia many American liberals imagine it to be , Canada is , on matters of free speech , deeply wrong .
Canada ’s un - welcome mat for Coulter comes at a time when the country ’s restrictive speech policies continue to be debated .
In 2006 , the now - defunct Western Standard magazine reprinted the Danish cartoons that sparked riots across Europe and the Muslim world .
Ezra Levant , publisher of the magazine ( where I was a reporter ) , was called before a hearing with the Alberta Human Rights Commission .
Levant told the commission he had done nothing wrong and would never answer to the state for his ideas .
The hearing was posted on YouTube , where it became a mini-sensation , watched more than half a million times .
The case became a cause célèbre for free speech advocates : PEN Canada , the Canadian Association of Journalists and the Canadian Civil Liberties Association all came to Levant ’s defense .
It ’s easy to see why .
Canada ’s constitution guarantees freedom of speech — but there are two limits .
First , laws prohibit incitement of hatred of people based on their color , race , religion , ethnic origin , or sexual orientation .
Second , it is illegal to communicate by phone or Internet any material “ that is likely to expose a person or persons to hatred or contempt . ’’
These are the loopholes through which all the country ’s controversies enter .
Though written to prevent neo -Nazis and other odious characters from spewing their toxins , these restrictions have become human rights violations in themselves .
Among the targets of these laws have been anti-American protesters , an anti-gay Christian pastor , radical Islamists , anti-Hindu Sikhs , French - Canadian nationalists , a movie sympathetic to South Africa , an anti-Semitic Indian , a pro-Zionist book , a Jewish community leader and Salman Rushdie ’s novel “ The Satanic Verses . ’’
In other words , anybody with an unpopular viewpoint can become fodder for the courts , which alone are granted the freedom to determine the limits of civilized ideas .
The laws as they were written were a recipe for censorship , and the meal has now been cooked .
Worse , the legal restrictions on free speech have contributed to a climate where freedom of thought and speech is considered a disposable value .
During a 2008 case examining a white supremacist , a lead investigator for the Human Rights Commission was asked what value she gave to the freedom of speech .
She responded : “ Freedom of speech is an American concept , so I do n’t give it any value .
It ’s not my job to give value to an American concept . ’’
Various speakers in recent years have been forced to cancel their talks because of possible violence .
Not surprisingly , there has been a lot of pushback against the speech laws , with Liberal Members of Parliament suggesting that the Human Rights Commission be shut down .
Enter Ann Coulter and her Canadian tour .
After she disgustingly told a Muslim student at the University of Western Ontario to “ ride a camel , ’’ the University of Ottawa provost preempted her visit by telling her any offensive remarks could “ lead to criminal charges . ’’
Hundreds of students protested her visit , openly desiring to shut her talk down and turning it into a near - riot .
Police recommended Coulter cancel her appearance , and the event organizers agreed .
But whatever else she says , Coulter does not tell her readers and audiences to immediately take up violence .
She is not literally dangerous .
Racist , offensive , stupid , angering — yes .
But not dangerous .
What is dangerous is Canada ’s intolerance of offensive speech .
American liberals are used to looking up on the map in envy , but ideas on speech are one instance when Canadians should look south .
It is long past time to free Canada ’s speech .
Even if it means putting up with Ann Coulter .
Jordan Michael Smith is a Canadian writer living in Washington .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Now here 's a product that will surely sell off the shelves ... the smell of a woman 's vagina in a bottle !
As of this morning I work for Google .
The title is “ Developer Advocate ” .
The focus is Android .
Fun is expected .
How ?
· Google and I have been a plausible match for a long time .
Web - centric , check .
Search , check .
Open - source , check .
The list goes on .
We ’ve talked repeatedly over the years , but the conversations all ended at the point when I said “ ... and I do n’t want to move to the Bay Area ” .
Then that changed .
The process started with Dan Morrill who led me to Mike Winton who led me through the notorious Google Interview Process .
I think I talked to eleven people in the course of my day there , failing one logic puzzle but acing the what - does - a - browser - actually - do test .
Then they made an offer and I accepted and here I am .
By “ here ” I mean Vancouver ; I ’ll be working remotely .
Context · I ’d had an offer to stay with Oracle which I decided to decline ; I ’ll maybe tell the story when I can think about it without getting that weird spiking - blood - pressure sensation in my eyeballs .
So I reached out to a couple of appealing potential next employers , both were interested , and Google seemed like the best bet .
On Google ·
It ’s now too big to be purely good or in fact purely anything .
I ’m sure that tendrils of stupidity and evil are even now finding interstitial breeding grounds whence they will emerge to cause grief .
And there are some Google initiatives that I feel no urge to go near .
But there are those Ten Things and you know , I ’m down with ’em .
Unreservedly .
The reason I ’m here is mostly Android .
Which seems to me about as unambiguously a good thing as the tangled wrinkly human texture of the Net can sustain just now .
Here ’s why :
It ’s not good to be on the Net at all times , but it ’s very good to have the Net available at all times .
Google needs , and is committed to , Android ; it ’s not just a hobby .
The Android user experience is very good and , more important , getting better fast .
It ’s developer - friendly ; the barriers to entry are very low for the several million people on the planet who are comfy with the java programming language .
The APIs are pretty good in my experience , and even more important , complete .
Near as I can tell , there ’s nothing interesting the phones can do that ’s not exposed through some API or other .
Anyone can build any hardware they want around the Android software ; no approval required .
Anyone can sell any program they write via the Android Market ; no approval required .
It ’s open - source .
The smartphone arena where Android plays is extra interesting right now , with space for radical experimentation both on the technology and business fronts .
The mobile space has had a huge impact in the emerging economies of the less - developed world and I think that ’s just getting started .
I want to be part of that story and Android seems like the right software platform for it .
I ’ll enjoy competing with Apple .
Compete With Apple , You Say ? ·
As of now , they ’re selling around 90 K iPhones per day compared to around 60 K Android handsets .
It ’s a horse race !
The iPhone vision of the mobile Internet ’s future omits controversy , sex , and freedom , but includes strict limits on who can know what and who can say what .
It ’s a sterile Disney - fied walled garden surrounded by sharp - toothed lawyers .
The people who create the apps serve at the landlord ’s pleasure and fear his anger .
I hate it .
I hate it even though the iPhone hardware and software are great , because freedom ’s not just another word for anything , nor is it an optional ingredient .
The big thing about the Web is n’t the technology , it ’s that it ’s the first - ever platform without a vendor ( credit for first pointing this out goes to Dave Winer ) .
From that follows almost everything that matters , and it matters a lot now , to a huge number of people .
It ’s the only kind of platform I want to help build .
Apple apparently thinks you can have the benefits of the Internet while at the same time controlling what programs can be run and what parts of the stack can be accessed and what developers can say to each other .
I think they ’re wrong and see this job as a chance to help prove it .
The tragedy is that Apple builds some great open platforms ; I ’ve been a happy buyer of their computing systems for some years now and , despite my current irritation , will probably go on using them .
What I ’m Going to Do · Not sure yet .
Obviously I ’ll go on blogging here .
Are you an Android developer ?
Or might you become one ?
Or have you given up on Android ?
If you ’re any of these , you ’re a person I need to learn from .
Help teach me , I ’m easy to find : twbray at google.com .
A few other things are obvious to me : I ’m going to have to buckle down and write a useful Android app so that I have a better feel for the issues .
I ’m going to have to get savvier about HTML5 - based applications , because a lot of smart people think the future ’s there , that the “ native app ” notion will soon seem quaint .
I ’m going to have to dig in and really understand the Android Market .
I ’m going to have to spend a lot of time at the Googleplex to get to know the people .
There ’s nothing that says I ’m just doing Android , but it seems that there ’s enough Android work to keep a dozen of me busy .
A couple of other things have come up in the conversation where I might be useful ; we ’ll see .
What I ’m Not Going to Do · I ’m not going to change the tone here ; I admire the creamy gloss of the language on the official Google Web properties , but that ai n’t me .
Just like the disclaimer says , what it says here is what I think , do n’t count on Google or anyone else agreeing with it or even having seen it before I publish it .
Disclosure : Google asked to see an advance draft of the piece you ’re now reading “ for coordinating messaging ” , but did n’t suggest any changes .
I ’m probably not going to get much involved in the social - networking arena .
I see myself as behind the pack on that stuff ; still ca n’t explain why it is I like Twitter so much more than Facebook , and loathe FriendFeed .
I ’m not going to stop liking Ruby .
To start with , there are things like Ruboto and ohai - android , which I have running on my Nexus One .
Plus , I never bought into the notion that serious coding requires curly braces and semicolons .
I ’m not going to stop worrying about concurrent programming , because our failure to equip developers to do it right is going to bite our asses just as hard in the mobile space as anywhere else .
Maybe harder , since mobiles are power - starved by definition and current data seem to show that slower many - core CPUs give you more computing per milliwatt .
Reach ·
We ’re close to Vancouver ’s excellent Mount Pleasant Community Centre and take our kids to the library there .
It has good free WiFi and lots of public - access computers .
When we visit I always make a surveillance pass , glancing over shoulders at screens .
Some days , I see Google on more than half of them .
That , and Android ; that ’s why .
A few minutes ago , the Ubuntu development team unleashed the first Beta version of the upcoming Ubuntu 10.04 LTS ( Lucid Lynx ) operating system , due for release in late April this year .
As usual , we 've downloaded a copy of it in order to keep you up - to - date with the latest changes in the Ubuntu 10.04 LTS development .
What 's new in Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Beta 1 ?
Well , as everybody already knows ...
Ubuntu 10.04 LTS
Beta 1 has a brand - new look , composed of two new themes ( Ambiance and Radiance ) , one is dark and the other one is light .
Click the link above to access a very nice article we created last week , to showcase the new themes , logos , font , boot splash and boot prompt .
However , after installing the proprietary Nvidia video drivers , the boot splash screen has been changed to what you see below ...
Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Beta 1
Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Beta 1
Another thing that everyone already knew from various websites around the web is that Ubuntu 10.04 LTS incorporates the Yahoo ! search engine on the default Home Page for the Mozilla Firefox web browser .
However , this can be easily switched back to the Google search engine by simply selecting it from the Search Bar !
Ubuntu 10.04 LTS
Beta 1 is powered by the GNOME 2.30 RC ( 2.29.92 ) desktop environment and the kernel packages have been updated to version 2.6.32-16.25 , based on Linux kernel 2.6.32.9 .
What 's new in Kubuntu 10.04 LTS Beta 1 ?
The first beta version of the upcoming Kubuntu 10.04 LTS operating system is built on top of the KDE Software Compilation 4.4.1 , and includes the newly released Amarok 2.3.0 music player , a polished system tray notification , better integration for Mozilla Firefox , Touchpad configuration support in System Settings , integration of GNOME apps in systray , and a good - looking installer !
Kubuntu 10.04 LTS
Beta 1
Xubuntu 10.04 LTS
Beta 1
Lubuntu 10.04 LTS
Beta 1
The Lucid Lynx Release Schedule :
December 10th , 2009 - Alpha 1 release ; January 14th , 2010 - Alpha 2 release ; February 25th , 2010 - Alpha 3 release ; March 18th , 2010 - Beta 1 release ; April 8th , 2010 - Beta 2 release ; April 22nd , 2010 - Release Candidate ; April 29th , 2010 - Final release of Ubuntu 10.04 LTS .
Download Ubuntu 10.04 LTS
Beta 1 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Netbook Remix 10.04 LTS Beta 1 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Server 10.04 LTS
Beta 1 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Enterprise Cloud 10.04 LTS
Beta 1 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Studio 10.04 LTS
Beta 1 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Kubuntu 10.04 LTS
Beta 1 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Kubuntu Netbook Remix 10.04 LTS
Beta 1 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Xubuntu 10.04 Beta 1 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Edubuntu 10.04 Beta 1 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Mythbuntu 10.04 Beta 1 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Lubuntu 10.04 Beta 1 right now from Softpedia .
Remember that this is a beta release and it should NOT be installed on production machines .
It is intended to be used for testing purposes only .
Please report bugs to the Ubuntu Bug Tracker .
Using ESO 's Very Large Telescope , astronomers have discovered the most distant black hole ever observed .
Six million light years from Earth , it lies at the heart of a spiral galaxy , and is rapidly orbiting and eating a massive star .
According to a release about the new discovery :
The newly announced black hole lies in a spiral galaxy called NGC 300 . . .
" This is the most distant stellar - mass black hole ever weighed , and it 's the first one we 've seen outside our own galactic neighbourhood , the Local Group , " says Paul Crowther , Professor of Astrophysics at the University of Sheffield and lead author of the paper reporting the study .
The black hole 's curious partner is a Wolf– Rayet star , which also has a mass of about twenty times as much as the Sun.
Wolf– Rayet stars are near the end of their lives and expel most of their outer layers into their surroundings before exploding as supernovae , with their cores imploding to form black holes .
In 2007 , an X - ray instrument aboard NASA 's Swift observatory scrutinised the surroundings of the brightest X - ray source in NGC 300 discovered earlier with the European Space Agency 's XMM - Newton X -ray observatory .
" We recorded periodic , extremely intense X - ray emission , a clue that a black hole might be lurking in the area , " explains team member Stefania Carpano from ESA .
Thanks to new observations performed with the FORS2 instrument mounted on ESO 's Very Large Telescope , astronomers have confirmed their earlier hunch .
The new data show that the black hole and the Wolf– Rayet star dance around each other in a diabolic waltz , with a period of about 32 hours .
The astronomers also found that the black hole is stripping matter away from the star as they orbit each other .
" This is indeed a very ' intimate ' couple , " notes collaborator Robin Barnard .
" How such a tightly bound system has been formed is still a mystery . "
Feb. 24 , 2010 -- Everybody , not just those at risk of complications , should get a yearly flu shot , the CDC 's immunization advisory panel says .
The CDC almost certainly will make universal flu vaccination official U.S. policy for this fall 's 2010 - 2011 flu season , as it consistently follows the advice of the panel of outside experts , called the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices ( ACIP ) .
Now flu vaccination will be advised even for healthy adults ages 19 to 49 who do not come into contact with infants or elderly people , who are at highest risk of flu complications .
That 's only 15 % of the U.S. population .
But the ACIP say the effect of the universal recommendation will affect far more people .
That 's because a lot of people for whom the flu vaccine already is recommended do n't think of themselves as being at high risk .
Moreover , the universal recommendation simplifies the extremely complicated current recommendations that create confusion about who should and should not be vaccinated .
And it makes it likely that insurers will cover flu shots for all healthy adults .
ACIP members also said that the universal recommendation would assure Americans that the nation 's public health experts are fully confident in the safety and effectiveness of the flu vaccine -- particularly the H1N1 swine flu vaccine .
The 2010 - 2011 seasonal flu vaccine will include the H1N1 swine flu vaccine , as the pandemic virus appears to have replaced the seasonal H1N1 virus covered by previous vaccines .
The new seasonal vaccine will also include protection against the predominant " Perth " H3N2 type A and " Brisbane " type B flus .
favorite favorite favorite favorite
This is great !
Morphing designs and fractal - like grids ... I dig .
Thank you for posting !!
Brings me back ... I just want to jump right in .
( I have a few reasons why not a whole lot of users have commented ... keyboard is sometimes just too far away when flying high ... )
- November 20 , 2010 Enjoi
Does Schrödinger 's cat really exist ?
You bet .
The first ever quantum superposition in an object visible to the naked eye has been observed .
Advertisement
Aaron O'Connell and colleagues at the University of California , Santa Barbara , did not actually produce a cat that was dead and alive at the same time , as Erwin Schrödinger proposed in a notorious thought experiment 75 years ago .
But they did show that a tiny resonating strip of metal – only 60 micrometres long , but big enough to be seen without a microscope – can both oscillate and not oscillate at the same time .
Alas , you could n't actually see the effect happening , because that very act of observation would take it out of superposition .
" We talk about quantum weirdness and things being in two places at once , but it all involves atoms and molecules , stuff we do n't normally interact with , " says O'Connell , who presented the results at the March meeting of the American Physical Society in Portland , Oregon .
Advertisement
Bridge between worlds ?
Proving that all objects , whatever their size , obeys the same rules has long been a goal of physicists .
But with quantum mechanics it is no trivial matter : the larger an object , the more easily its fragile quantum state is destroyed by the disruptive influence of the world around it .
O'Connell 's experiments required delicate control and a temperature of just 25 millikelvin to measure the state in the few nanoseconds before it was broken down by disruptive influences from outside .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" It was a close call , but sufficient to see a first quantum signature , " says Markus Aspelmeyer of the University of Vienna , Austria , who was not involved in the research .
The key was to connect the resonating strip to a superconducting qubit – a tiny electric circuit that can easily be prepared in a quantum superposition of two energy states .
" The qubit acts as a bridge between the microscopic and the macroscopic worlds , " says O'Connell .
By tuning the frequency at which the qubit cycled between its two states to match the resonant frequency of the metallic strip , the qubit 's quantum state could be transferred to the resonator at will .
Advertisement
When measured afterwards , the resonator was sometimes in its non-oscillating ground state and sometimes in an oscillating " excited " state .
The number of times it was measured to be in each state followed the probabilistic rules of quantum mechanics .
Next , the cat ?
" It 's like you have a child 's swing that goes back and forth , " says O'Connell .
" We pushed the swing and did n't push the swing at the same time . "
Advertisement
" This is challenging and creative work , " says Khaled Karrai of Ludwig - Maximilian University Munich , Germany .
" If correct , it is a breakthrough . "
Schrödinger 's cat would be unlikely to survive the frigid temperatures of such experiments , so it is perhaps not the next milestone to look out for .
But now the spooky influence of quantum physics on visible objects has been proved , can we expect to be putting an object as large as a real child 's swing into an indeterminate quantum state any time soon ?
O'Connell thinks so .
" I 'd say in the near future – in the next 20 years . "
Advertisement
Journal reference : Nature , DOI : 10.1038/nature08967
This article by Richard Webb appeared originally on New Scientist .
For the best part of twenty years until she died , Mary Stuart was either imprisoned or on trial in England at the behest of her first cousin , Elizabeth I .
Her entire life was anything but normal , having been crowned Queen of Scots at nine months of age , married and widowed by the time she was seventeen , and even Queen of France for a short period .
She also had her eye on the English throne , and that cemented her downfall .
The following farewell letter was written by Mary , then aged 44 , in the early hours of February 8th , 1587 , to the brother of her deceased first husband .
Just six hours later , as mentioned in the correspondence , she was beheaded in front of 300 witnesses .
Transcript and translation follow .
( Source : National Library of Scotland ; Image via . )
Transcript
Translated Transcript
Queen of Scotland
8 Feb . 1587
Royal brother , having by God ’s will , for my sins I think , thrown myself into the power of the Queen my cousin , at whose hands I have suffered much for almost twenty years , I have finally been condemned to death by her and her Estates .
I have asked for my papers , which they have taken away , in order that I might make my will , but I have been unable to recover anything of use to me , or even get leave either to make my will freely or to have my body conveyed after my death , as I would wish , to your kingdom where I had the honour to be queen , your sister and old ally .
Tonight , after dinner , I have been advised of my sentence : I am to be executed like a criminal at eight in the morning .
I have not had time to give you a full account of everything that has happened , but if you will listen to my doctor and my other unfortunate servants , you will learn the truth , and how , thanks be to God , I scorn death and vow that I meet it innocent of any crime , even if I were their subject .
The Catholic faith and the assertion of my God - given right to the English crown are the two issues on which I am condemned , and yet I am not allowed to say that it is for the Catholic religion that I die , but for fear of interference with theirs .
The proof of this is that they have taken away my chaplain , and although he is in the building , I have not been able to get permission for him to come and hear my confession and give me the Last Sacrament , while they have been most insistent that I receive the consolation and instruction of their minister , brought here for that purpose .
The bearer of this letter and his companions , most of them your subjects , will testify to my conduct at my last hour .
It remains for me to beg Your Most Christian Majesty , my brother - in - law and old ally , who have always protested your love for me , to give proof now of your goodness on all these points : firstly by charity , in paying my unfortunate servants the wages due them – this is a burden on my conscience that only you can relieve : further , by having prayers offered to God for a queen who has borne the title Most Christian , and who dies a Catholic , stripped of all her possessions .
As for my son , I commend him to you in so far as he deserves , for I can not answer for him .
I have taken the liberty of sending you two precious stones , talismans against illness , trusting that you will enjoy good health and a long and happy life .
Accept them from your loving sister - in - law , who , as she dies , bears witness of her warm feeling for you .
Again I commend my servants to you .
Give instructions , if it please you , that for my soul ’s sake part of what you owe me should be paid , and that for the sake of Jesus Christ , to whom I shall pray for you tomorrow as I die , I be left enough to found a memorial mass and give the customary alms .
Wednesday , at two in the morning
Your most loving and most true sister
Mari R
Outside of my Wild Prediction ( click here to view ) , we have n’t talked much about Yovani Gallardo this preseason .
He is one of my favorite pitchers entering 2010 and I did n’t really think it was necessary to discuss him .
While many think highly of him , it turns out a little conversation is needed .
Last season there were a lot of questions surrounding him , as injuries had cost him all but 24 innings in 2008 , but he responded with flying colors :
13 Wins
185.2 Innings
3.73 ERA
1.31 WHIP
204 Strikeouts ( 9.89 K/9 )
94 Walks ( 4.56 B/99 )
. 288 BABIP
The concern that jumps out at you immediately is his control , though to me it just should n’t be such a concern .
I know , it was n’t just his time missed sue to injury considering the walk rate actually regressed as the season progressed :
First Half – 4.3 BB/9
Second Half – 4.9 BB/9
However , he had proven prior to 2009 that he is a pitcher whose control is not erratic .
In 110.1 innings in the Major Leagues in 2007 his walk rate was 3.0 .
For his minor league career ( 396.1 innings ) , his walk rate was 3.2 .
I know it was a struggle last season , but given his history I just ca n’t go into 2010 expecting them to be repeated .
A track record is a track record and it ’s going to take more than just one blip on the radar to deter me .
The thing is , that ’s the only real negative to point to .
Was he slightly lucky with a 77.9 % strand rate ?
Sure , but it ’s not an outrageous mark .
Did he not win enough games for an elite pitcher ?
Yes , but how much is that him due to the offense surrounding him ?
With an ERA of 3.73 , you would expect him to be able to get a few more Ws out of it .
In fact , with the Brewers offense behind him , if he just repeats last season ’s performance I ’d figure him for at least one or two more victories .
All he needs is more run support .
Outside of those things , what exactly are you discouraged about ?
Is it his strikeout rate ?
Do n’t think he can maintain it ?
Granted , he may regress some , but if you expect him to repeat his 8.2 in his rookie season you would be mistaken .
Over his minor league career he posted a 10.4 mark .
I know , clearly he just feasted on low level opponents .
Think again :
Double - A – 2006 – 9.9 K/9 in 77.1 innings
Triple - A – 2007 – 12.7 K/9 in 77.2 innings
Do n’t believe the fact that he generated a groundball rate of 45.0 % ?
It may be slightly high , but his minor league mark was at 48.2 % and in ’07 at Triple - A he was at 43.3 % .
While he may not match last year ’s mark , he also should not be very far off .
The BABIP is reasonable and repeatable .
The home run output ( 1.02 HR/9 and 12.3 % HR / FB ) is not a deterrent .
The fastball , averaging 92.3 mph , is electric .
He ’s just a young ace in the making and I ’m expecting big things from him in 2010 :
190.0 IP , 17 W , 3.41 ERA , 1.27 WHIP , 200 K ( 9.47 K/9 ) , 74 BB ( 3.51 BB/9 )
I have him ranked as the 11th starting pitcher on my draft board ( click here for the most recent rankings ) , meaning that I would n’t mind taking him as my # 1 starter , though as a last resort .
The truth is that he actually has the potential to outperform those numbers and finish the season as a top six or seven pitcher .
I understand the concerns about the control , but I just do n’t see it .
There ’s so much to like about him and I just do n’t understand why he ’s the 17th starting pitcher off the board according to Mock Draft Central , behind guys like Cliff Lee and Tommy Hanson .
For me , I take Gallardo every time .
What about you ?
Is Gallardo someone you would n’t mind having as an ace ?
Why or why not ?
If you would like to see a free preview of the Rotoprofessor 2010 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide ( available for just $ 5 ) now including a Top 50 Prospects for 2010 List , click here .
For some 2010 projections , click here .
Among those we ’ve already covered include :
Picture courtesy of Icon Sports Media , Inc .
Although the gay community has increasingly been assimilated into the mainstream , those identified as transgender seem to remain on the fringes of society
STATEN ISLAND , N.Y . --
He has meaty forearms , facial hair and speaks in the animated tones of a pubescent boy .
When he dresses in his favorite sweats , he is barrel - bellied and unquestionably masculine .
No trace of breasts can be seen under his T - shirt .
But it took most of James Anastos ' 37 years to muster the courage to live as a man .
Born female and raised as Amy , every day was a challenge to behave like a girl -- a struggle compounded by learning disabilities and placement in a group home where women residents were instructed to wear bras , skirts and other trappings of femininity .
" I 've always known something was different , " Anastos said during a recent interview at the newly opened Tompkinsville LGBT ( Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender ) Center -- one of a number of organizations he credits as touchstones in his exploration into gender that began , in earnest , at the age of 30 .
" It was like a lightbulb went off in my head when I realized what was going on inside me .
I was like , ' Oh yeah , this is it , transgender . ' "
Then smiling behind his thick glasses in a way that showed his pride , he added : " This is who we are .
If the world can't accept us , we 're here , even if they do n't like us . "
As the gay community has in recent years become increasingly assimilated into the mainstream -- something evidenced by the tens of thousands expected today at Manhattan 's Gay Pride Parade -- Anastos and others who are identified as the " T " in the LGBT are at a frontier of civil rights .
For Anastos , since taking steps to live as a man -- measures which include giving himself twice weekly testosterone shots in the leg and submitting an application for an official name change -- he says he has met wall after wall looking for placements in programs to help him with his disabilities .
New York City passed a law in 2002 barring discrimination based on gender expression .
But it is still the exception .
In other parts of the state and in the majority of the country , landlords , employers and social service agencies can deny opportunities and equal treatment to transgender individuals with impunity .
" For all the discrimination that gay and lesbian people face , transgender people face a lot more discrimination and violence , " said Diane Arneth , executive director of Community Health Action , which runs a transgender support group once a week at its LGBT Center .
" This is one of the last bastions where people feel comfortable being openly discriminatory toward people . "
Last month , a group of Staten Islanders was among thousands who went to Albany to push lawmakers to pass legislation that would make gender discrimination illegal statewide .
The law has yet to pass , and Ms. Arneth said she recognizes the transgender community faces a steep climb toward acceptance and accommodation in a world of boxes checked " M " for male and " F " for female .
" The word transgender is an umbrella term that would describe the entire group of people that do n't fit neatly into gender categories the way most people understand them -- that binary male - female system where you have male anatomy you are a female and female anatomy , you are a male , " said Gal Meyer , director of the Callen - Lorde health center in Manhattan , who explains the phenomenon to medical students by asking if they went to sleep and had surgery to change their anatomy , would they feel any different on the inside when they woke up .
" Gender identity is a really subjective experience , " Meyer said .
" Science does n't understand why most of us are born with gender identities that correspond to our physical bodies and we also do n't understand why people do n't always have gender identities that conform . "
A subset of those who identify as transgender are , like Anastos , transsexual -- wishing to eschew the gender assigned at birth , often taking medical steps to do so .
" When he brought this up to me , so many things made sense to me from early childhood , said Anastos ' mother , Eileen Klein , recalling her resolutely tomboyish daughter , who attended PS 37 and Hungerford School and lived in a group home with On Your Mark after graduation -- a child she learned recently to refer to as " he " instead of " she . "
" He used to fight like crazy in the group home when they tried to put a bra on him , and we always thought it was because of the neurologic deficits . "
Anastos left the group home around the time he traded Amy for James and lighted out briefly on his own .
He landed briefly in a homeless shelter then returned to live with his mother in their small apartment in Rossville .
Now , unable to work because of difficulties with reading , telling time and other basic tasks , Anastos said he wants to get into a day program .
But he said he has been placed on a waiting list and that he overheard talk it was because his presence as James would make others uncomfortable .
" I have friends there from before who know me as Amy , " he said .
" I would n't want to upset them .
I would want them to get to know me again and I hope they would accept me . "
Agency officials declined under privacy laws to discuss the particulars of Anastos ' case , saying only there needs to be first a determination whether he is eligible for services , and that his gender expression would absolutely be accommodated .
But they admitted the question of how best to serve disabled , transgender clients has rarely come up in the past .
" We do not have a deep history of dealing with people who are transgender , " said Dr. David Booth , director of the Staten Island Developmental Disabilities Service Office .
" Developmentally disabled people are everything you and I can be , including transgender .
This is new territory for us and we 're going to have to figure it out . "
Deborah Young is a news reporter for the Advance .
She may be reached at young@siadvance.com .
So , I will willingly admit that Lady Gaga is a guilty pleasure of mine , one that some of my musical elitist friends find laughable .
However , I find her music to be throughly hypnotic and reminiscent of other pop greats of the passed 30 years .
What is it that makes a powerful / memorable pop song ?
I believe that there are several things that make a “ good ” song or a pop star .
1 . The song has to be catchy .
When I first listened to Lady Gaga , her song permeated my subconscious .
The beat and lyrics of “ Paparazzi ” ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgKrzdaDQMw ) stuck in my head and haunted me until I finally downloaded the song off or iTunes .
The great beat of the song and the repetition in the lyrics are what make it so memorable and hypnotic .
I mean seriously how many of you could say that you found yourself singing along with the “ Queen of the Night Aria ” ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2ODfuMMyss ) after listening to in once .
2. Lady Gaga puts on one hell of a show which adds to her mystique as an artist .
People have done it before .
Think of Elvis and his pelvis , Michael Jackson and his dance moves , or Metallica and their heavy metal attitude .
Each one had their own distinctive style that they brought to the table and built their fame on .
Gaga does the same with her ‘ weirdness ” .
People are drawn to it because she puts on a show .
3. Controversy is what also plays to the masses .
The more people say we should look away from the sun … the more we sneaks peeks at it …right ?
Just as with Elvis , Madonna , Elton John , Etc. , there are those out there that have proclaimed Lady Gaga as some sort of “ Faux Pas ” celebrity of the moment .
Due to this , people cannot look away whether she ’s talking about her bisexuality or “ hanging ” herself at the VMA ’s .
This publicity is what makes her mysterious or eccentric to the masses .
I think that Lady Gaga has done what she set out to do .
I think she has shaken up the pop scene ( which she may or may not have intended ) .
She has raised the bar for those that are coming out now .
They cannot just be the Taylor Swift cookie - cutter pop star if they want to compete .
Like Debbie Harry and Madonna ( the celebrities that I compare her with ) , I think she has found her own nicht and has impacted the pop world .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrO4YZeyl0I
by
Pulse mini introduced at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona by T - Mobile UK
A tiny version of the T - Mobile Pulse with a 2.83 QVGA resistive display is n’t an exciting news for the gadget geeks .
The most important thing to know is , that it will be shipped with Android 2.1 .
Presently , T - Mobile has not offered any contract plans for the Pulse Mini .
There also is not a concrete UK release date .
The Pulse - mini will be manufactured by Huawei
T- Mobile Pulse mini – first look
The Mobile World Congress in Barcelona is not only about HTC or HD mini .
Another Android 2.1 smartphone has been launched .
The new T - Mobile Pulse Mini should be available in March , more detailed shots of the device can be seen in the above video .
While a tiny version of the T - Mobile Pulse with a 2.83 QVGA resistive display is n’t the most exciting news for the gadget geeks , it does boast some impressive features .
Features of the rocking T - Mobile Pulse Mini :
Pulse mini is based on the Android 2.1 and is smaller than the original Pulse .
It features a 15 panel homescreen .
2.8 - inch touch screen , 3.2 - megapixel camera with LED Flash and runs on the latest Android 2.1 software .
a preprocessor
“ T- Mobile Pulse Mini The Pulse Mini supports HSDPA , Wi-Fi , 3G and Bluetooth connectivity .
It has 300 MB of internal memory , which can be boosted by the use of a memory card – although it ’s unclear yet how big the supplied memory card will be . ” reviewed via
Which
Gallery via MobileBurn
Check out this post “ T - MOBILE PULSE MINI CAN HAVE UP TO 15 HOMESCREEN PANELS “
With health reform floundering , Democrats have renewed their attacks on the insurance industry and a new report out today hopes to bolster their case that insurance company practices need to be reigned in .
The report finds that the top five largest for - profit insurance companies increased their profits by $ 12.2 billion last year while dropping coverage for 2.7 million Americans .
As a group , WellPoint , Aetna , UnitedHealth Group , Humana and Cigna saw their profits jump 56 percent in 2009 up $ 4.4 billion over the previous year , according to the report .
Four out of five companies saw profits increase while insuring fewer people .
Cigna increased earnings by 346 percent while UnitedHealth shed 1.7 million beneficiaries .
Aetna , which increased its membership and percentage of premiums spent on medical care , was the only company to see less income in 2009 than 2008 .
" Increasing your profits , dropping people is a specific corporate strategy , " said Richard Kirsch of Health Care for America Now , the progressive coalition that prepared the report .
" What the big health insurance companies do to please Wall Street denies affordable health insurance to millions of Americans , millions more Americans every year . "
The report comes as the Obama administration and House Democratic leadership have seized on Anthem Blue Cross ' decision to raise rates by up to 39 percent in California .
HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius wrote a letter to Anthem this week asking them to justify their rate hike and House Energy and Commerce Chairman Henry Waxman announced that his committee will hold a hearing on increases this month .
Robert Zirkelbach , a spokesman for the industry trade group America 's Health Insurance Plans , said that for every dollar spent on health care , less than a penny goes to health insurers ' profits , which are below other health care industries .
“ According to new government data , in 2009 the portion of premiums that went towards administrative costs declined for the second year in a row , while spending on hospitals , physicians , and prescription drugs continued to soar .
The real focus needs to be on the increase in the underlying cost of medical care , which is putting health care coverage out of reach for many families and small businesses , ” he said .
But Rep. Rosa DeLauro ( D - Conn . ) is n't buying that explanation .
" They 're going to try to hide behind the actuaries to tell us the increases are justified , but you have to remember these are the same insurers that for months have been manufacturing reports claiming that health insurance reform will cause them to raise premiums , " she said .
" The fact is they can't have it both ways . "
comments closed
permalink
* DISCLAIMER | Results may vary | Results are based on individual circumstances | Timeframes for results are not guaranteed | Willpower is always required !
The information on this website is for entertainment purposes only and should not be seen as a substitute for working with a qualified professional .
You must consult with a medical / fitness professional before starting any new exercise / nutrition program .
UP FITNESS LIMITED .
Company number 06279529 - Incorporated on 14 June 2007 - 3rd Floor Acresfields , 8 Exchange Street , Manchester , England , M2 7HA ' .
By a 5 - 4 decision , a bitterly divided Supreme Court ruled in Citizens United v. FEC , rolling back restrictions on how much money corporations can spend to support candidates .
" The text and purpose of the First Amendment point in the same direction : Congress may not prohibit political speech , even if the speaker is a corporation or union , " said Chief Justice John Roberts .
However , the first amendment - " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the government for a redress of grievances . " - says nothing about how much money can or can not be spent to make ones voice heard .
This ruling protects the free speech of those who have money .
According to Senator Mitch McConnell ( R ) : " With today 's monumental decision , the Supreme Court took an important step in the direction of restoring the First Amendment rights of these groups by ruling that the Constitution protects their right to express themselves about political candidates and issues up until Election Day . "
But what about the freedom of speech rights of poor Americans - those citizens who lack money for ad campaigns and campaign contributions ?
They will not be heard .
This ruling will unleash a torrent of attack ads in upcoming elections .
Corporations , unions , and others with money will have increased power to influence government decisions .
Freedom of speech and the right to dissent are cornerstones of our democracy .
However , bribery is not free speech .
Even before this decision , the voices of regular Americans are being drowned out by lobbyists .
In Washington , there are more than 60 lobbyists for every member of Congress .
We accuse other nations of corruption and bribery , but we have simply legalized it and called it lobbying .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The youngest victim of the massacre was a baby , villagers said , born just a couple of hours before the attack on Kuru Karama .
There was not much warning that January morning , only the call to prayer ringing out at the wrong time , 10 a.m. , a sure sign of trouble .
The town had been surrounded by mobs of Christian men , who , residents said , were seeking to slaughter as many Muslims as possible .
Police said 326 people were killed in the attack on the village near Jos in central Nigeria .
Last week it was the other way around : waves of pitiless hacking by Muslim Fulani herdsmen who stormed Christian villages outside Jos , trapping victims in animal nets , leaving 106 dead , police said .
Acting President Goodluck Jonathan launched an investigation of the new violence .
Several previous government inquiries have resulted in recommendations that were ignored , according to international and Nigerian rights organizations .
Outrage in Nigeria over the recent massacres of Christians was in sharp contrast to the muted response after the deadly attacks on Muslims in January .
The recent reaction appeared to be fed by the inflation of the casualty figures by the Jos government , which is made up of Christians .
It said more than 500 people had died .
The ruthless , indiscriminate manner of the attacks in January and this month suggests that reprisals are likely , analysts say .
Nigeria is deeply divided along religious and ethnic lines , and volatile Plateau state , of which Jos is the capital , lies at the crossroads of the largely Muslim north and mainly Christian south .
Tensions between the two sparked a recent political crisis in Nigeria , as southerners in the ruling People ’s Democratic Party sought to impeach the seriously ill president , Umaru Yar ’Adua , who is a Muslim from the north .
Rumors of a coup and attempts to install a Christian president were undercut when Yar ’Adua returned after months of medical treatment abroad and the PDP leadership decided that the north should retain the presidency until 2015 .
There is deep resentment between indigenous Christian Beroms and Muslim Hausas , who settled Jos after the turn of the 20th century .
The involvement of the nomadic Fulani herdsmen , who carried out the recent attacks , is outside the norm .
The Fulani attacks appeared to be revenge after the theft of about 200 head of cattle a week earlier .
About 13,500 people have died in Plateau state violence since the end of military rule in 1999 , according to Human Rights Watch .
A stray word , misinterpreted ; a hissed insult ; an argument ; a refusal to back off in a showdown -- that ’s all it takes in Jos to spark ethnic - religious violence that can leave hundreds dead .
These days , cellphone text messages spread toxic rumors .
Young men run for their machetes or guns with murder in their hearts .
Government inaction at the federal and state levels is partly to blame for the recurrent attacks , critics say .
At the heart of the Plateau state violence is the question of who is an indigene -- a descendant of the area ’s original inhabitants .
The Nigerian Constitution enshrines rights to government jobs and benefits and scholarships to indigenes .
The term excludes most Muslim Hausas in Jos because most of their ancestors migrated from the north and settled in Jos early in the last century after British colonizers started mining tin in the area .
They flourished as traders while the Christian Beroms , peasant farmers , missed out on the boom .
Although only the Beroms qualify for indigene rights , most live in dire poverty and resent the Hausa dominance of trade and business .
Yet the Hausa resent the fact that they are n’t allowed to work in government and their children can’t win scholarships .
“ The government should . . . take concrete steps to end the discriminatory policies that treat certain groups as second - class citizens and that lie at the root of much of the inter- communal violence in Nigeria , ” Corinne Dufka , a Human Rights Watch expert on West Africa , said in a January statement .
“ Nigeria needs to act now to end discriminatory policies and hold accountable those who commit these terrible acts of violence . ”
Other analysts concur .
“ The federal government has an obligation . . . to deal with violence by the full rigor of the law , but it also needs to look deeper into the circumstances that give rise to so much trouble , ” said a 2006 report by the International Crisis Group , calling on Nigeria to “ replace the anachronistic concept of indigeneity with a residence test . ”
Until this year , large - scale violence usually involved battles between rival mobs .
But the attacks on Kuru Karama and other villages in January and Dogo Nahawa , Zot and Ratsat last week were carefully coordinated simultaneous rampages in several villages .
Most victims -- the elderly , women and children -- were hacked or shot , and then their bodies and houses burned .
In Kuru Karama , dozens of bodies were stuffed down wells .
Two days after the January attack , the ruins still smoldered .
The town was deserted but for chickens , bleating goats and a mewing kitten with burned paws , according to a witness .
Masud Saidu , 19 , rushed with other youths to the mosque to try to defend the village when the call to prayer sounded and the Christian mobs attacked with guns .
He left three brothers to protect his father .
All were killed .
“ People who tried to get away were run down in the bush and killed .
Only the agile , those who could outrun the attackers , escaped , ” he said in an interview .
Armed with bows and arrows , the defenders in the mosque had no chance and they fled .
“ I was thinking I was going to die , ” Saidu said .
“ My whole mind was focused on how to escape .
I was running as fast as I could .
And I kept thinking of people I knew who ’d been killed and all the property I ’d left in my house to be burned . ”
Village chief Malam Umar Baza , 46 , said the attackers burned his house .
“ They came from every corner , every entrance to the village , from the bush . ”
He jumped into a shallow dry well and hid while his wife and six children were slaughtered , the youngest , a 2 - year - old .
Earlier that morning , his wife had dropped by the house of a neighbor , a woman in labor , to help her deliver her baby .
The mother and child were both killed .
Shamaki Gad Peter , director of the League for Human Rights in Jos , blames the government for a failure to jail killers in previous attacks and to act on the findings of successive inquiries .
“ We are tired of commissions of inquiry , ” he said .
“ What we want now is implementation . ”
robyn.dixon@latimes.com
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
IDF soldier Gavriel Chepitch , 21 , was killed Monday night in a friendly - fire incident along Israel ’s border with the Gaza Strip .
Chepitch , from the 77th Armored Battalion , was part of a military force near the Kissufim Crossing that apprehended three Palestinians who had succeeded in crossing the border into Israel .
A force from the Golani Brigade was also alerted to the border and spotted a suspicious figure who the soldiers assumed was one of the infiltrators .
The soldiers opened fire , killing Chepitch , a Zichron Ya'akov resident .
He was posthumously given the rank of staff sergeant .
Brig.- Gen. Eyal Eizenberg , commander of the Gaza Division , arrived at the scene and launched an immediate investigation into the incident .
The Palestinian infiltrators were transferred to the Shin Bet ( Israel Security Agency ) for questioning .
Friendly - fire incidents are a frequent occurrence in the Gaza Strip .
DuringOperation Cast Lead last year , four soldiers – out of the ten killedduring the operation – were accidently shot dead by their fellowsoldiers .
At the time , military sources explained that theshooting accidents were a demonstration of the complexity of operatinginside such a densely - populated area .
Earlier Monday , a Kassam rocket landed in an open field in the western Negev .
Another rocket landed in Palestinian territory .
An Update to the Rules Documents for Legend of the Five Rings : The Card Game
There 's an old joke in South Carolina : Confederate President Jefferson Davis may have surrendered at the Burt - Stark mansion in Abbeville , S.C. , in 1865 , but the people of state Rep. Michael Pitts 's district never did .
With revolutionary die - hards behind him , Mr. Pitts has fired a warning shot across the bow of the Washington establishment .
As the writer of one of 28 state " sovereignty bills " – one even calls for outright dissolution of the Union if Washington does n't rein itself in – Pitts is at the forefront of a states ' rights revival , reasserting their say on everything from stem cell research to the Second Amendment .
" Washington can be a bully , but there 's evidence right now that there are people willing to resist our bully , " said Pitts , by phone from the state capitol of Columbia .
Just as California under President Bush asserted itself on issues ranging from gun control to medical marijuana , a motley cohort of states – from South Carolina to New Hampshire , from Washington State to Oklahoma – are presenting a foil for President Obama 's national ambitions .
And they 're laying the groundwork for a political standoff over the 10th Amendment , which cedes all power not granted to Washington to the people .
The movement 's success will largely depend on whether Washington sees these legislative insurgents as serious – or , as Pitts puts it , as just " a bunch of rednecks . "
" There 's a lot of frustration when someone quite distant from you forces you to do something you do n't want to do , " says Steve Smith , director of the Weidenbaum Center on the Economy , Government and Public Policy at Washington University in D.C.
" That 's the root cause , and it ends up being rationalized in constitutional terms . "
Resurgent states
The reversal of the federal stem cell research ban , a stimulus package widely seen as a backdoor grasp for more federal power , and fears about gun control have accelerated a state sovereignty movement that began taking shape under the Bush administration .
In the past , both liberals and conservatives have used states ' rights arguments for political expedience .
That may be the case now as ousted conservatives try to force issues out of Washington and into states , where they have a better chance of winning them .
" Where power resides and who gets to do what – there 's been an ongoing interpretation of that through our history , " says Idaho State Rep. George Sayler of Coeur d'Alene , who voted against a states ' rights bill that passed recently in the Gem State .
" Sometimes the federal government asserts a stronger role , and it looks now like we might be getting into a period where the states " push for more power .
Some examples :
• The Idaho House began considering Wednesday a law against introducing " vicious animals " into the state – a direct rebuttal of the federal wolf reintroduction program .
• Montana and Tennessee have introduced proposals to expand gun rights .
Tennessee State Sen.
Doug Jackson says his bill to ban proposed federal " microstamping " of ammunition could spark a movement .
" The trampling on our rights to possess firearms is symbolic of a power grab by the federal government on a much larger scale , " said Senator Jackson , by phone from Nashville .
• Oklahoma and Georgia are both considering limits on stem cell research in response to Mr. Obama 's reversal of the federal stem cell ban .
It 's the flip side of the Bush era when several Northeastern states allowed such research despite the federal ban .
The status of " state sovereignty " resolutions are largely up in the air , with a few passed , some moving through committee , and some voted down .
New Hampshire 's resolution , the only one with a " nullification " of the Union clause , was voted down largely along partisan lines .
A response to federal expansion
Although the idea of states ' rights took hold in the run-up to the Civil War in order for the South to preserve , among other things , the institution of slavery , today 's debates are really about whether there 's any power left for the states to carve out of the Constitution .
" If you set up the principle where the federal government can do everything , then , yes , eventually they will do everything .
If not , where 's the line they can't cross ? " says Michael Boldin , president of the Tenth Amendment Center in Los Angeles .
" That 's the Constitution , I believe . "
The courts mainly stood by as federal power expanded by great leaps in the 1930s and the 1960s .
There 's been another burst of federal expansion in the 2000s , including Mr. Bush 's USA Patriot Act and Obama 's proposed overhaul of banking regulations .
The fact is , " there 's no longer any effective limitations on federal power , " says Randy Barnett , a Georgetown law professor who argued for California 's medical marijuana law in front of the Supreme Court .
Yet the state sovereignty movement is by no means frivolous and could have significant political firepower .
The medical marijuana case in California , for instance , showed that Washington can be forced to scale back its ambitions in the face of populist sentiment .
And although Pitts hails from Abbeville , the place where the South 's first secession votes were cast , he insists that today 's efforts to check federal power are n't limited to regional pockets or even political affiliation .
" The mainstream media would portray some of us as rednecks , whether we 're from Pennsylvania , Oregon , or South Carolina , " says Pitts .
" But this is a wake - up call .
And if Washington does n't heed that wake - up call , revolution is on the horizon . "
Follow us on Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
GERMANY : Training experts to deal with food issues Tweet Researchers at the University of Hohenheim 's Food Security Center ( FSC ) are developing food security strategies .
Hohenheim is among five winners of the Exceed - Excellence for Development - competition .
Around a fifth of the world 's population are living on less than a dollar a day , and a billion people are suffering hunger .
Extreme poverty and hunger are linked to further deficiencies such as the lack of access to drinking water , healthcare and education .
The aim of the Hohenheim Food Security Center and its international partners is to develop food security strategies in interdisciplinary projects .
This affects Millennium Development Goal 1 , eradicating extreme poverty and hunger , as well as MDGs 3 and 7 , women 's equality and sustainable food production .
Hohenheim 's partners are universities and university networks in Tanzania , Uganda , Thailand , the Philippines and Costa Rica .
" Until around 20 years ago , food production worldwide was increasing considerably , at around 2 % to 3 % a year , " explains Manfred Zeller , professor of rural development and FSC coordinator .
As a result of this , however , the industrialised countries were investing less and less in long - term agricultural research projects and in promoting agriculture in developing countries .
In contrast , other development areas accelerated significantly , such as primary education or the health sector .
And this was where the money was going , as well as in combating crises .
The number of international crises has increased over the last 20 years and Zeller says that addressing disasters such as the 2004 tsunami sometimes appears to be more attractive to politicians than investing in agricultural projects with a long - term impact , success being more immediate and promising a better media response .
But the 2008 food crisis showed where the shortcomings were .
Zeller believes that while countries such as China or Vietnam will succeed in achieving Millennium Goal 1 , halving hunger between 1990 and 2015 , India and many African countries , where numbers of starving people are on the increase , are going to fail .
After decades of growth , problems have long made themselves felt in production , not only in distribution .
There are a large number of reasons for this .
Take water , for example .
Whereas the world 's total amount of water remains constant , demand has risen owing to population growth , urbanisation and growth in income in developed regions .
People living in Germany use an average of 200 to 300 litres a day , compared with a mere 10 to 15 litres in Ethiopia .
Owing to increasing demand in many parts of the world , either water prices rise or certain groups of the population , often the poor , are given less access to ever scarcer water not only for human consumption but also to irrigate agricultural land .
What can a peasant in a drought - stricken area of West Africa do whose livestock is perishing and who does not know how to obtain the water to meet his family 's day - to - day needs ?
" These people can be given help towards self - help , " Zeller explains .
" For instance , there are methods to gather and retain water , either for crops or for the kitchen garden .
Irrigation systems can be optimised to save water and use it more efficiently , or drought - resistant plants can be grown . "
Zeller says that in Hohenheim , work is in progress on what is known as deficit irrigation in which plants are only provided with water in certain growth periods .
Experiments are being carried out with mangoes .
Cultivated plants can also be irrigated in parts , for example by giving water only to part of the root or half the plant .
The dry stress thus caused has the astonishing effect that while yield declines , quality will improve , which allows fruit to then be sold at a better price - and water is saved into the bargain .
International networking is important to the FSC .
After studying agricultural science in Bonn and doing a PhD in agricultural business management , Zeller himself worked in the US for seven years and in Madagascar and Malawi for almost four years .
The FSC is involved in North - South partnerships that are being extended and South - South cooperation schemes to boost research and teaching in developing countries .
There are seven master 's courses in English relating to agriculture , food and sustainability .
A Young Excellence School will be officially launched shortly .
The school is a doctoral course in English that students can apply for from all over the world .
The FSC offers excellent doctoral students from developing countries grants that are funded by the DAAD via the Exceed programme .
In most African countries , but also in Asia and Latin America , there is an extreme scarcity of experts in the field of agricultural science and dietetics .
Again and again , this scarcity results in wrong decisions or an insufficient and time - consuming implementation of development projects .
In addition to their own specialised research , the doctoral students of the Young Excellence School obtain interdisciplinary training in the context of modules which , alongside soft skills , address the chief thematic fields of food security : sustainable food production , access to and use of food in poorer households , distribution issues and aspects of how the human body makes use of food .
On returning to their home countries , they can work as executive staff in ministries and civil society organisations as well as in research and teaching .
The school is one of the measures with which Hohenheim wishes to strengthen its partner institutions in developing countries .
Summer schools and courses represent a further initiative , such as the further education programme at a partner institution in Thailand that is planned for 2010 .
This programme addresses MSc and PhD students from all over Southeast Asia who are to learn operational measurement methods for poverty .
Estimating poverty levels is very important for social welfare programmes that specially address poor people , such as waiving of school fees and handing out of food .
Adipala Ekwamu , a professor at Makerere University in Kampala , Uganda , and one of the FSC cooperation partners , is coordinator of the RUFORUM , a regional network in southern , eastern and central Africa , that consists of more than 20 universities and seeks to build capacities in agricultural research , teaching and policy and project consulting .
On the situation in Africa , he says : " Food security is the biggest problem here .
The majority of people only have limited access to food , so that the governments have prioritised food security .
" We need help .
We trust in experience gathered in Hohenheim regarding food security , although we also want to work together with other partners .
For example , the Asian countries have made more progress than the African ones .
Or take Costa Rica , which has had enormous success in the field of food security .
Such partners can help us to address the problem . "
Costa Rica really is doing well , especially in comparison with its neighbours :
The average life expectancy for men is 74.1 years , and 79.3 years for women , among the highest levels in Latin America .
At 96 % , the literacy rate is also one of the highest in the continent .
In recent years , the country 's chief source of income has been tourism .
With its diversity of plant and animal species , and thanks to its going easy on its natural resources , the country is attractive to visitors from abroad .
The government invests a lot of money in health and education - money that other countries spend on their military forces .
For as Victor Jimenez , professor of plant biotechnology at the University of Costa Rica and another FSC cooperation partner , explains , the country has had no military forces since 1948 .
" Some years ago , we celebrated our hundredth anniversary as a democracy , " he says , " and over all these years , we have lived in peace with our neighbours . "
Students and teaching staff are exchanged both with Germany and with Chile ; PhD and master 's programmes as well as research projects are developed jointly .
This is very important because well - trained academics from Costa Rica ( and other countries ) go to the neighbouring countries to help there .
For example , specialists from Costa Rica are examining cacti with the red dragon fruit , the so - called pitaya , to obtain pigments to colour food that are used in Europe for dairy products or baby - food .
Jimenez says this is certainly better than using artificial substances .
By selling the pigments to industry , in Nicaragua , for instance , higher prices can be obtained than by selling the fresh fruit on the local market .
Traditionally , not many students come to the universities of Costa Rica from its neighbouring states since the cost of living is too high in this small country .
This is why the German Academic Exchange Service ( DAAD ) has been running regional programmes for some years to fund studies for young people throughout Central America at specially recognised faculties at universities in Costa Rica .
" This makes sense , " says Jimenez .
" On completing their training , the academics return to their country , where they support the development effort . "
* Think - tanks to implement the United Nations Millennium Development Goals are being created at five German universities and their partner institutions in the south .
The five universities - the Technische Universität Braunschweig , the Universities of Hohenheim , Munich and Kassel and Cologne University of Applied Sciences - are the winners of a competition run by the German Academic Exchange Service as part of the programme Exceed - Excellence for Development - with the financial support of the Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development , BMZ .
Provided with EUR5 million ( US$ 7 million ) per institution over five years , the scientists and scholars are developing international networks focusing on the various goals .
The centres feature an interdisciplinary approach and seek to support networks bringing together researchers from various countries in north - south and south - south collaborative programmes .
* Journalist Stephan Weidt prepared this article on behalf of DAAD for German publisher Lemmens Medien Researchers at the University of Hohenheim 's Food Security Center ( FSC ) are developing food security strategies .
Hohenheim is among five winners of the Exceed - Excellence for Development - competition .
Around a fifth of the world 's population are living on less than a dollar a day , and a billion people are suffering hunger .
Extreme poverty and hunger are linked to further deficiencies such as the lack of access to drinking water , healthcare and education .
The aim of the Hohenheim Food Security Center and its international partners is to develop food security strategies in interdisciplinary projects .
This affects Millennium Development Goal 1 , eradicating extreme poverty and hunger , as well as MDGs 3 and 7 , women 's equality and sustainable food production .
Hohenheim 's partners are universities and university networks in Tanzania , Uganda , Thailand , the Philippines and Costa Rica .
" Until around 20 years ago , food production worldwide was increasing considerably , at around 2 % to 3 % a year , " explains Manfred Zeller , professor of rural development and FSC coordinator .
As a result of this , however , the industrialised countries were investing less and less in long - term agricultural research projects and in promoting agriculture in developing countries .
In contrast , other development areas accelerated significantly , such as primary education or the health sector .
And this was where the money was going , as well as in combating crises .
The number of international crises has increased over the last 20 years and Zeller says that addressing disasters such as the 2004 tsunami sometimes appears to be more attractive to politicians than investing in agricultural projects with a long - term impact , success being more immediate and promising a better media response .
But the 2008 food crisis showed where the shortcomings were .
Zeller believes that while countries such as China or Vietnam will succeed in achieving Millennium Goal 1 , halving hunger between 1990 and 2015 , India and many African countries , where numbers of starving people are on the increase , are going to fail .
After decades of growth , problems have long made themselves felt in production , not only in distribution .
There are a large number of reasons for this .
Take water , for example .
Whereas the world 's total amount of water remains constant , demand has risen owing to population growth , urbanisation and growth in income in developed regions .
People living in Germany use an average of 200 to 300 litres a day , compared with a mere 10 to 15 litres in Ethiopia .
Owing to increasing demand in many parts of the world , either water prices rise or certain groups of the population , often the poor , are given less access to ever scarcer water not only for human consumption but also to irrigate agricultural land .
What can a peasant in a drought - stricken area of West Africa do whose livestock is perishing and who does not know how to obtain the water to meet his family 's day - to - day needs ?
" These people can be given help towards self - help , " Zeller explains .
" For instance , there are methods to gather and retain water , either for crops or for the kitchen garden .
Irrigation systems can be optimised to save water and use it more efficiently , or drought - resistant plants can be grown .
" Zeller says that in Hohenheim , work is in progress on what is known as deficit irrigation in which plants are only provided with water in certain growth periods .
Experiments are being carried out with mangoes .
Cultivated plants can also be irrigated in parts , for example by giving water only to part of the root or half the plant .
The dry stress thus caused has the astonishing effect that while yield declines , quality will improve , which allows fruit to then be sold at a better price - and water is saved into the bargain .
International networking is important to the FSC .
After studying agricultural science in Bonn and doing a PhD in agricultural business management , Zeller himself worked in the US for seven years and in Madagascar and Malawi for almost four years .
The FSC is involved in North - South partnerships that are being extended and South - South cooperation schemes to boost research and teaching in developing countries .
There are seven master 's courses in English relating to agriculture , food and sustainability .
A Young Excellence School will be officially launched shortly .
The school is a doctoral course in English that students can apply for from all over the world .
The FSC offers excellent doctoral students from developing countries grants that are funded by the DAAD via the Exceed programme .
In most African countries , but also in Asia and Latin America , there is an extreme scarcity of experts in the field of agricultural science and dietetics .
Again and again , this scarcity results in wrong decisions or an insufficient and time - consuming implementation of development projects .
In addition to their own specialised research , the doctoral students of the Young Excellence School obtain interdisciplinary training in the context of modules which , alongside soft skills , address the chief thematic fields of food security : sustainable food production , access to and use of food in poorer households , distribution issues and aspects of how the human body makes use of food .
On returning to their home countries , they can work as executive staff in ministries and civil society organisations as well as in research and teaching .
The school is one of the measures with which Hohenheim wishes to strengthen its partner institutions in developing countries .
Summer schools and courses represent a further initiative , such as the further education programme at a partner institution in Thailand that is planned for 2010 .
This programme addresses MSc and PhD students from all over Southeast Asia who are to learn operational measurement methods for poverty .
Estimating poverty levels is very important for social welfare programmes that specially address poor people , such as waiving of school fees and handing out of food .
Adipala Ekwamu , a professor at Makerere University in Kampala , Uganda , and one of the FSC cooperation partners , is coordinator of the RUFORUM , a regional network in southern , eastern and central Africa , that consists of more than 20 universities and seeks to build capacities in agricultural research , teaching and policy and project consulting .
On the situation in Africa , he says : " Food security is the biggest problem here .
The majority of people only have limited access to food , so that the governments have prioritised food security .
" We need help .
We trust in experience gathered in Hohenheim regarding food security , although we also want to work together with other partners .
For example , the Asian countries have made more progress than the African ones .
Or take Costa Rica , which has had enormous success in the field of food security .
Such partners can help us to address the problem .
" Costa Rica really is doing well , especially in comparison with its neighbours :
The average life expectancy for men is 74.1 years , and 79.3 years for women , among the highest levels in Latin America .
At 96 % , the literacy rate is also one of the highest in the continent .
In recent years , the country 's chief source of income has been tourism .
With its diversity of plant and animal species , and thanks to its going easy on its natural resources , the country is attractive to visitors from abroad .
The government invests a lot of money in health and education - money that other countries spend on their military forces .
For as Victor Jimenez , professor of plant biotechnology at the University of Costa Rica and another FSC cooperation partner , explains , the country has had no military forces since 1948 .
" Some years ago , we celebrated our hundredth anniversary as a democracy , " he says , " and over all these years , we have lived in peace with our neighbours .
" Students and teaching staff are exchanged both with Germany and with Chile ; PhD and master 's programmes as well as research projects are developed jointly .
This is very important because well - trained academics from Costa Rica ( and other countries ) go to the neighbouring countries to help there .
For example , specialists from Costa Rica are examining cacti with the red dragon fruit , the so - called pitaya , to obtain pigments to colour food that are used in Europe for dairy products or baby - food .
Jimenez says this is certainly better than using artificial substances .
By selling the pigments to industry , in Nicaragua , for instance , higher prices can be obtained than by selling the fresh fruit on the local market .
Traditionally , not many students come to the universities of Costa Rica from its neighbouring states since the cost of living is too high in this small country .
This is why the German Academic Exchange Service ( DAAD ) has been running regional programmes for some years to fund studies for young people throughout Central America at specially recognised faculties at universities in Costa Rica .
" This makes sense , " says Jimenez .
" On completing their training , the academics return to their country , where they support the development effort . "
Follow University World News on Facebook
Receive UWN 's free weekly e-newsletters
Touiteur : Dumb Francophile name that you 're bound to misspell looking for it in the market , but a really nice Twitter app for Android .
Not quite as full - featured as Twidroid , but the interface might be the best yet on Android .
Slickest move ?
The pulldown menu to tweet , which works just like Android 's window shade for notifications .
Free and pro versions .
Advertisement
Opera Mini 5 Beta : Remember all that Opera Mini hotness I showed you on the iPhone ?
Well , it 's already on Android — if you tried version 4 and did n't think it was so hot , Mini 5's a totally different bag , and worth giving another spin .
It 's fast , smooth , and on the Droid or Nexus One , totally flies .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
TMZ : Oh dear god .
It really is the full TMZ experience , formatted for your Android phone .
The videos , the slideshows , the interstitial ads , they 're all here .
And of course , the delicious , delicious TMZ taste we all know and love .
It 's a little laggy though , even on the Droid .
Advertisement
Google Earth :
Well , it 's only available for that small , select group of people with Android 2.1 on their phones , but at least Google 's finally brought Google Earth to its own smartphone platform .
It 's the Google Earth you know — zoomin ' round the world is still awesome — but in some ways , Google Earth 's even better on mobile , with voice search and multitouch .
Also for lucky bastards , but in this case , FiOS customers with Droids , Verizon 's Mobile Remote lets you control your set - top box over Wi-Fi .
It 's a complete remote replacement , and it throws photos you 've got on your phone up on your TV , so you can toss your actual remote .
( Though I would n't , ' cause I bet Verizon will charge you . )
Advertisement
Google Gesture Search : Voice Search might be the future , but Google 's Gesture Search is pret - tay damn spiffy .
A universal search app that crawls your contacts , apps , bookmarks and music , you just draw the letters of the word you 're looking for , and it starts pulling up results .
Thoroughly accurate while I was messing around with it .
I wish it had a homescreen widget , so I could start drawing without firing up the app .
Advertisement
. Pong Time : I 'll let the video do the talking , since there 's not much to add : It 's a Pong Clock .
Free .
Thick Buttons : A lot of people have tried to make Android 's touch keyboard better , but Thick Buttons might 've come the closest yet .
Here 's how Jason broke it down :
How it works is that ThickButtons visibly enlarges the keys that the phone predicts you 'll type next , so if you 're typing the word " Annoying " and you get to the " o " , it 'll enlarge the letter " Y " ( among other letters it thinks you can possibly hit next ) .
The iPhone actually does this invisibly , but ThickButtons does this …visibly .
Advertisement
The problem is that sometimes it predicts the wrong letters , and then you have to snipe out the one you actually want .
Still , if you really hate the Android keyboard , this might help you get over it .
Replica Island : A must - buy retro Android platformer .
Even Jesus says so :
Platform game .
Retro look .
40 levels .
The Android mascot as the main character .
Free .
If you 're an Android fanboy or fangirl , you have to play Replica Island .
Do n't expect to buttsmash any iPhones , though .
Advertisement
Did we mention it 's free and works on any Android 1.5 phone and above ?
Advertisement
ZumoDrive : ZumoDrive gives you free gig of space in the cloud from which you can stream video , music , photos , Office docs , PDFs and share files using the ZumoDrive app .
Hard to argue with that .
Google Shopper : Okay , I kinda crapped on Google Shopper for being another visual search app from Google , like Goggles — dedicated to buying things instead of searching the world — but Lifehacker 's pretty taken with it .
They 're
Advertisement
Top 10 Android Apps Android 's been around for more than a year , and in that time developers have whipped up some great …
Read more
" amazed at both how accurately it picked up both barcodes and simple cover shots , and at how very fast it worked .
Turns out , according to one developer who appeared on This Week in Google , Shopper is actually uploading image data to Google 's servers as it captures it , and decodes barcodes right on the phone . "
Advertisement
So even if you 've clung to ShopSavvy , maybe it 's time to give Google Shopper a whirl .
Advertisement
AIM for Android :
That 's right , there 's an official AIM app for Android .
It 's surprisingly un-ugly and straightforward to use , in case you 're not interested in a multi- protocol IM client like our current fave , Meebo .
The change your status button in Android 's notification window is a nice touch , actually .
Advertisement
Dial Zero :
A potential lifesaver , Dial Zero puts the customer service numbers of 600 companies right at your fingertips , directing you straight to a person , not a robot .
Free .
Advertisement
Doodle Jump : A most urgent addition to the list , Doodle Jump is addictive mobile gaming perfected , which is why it 's perpetually one of the top 10 paid apps for iPhone .
Exceptionally simple , and controlled almost entirely by your phone 's accelerometer , you tilt the phone side to side , directing Doodle from one platform to the next as he continually makes his way upward .
When you miss , you die .
Then repeat .
Though 99 cents on the iPhone , on Android , it 'll run you $ 4 , but you know what ?
It 's almost worth it .
Girls Having Orgasms .
- ... Hot Orgasm Pics of
- ... girls being pleasured or
- ... girls pleasuring themselves .
Hi all ,
These sets of pics were inspired by one of our readers who just sent in her dare photo and story .
They were from the archives and many also were sent in by Scott in Minnesota who had a collection of pics of women having orgasms .
Thanks to both for sharing and letting everyone else enjoy what they themselevs have .
- Webmaster
Orgasm at home .
Orgasm out in public .
Very sexy .
Even her boobs are turning red .
Ca n't see but someone must be doing something down there .
Orgasm from behind .
Nice boots .
Ca n't see her face but you just know ....
You know a woman is Orgasming when she grips the bed like that .
Nothing under the overalls ... sexy !
She looks like a wild animal about to attack .
It must be good .
Her Orgasm leaves her barely concious .
Nice home Orgasm again .
It 's sexy when a woman grabs her boobs at the same time !
Double your pleasure .
Once again , double your pleasure !
Look at that color !!!!
Nice flexibility .
Home Orgasm again .
Japanese cencorship .
Just the face like that is hot !!
With that face it looks like a powerful one is coming on .
Looks like the Orgasm is ending .
Total surrender to the Orgasm ...
Nice tanlines .
Love the various areas on her body that are red .
Classic orgasm pose .
Now that is a hot picture !
Oh yeah ... we know that facial expression and love it !!
Again winding down from an Orgasm .
Loving it .
Done !
ith no extra work .
This is a result of a lot of code and computing power that reprojects the imagery to make it easy to
overlay data on the map given lat / lon locations like in any other Google Map type .
T
The Obama administration loves the word “ summit . ”
We ’ve had beer summits , jobs summits , business summits , summits with auto - industry big wigs , and summits with Big Labor .
In fact we ’ve seen so many summits that it may well be time to change the definition of the word .
It ’s longer an important , possibly once - in - a - lifetime meeting between two heads of state .
No , sir .
These days , a summit is a gathering of people , from a specific corner of American life , that have angered or frustrated our wise commander in chief .
Case in point was last week ’s health care summit .
Repeatedly referred to as a “ discussion ” or “ dialogue , ” the meeting was allegedly designed to fix a problem upon which you , the American public , demand the government take action .
In reality , it was nothing more than a grotesque , overblown spectacle of attempted damage control — a desperate move made by a president willing to try anything to right his floundering ship .
Remember , had he been able to pass health care as planned , he ’d never have embarked on this “ bipartisan ” fiasco .
Going in , all the platitudes were in place .
The summit was an opportunity to work together — to hear all sides and choose the best ideas from both parties .
Then , the president threw a childish hissy fit at Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , exposing the phony nature of the event with three caustic words : “ The election ’s over . ”
The president was n’t there to listen , he was there to dictate .
Unfortunately for Obama , what ended up on television was hours of video featuring a petulant , self - important , lecturer scolding those he views as inferior .
Perhaps he blames them for the year - long failure of his agenda , or simply deems them responsible for the Obamacare debacle , but his disdain for the assembled congressmen was palpable .
The president ’s nose - in - the - air demeanor was captured by an unforgiving camera and broadcast to millions of viewers .
Someone needs to tell the commander in chief that body language is n’t just a goofy segment on “ The O’Reilly Factor , ” because the attitude is unflattering , painfully obvious , and one of the reasons his poll numbers take a nosedive every time he opens his mouth .
The other reason is that , despite being assured that they overwhelmingly support the president ’s initiatives , the politically aware are just not on board with the big - government cause .
They spent an entire year making that fact clear to all but the most willfully ignorant .
In fact , 24 hours after the summit , as if to drive the point home , a CNN / Opinion Research poll revealed that 56 percent of Americans believe “ the federal government ’s become so large and powerful that it poses an immediate threat to the rights and freedoms of ordinary citizens . ”
After more than a year of “ hope and change , ” almost 60 percent of Americans feel their own government is the enemy .
Lest you think only the right believes this , the number includes a whopping 63 percent of independents — the very people who ’ve been given the dubious honor of having placed Obama in power .
So , when Democrats say they want health care reforms that grant the government control over another one - sixth of the economy , it ’s getting harder and harder for them to lie about the source of the resistance .
Unable to pass their legislation normally , and increasingly unable to pretend it ’s popular , the left has now decided that reconciliation is the only remaining course if they ’re going to successfully dismantle the free market .
In other words , if the American people refuse to choose big government , it will be chosen for them , and rammed down their throats .
Obama once called resistance to his health care agenda a “ buzzsaw . ”
Right now it ’s spinning at about 56 percent of capacity .
Just wait until he tries to force this mess on the people from whom he derives his rapidly diminishing power .
For now , there ’s little that ordinary Americans can do but scream at their congressmen and watch the spectacle unfold .
That feeling of helplessness — of not being listened to — will present itself as a powerful conservative weapon in the fall .
Until then , the best course of action is to avoid any “ summit ” invitations .
When this president extends a hand , there ’s usually a dagger in it .
Robert Laurie writes a daily political commentary blog , The Robalution .
Robert holds a degree in English from Wayne State University , and has worked in advertising as a graphic designer and copy writer .
Many of you will remember our original list of haunted places in which we visited some of the most famous haunted sites in the world .
This list contains fewer famous , but equally spooky places .
Not restricted to houses , we also look at graveyards and towns .
10 Babenhausen Barracks
At the German Babenhausen Barracks ( now a museum ) the ghosts of German soldiers , some in World War II era uniforms , have been reported .
Lights are said to turn off and on by themselves and voices are heard in the basement .
Footsteps and commands are allegedly heard at night , supposedly without physical cause .
Legend has it that if a soldier happens to visit the museum and pick up a telephone , a woman will at times be heard “ talking backwards ” , unintelligible , in neither German nor English .
The town was the site of a witch burned at the stake in the 19th century , and her ghost is said to have seduced , and then killed , several German soldiers since then .
Pictured above are two American Soldiers at the Barracks in 1974 .
[ Wikipedia ]
9 The Screaming Bridge
Maud Hughes Road is located in Liberty Township , Ohio .
It has been the site of many terrible accidents and suicides .
Railroad tracks lay 25 feet below the bridge , and at least 36 people have been reported dead on or around the Maud Hughes Road Bridge .
Ghostly figures , mists , and lights have been seen , as well as black hooded figures and a phantom train .
The legend says that a car carrying a man and a woman stalled on top of the bridge .
The man got out to get help while the girl stayed .
When the man returned , the girl was hanging on the bridge above the tracks .
The man then perished with unexplained causes .
To this day , many people have reported hearing the ghosts ’ conversations , then a woman ’s scream followed by a man ’s scream .
Another story says that a woman once threw her baby off the bridge and then hanged herself afterwards .
[ Wikipedia ]
8 112 Ocean Avenue
This house will be no stranger to people who love horror movies .
It is the house on which the film The Amityville Horror is based .
The house is a six - bedroom Dutch Colonial style house built in 1924 .
The best known feature of the house was , at one time , its pair of quarter circle shaped windows on the third floor attic level , which gave it an eerie , eye - like appearance .
These windows have since been removed and the house renumbered to keep tourists away .
On November 13 , 1974 , 23 - year old Ronald DeFeo , Jr. fatally shot six members of his family at the house .
During his murder trial in 1975 , he claimed that voices in his head had urged him to carry out the killings .
He was found guilty and is still in jail in New York .
In December 1975 , George Lutz and his wife , Kathy , purchased the house and moved in with their three children .
After 28 days they left the house , claiming to have been tormented by paranormal phenomena while living there .
The family experienced foul smells , faces at the windows , screams , moving objects , and all manner of bizarre phenomena .
The image above is the house as it appears today .
[ Wikipedia ]
7 Pickens County Courthouse
The Pickens County Courthouse in Carrollton , Alabama is a courthouse in west Alabama famous for a ghostly image that can be seen in one of its windows .
The image is said to be the face of Henry Wells , who , as legend has it , was falsely accused of burning down the town ’s previous courthouse , and lynched on a stormy night in 1878 .
The image on the window is easily seen , although it is more face - like from some angles than from others .
It is said that the image is only visible from outside the courthouse ; from inside the pane appears to be a normal pane of glass .
Since the photo above was taken , the city of Carrollton has installed , on the exterior of the courthouse , a reflective highway sign with an arrow pointing to the pane where the image appears .
There are permanent binoculars installed across the street from the window for people who wish to get a closer look .
[ Wikipedia ]
6 Balete Drive
Balete Drive is a street located in New Manila , Quezon City , Philippines .
It is known for apparitions of a white lady and haunted houses which were built during the Spanish Era ( 1800s ) .
New Manila has an abundance of balete trees , which , according to legend , is a favorite spot of wandering spirits and other paranormal beings .
Paranormal experts believe that the white lady was raped by Japanese soldiers during the Second World War .
Witnesses of the white lady , advise motorists to avoid the street at night , especially if they are alone .
If it is necessary to travel the route , they advise that the backseat of the car is fully occupied and that no one should look back or look in any mirrors .
The apparition wears a night gown , has long hair but has no face or one covered with blood .
[ Wikipedia ]
5 Rosenheim , Bavaria
More well known as the Rosenheim Poltergeist , this infestation of bizarre activity is one of the most well known in Germany .
In 1967 , strange phenomena began occurring in the office of lawyer Sigmund Adam .
Telephones would ring with no one at the other end , photocopiers spilt their ink , and desk drawers would open without being touched .
A German paper installed equipment to monitor the phones and in 3 month they recorded over 600 calls to the speaking clock – despite the fact that all of the telephones were unplugged .
In one 15 minute period , 46 calls were recorded – a rate that seemed impossible given the mechanical dialing system in place .
In October 1967 , all light bulbs in the building went out with a huge bang .
After installing cameras and voice recorders , investigators were able to discover that the events only took place when 19 - year - old Annemarie Schneider ( a recently employed secretary ) was present .
It was claimed that a suspended light would swing violently when Ms Schneider walked beneath it , and the lights would flicker whenever she walked in to the office .
When Schneider went on holiday the events stopped .
Upon her return , the poltergeist activity returned .
Schneider was fired and the problems stopped for good .
Pictured above is Schneider beneath the lights that were seen to swing .
4 Bélmez de la Moraleda
One house in one street in Bélmez de la Moraleda , Spain has recently become very famous thanks to eerie faces that have been appearing in the floor .
Street Real 5 has become a popular attraction for ghost tourists as the faces appear frequently and can be easily photographed .
The appearances in Bélmez began on August 23 , 1971 when María Gómez Cámara saw a face appear on her cement kitchen floor .
Her husband took a pickaxe and destroyed the face .
Soon after another one appeared .
An excavation , conducted under the location of the house , revealed human remains , which were removed .
The picture above is one of the faces .
3 Union Cemetery
Union Cemetery in Easton , Connecticut is not just the most haunted cemetery in Connecticut , it is considered by many to be the most haunted cemetery in the United States .
The most famous ghost there is the White Lady .
Numerous photographs have been taken of her and she has even been caught on film .
She has long dark hair and wears a bonnet and nightgown .
She frequently appears in the roadway along route 59 and sometimes route 111 where she is often “ hit ” by oncoming vehicles .
On one occasion in 1993 , a fireman was driving along the road when he hit the lady – he heard a thud and a dent was left in his vehicle .
As the woman appeared in front of his car he also saw a farmer with a straw hat sitting beside him in the car .
The cemetery is locked at night and regularly patrolled by the police .
The image above is one of many that can be found on the Internet .
2 Pluckley
Pluckley is a small village in Kent , England that is believed to be the most haunted village in England .
In addition to the 12 ( some say 13 or 14 ) ghosts in Pluckley , the village is also famous for the television program The Darling Buds of May which was filmed there .
Of the ghosts you can see here , the most spectacular are the ghostly highwayman and coach and horses seen near the town hall , the ghost of a gypsy woman burned to death in her sleep , two hanging bodies , a phantom monk , three upper class ladies and , perhaps spookiest of all , the Screaming Woods .
The Screaming Woods is an area just outside the town haunted by the ghosts of many people who were lost there .
Their screams can be heard coming from inside the forest at night .
1 50 Berkeley Square
This residential area of London best known for the song A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square , is also home to the most haunted house in London !
Number 50 Berkeley Square is home to a large number of ghosts , the earliest of which is that of a young girl murdered in the 1700s by a sadistic servant .
She is frequently seen on the top floor sobbing and wringing her hands in despair .
Another woman trying to escape her uncle fell from a window – her ghost is often seen hanging from a windowsill .
While the house was vacant in the 1870s , the neighbors heard numerous screams and moans coming from the house .
They also heard furniture moving , bells ringing , and windows being slammed shut .
Years later the house was occupied by a Mr. Dupre , who locked his insane brother in a room on the top floor .
He fed the insane man through a special opening in the door .
This is the room that is supposed to be central to the haunting .
The house is currently home to a bookstore – strange occurrences have been noted by all of the staff of the shop .
The top floor is kept locked at all times and no one is allowed to enter it .
This article is licensed under the GFDL because it contains quotations from the Wikipedia articles cited above .
Did you ever know where the black box is located on a plane ?
Did you know what A.P.U stands for ?
Probably not , unless you ’re a geek .
Kulula Airlines of South Africa , which is known for its quirky branding , has come up with a solution – an airplane painted with facts about … the plane itself !
Now here ’s one plane that ’s bound the become the kids ’ favorite .
In fact , I bet that adults would be intrigued too .
I ’d let the pictures do the talking , and you be the judge .
?
The Kansas House has adopted a resolution decrying what it describes as the federal government ’s violations of the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
The vote Monday was 109 - 11 .
The 10th Amendment says powers not specifically given to the federal government are reserved for the states .
The resolution says many federal laws may violate the 10th Amendment .
It would go to the president and congressional leaders .
The resolution says Congress should pass no more laws that threaten states with sanctions or a loss of federal funds if they refuse to take certain actions .
It says existing laws should be repealed .
The Senate adopted the resolution last month but will have to consider changes in its wording made by the House .
This coming November ’s mid-term election is going to have major implications for cannabis law reform .
In South Dakota , election officials last week certified Measure 13 , the South Dakota Safe Access Act , for the November ballot .
If approved by voters , Measure 13 would exempt state criminal penalties for the possession of up to one ounce of marijuana or six plants by authorized patients — making South Dakota the fifteenth state to legalize medicinal cannabis use .
Proponents of the measure , the grassroots South Dakota Coalition for Compassion , collected over twice the number of signatures necessary to place the proposal on the 2010 ballot — a feat that they believe is indicative of medical marijuana ’s growing support in the Great Plains .
In 2006 , voters narrowly rejected a similar proposal – marking the only time that citizens have rejected a statewide medical marijuana legalization proposal .
The stakes are arguably even higher in California , where election officials last night confirmed that the Regulate , Control and Tax Cannabis Act of 2010 will appear on the November ballot .
If approved , the measure will allow adults 21 years or older to possess , share or transport up to one ounce of cannabis for personal consumption , and / or cultivate the plant in an area of not more than twenty - five square feet per private residence .
It will also permit local governments the option to authorize the retail sale of marijuana and / or commercial cultivation of cannabis to adults and to impose taxes on such sales .
Personal marijuana cultivation or not - for - profit sales of marijuana would not be taxed under the measure .
The measure will not alter or amend any aspect of the California Health and Safety code pertaining to the use of marijuana for medical purposes , when such use is authorized by a physician .
You can read more about this proposal here .
According to an April 2009 California Field Poll , 56 percent of state voters back legalizing and regulating the adult use and sale of cannabis .
Other states are in play as well .
Ballot drives in Washington and Oregon are ongoing , and numerous municipal measures are also pending .
Meanwhile , in the nation ’s Capitol , DC council members are discussing allowing authorized patients to grow their own marijuana legally — despite the federal ban .
No matter how you look at it , this November is shaping up to be the most important month for marijuana law reform ever .
Let the battles begin .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
I got the best idea last night .
A product idea .
Imagine this : The Talking Pillow .
Ok .
Here 's what it is .
A pillow , but so much more !
It has a small , thin , not - in - the - way - at - all panel built into the side , and on this panel are some buttons .
Push one , and it plays all your favorite music that you programmed into it ( it 's compatable with your computer . )
Push another button , and have book selections read to you .
I would have the Bible programmed into mine .
Another button provides you with sounds of nature .
There 's volume controls , and a plug - in for a headset , but you do n't need the headset , because it 's your pillow talking to you , and you 're laying down , drifting off to sleep .
And there 's a timer setting as well .
You can tell your Talking Pillow to entertain you for , say , 45 minutes , and then it quietly shuts itself off .
I suppose a radio could be one of the buttons as well , but that 's no different than going to sleep to your clock radio on your nightstand .
Forget the radio .
Let your car and your computer have that .
My Talking Pillow gives me so much more !
Think about it !
Is that a great idea ?
Think of all the nursing home people who would love to get that as a gift !
I 'm guessing it would be expensive due to all the program files it would have to contain .
I 'm talking , it hosts an entire library of book selections .
And it could keep track of what you 've already read , and it knows where to start back up , when you turn it on .
You can buy it as - is , and program it yourself , or , order it pre-programmed just the way you like it online .
Hey !
Is n't that a good business idea ?
I could run Talking Pillow Headquarters , Inc. !!!!
I could create a nocturnal delight for you !
You 'd have to pay me a pretty penny , though .
These pillows do n't come cheap .
This makes me wonder , what add - ons can a blanket have ?
Besides heat .
Surely there 's something else a blanket can be programmed to do .
Maybe not .
I think the pillow is the best bet .
If I had a Talking Pillow , I would take napping to a whole new level .
I could snuggle in and base my entire existence from the comfort of my bed .
I just woke up a little while ago .
I fell asleep and dreamed that I was sleeping .
In the dream I rolled off the bed and onto the floor , and while on the floor , woke up and looked at the wall .
There was a huge screen on the wall , and all these links were posted , it was like a live screen shot and someone was online , and I could see their activities right there on my wall .
It was the size of a wide screen tv .
I woke up and thought , I am spending WAY too much time online right now .
So the heck what .
That 's another thing I give up on .
I give in .
If the computer is all I have to do right now , so be it .
I 've eaten 8 chocolate turtles today , a few bites of fruit , 2 hard boiled eggs , and a small glass of chocolate protein powder .
I 'm sipping a fancy blend of coffee that my older sister gave me for Christmas and the cat is sitting beside me , watching me .
I 'm glad I stayed home today .
Sometimes , you just have to celebrate your own way .
I wanted to be home this Christmas .
Right here .
I do n't know why .
Maybe it's all part of my new - found peace with everything .
I do n't care who is annoyed by my hermitness right now .
It 's my deal to handle .
If being alone gives me clarity and strength , it 's what I 'm going to do .
For most Americans a jobless recovery is an oxymoron .
After all , the vast majority of Americans who pump money into the economy through consuming what they earn , typically find it harder to spend if they do n’t have a job to draw an income from .
It is understandable that there is a lag between a recession and when companies start to hire .
But over the last four decades each subsequent recession seems to add more and more months of so - called jobless recovery .
Part of this has to do with the amount of exports we bring in .
When spending goes down in the U.S. the actual contraction goes beyond our country and hits many of our trading partners .
Yet the middle class in the U.S. has fallen behind both in nominal and inflation adjusted terms for over 40 years .
Part of this has to do with the structure of our banking system and our heavy reliance on debt spending .
Today , as talk of a recovery permeates the media outlets we have 38,000,000 Americans on food assistance and nearly 20 percent of Americans are registering as underemployed .
Let us first look at a Gallup poll registering underemployment :
Source : Gallup
Now the Bureau of Labor and Statistics usually measures the above through their U - 6 rate .
This rate measures those that are working part - time but would like to have a full - time job .
There is something psychological about this that makes it seem a lot better than full unemployment but the repercussions on the working class is deep and profound nearly as deep as full unemployment .
First , if you are working part - time you have less money to spend and this showed up in the survey clearly :
Source : Gallup
This is important in understanding that even with a 6 percent growth rate in GDP last quarter that many people still feel this recession deep in their pocketbooks .
In addition , that latest GDP number is based on companies cutting their top line item , employees and also inventory restocking .
But these are usually one time measures .
What we want to be seeing is GDP growth because of additional consumption and growth through hiring .
That is the real nature of a healthy expanding economy .
Cutting and firing middle class workers is n’t exactly the recipe for a longer - term recovery .
Americans are having to do more with less and are facing new measures of austerity .
Many are adapting and many are simply unable to cope with the radical changes taking place .
Even in the past decade , many Americans came to rely on credit cards and home equity as some kind of embedded ATM for most households .
For over a decade this seemed to be the case .
Even many that relied on this deep down realized that something just was n’t right when home prices kept going up by double - digits while their salaries remained stagnant .
Any lack of wage growth was made up by additional borrowing .
Banks were willing to lend out this money .
But now that the bubble has burst , Americans are filing for bankruptcies in record numbers , losing jobs , and losing their homes through foreclosure .
At the same time , the banking industry has kept their practices going thanks to taxpayer bailouts .
The middle class is bailing out the same industry that was largely at the center of this financial crisis and their practices still largely remain the same .
This struggle to maintain the middle class is going to be the story of the next decade .
But beyond that headline , we now have over 38,000,000 Americans receiving food assistance in this country :
Source : SNAP
The most prosperous nation in this world has over 12 percent of its population receiving food assistance .
It is tough to see fellow Americans in such difficult times .
You can see on the chart above how quickly the rate has risen in this recession .
Clearly in every recession the rate will go up but in this recession the number has struck many more Americans .
In fact , the length of unemployment is a large reason for this as people eat into emergency funds .
Beyond that , we now have the largest percentage and number of Americans working part - time in history :
Source : Itulip
In fact , the large number of underemployed has been a shadow to how deep this crisis really is .
For example , the headline unemployment rate nationwide is 9.7 percent .
That seems bad but nothing historical .
But just look above and add in that underemployment rate .
In reality , we can understand why middle class Americans are struggling so much with daily financial life .
Think of someone that lost their job and is now working at Wal - Mart as a greeter .
Sure they are n’t part of that 9.7 percent but they probably would think so :
“( The Atlantic ) Over lunch I spoke with one attendee , Gus Poulos , a Vietnam - era veteran who had begun his career as a refrigeration mechanic before going to night school and becoming an accountant .
He is trim and powerfully built , and looks much younger than his 59 years .
For seven years , until he was laid off in December 2008 , he was a senior financial analyst for a local hospital .
Poulos said that his frustration had built and built over the past year .
“ You apply for so many jobs and just never hear anything , ” he told me .
“ You ’re one of my few interviews .
I ’m just glad to have an interview with anybody , even a magazine . ”
Poulos said he was an optimist by nature , and had always believed that with preparation and hard work , he could overcome whatever life threw at him .
But sometime in the past year , he ’d lost that sense , and at times he felt aimless and adrift .
“ That ’s never been who I am , ” he said .
“ But now , it ’s who I am . ”
Recently he ’d gotten a part - time job as a cashier at Walmart , for $ 8.50 an hour .
“ They say , ‘ Do you want it ? ’
And in my head , I thought , ‘ No . ’
And I raised my hand and said , ‘ Yes . ’ ”
Poulos and his wife met when they were both working as supermarket cashiers , four decades earlier — it had been one of his first jobs .
“ Now , here I am again . ”
We are in a deep struggle and fight to preserve the middle class of this country .
What has made this country strong has been a compact between the government and the citizenship between work and some semblance of financial protection .
Yet right now with the banking system in power , it is all about that bottom line and they have no idea what is happening in Main Street USA .
They are happy with GDP going up by 6 percent even though this was based on restocking lost supply and firing workers .
But how is this really good for the middle class ?
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Discover why companies like Capgemini , Eneco , EDF , and Bare International , as well as many midsize consulting companies and agencies , use Survey Anyplace to create assessments that return personalized advice to your respondents in the final screen , through email , or in a branded PDF report .
• Emirate ' 99 % sure ' Israeli spies were behind Mabhouh death • Israeli ambassador told to explain use of fake British passports
Interpol should help arrest the head of Mossad if Israel 's spy agency was responsible for the killing of a Hamas commander in Dubai , the emirate 's police chief said today .
In comments to be aired on Dubai TV , Lieutenant General Dahi Khalfan Tamim called for Interpol to issue " a red notice against the head of Mossad ... as a killer in case Mossad is proved to be behind the crime , which is likely now " .
International pressure intensified against Israel 's spy service as official " wanted " notices were released for the suspected team of Israeli secret agents accused of participating in the assassination .
The faces of an 11 - strong alleged hit squad appeared on the Interpol website this morning , 48 hours after authorities in the United Arab Emirates issued arrest warrants for the killing last month of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
Their offences are listed as " crimes against life and health " .
The group stands accused of entering the emirate state using forged or stolen European identities , murdering the militant in his hotel and then fleeing the country on 19 January .
The red wanted notices are not international arrest warrants , but allow details of fugitives to be released worldwide with the request that the wanted person be arrested and extradited .
Tamim said that the Dubai authorities were virtually certain that Mossad was behind the assassination of Mabhouh , as the incident threatened to turn into a diplomatic row between Israel and Britain over the use of false British passports .
" Our investigations reveal that Mossad is involved in the murder of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
It is 99 % , if not 100 % , that Mossad is standing behind the murder , " Tamim told the National newspaper in the United Arab Emirates .
The Israeli ambassador , Ron Prosor , was at the Foreign Office this morning for a brief meeting to " share information " about the assassins ' use of identities stolen from six British citizens living in Israel , as part of the meticulously orchestrated assassination of Mabhouh at a luxury hotel last month .
" After receiving an invitation last night , I met with Sir Peter Ricketts , deputy - general of the British foreign minister , " Prosor said after the meeting .
" Despite my willingness to co-operate with his request , I could not shed new light on the said matters . "
Britain has stopped short of accusing Israel of involvement , but to signal its displeasure the Foreign Office ignored an Israeli plea to keep the summons secret .
" Relations were in the freezer before this .
They are in the deep freeze now , " an official told the Guardian .
David Miliband , the foreign secretary , insisted he was determined to " get to the bottom of " how fake British passports were involved in the killing .
He said he " hoped and expected " that Tel Aviv would co-operate fully with the investigation into the " outrage " .
Gordon Brown launched an investigation yesterday into the use of the fake passports , which will be led by the Serious Organised Crime Agency .
The British embassy in Tel Aviv is also contacting the British nationals affected in the plot " and stands ready to provide them with the support they need " , the Foreign Office said last night .
" The British passport is an important part of being British and we have to make sure everything is done to protect it , " Brown told LBC Radio yesterday .
A UAE official said the number of suspects in the assassination had widened to at least 18 .
The official said the list included 11 people identified this week , two Palestinians in custody and five others .
Two women were among the suspects .
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz named the two Palestinians as Ahmad Hasnin , a Palestinian intelligence operative , and Anwar Shekhaiber , an employee of the Palestinian Authority in Ramallah .
They were arrested in the Jordanian capital , Amman , and extradited to Dubai .
Both worked for a property company in Dubai belonging to a senior official of Fatah , the political faction headed by the Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas , the paper reported .
Israel 's foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman , said there was no proof that Mossad was involved in Mabhouh 's killing in a Dubai hotel last month , but added that Israel had a " policy of ambiguity " on intelligence matters .
There were calls in Israel for an internal government inquiry into whether Mossad was responsible for identity theft from dual nationals , and criticism of its chief , Meir Dagan , for what critics described as a clumsy operation that risked alienating European allies .
" What began as a heart attack turned out to be an assassination , which led to a probe , which turned into the current passport affair , " a columnist , Yoav Limor , wrote in Israel Hayom , a pro-government newspaper .
" It is doubtful whether this is the end of the affair . "
Yesterday more details emerged about the assassination plot :
• The Guardian learned that a key Hamas security official is under arrest in Syria on suspicion of having helped the assassins identify Mabhouh as their target .
• Authorities in Vienna have begun an investigation into whether Austria was used as a logistical hub for the operation .
Seven of the mobile phones used by the killers had Austrian sim cards .
• Three of the killers entered Dubai with forged Irish passports that had numbers lifted from legitimate travel documents .
It is not the first British - Israeli row over the misuse of British passports .
British officials are particularly angry because the Israeli government pledged that there would be no repeat of an incident in 1987 , in which Mossad agents acquired and tampered with British passports .
Some Perl projects show you the faces of their community : you can see the people behind WebGUI or profiles of the current Bugzilla developers .
Foswiki also has a page for currently active developers or you can see the Bricolage team or the Dreamwidth people .
Padre has a page for developers and an additional one for translators .
Do you know about similar pages of other Perl projects ?
Based on the comments :
I am not sure why I have forgotten to add search .
CPAN.org where you can see the faces of many authors .
There is also the who page of the London Perl Mongers .
Today
Today is the day you have been waiting for
when you would finally begin to live
when you would at last open the door .
This is the what , the circumstance , the more
you have been withholding , saving to give .
Today is the day you have been waiting for
when you could sit down to your desk for
hours , take pride , time , find out what work is ,
when you would at last open the door
to your own self - development , what god has for
you .
Today is the day you come out of prison , live .
Today is the day you ’ve been waiting for
the tomorrow you pined away yesterday for .
I think love rhymes in a way with give .
You at last open the door
to the possibility of now , the core
of life is the moment , now , how you live .
Today is the day I have been waiting for
when you would at last open the door .
A poem by Sapphire from BLACK WINGS AND BLIND ANGELS
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
Get the biggest stories sent straight to your inbox Sign up for regular updates and breaking news from WalesOnline Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A SENIOR Welsh MP said last night he knew “ for certain ” Tony Blair and George Bush struck a deal to invade Iraq at their notorious Crawford Ranch meeting in 2002 – a year before war was declared .
Elfyn Llwyd , Plaid Cymru ’s parliamentary leader , said he had seen a confidential memo to that effect , although he would not divulge its exact contents .
Critics of the military action in Iraq have long suspected Mr Blair and President Bush came to an agreement at the president ’s ranch in Crawford , Texas in April 2002 , a claim Mr Blair denied in evidence to the Chilcot Inquiry last week .
Mr Llwyd said he had offered to give evidence to the Chilcot Inquiry himself , in private if necessary .
The Meirionnydd Nant Conwy MP said : “ I think other things should have been pursued [ at the inquiry ] , in particular the detailed conversation at the ranch in Crawford in April 2002 .
“ I do know that the deal was struck , I know for certain it was struck at that stage so just to pretend months down the road that no deal had been struck I think is unforgivable .
“ I have offered to give evidence and Chilcot has said ‘ I ’ll come back to you ’ .
At that stage I will have private discussions with him . ”
When the document was leaked five years ago Mr Llwyd said the security services paid him a visit .
He declined to comment when asked if he still had the document .
“ What I do know for sure is that the deal was struck , incontrovertibly , ” said Mr Llwyd .
“ I ’m sorry I am being cagey about it , I simply do n’t want the plod knocking on my door again .
It created a huge interest among the intelligence community and a section of the Met came to us . ”
The Chilcot Inquiry continued its deliberations into the causes of the conflict yesterday with evidence from Clare Short , International Development Secretary at the time of the US - led invasion in March 2003 .
Ms Short , who resigned later that year and has since left the Labour Party , told the panel the Attorney General “ misled ” the Government over the case for war .
She said she was not aware of Lord Goldsmith ’s “ doubts and his changes of opinion ” over the issue .
Lord Goldsmith gave legal advice before Britain committed to going to battle against Saddam Hussein in March 2003 .
Ms Short said : “ I think he misled the Cabinet .
He certainly misled me , but people let it through . ”
In light of Lord Goldsmith ’s “ doubts and his changes of opinion ” that have since emerged , Ms Short added : “ I think for the Attorney General to come and say there ’s unequivocal legal authority to go war was misleading . ”
Ms Short claimed Lord Goldsmith was “ leaned on ” by former Prime Minister Tony Blair to agree that the war was legal .
Lord Goldsmith provisionally advised Mr Blair in January 2003 that it would be unlawful to invade Iraq without a further United Nations Security Council resolution .
But he changed his mind a month later after being persuaded to talk to senior US government lawyers and Britain ’s ambassador to the UN , Sir Jeremy Greenstock .
“ Lord Goldsmith said he was excluded from lots of meetings – that ’s a form of pressure , ” said Ms Short .
“ It was suggested to him that he go to the US to get advice about the legal position .
“ You have got the Bush administration who have very low respect for international law .
It seems the most extraordinary place in the world to go to get advice about international law . ”
The inquiry will hear from Cynon Valley MP Ann Clwyd , the Prime Minister ’s special envoy to Iraq , today .
The panel is still debating whether to recall Mr Blair to give further evidence , and a date is yet to be set for Prime Minister Gordon Brown to appear .
Yesterday Ms Short described the Cabinet meeting on March 17 , at which Lord Goldsmith presented his final and unequivocal advice that the war would be legal without a further resolution .
She recalled that the Attorney General was sitting in the seat of Robin Cook , who had that day resigned as Leader of the House of Commons over the war .
The former International Development Secretary said it was not true – as claimed by Mr Blair and Lord Goldsmith in their testimony to the inquiry – that the Cabinet was given the chance to ask questions .
She said she started to ask the Attorney General why the advice was so late but was “ jeered at ” to be quiet by other ministers .
Ms Short told the inquiry she was “ stunned ” by the legal advice but accepted it at the time .
She said : “ I thought , in the teeth of war , the Attorney General of the UK coming to Cabinet to give legal advice – this is a very serious , monumental thing and that ’s his advice , and I ’m very surprised but you must accept it . ”
But she said the Cabinet would have had second thoughts if it had seen the detailed 13 - page legal advice that Lord Goldsmith sent Mr Blair on March 7 .
Ms Short said Mr Brown , then Chancellor , was being “ marginalised ” in the weeks before the invasion .
“ Brown was pushed out and marginalised at the time and having cups of coffee with me and saying ‘ Tony Blair is obsessed with his legacy and he thinks he can have a quick war and then a reshuffle etc’ , ” she said .
She said Mr Brown , in discussions with her , spoke of his concerns over what would happen “ beyond Iraq ” .
“ He was worried about what is beyond Iraq , ” she said .
“ He would say ‘ On Iraq , we must uphold the UN ’ .
I would say ’ I agree ’ . ”
A poll published this morning suggests voters believe Mr Brown should share responsibility for the war with Mr Blair .
The survey , by ComRes for The Independent , found 60 % agreed that Mr Brown bore a similar responsibility to Mr Blair .
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
Buttons in a Silverlight DataGrid Header
Today I was hoping to complete adding an excel - like auto - filter to the Silverlight DataGrid which is used for the main view throughout a big chunk of our application .
Instead I spent almost the entire day just getting the first step working - putting a button in the grid header and wiring up the click event .
Generally using Silverlight from IronPython is a pleasant experience , but there are one or two things that can't be done through code and have to be done in XAML .
XAML is the markup language used to describe Silverlight user interfaces ; the Silverlight UI is a cutdown mostly - subset of Windows Presentation Foundation ( WPF ) , the hardware accelerated Windows user interface framework that is part of .NET 3 and above .
With WPF you can not only define the visual elements ( including animations ) of a UI , but also setup data - binding and bind handlers to events .
Event handlers are statically bound and this is a problem for IronPython .
Even though we can now use clrtype to create true .
NET classes from IronPython , the XAML loader uses Type. GetType( ) to find the types - and this fails with generated classes .
For almost everything this is n't a problem as we can just hook up events from code , but creating custom DataGrid headers and hooking up events to controls in them is one of the places where we can't .
So the first part of the puzzle is creating a custom style in UserControl .
Resources and setup the ContentTemplate :
< Setter Property= " ContentTemplate " > < Setter.Value > < DataTemplate > < Grid Height= " { TemplateBinding Height} " Width= " Auto " > < Grid.RowDefinitions > < RowDefinition Height= " * " /> </ Grid.RowDefinitions > < StackPanel Orientation= " Horizontal " Margin= " 2 " HorizontalAlignment= " Stretch " VerticalAlignment= " Stretch " > < TextBlock Text= " { Binding} " HorizontalAlignment= " Center " VerticalAlignment= " Center " Margin= " 0.2 " /> < Button Content= " Foo " Margin= " 5,0 " x : Name= " filter " /> </StackPanel > </ Grid> </DataTemplate > </ Setter.Value > </ Setter >
See how the DataTemplate contains a Grid with sub-ui-elements like a TextBlock and the oh - so - important Button .
The { Binding} in the textblock means that the standard header text is displayed alongside our button .
The XAML for the DataGrid specifies the style we created :
< data:DataGrid x: Name= " dataGrid " CanUserReorderColumns= " False " ColumnHeaderStyle= " {StaticResource OurColumnHeaderStyle} " IsReadOnly= " True " AutoGenerateColumns= " False " />
Ok , so far so good .
When the columns are created for our grid they will use the ContentTemplate to create the column headers :
If we 'd been using C# we could have hooked up the button click event in the style XAML .
So how do we do this from IronPython ?
This is what took most of the day to work out .
The column headers are n't exposed in any straightforward way , but once the columns have been created we can ' walk the visual tree ' to find the column header object , and from there we can find the button .
Walking the visual tree is done with VisualTreeHelper , and a recursive helper function :
from System .
Windows .
Media import VisualTreeHelper def find_children ( parent , findtype ) : count = VisualTreeHelper .
GetChildrenCount ( parent ) for i in range ( count ) : child = VisualTreeHelper .
GetChild ( parent , i ) if isinstance ( child , findtype ) : yield child else : for entry in find_children ( child , findtype ) : yield entry
We use it to find and hook up the buttons thusly :
from System .
Windows import Visibility from System .
Windows .
Controls import Button , DataGridTextColumn for entry in find_children ( datagrid , DataGridColumnHeader ) : for button in find_children ( entry , Button ) : if not button .
IsEnabled : button .
Visibility = Visibility .
Collapsed else : button .
Click += handler_function # just one button per column break
We make disabled button invisible because otherwise the grid will leave a disabled button visible in the header to the right of the populated columns .
So that was the hard part .
The next problem was n't quite so difficult ; inside the event handler how do we know which column the button click is for ?
It turns out that getting a reference to the column inside the click event handler is easy :
from System .
Windows .
Controls import DataGridColumn def handler_function ( sender , event ) : column = DataGridColumn .
GetColumnContainingElement ( sender ) ...
At least next time I have to do this is it will be a bit easier ...
The final version will use an image for the button content , but the hard part is done .
UPDATE
My colleague Stephan Mitt tells me that the only reason it was so easy to get the column from the button event is that he spent three hours previously discovering this API .
Props to him for working this out and making my life easier .
Stephan also wanted me to show you the end result with his nice filter images instead of my proof - of - concept ' Foo ' buttons :
The code to set the image on the button looks like this :
from System import Uri , UriKind from System .
Windows .
Controls import Image from System .
Windows .
Media .Imaging import BitmapImage def click_handler ( sender , event ) : uri = Uri ( ' images/someimage.jpg ' , UriKind .
RelativeOrAbsolute ) bitmap = BitmapImage ( uri ) image = Image ( ) image .
Source = bitmap #
The sender is the button sender .
Content = image
As I was integrating this with our production code I encountered another problem .
Many of the grids we used are loaded into TabControl pages , and the headers are n't created until the grid is rendered ( the tab page the grid is in is selected ) .
This means it matters when you run the code that walks the visual tree to find the buttons and setup the click handlers .
A good place to do it is in response to the Loaded event , which is fired after the headers have been created .
EuroPython 2010 : Registration , Call for Papers and Call for Volunteers
Planning for EuroPython 2010 is well underway .
Both registration ( Early Bird ) and the talk submission system are open , and we need your help !
As well as the core conference itself there are tutorials before the conference , development sprints afterwards and Python Language Summit and a Python Software Foundation meeting ( first one in Europe ) during the conference .
Confirmed speakers include Brett Cannon and Raymond Hettinger .
We also have some exciting keynote speakers that have yet to be announced .
There is lots to do and we need your help !
Ways you can help :
Come to the conference !
Seriously , register now .
Join the EuroPython Improve Mailing List and introduce yourself
Submit your talk , tutorial and sprint proposals
If your company uses Python then they need to sponsor EuroPython .
Hassle your boss today
Publicise EuroPython in your community
EuroPython 2010 - 17th to 24th July 2010
EuroPython is a conference for the Python programming language community , including the Django , Zope and Plone communities .
It is aimed at everyone in the Python community , of all skill levels , both users and programmers .
Last year 's conference was the largest open source conference in the UK and one of the largest community organised software conferences in Europe .
This year EuroPython will be held from the 17th to 24th July in Birmingham , UK .
It will include over 100 talks , tutorials , sprints and social events .
Registration
Registration is open now at : http://www.europython.eu/registration/
For the best registration rates , book as soon as you can !
Early Bird rate will apply until 10th May .
Talks , Activities and Events
Do you have something you wish to present at EuroPython ?
You want to give a talk , run a tutorial or sprint ?
Go to http://www.europython.eu/talks/cfp/ for information and advice !
Go to http://wiki.europython.eu/Sprints to plan a sprint !
Help Us Out
EuroPython is run by volunteers , like you !
We could use a hand , and any contribution is welcome .
Go to http://wiki.europython.eu/Helping to join us !
Go to http://www.europython.eu/contact/ to contact us directly !
Sponsors
Sponsoring EuroPython is a unique opportunity to affiliate with this prestigious conference and to reach a large number of Python users from computing professionals to academics , from entrepreneurs to motivated and well - educated job seekers .
Spread the Word
We are a community - run not - for - profit conference .
Please help to spread the word by distributing this announcement to colleagues , project mailing lists , friends , your blog , Web site , and through your social networking connections .
Take a look at our publicity resources :
General Information
For more information about the conference , please visit the official site : http://www.europython.eu/
Looking forward to see you !
The EuroPython Team
AMD64 or X86 - 64 ?
Up until recently the 64bit Windows binaries of Python were labelled as being for " AMD64 " processors .
If you know the history of this architecture then you know exactly what this means , but at least one person was confused and emailed in to ask :
Should I use the AMD64 version of Python on an Intel 64 chip ?
I know those 64 - bit implementations are very similar , but are they similar enough that your AMD64 will work on Intel ?
Christian Heimes offered this reply , and suggested an update to the download pages :
The installer works on all AMD64 compatible Intel CPUs .
As you most likely know all modern Intel 64 bit CPUs are based on AMD 's x86 - 64 design .
Only the Itanium family is based on the other Intel 64 bit design : IA - 64 .
The name AMD64 was chosen because most Linux and BSD distributions call it so .
The name ' AMD64 ' has caused confusion in the past because users thought that the installer works only on AMD CPUs .
How about : Python 2.6.4 Windows X86 -64 installer ( Windows AMD64 / Intel 64 / X86-64 binary -- does not include source )
Martin Loewis ( one of senior core - Python developers with a particular responsibility for the Windows releases ) objected to the use of the term " X86 - 64 " to describe this architecture :
AMD does n't want us to use the term x86 - 64 anymore , but wants us to use AMD64 instead .
I think we should comply - they invented the architecture , so they have the right to give it a name .
Neither Microsoft nor Intel have such a right .
As a member of the Python.org webmaster team I was concerned that the descriptions were as useful as possible , and am not particularly interested in AMD vs Intel politics .
I did a bit of digging to see if X86 - 64 was now a sufficiently generic term for the AMD64 architecture .
Here 's what I came up with , none of them individually conclusive perhaps , but indicators of how people understand and use the term :
Linus Torvalds addressed this specific issue for Linux and came down on the side of " x86-64 " : http://kerneltrap.org/node/2466
Look up AMD64 on Wikipedia and it redirects you to the X86 - 64 page
Information website setup by AMD and partners about the AMD64 architecture : http://www.x86-64.org/about.html
In the AMD website they refer to " x86-64 Assembly " : http://www.x86-64.org/documentation/assembly.html
Microsoft seem to draw a distinction between x64 ( which would also be acceptable ) and Itanium based systems .
Very rarely do they refer to AMD64 : http://www.microsoft.com/servers/64bit/compare.mspx
http://www.microsoft.com/servers/64bit/x64/overview.mspx
http://www.microsoft.com/servers/64bit/overview.mspx
Using a vendor specific name automatically begs the question as to whether the installer works on processors from other vendors , as we saw in the specific enquiry from the user that triggered this debate .
In conclusion , referring to the AMD64 build as x86 - 64 , with a footnote explaining which architectures this specifically means is unlikely to confuse people .
It is definitely better than just saying AMD64 .
unittest2 0.2.0 Released and News on nose
I 've pushed out a new release of unittest2 , version 0.2.0 .
unittest2 is a backport of all the fancy new features added to the unittest testing framework in Python 2.7 .
It is tested to run on Python 2.4 - 2.6 .
The biggest new feature in the 0.2.0 release is the addition of shared fixtures ; setUpClass , setUpModule , tearDownClass and tearDownModule .
Before I explain these new features there is some interesting news about the next version of nose .
Jason Pellerin , creator and maintainer of nose , sent an email to the Testing in Python mailing list .
unittest2 and the future of nose :
nose has always been intended to be an extension of unittest -- one that opens unittest up , makes it easier to use , and easier to adapt to the needs of your crazy package or environment .
Fact : unittest2 is coming : http://www.voidspace.org.uk/python/articles/unittest2.shtml
... indeed , it 's already here ( just not yet in stdlib ) .
It does test discovery ( though not by default ) , can support test functions ( though not by default ) , will eventually support a better form of parameterized tests than nose does , and also will eventually support at least class and module - level fixtures .
Second fact : I have very little time to work on nose anymore , and with offspring # 2 due any day now , that 's not going to change much for at least a few years .
Third fact : setuptools is dying , distribute is going with it , and something called distutils2 is going to rise to take its place .
This matters because a LOT of nose 's internal complexity is there to support one thing : ' python setup.py test ' .
If that command goes away or changes substantially , nose will have to change with it .
Fourth fact : many high - level nose users want it to be released under a more liberal license than LGPL and wo n't become contributors until / unless that happens .
I think this all adds up to starting a new project .
Call it nose2 .
Call it @testinggoat .
Whatever it 's called , it should be based on extending unittest2 , and designed to work with distutils 2 's test command .
It should support as much of the current nose plugin api as is reasonable given the changes in unittest2 .
And it should be BSD or MIT licensed ( or some reasonable equivalent ) so more people feel comfortable contributing .
Actually Jason is mistaken about a couple of the details , unittest2 is just a backport of what is already in the Python standard library and test discovery is supported right out of the box ( not quite sure what he means by ' default ' ) .
That aside , nose has inspired a lot of the improvements that are in unittest2 , and hose still has plenty of features that have not yet made it across .
There are some features from nose that will never make it into core unittest , but the foundation of unittest2 and distutils2 will make a new version of nose substantially simpler .
Various people have volunteered to work on the shiny new nose ( bite my shiny metal nose ? ) , but the first step is for unittest to gain a decent extension API .
After Python 2.7 hits beta this is my highest priority for unittest .
Follow the rest of the nose2 email thread for an idea of how it all fits together .
Class and Module Level Fixtures
unittes t2 now allows you to create class and module level fixtures ; these are versions of setUp and tearDown that are run once per class or module .
Class and module level fixtures are implemented in TestSuite .
When the test suite encounters a test from a new class then tearDownClass from the previous class ( if there is one ) is called , followed by setUpClass from the new class .
Similarly if a test is from a different module from the previous test then tearDownModule from the previous module is run , followed by setUpModule from the new module .
After all the tests in the suite have run the final tearDownClass and tearDownModule are run .
Caution !
Note that shared fixtures do not play well with features like test parallelization and they also break test isolation .
They should be used with care .
setUpClass and tearDownClass
These must be implemented as class methods .
import unittest2 class Test ( unittest2 .
TestCase ) : @classmethod def setUpClass ( cls ) : cls .
_connection = createExpensiveConnectionObject ( ) @classmethod def tearDownClass ( cls ) : cls .
_connection . destroy ()
If you want the setUpClass and tearDownClass on base classes called then you must call up to them yourself .
The implementations in TestCase are empty .
If an exception is raised during a setUpClass then the tests in the class are not run and the tearDownClass is not run .
Skipped classes will not have setUpClass or tearDownClass run .
setUpModule and tearDownModule
These should be implemented as functions .
def setUpModule ( ) : createConnection ( ) def tearDownModule ( ) : closeConnection ()
If an exception is raised in a setUpModule then none of the tests in the module will be run and the tearDownModule will not be run .
There are a few important details about these functions , particularly how they behave when test suites are randomized .
More information in the docs .
Archives
A slump in financial stocks sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average to its first close below 10000 in three months as concerns about the global economy and U.S. interest - rate policy simmered .
The blue - chip measure fell 103.84 points , or 1 % , to 9908.39 , near its intraday low in a session that saw selling accelerate into the closing bell .
The Dow was led lower by a 3.5 % decline in Bank of America , while American Express fell 2.8 % , Travelers fell 2.5 % , and J.P. Morgan Chase fell 1.6 % .
Investors weighed a report in The Wall Street Journal that Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke will begin laying the groundwork for credit tightening later in the year , bringing to a close a period of historically low interest rates that have made it easier for ailing banks to book big profits .
Market participants also kept a close eye on financial instability in Europe , where issues surrounding the creditworthiness of several countries have recently surfaced , sending shockwaves through the financial markets .
The Dow slipped below 10000 in each of the previous two trading sessions but in each case was rescued from a finish below the milestone as bargain hunters swooped in before the closing bell .
Pop quiz — What does more to galvanize radical anti-American sentiment in the Muslim world : ( a ) Israeli settlements on the West Bank ; or ( b ) a Lady Gaga music video ?
If your answer is ( b ) it means you probably have a grasp of the historical roots of modern jihadism .
If , however , you answered ( a ) , then congratulations :
You are perfectly in synch with the new Beltway conventional wisdom , now jointly defined by Pat Buchanan and his strange bedfellows within the Obama administration .
...
New research provides fascinating insight into brain changes that might underlie alterations in spiritual and religious attitudes .
The study , published by Cell Press in the February 11 issue of the journal Neuron , explores the neural basis of spirituality by studying patients before and after surgery to remove a brain tumor .
Although it is well established that all behaviors and experiences , spiritual or otherwise , must originate in the brain , true empirical exploration of the neural underpinnings of spirituality has been challenging .
However , recent advances in neuroscience have started to make the complex mental processes associated with religion and spirituality more accessible .
" Neuroimaging studies have linked activity within a large network in the brain that connects the frontal , parietal , and temporal cortexes with spiritual experiences , but information on the causative link between such a network and spirituality is lacking , " explains lead study author , Dr. Cosimo Urgesi from the University of Udine in Italy .
Dr. Urgesi and colleagues were interested in making a direct link between brain activity and spirituality .
They focused specifically on the personality trait called self - transcendence ( ST ) , which is thought to be a measure of spiritual feeling , thinking , and behaviors in humans .
ST reflects a decreased sense of self and an ability to identify one 's self as an integral part of the universe as a whole .
The researchers combined analysis of ST scores obtained from brain tumor patients before and after they had surgery to remove their tumor , with advanced techniques for mapping the exact location of the brain lesions after surgery .
" This approach allowed us to explore the possible changes of ST induced by specific brain lesions and the causative role played by frontal , temporal , and parietal structures in supporting interindividual differences in ST , " says researcher Dr. Franco Fabbro from the University of Udine .
The group found that selective damage to the left and right posterior parietal regions induced a specific increase in ST .
" Our symptom - lesion mapping study is the first demonstration of a causative link between brain functioning and ST , " offers Dr. Urgesi .
" Damage to posterior parietal areas induced unusually fast changes of a stable personality dimension related to transcendental self - referential awareness .
Thus , dysfunctional parietal neural activity may underpin altered spiritual and religious attitudes and behaviors . "
These results may even lead to new strategies for treating some forms of mental illness .
" If a stable personality trait like ST can undergo fast changes as a consequence of brain lesions , it would indicate that at least some personality dimensions may be modified by influencing neural activity in specific areas , " suggests Dr. Salvatore M. Aglioti from Sapienza University of Rome .
" Perhaps novel approaches aimed at modulating neural activity might ultimately pave the way to new treatments of personality disorders . "
The researchers include Cosimo Urgesi , Universita` di Udine , Udine , Italy , Istituto di Ricovero e Cura a Carattere Scientifico Eugenio Medea , Pordenone , Italy ; Salvatore M. Aglioti , Sapienza Universita` di Roma , Roma , Italy , Istituto di Ricovero e Cura a Carattere Scientifico Fondazione S. Lucia , Roma , Italy ; Miran Skrap , Azienda Ospedaliero - Universitaria Santa Maria della Misericordia , Udine , Italy ; and Franco Fabbro , Universita` di Udine , Udine , Italy , Istituto di Ricovero e Cura a Carattere Scientifico Eugenio Medea , Pordenone , Italy .
Legislation is available in different versions :
Latest Available ( revised ) : The latest available updated version of the legislation incorporating changes made by subsequent legislation and applied by our editorial team .
Changes we have not yet applied to the text , can be found in the ‘ Changes to Legislation ’ area .
Original ( As Enacted or Made ) :
The original version of the legislation as it stood when it was enacted or made .
No changes have been applied to the text .
Following its debut last November , architecture database and networking site Architizer is doing as an American pioneer should and sallying forth to the West Coast .
Launching tomorrow in Los Angeles with a bash at the A+D Museum , Architizer is spreading its design / build web over contemporary architecture projects from sea to shining sea .
We checked in with the crew and had them curate a selection of LA ’s best architecture to mark the launch ; ogle their ten picks after the jump .
Helios House by Office dA , Johnston Marklee , BIG —
“ To reinvent the gas station as an ecologically sensitive installation , the architects used evocative ecology to design the form .
The project is at once a billboard and a responsible actor in the quest for more sustainable architecture . ”
Formosa 1140 by Lorcan O’Hirlihy Architects —
“ Located in the heart of Los Angeles , this new eleven - unit housing project emphasizes the central importance of shared open space for the residents and the community . ”
Angel ’s Edge by Brian Messana —
“ The genius of this house is to get out of the way .
As a visitor approaches all they see is the Pacific Ocean as the house is designed as an extension of the horizon . ”
Habitat 15 ( Detroit Street Housing ) by Predock_Frane Architects —
“ The project is deceptively simple : the animated facade hints at an interior of multi-story interlocking and spatially dynamic volumes . ”
Jamie Residence by Escher GuneWardena Architecture —
“ The clarity and simplicity of this ranch house that hovers over the hills of Pasadena is breathtaking . ”
Domaine LA by Della Valle Bernheimer —
“ Wine store .
Wine glass .
Wine lights !
Why not ?
This recently completed wine store on Melrose Avenue in Los Angeles uses 48 spun aluminum hemispheres to light the center of the room .
Their shape and color is reminiscent of a field of full wine glasses . ”
Rosa Muerta by RSd – “ Not only is this vacation house brilliantly designed , from its mirrored surfaces to its heart shaped breeze block , it is for rent !
The architects built it as a rental property without a client . ”
Twin Houses – Akron by Predock_Frane Architects —
“ What ’s better than one house in the Pacific Palisades ?
Two !
This set of conjoined twins creates spectacular spaces through their combination . ”
TERRABANK by Fletcher Studio Landscape Architecture +
Urban Design – “ What ’s more LA than freeways ?
We love the way this project re-imagines the freeway embankment as a habitable space . ”
Family Room at the J. Paul Getty Museum by Predock_Frane Architects
The fellas also heartily encourage any interested parties located in Southern California to attend the launch party tomorrow evening , Thursday March 18 .
RSVP to rsvp@architizer.com .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) --
Hall of Fame football player and actor Merlin Olsen , a giant man who friends say had an even larger heart , died Thursday after a long battle with cancer , football and university officials said .
He was 69 .
Known as much for his brain as his brawn , the 6 - foot - 5 , 270 - pound defensive tackle also graduated summa cum laude and Phi Kappa Phi from Utah State University in 1962 and earned a master 's degree in economics in the off - season during his 15 - year professional career .
" Merlin Olsen was a coach 's player .
Punctual , steady , gifted , a quiet leader , a player you could always count on , " says his biography on the National Football League Hall of Fame Web site .
" He was a standout as a rookie and thereafter stood out in every game he played for the Rams in a 15 - year career .
Every game .
Fifteen years . "
There may be no better evidence of Olsen 's strength than his feat of playing in 208 professional games , the last 198 in a row .
At Utah State University from 1959 - 1961 , Olsen earned All - American honors during his junior and senior years .
As a senior , he won the 1961 Outland Trophy as the nation 's outstanding interior defensive lineman .
After being drafted by the Rams with a No. 1 pick in 1962 , Olsen was voted into the Pro Bowl as a rookie , the first of his 14 Pro Bowl appearances .
He also made two All - Decade teams and was a six - time All - Pro .
Olsen was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1982 , his first year of eligibility .
He accomplished all those feats while playing for a sometimes less - than - stellar Los Angeles Rams team before its move to St. Louis in 1995 .
" It was Olsen 's hard luck to perform for many mediocre teams in Los Angeles -- he never won a Super Bowl -- but he had as much to do as any other individual with glamorizing defensive football in the NFL , " his NFL biography says .
For many years , Olsen was a member of the Rams ' renowned " Fearsome Foursome " defensive line that included Deacon Jones , Roosevelt Grier and Lamar Lundy .
After his professional playing career ended in 1976 , Olsen turned to acting , appearing in movies and more than 100 TV episodes .
He also worked as a television sports commentator .
On TV , he may best be remembered for portraying the gentle Jonathan Garvey opposite Michael Landon on " Little House on the Prairie " from 1977 to 1981 and the lead role in " Father Murphy " from 1981 to 1983 .
In addition , Olsen did voice - overs in commercials for the floral delivery company FTD as well as commercials for syndicated airings of " The X - Files " TV program .
He was remembered Thursday for his character and how he excelled in so many endeavors .
" I can't think of anyone who has graduated from Utah State University who has accomplished more in a broader array of fields than Merlin Olsen , " said Utah State University President Stan Albrecht .
" His distinctive and powerful voice will be remembered for the breadth of its influence and by the impact it has had in so many different facets of our lives . "
The university also said Olsen will be recalled " as a tireless philanthropist , giving enormous amounts of time , talent and financial resources to numerous causes across the country . "
As a broadcaster , Olsen was partnered for years at NBC Sports with Dick Enberg , who recently described him as " the complete man . "
In a letter to Olsen , Utah State revealed Thursday , Enberg lauded Olsen 's commitment to their weekly NFL telecasts .
Enberg wrote of his partner 's " uncommon willingness to prepare . "
" I 'd often feel that I had given an ' A ' effort in our broadcasts , only to recognize you earned the ' A - plus , ' " Enberg wrote .
Enberg said he also was struck by Olsen 's inner self -- " a man of goodness , eager to consciously do the right thing for yourself , while helping others . "
Carroll Rosenbloom , owner of the Rams during Olsen 's playing days , also spoke to Olsen 's unblemished character .
SI Vault : Read about Merlin Olsen 's start in show business after 15 seasons with the Rams
" The thing about him that I find remarkable is never once have I ever heard him say a negative word about anybody , in any circumstance , " Rosenbloom said .
" I just remember having a lot of admiration and respect for him , because he was a unique guy on the team , just the kind of person he is -- gentle and wonderful , and treated everybody so well . "
Rosenbloom 's son Chip , majority owner of the St. Louis Rams , said Olsen will never be forgotten in team history .
The Rams last honored him at a December 20 game in St. Louis .
" In Rams history , there are maybe 10 guys who are iconic , and he's one of them , " Rosenbloom said .
" There 's nobody who is more important . "
Olsen 's alma mater likewise honored him in December , announcing at a basketball game half - time ceremony the naming of Merlin Olsen Field at Romney Stadium , a statue on the facility 's southeast plaza and a scholarship endowment .
On February 16 , at about 10:00 am ET , the U.S. will be hit by a massive , crippling cyber attack from an unknown entity .
Key players will convene in the White House situation room and plan the response , from mitigation to ( possibly ) retaliation .
It 'll be live on television -- G.N.N .
Of course , my knowledge of this attack will not add me to the radar screens of the FBI -- they know about it too .
The reason I felt compelled to write a pseudo - serious lead to this post is because , for the first time , a cyber attack is going to be war - gamed , in public , for all the country to see .
The war - game is not being put on by the Department of Homeland Security or the Obama administration : it is being run independently and will include former officials who are not part of the federal government .
It will be quite realistic , featuring senior intelligence and national security officials , including former directors of intelligence agencies and combatant commands and homeland security advisers .
A production company has been hired to re-create a White House Sit Room in the Mandarin Oriental Hotel , and professional scriptwriters have been working with experts to create a real - life scenario .
The sponsors of the event include companies with financial stakes in the future of cyber defense -- General Dynamics is one -- but also companies whose transactions are the lifeblood to the American economy , and who want to foster a greater sense of urgency among the public and policymakers .
( PayPal has joined as a sponsor . )
KALININGRAD , Russia —
They gathered under rainy gray skies — men and women , young and old — demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , a man long seen as untouchable in Russia ’s tightly controlled political scene .
Cries of “ Freedom ! ” and “ Putin resign ! ” filled Kaliningrad ’s dilapidated main square , as up to 5,000 people gathered to take part in a nationwide “ Day of Wrath . ”
From Vladivostok in the far east to this , Russia ’s westernmost region , dozens of protests were held today in the largest show of discontent since Putin came to power more than a decade ago .
What began as distinct protests against specific economic policies — a rise in utilities prices , an increased tax on imported cars , environmental concerns — have now been united by a growing concensus on who is to blame , said Vladimir Milov , a former energy minister under Putin and current co-leader of Solidarity , an umbrella opposition movement .
“ People are clearly moving from specific economic and social demands to general political demands , from the resignation of local governors to the resignation of Putin ’s government , ” he said , sitting in a Kaliningrad cafe after flying in from Moscow to observe the day ’s events .
“ There ’s a recognition that political factors , and the government , are to blame , ” he said .
As yet , it ’s unclear how true that is .
Putin ’s popularity rating remains high and many of today 's protests garnered just 150 to 500 participants .
In Irkutsk , where locals voted in a Communist mayor in local elections last week , dealing a heavy blow to the ruling United Russia party , just 500 people turned out ( versus the 2,000 who attended a pre-election protest earlier this month ) .
In Kaliningrad , the population is certainly calling for political change .
Today , protesters wore pins disparaging United Russia and called for the ouster of the Moscow - appointed governor , Georgy Boos .
The smell of tangerines filled the air as they held aloft the fruit that has become the symbol of the unpopular leader .
“ It ’s because he used to be fat , ” said one protester ( failing to mention that his face carries the distinct orange glow of a badly done fake tan ) .
Kaliningrad has held the largest anti-Putin protest to date , with 12,000 taking to the streets on Jan. 30 .
Yet ask anyone here , and they will tell you Kaliningrad is different .
Nestled between European Union members Poland and Lithuania , and separated from the Russian mainland , it is unlikely to be the launching pad for a wave of large - scale protests — all the more so since television in Russia remains largely state - controlled , and coverage of events here has been nonexistent .
“ Our population is different from Russia , ” said Konstantin Polyakov , a regional Duma deputy from United Russia .
( Nevermind that Kaliningrad is , actually , Russia . )
“ Some people finish school never having been to Russia , but have been many times to Poland , Germany , Sweden , England , ” he said .
“ We ’re more European — more relaxed , less Eastern .
And we ’re more democratic . ”
It would be hard to find a United Russia deputy in Moscow implying the party , or the Russian leadership , was anything but democratic .
And yet the Kremlin has been visibly shaken by events in Kaliningrad .
After the January protest , it dispatched a high - level delegation to the Baltic exclave and fired its Kaliningrad adviser , Oleg Matveichev .
“ It really surprised us , ” Polyakov said .
“ We did n’t think so many people would turn out . ”
Today 's protest was officially banned , and organizers were given the option of holding it at a stadium on the city ’s outskirts .
Expecting 30,000 people and fearing violence or disorder in a closed space , the lead local opposition activist , Konstantin Doroshok , canceled the meeting .
Members of Solidarity , the national opposition movement , accused him of capitulating to the government and accused authorities of adopting a strategy of splitting the opposition .
Yet several thousand showed up anyway , having organized on the internet and by word of mouth .
“ People are fed up , ” said Viktoria , a 50 - year - old protester .
She , like most everyone I talked to , was unemployed .
The official unemployment rate here is 9 percent , said Polyakov , but he believes it is much higher .
The financial crisis shut numerous factories and the region ’s main airline , while a rise in import tariffs on cars struck at the nerve of the region ’s most lucrative trade by bringing European cars to Russia .
“ We ’re sick of our governor , ” Viktoria said .
“ At the same time , we understand that nothing happens in our country without Putin . ”
In marked contrast to Moscow — where opposition protests are regularly disrupted by baton - wielding riot police — today ’s Kaliningrad protest went off peacefully .
Rumors that police had been flown in from outside the region as reinforcements proved to be untrue .
Yet everyone expects United Russia — and Putin — to react somehow .
So far , the government has moved to lower utilities costs and has reassured the population that jobs will be created .
With the budget deficit already above 6 percent of GDP , the measures will only add to the strain .
“ The leadership is scared , ” said Solomon Ginzburg , an independent deputy in the regional Duma .
“ I ’ve been saying the Kaliningrad region is an indicator — in nine months , it will be all over Russia . ”
If this catches on , half of Hollywood 's females will fall into poverty .
Casting for their fourth Pirates of the Caribbean , Disney specifies that fake breasts are not permitted , and actresses will be subjected to pre-shoot jiggle tests to check .
This , from the New York Post , sounds like the beginning of a porno :
The filmmakers sent out a casting call last week seeking " beautiful female fit models .
Must be 5ft7 in - 5ft8 in , size 4 or 6 , no bigger or smaller .
Age 18 - 25 .
Must have a lean dancer body .
Must have real breasts .
Do not submit if you have implants . "
And they warn that there 'll be a " show and tell " day .
To make sure LA talent scouts do n't get caught in a " booby trap , " potential lassies will have to undergo a Hollywood - style jiggle - your - jugs test and jog for judges .
If there 's nothing moving from the waist up , they 're saying , it 's a dead giveaway that you 're not all flesh and bones — and you 're out .
How is that not sexual harassment ?
On the other hand :
Is there any way to prove veracity of breasts without sexually harassing ?
In case Disney meets any ambiguous jiggle tests , here are a few other ways I have thought of to test for veracity of breasts :
Force actresses to answer , " Have you ever met Hugh Hefner ? "
Compare and contrast lie detector result for " Are your breasts real ? " with " Are you a natural blonde ? "
Introduce the actresses to Donald Trump .
Anyone he is attracted to can be eliminated prima facie .
You 'll have to sign an NDA once you read this , but : Dr. 90210 : Silicone Victims Unit
All of this raises a rather perplexing question .
Because America loves fake boobs .
Entire careers have revolved around fake boobs .
So why would Disney ban them from Pirates ?
First , there 's this :
" In the last movie , there were enhanced breasts to give that 18th - century whorish look , and men were pretty well padded too , and no one worried , " a former casting agent said .
" But times are changing , and the audience can spot false breasts . "
Also , there is going to be lots of swimming and diving in this movie , and remember the Road Rules lady who bellyflopped and popped her implant ?
Do not try Baywatch at home , ladies .
[ NYPost ]
Some legal experts speculated that Specialist Hutchinson ’s commanders threatened court - martial to send a message to other single - parent soldiers in the brigade .
Last year , more than 10,000 single parents on active military duty deployed overseas .
Image Angelique Hughes , Specialist Hutchinson 's mother , found she was unable to help .
Credit ... Jim Wilson / The New York Times
“ It could be that they have a ton of single parents and deploy regularly and can’t afford to have disruptions like this , ” said Michelle M. Lindo McCluer , a former Air Force lawyer who is now director of the National Institute of Military Justice , a nonprofit group in Washington .
In its statement , the Third Infantry Division noted that there were many other single parents or dual - military families in Specialist Hutchinson ’s unit who deployed to Afghanistan .
“ They have experienced similar challenges but have been able to overcome them so they could deploy with their units , ” the statement said .
Specialist Hutchinson ’s case unfolded about the same time as the division ’s commander was embroiled in another controversy .
In December , the commander , Maj. Gen. Anthony A. Cucolo III , who oversees forces in northern Iraq , issued orders threatening to punish soldiers , married or single , who become pregnant .
( Punishment was also threatened for sexual partners . )
The general , who has sent home about eight soldiers from Iraq because of pregnancy , later backed off the threat of court - martialing such soldiers .
Raised in Oakland , Specialist Hutchinson was a member of the Junior Reserve Officers Training Corps in high school and then enlisted in the Army upon graduation .
She wanted , she said in a written response to questions , “ to get away from home and try something new . ”
Her son , Kamani , was born in January 2009 .
Specialist Hutchinson declined to say anything about the boy ’s father , other than that he had never been involved with Kamani .
Ms. Hughes said she believed he was a former soldier .
Single parents are required to file family care plans months before deployment .
In her plan , Specialist Hutchinson listed her mother as a long - term caregiver and in October she used a two - week leave to take her son to Oakland .
After showing you pictures of offshore wind turbine foundations in this story , I am pleased to be able to now post pictures of the above - the - water parts , before their installation at sea :
If you remember , there were ovality issues with one foundation last time round - well , that was solved and that foundation has now been corrected and installed at sea .
The foundation site has just one big item remaining :
the transition piece for the offshore high voltage transformer station
This transition piece is heavier than the others , and required a re-fit of the jackup barge to be installed .
That refit was being done when we visited :
Left : two of the legs that go down in water to lift the platform above the water when it needs to work
Right : the jackup is in the " raised " position in order for the re-fit work to be done in perfectly stable conditions , even in the port
After installing the foundation for the transformer , the vessel will be refitted a second time to begin in a few weeks ' time the installation of the towers and turbines , which are arriving at a nearby site :
the nacelles ( Vestas V90 - 3 MW )
the hubs
the blades
the first part of the tower
The installation method chosen for this project is to install the turbines with the hub ( but not the blades ) on top of the towers ( which are brought in two parts and are assembled on site ) onshore , and transport the full unit to the site at sea in one piece , in a vertical position .
Thus , other than the installation of that unit on top of the foundations , the only work offshore will be the installation of the blades , one by one , on the hub .
On the port site , various bits of assembly are happening now : the towers are being erected :
The fully erected towers stand at above 100 meters
The hubs are being attached to the nacelles :
The hubs are first positioned alongside the nacelles
after having being raised into position ( something I did not witness ) , the hubs are bolted to the nacelle
a complete nacelle + hub set in front , with one to be installed behind it
I hope to be able to post more installments in the future - but joining the installation work at sea is usually more difficult as the safety requirements are absolutely stringent and the boats can be mobilised for more than a few days ... to be continued .
We ’re testing a new idea .
We 'll try this : there will now be NO advertisements at BAD NEWSPAPER .
If you like this idea , leave us a comment !
If you REALLY like this idea , give a donation to your favorite charity !
Thanks for visiting our site , have a great day !
If the recent assassination of a Hamas commander in Dubai is confirmed as a Mossad operation , it will not be the first time that Israeli agents have used or tried to obtain foreign passports .
Forty - nine - year - old Mahmoud ­al - Mabhouh was found dead in his room at the Al - Bustan Rotana hotel last month , and within days Hamas officials claimed he had been murdered as part of a secret operation by the Mossad , the Israeli foreign intelligence service .
Dubai police said yesterday they were looking for 11 suspects with regard to the killing , all carrying European passports – six from Britain , three from Ireland and one each from France and Germany .
Dubai 's police chief suggested the assassination was a foreign intelligence operation , although he stopped short of blaming Israel .
Agents from the Mossad have been caught with foreign passports before , triggering diplomatic rows .
In 1997 , two using forged Canadian passports were arrested in Amman after trying to assassinate Khalid Meshal , a Hamas official who is now the movement 's leader , by spraying poison into his ear .
The task nearly succeeded but then the agents were quickly captured and their mission backfired spectacularly .
Israel was forced to hand over an antidote that saved Meshal 's life and had to release Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , the Hamas spiritual leader , from prison , while also incurring the anger of key Arab ally Jordan .
That operation was carried out while Binyamin Netanyahu was prime minister .
He is now in the job for a second time .
When the Canadian government discovered its country 's passports had been used by the Mossad , the documents were carefully recovered for further investigation in Canada .
The country 's ambassador to Israel was withdrawn for " consultations " for two weeks , a sign of diplomatic dispute , and he only returned after Israel promised Canadian passports would never again be used for such missions .
But within a few years , another dispute surfaced .
Two suspected agents were jailed for six months in 2004 in New Zealand for trying to falsely obtain a New Zealand passport .
They were caught when an immigration official noticed a passport applicant was speaking with an American or Canadian accent .
Helen Clark , then prime minister of New Zealand , criticised Israel for behaving in a way " unacceptable internationally by any country " .
She said at the time : " The breach of New Zealand laws and sovereignty by agents of the Israeli government has seriously strained our relationship with Israel .
It is a sorry indictment of Israel that it has again taken such actions against a country with which it has friendly relations . "
Demand a Vote on the Public Option Join Congressman Alan Grayson in calling for a vote on the Medicare buy - in .
Read the letter and sign onto the petition today !
Dear Speaker Pelosi ,
If we ’re going to vote on bills without a public option , we should also vote on the public option .
Our bill ( HR 4789 ) lets anyone buy into Medicare .
We 've had lots of debate .
Now it 's time to vote .
Regards ,
Rep. Alan Grayson
A lesbian student at a school in Mississippi wanted to take her girlfriend to the prom .
So the school cancelled it
If all those John Hughes movies are to be believed , the senior prom is a highlight of American teenage life .
But in a real - life scenario that would have made for a great John Hughes plot , a cowardly school in Mississippi has cancelled its senior prom this year after a female student wanted to bring her girlfriend as her date .
Constance McMillen , an 18 - year - old student at Itawamba Agricultural High School in Fulton , Mississippi , asked to be able to take her date .
The school 's board objected – and to McMillen wanting to wear a tuxedo – so the American Civil Liberties Union got involved , pointing out the discrimination issue .
How did the school react ?
By blaming " distractions to the educational process caused by recent events " and cancelling the prom for everyone – which left the rest of the students unhappy .
The local Clarion - Ledger newspaper , under the sparkling headline " Mississippi lesbian alleges retaliation after prom date debate " , reported McMillen 's reaction to the news that the prom had been scrapped :
" That 's really messed up because the message they are sending is that if they have to let gay people go to prom that they are not going to have one .
A bunch of kids at school are really going to hate me for this , so in a way it 's really retaliation . "
The ACLU this afternoon filed a lawsuit against the school district :
She was told , according to the lawsuit , that the pair would have to arrive separately and could be thrown out " if any of the other students complained about their presence there together . "
McMillen was also told she could not wear a tuxedo , according to the suit , because boys are to attend in tuxedos and girls in dresses .
Announcing the cancellation , the school board said : " It is our hope that private citizens will organize an event for the juniors and seniors . "
A private party would circumvent the legal issues .
The gay - prom - goer issue has arisen in many states in recent years .
In conservative Utah , gay students in Salt Lake City can attend a separate prom , sponsored by the Utah Pride Centre .
In more liberal California – despite Prop 8 – students at Fairfax Senior High School in Los Angeles elected gay student Sergio Garcia as prom queen in 2009 .
A Facebook group , Let Constance Take Her Girlfriend to Prom ! , has been started and already has 11,000 fans .
ITHACA , N.Y . – Residents in this western New York college town , known for its picturesque waterfalls , have joined with others across Tomkins County and the state to protest a plan to extract gas from the ground by a process known as horizontal hydraulic fracturing , or fracking .
Fracking has residents in upstate and western New York worried about their towns , and people in other areas , such as New York City , worried about possible contamination of their drinking water .
The procedure aims at extracting methane from an underground layer called the Marcellus formation , composed of sediments and organic material millions of years ago .
In some areas , such as the town of Marcellus , the formation is near the surface , but in most places it is one to two miles below ground .
To bring the methane up from so far down , the gas company must drill far below the earth ’s surface , and then extend a pipe out horizontally for up to a mile .
At the tip of the drill bore , explosives are detonated while two to six million gallons of water mixed with harsh chemicals are forced in at incredibly high pressure .
The explosion creates fracturing in the rock , and the water forces the methane back towards the well to be harvested .
Afterwards , the original drill area is sealed .
The process is repeated every four to seven years in another portion of the horizontal well , over and over for up to 40 years .
Each time , millions of gallons of fresh water is used - and contaminated .
The process is riddled with problems , say local residents , who have formed a coalition of organizations aiming to stop the fracking process before it starts in the state .
Andrew Byers , of Shaleshock , the anti-fracking coalition , says that even if the gas industry is right in saying that the procedure is safe – which seems not to be the case – there will be a massive disruption in the local lifestyle .
“ You have 7,000 to 10,000 five - acre [ wells ] being drilled into the woods , with access roads to each one , ” Byers told the People ’s World .
“ Then you have diesel engines that are moving up and down every single one of those access roads .
And every time a single well needs to be fractured , you have 200 tanker trucks that drive to it , and then 200 trucks that drive away , carrying the water .
You have small country roads that are about to be inundated by chains of semi- trucks carrying fresh water from our local streams in , and toxic water out . ”
In order to be able to do this , gas companies need permission from landowners .
Currently , in Tomkins County , where Ithaca sits , they have succeeded in getting 33 percent of the land leased to them .
Under state Department of Environmental Conservation rules , once a certain amount of land is leased , the rest of the neighbors in the area must also lease the land , in return for monetary compensation .
According to Byers , the gas companies have been using tricky tactics to convince people to buy land in the area .
“ No one in their right mind is going to purchase a piece of land with a lease on it that allows this type of activity , ” one disgruntled Ithaca resident told the People ’s World .
“ Why would someone choose to live next to something like that ? ”
In addition , there is the possibility of contamination of the water supply .
In Pennsylvania , where fracking has already started , a recent small spill has had tremendous consequences : 37 miles of dead stream .
Water from the ground is normally clean because it is purified by aquifers , areas of dirt and rocks that purify the water as it moves towards the surface .
But the drilling that is being done will cut through aquifers , many activists point out .
The drills will introduce industrial - strength , highly poisonous lubricants into the aquifers .
Further , the millions of gallons of water that are injected into the earth are full of chemicals , some of which cause such things as reproductive dysfunction in humans at one part per trillion .
Activists claim that there has not been any proof that the water injected ca n’t seep into other areas and mix with drinking water .
The waste water from fracking , after being brought to the surface , must also be dealt with .
Municipal plants in New York can’t handle it , so it must be brought to Pennsylvania and Ohio , both places that are nearly at capacity .
Consequently , the energy companies plan to inject it deep into the ground and seal it off for future generations to deal with .
“ God forbid there ’s an earthquake in this area , ” remarked Byers .
He added that if one stream or lake in the area becomes contaminated , it would be nearly impossible to prevent rapid contamination of water across much larger areas of the state .
The DEC has only 17 field inspectors to oversee the entire operation of thousands of wells .
On January 25 , concerned residents took their complaints to the state capital , Albany , calling for the state to put a halt to fracking .
They are also pushing for passage of the “ Frack Act ” in Congress , which would remove a 2005 law that exempts oil and gas companies from the Clean Air Act , the Clean Water Act , the Clean Drinking Water Act , and the Superfund Act .
Photo :
One of Ithaca ’s scenic waterfalls , which residents fear could be at risk .
( PW / Dan Margolis )
China 's second largest wireless carrier - China Unicom - has said it will remove Google 's search service from the Android phones it developed in tandem with the web giant , citing the company 's decision to reroute Google.cn to uncensored servers in Hong Kong .
“ We are willing to work with any company that abides by Chinese law . . . we do n’t have any co-operation with Google currently , ” said Unicom president Lu Yimin , according to the Financial Times .
Google had already postponed the launch of two Unicom Android phones , saying back in late January that it would be " irresponsible " to bring them to market as it mulled its position in China .
On January 12 , after alleged Chinese hackers pilfered intellectual property from Google 's internal systems , the company announced that it would no longer censor search results in the country , and it spent the next two months and change looking for ways of making good on that promise .
Then , on Monday , it redirected Google.cn , its Chinese search engine , to servers in Hong Kong , where it began serving search results to the mainland in simplified Chinese .
In a recent statement sent to The Register , Google says that due to ongoing issues with its search engine in the country , it has " postponed the availability of Google mobile applications on Android devices from operators in China until further notice " .
But at least on Unicom , that postponement is now permanent .
Contacted again today , Google said " we have nothing new to share " .
Unicom will still offer the Android phones , and it says handset makers choose which search engine to use .
Motorola and Samsung manufactured the two delayed Unicom phones , and early this month Motorola said that before the end of the quarter it would add a Microsoft Bing browser bookmark and a Bing search widget to new Chinese phones based on Google 's open source OS .
It appears , however , that Bing will not be the default search engine .
According to The FT , China Mobile - the country 's largest carrier - is still offering Google as one search option on phones that are based on Android , but the China Mobile chairman recently said that the two companies never had an exclusive relationship . ®
Short and sweet .
Nice and hyper .
The mix is a little ratty , but I can live with it on a Tuesday afternoon .
Lyrically I think this is the most milage I 've ever gotten out of the fewest words .
I 'm just winning all around .
This is the 50th …
Uploaded September 29 , 2020 6:25 pm
Jan 15 , 2010 , 3:26 pm ET
Toyota Avalon displays unintended acceleration without floor mat
In a rather bizarre instance , a driver reportedly began to experience unintended acceleration from his Toyota Avalon and was able to drive the car to a nearby dealer with the vehicle still displaying wide open throttle , despite having the floormat removed .
Dealer techs witnessed the problem and have reportedly offered to repair the vehicle free of charge .
According to a report from The Safety Record , on December 29 , 2009 , the driver of a 2007 Toyota Avalon experienced a bizarre case of sudden and unintended acceleration while driving on the highway , just miles from a local Toyota dealer .
The driver managed to switch the vehicle between Neutral and Drive multiple times , while en route to the dealer in order to show the dealer the problem as it was still occurring .
The driver was able to reach the dealer , place the vehicle into neutral , and allow it to continue operating at wide open throttle .
The dealer sent out a tech who verified that the floor mat was removed , and pushing the gas pedal had no effect on the acceleration .
The dealer was unable to stop the wide open throttle and was forced to shut the vehicle off .
This incident was apparently not the first for the driver , either , who had been to the dealer before about the problem .
The first time the unintended acceleration occurred , the driver was able to slow the vehicle with the brakes and switch the vehicle into neutral - where the engine continued to hit maximum rpms .
At the time of the first incident , dealer diagnostics revealed no problems in the computer .
The dealer eventually offered to replace the throttle body , accelerator pedal and associated sensors free of charge for the driver after the second incident .
This incident may prove to be a crucial step in finding the true cause of the many reported cases of unintended acceleration in Toyota vehicles .
Toyota began its largest - ever recall in 2009 to replace the floor mats and accelerator pedals in over 3.8 million vehicles that could experience unintended acceleration .
Critics and survivors of unintended acceleration cases argued that the problem was not a result of the floor mats or accelerator pedals , but instead insist that the computer controlling the acceleration of the vehicle is at fault .
The Safety Record also reported on a one - car crash that occurred in Dallas , Texas the day after Christmas involving a Toyota Avalon .
According to the accident report , the vehicle inexplicably left the road and ended up crashing through a fence , and landing upside down in a pond - killing all four occupants .
The floor mats were found in the trunk of the car - ruling out the possibility of the floor mat causing the accident .
The official cause of the Dallas crash has not yet been determined .
Welcome to MoneyComparison.com.au
MoneyComparison.com.au is one of Australia 's leading Financial and Utilities comparison websites .
Whether you are looking to compare Credit Cards , Bank Accounts , Home Loans or just your home broadband , our online tools will help you find the right solution for you and within your budget !
In a newly published study , scientists from The Scripps Research Institute have shown for the first time that the same molecular mechanisms that drive people into drug addiction are behind the compulsion to overeat , pushing people into obesity .
The new study , conducted by Scripps Research Associate Professor Paul J. Kenny and graduate student Paul M. Johnson , was published March 28 , 2010 in an advance online edition of the journal Nature Neuroscience .
The study 's startling findings received widespread publicity after a preliminary abstract was presented at a Society for Neuroscience meeting in Chicago last October .
Articles heralding the new discovery appeared in news publications around the world , focusing on the point obese patients have been making for years - that , like addiction to other substances , junk food binging is extremely difficult to stop .
The study goes significantly further than the abstract , however , demonstrating clearly that in rat models the development of obesity coincides with a progressively deteriorating chemical balance in reward brain circuitries .
As these pleasure centers in the brain become less and less responsive , rats quickly develop compulsive overeating habits , consuming larger quantities of high - calorie , high - fat foods until they become obese .
The very same changes occur in the brains of rats that overconsume cocaine or heroin , and are thought to play an important role in the development of compulsive drug use .
Kenny , a scientist at Scripps Research 's Florida campus , said that the study , which took nearly three years to complete , confirms the " addictive " properties of junk food .
" The new study , unlike our preliminary abstract , explains what happens in the brain of these animals when they have easy access to high - calorie , high - fat food , " said Kenny .
" It presents the most thorough and compelling evidence that drug addiction and obesity are based on the same underlying neurobiological mechanisms .
In the study , the animals completely lost control over their eating behavior , the primary hallmark of addiction .
They continued to overeat even when they anticipated receiving electric shocks , highlighting just how motivated they were to consume the palatable food . "
The scientists fed the rats a diet modeled after the type that contributes to human obesity — easy - to - obtain high - calorie , high - fat foods like sausage , bacon , and cheesecake .
Soon after the experiments began , the animals began to bulk up dramatically .
" They always went for the worst types of food , " Kenny said , " and as a result , they took in twice the calories as the control rats .
When we removed the junk food and tried to put them on a nutritious diet - what we called the ' salad bar option ' - they simply refused to eat .
The change in their diet preference was so great that they basically starved themselves for two weeks after they were cut off from junk food .
It was the animals that showed the " crash " in brain reward circuitries that had the most profound shift in food preference to the palatable , unhealthy diet .
These same rats were also those that kept on eating even when they anticipated being shocked . "
Lethally Simple
What happens in addiction is lethally simple , Kenny explained .
The reward pathways in the brain have been so overstimulated that the system basically turns on itself , adapting to the new reality of addiction , whether its cocaine or cupcakes .
" The body adapts remarkably well to change — and that 's the problem , " said Kenny .
" When the animal overstimulates its brain pleasure centers with highly palatable food , the systems adapt by decreasing their activity .
However , now the animal requires constant stimulation from palatable food to avoid entering a persistent state of negative reward " .
After showing that obese rats had clear addiction - like food seeking behaviors , Johnson and Kenny next investigated the underlying molecular mechanisms that may explain these changes .
They focused on a particular receptor in the brain known to play an important role in vulnerability to drug addiction and obesity - the dopamine D2 receptor .
The D2 receptor responds to dopamine , a neurotransmitter that is released in the brain by pleasurable experiences like food or sex or drugs like cocaine .
In cocaine abuse , for example , the drug alter the flow of dopamine by blocking its retrieval , flooding the brain and overstimulating the receptors , something that eventually leads to physical changes in the way the brain responds to the drug .
The new study shows that the same thing happens in junk food addiction .
" These findings confirm what we and many others have suspected , " Kenny said , " that overconsumption of highly pleasurable food triggers addiction - like neuroadaptive responses in brain reward circuitries , driving the development of compulsive eating .
Common mechanisms may therefore underlie obesity and drug addiction . "
Consistent with common mechanisms explaining addiction and obesity , levels of the D2 dopamine receptors were significantly reduced in the brains of the obese animals , similar to previous reports of what happens in human drug addicts , Kenny noted .
Remarkably , when the scientists knocked down the receptor using a specialized virus , the development of addiction - like eating was dramatically accelerated .
" This addiction - like behavior happened almost from the moment we knocked down the dopamine receptors , " Kenny noted .
" The very next day after we provided access to the palatable food , their brains changed into a state that was consistent with an animal that had been overeating for several weeks .
The animals also became compulsive in their eating behaviors almost immediately .
These data are , as far as we know , the strongest support for the idea that overeating of palatable food can become habitual in the same manner and through the same mechanisms as consumption of drugs of abuse . "
Explore further Gene therapy reduces cocaine use in rats
More information : " Addiction - Like Reward Dysfunction and Compulsive Eating in Obese Rats : Role for Dopamine D2 Receptors , " Nature Neuroscience , March 28 2010 .
Perl 5 's type system has flaws .
Those flaws are fixable ( with a supreme act of will , lots of patience for discussion on p5 p , and ... years of waiting for the state of the art in writing Perl 5 code to catch up with the historical baggage of a decade and a half of buggy code ) .
Are they preventable ?
One sign of effective design is when people can use the feature correctly without training .
Subtle design cues should encourage them toward proper uses and away from ineffective and dangerous uses .
My paper shredder has a feed slot too narrow to contain my fingers , so it 's unlikely for me to harm myself with the default operation .
Of greater interest is the feature by which it refuses to operate if the top section with the blades has tilted — if I have removed that section to clear a paper jam , I do n't want the blades to run .
Arguably I should turn the shredder off and unplug it ( and I do ) , but the danger is sufficiently great that the design actively protects my tender fingers even if I have forgotten to do so .
I 've argued before that the lack of the right way to inspect capabilities of Perl 5's primitives causes bugs .
Several design misfeatures combine to cause these problems , however .
People want to know what they can do with objects and references .
The desire may be for defensive coding , or it may be to take advantage of genericity and polymorphism .
Both are valid uses .
People can know some of this information through runtime type checking and reflection .
Perl 5 offers some possibilities here , but it often answers the wrong questions .
Worse , performing these checks safely requires a lot of code with a lot of subtleties to allow a lot of rare cases that are extremely important when they occur .
Consider the unfortunate case of UNIVERSAL :: can ( the CPAN module , not the method ) .
By now , you should know why I believe that calling methods as functions is a mistake .
U : :c replaces the default can ( ) method with a custom variant which warns when invoked directly on an invocant which has its own can ( ) method .
That 's the intent , anyhow .
The logic is simple : if I 've overridden can ( ) and you ignore that by calling UNIVERSAL :: can ( $ instance_of_my_class , ' some_method ' ) ; , you 've introduced a bug .
This is not an academic , ivory tower concern over purity .
I have a fairly popular CPAN module which relies on you not writing buggy code to work properly , and I 've had way too many false bug reports that my code does n't work because of this bug .
Unfortunately , U : :c is unreliable because Perl 5 does n't give sufficient information to know how control flow eventually wound up in its can ( ) method .
The current approach works 80 % of the time ; if the invocant has an overridden can ( ) and the caller of UNIVERSAL :: can ( ) is n't a function or method named can , it 's probably a bug .
That is , it 's okay for an overridden can ( ) to call UNIVERSAL -> can ( ) , because they 've probably done so through SUPER ::can ( ) .
In all other cases , someone 's probably called it directly as a function , because if they 've called it as a method , they'd have ended up in the overridden can ( ) instead .
This is all a workaround for the fact that it 's very difficult to tell how any particular invocation happened in Perl 5 .
Within pure
Perl , I know no way of asking " Did a method call end up here ? " or " Was this a function call ? "
If I could tell that , I would n't need this workaround .
I could write code which grabs the calling code , dematerializes it to its opcodes , walks the optree until it reaches the appropriate position of the call , then looks for the op which performs method dispatch , and I know how to do all of that , but that requires lots of internal introspection I do n't want to write , introduces a few more heuristics which are tricky to get right , will be substantially slower , completely fails for XS calls , and is a lot more work than I want to perform for this task , especially when I could be doing something much more fun .
( Trying to help people not write buggy code when they do n't realize it 's buggy and they do n't want to hear it anyway is much less fun than almost anything else . )
The current heuristic has some awful flaws too .
Consider this code , inspired by actual code in autobox :
sub gen_override_for_class { my $ class = shift ; my $ can_override = sub { my $ self = shift ; return $ class -> SUPER :: can ( @_ ) ; } no strict ' refs ' ; ${ $ class . ':: can ' } = $ can_override ; }
autobox creates classes named SCALAR , HASH , ARRAY , and the like .
You can call methods on references of those types .
The gen_override_for_class ( ) function installs a can ( ) method in those classes which dispatches to the correct package .
( If you do n't understand the rationale for redispatching , that 's fine . )
Unfortunately , the U : : c heuristic fails here ... because the generated method is an anonymous function without the all - important name of can .
Yes , it 's in the right slot in the namespace , and it's a proper call of UNIVERSAL -> can ( ) , but U : : c gives a warning in this case because it can't tell that this is a method call .
A correct use of methods in Perl 5 causes a warning because code that tries to detect incorrect uses of methods in Perl 5 can't determine if a particular invocation is a method or a function call .
People use methods as functions in Perl 5 in this case because getting the method form right is difficult .
People use these functions in Perl 5 because getting the type information for primitives is difficult and subtle .
If you believe in irony , autobox should make all of the introspection easier by allowing you to call methods on primitives , adding genericity and polymorphism where Perl 5 needs it the most .
That 's several bugs all jammed together in something I 'm not sure I can fix .
Perhaps the best approach is to add a warning flag to Test :: MockObject to enable U : :c and UNIVERSAL :: isa , so that they 're not on by default and so that people getting weird behavior from buggy code will at least have the option of figuring out that the bugs are in code that uses methods as functions and not in T:: MO ... but I despair , considering the flood of new bug reports .
Some of this problem comes from Python , which also makes little distinction ( syntactic or semantic ) between functions and methods :
class Foo( object ) : def bar ( self ) : print self , ' : bar ' def baz ( param ) : print param , ' : baz ' Foo.baz = baz foo = Foo( ) foo.bar( ) foo.baz ( )
Yes , I deliberately obfuscated the Python code by naming the parameter to baz param instead of self .
( Thus I disprove the claim that it 's impossible to write unreadable Python . )
Even still , Python does get this behavior more correct , in that grabbing the first - class function from either the class itself or from an instance produces a first - class function that knows it 's all objecty :
quux = Foo.baz quux ( ' Not an object ' ) TypeError : unbound method baz ( ) must be called with Foo instance as first argument ( got str instance instead ) quux = foo.baz quux ( ' Not an object ' ) TypeError : baz ( ) takes exactly 1 argument ( 2 given )
Compare that to Perl 5 , where you can slap any old argument in that unspectacular invocant slot and get ... well , you get all of the pieces when it breaks .
Sure , at the lowest levels in a VM or a processor core , the invocation mechanism is " shuffle some args around , keep track of the current location in code , then branch somewhere else " regardless of whether you 've invoked a function , a method , a coroutine , a continuation , or an exception .
That 's fine .
Stack those turtles as high as you can .
At the language level , however , they 're all very different .
A language design should encourage people to treat them differently , even if there 's only one stack of turtles , else the apparent consistency may be a foolish and tempting consistency which produces subtle inconsistencies .
You can't prevent malicious or incompetent people from doing malicious and incompetent things and you should n't prevent clever people from doing clever things .
I believe it 's possible ( and good ! ) to encourage the rest of us to do smart and safe things .
Federal V.I.P. By Penn Jillette
[ This is a mirror of a page that used to be accessible at http://pennandteller.com/sincity/penniphile/federalvip.html
but that has been unreachable for some years ]
11/13/02
Last Thursday I was flying to LA on the Midnight flight .
I went through security my usual sour stuff .
I beeped , of course , and was shuttled to the “ toss - em ” line .
A security guy came over .
I assumed the position .
I had a button up shirt on that was untucked .
He reached around while he was behind me and grabbed around my front pocket .
I guess he was going for my flashlight , but the area could have loosely been called “ crotch . ” I said , “ You have to ask me before you touch me or it ’s assault . ”
He said , “ Once you cross that line , I can do whatever I want . ”
I said that was n’t true .
I say that I have the option of saying no and not flying .
He said , “ Are you going to let me search you , or do I just throw you out ? ”
I said , “ Finish up , and then call the police please . ”
When he was finished with my shoes , he said , “ Okay , you can go . ”
I said , “ I ’d like to see your supervisor and I ’d like LVPD to come here as well .
I was assaulted by you . ”
He said , “ You ’re free to go , there ’s no problem . ”
I said , “ I have a problem , please send someone over . ”
They sent a guy over and I said that I ’d like to register a complaint .
I insisted on his name and badge number .
I filled it out with my name .
The supervisor , I think trying to intimidate me , asked for my license , and I gave it to him happily as he wrote down information .
I kept saying , “ Please get the police , ” and they kept saying , “ You ’re free to go , we do n’t need the police . ”
I insisted and they got a higher up , female , supervisor .
I was polite , cold , and a little funny .
“ Anyone is welcome to grab my crotch , I do n’t require dinner and a movie , just ask me .
Is that asking too much ?
You wanna grab my crotch , please ask .
Does that seem like a crazy person to you ? ” I had about 4 of them standing around .
Finally Metro PD shows up .
It ’s really interesting .
First of all , the cop is a BIG P&T fan and that ai n’t hurting .
Second , I get the vibe that he is WAY sick of these federal leather - sniffers .
He has that vibe that real cops have toward renta-cops .
This is working WAY to my advantage , so I play it .
The supervisor says to the cop , ‘ He ’s free to go .
We have no problem , you do n’t have to be here . “
Which shows me that the Feds are afraid of local .
This is really cool .
She says , " We have no trouble and he does n’t want to miss his flight . ”
I say , “ I can take an early morning flight or a private jet . ” The cop says , “ If I have a citizen who is saying he was assaulted , you ca n’t just send me away . ”
I tell the cop the story , in a very funny way .
The cop , the voice of sanity says , “ What ’s wrong with you people ?
You ca n’t just grab a guy ’s crank without his permission . ”
I tell him that my genitals were n’t grabbed and the cop says , “ I do n’t care , you ca n’t do that to people .
That ’s assault and battery in my book . ”
The supervisor says that they ’ll take care of the security guy .
The cop says , “ I ’m not leaving until Penn tells me to .
Now do you want to fill out all the paper work and show up in court , because I ’ll be right there beside you . ”
The supervisor says it ’s an internal matter , and they ’ll take care of it .
“ If you want to pursue this , we ’re going to have to go through the electronic evidence . ”
I say , “ You mean videotape ?
Yeah , go get it . ”
She says , “ Well , it ’ll take a long time , and you do n’t want to miss your flight .
We have no problem with you , you ’re free to go . ”
The cop says , “ Your guy grabbed his crank .
That ai n’t right . ”
So , I fill out all the paper work and insist on a number to call to register a complaint .
She says that I filled out a complaint , and I say , “ I want more , give me another number . ” She gives me a number that I find out later has been disconnected .
I leave .
I have a card with the name and number on it and the bad 800 number for the FAA .
My flight is way delayed , so I go to Burger King with Glenn - and all the feds are now off duty and at BK and sneering at us .
The next day the woman in charge of public relations calls me to “ do anything to make my McCarran experience more enjoyable . ”
I was a little under the weather with allergies and busy , so I did n’t call back until yesterday .
It took some phone tag , but I finally got the woman on the phone .
I was very cool and sweet .
I explained the problem .
“ Do you allow your crotch to be grabbed without being asked ? ” I did n’t exaggerate , I said that there was nothing sexual , I was n’t hurt , and it was n’t my genitals .
I just said it was wrong .
She said “ Well , your feedback is really important because most people are afraid of us . ”
She said , “ I ’d love to meet you so we could clear this up , and everyone wants to meet a celebrity . ”
She said she had watched the videotape and there was no sound , but she saw him reach around .
She said she could n’t tell me what was being done to him but … and I stopped her and said , she should n’t do anything wrong .
I said that I had talked to two lawyers and they said it was really a weird case because no one knows if he can be charged with assault and battery while working in that job .
But I told her , that some of my lawyer friends really wanted to find out .
She said , “ Well , we ’re very new to this job … ” and I said , “ Yeah , so we need these test cases to find out where you stand . ”
She said , “ Well , you know a LOT about this . ”
I said , “ Well , it ’s not really the right word , but freedom is kind of a hobby with me , and I have disposable income that I ’ll spend to find out how to get people more of it . ”
She said , “ Well , the airport is very important to all of our incomes and we do n’t want bad press .
It ’ll hurt everyone , but you have to do what you think is right .
But , if you give me your itinerary every time you fly , I ’ll be at the airport with you and we can make sure it ’s very pleasant for you . ”
I have no idea what this means , does it mean that they have a special area where all the friskers are topless showgirls , “ We have nothing to hide , do you ? ” I have no idea .
She pushes me for the next time I ’m flying .
I tell her I ’m flying to Chicago around 2 on Sunday , if she wants to get that security guy there to sneer at me .
She says , she ’ll be there , and it ’ll be very easy for me .
I have no idea what this means .
I tell her that I ’m still thinking about pressing charges , and I do n’t just care about me , it ’s freedom in general .
I say the only thing that was good about it , was that while they were dealing with me , maybe they were n’t beating up people in wheelchairs .
It was amazing .
All she was trying to do was make me happy .
She said she ’d burned a CD ROM of my video and it was being sent all around and they were going to change their training .
She said , “ We ’re federal employees , we ’re working for you , you pay us and we want customer satisfaction .
It does n’t matter what the law is , we have to make you very happy so your flying experience is a pleasurable one , and most people do n’t give us this kind of intelligent feedback . ”
So , that was it .
I ’m flying on Sunday , I have no idea what will happen .
How crazy is this ?
Do I really have some sort of mysterious VIP status to shut me up ?
Should I press charges ?
She said she was going to talk to the cop .
I said he did n’t see anything .
She said , “ Well , he may be able to see the forest for the trees , because he was right there . ”
I quoted his “ crank ” comment and she laughed and then knew that was a very bad sign .
I said , “ He ’ll tell you I was polite , cold , angry , and funny ” - that ’s more than should be expected of me .
I still do n’t know what I ’m going to do , but my advice to everyone is complain all you can and call the cops .
I think it might make a little difference .
Maybe you can become a VIP too .
Penn
Working Class Hero Penn - 11/17/02
The PR person from airport security was able to placate me last week , by promising V.I.P. treatment at the airport .
The truth is I ’m not bothered by waiting in line and I do n’t really mind people grabbing my crotch .
I ’ve enjoyed both on occasion .
What I do n’t like is the loss of freedom in a country that I used to kinda sorta dig hard .
I was casually corresponding with my big cheese lawyer buddy , about my chances with a real criminal assault case against an airport security employee and he thought I was on shaky ground .
Being single , without kids , and employed in a job that pretty much keeps me in Vegas , a court case would be as little trouble for me as it could be to anyone .
The judicial system is always a stone solid drag , but if not me , who ?
And if not now , when ?
But , my buddy , was n’t pushing for me to do it , and he ’s enough of a nut to go to the Supreme Court against the blind having government mandated TV descriptions , so when he thought my battle was a bit Quixotic , I really wanted to think before tilting .
If I lost the case , and I had a good chance of doing that , there would be precedent for a pig to say , “ I can do whatever I want , ” and that bugged me .
I was also bothered by how it looked .
I did not want to be seen in a court case as a crybaby who could n’t bear to be slowed down from my busy celebrity schedule at the airport .
I would n’t be thrilled with that embarrassment .
Even the Road Penn , which goes out to people I know personally , had some people writing stuff to me about not letting myself be bought with a “ limo and a suite . ”
If people here can misunderstand my position , what hope do I have the court of public opinion ?
She asked when I was flying next and said if I could give her my itinerary she would make sure that security was “ no problem . ”
My plan was to take my special treatment with a smile and then write it up and publish wherever I could .
I thought maybe both freedom fighters , and cowards alike would be appalled at a cheesy Vegas juggler being rushed through this more - important - than - freedom - national - security .
It seemed like a good plan .
Last night Glenn asked if he should call the woman ’s office with my flight information .
I just could n’t say yes .
Even as he asked me , I blushed .
It just felt so embarrassingly evil to call up a government agency and say , “ Here ’s when to treat me better because I ’m on TV and might have access to a soapbox . ”
I had told her on the phone that I was leaving for Chicago “ around 2 , ” and I figured if she really wanted to shut me up , maybe she ’d guess my flight from there and look for me .
It seemed like a compromise with myself .
The part of me that wanted to set up the sting to bring down the pig power structure , and the side of me that would roll it ’s eyes at “ Mr Jillette will be flying to Chicago on the 2:35 United Flight and would like there to be no trouble . ”
So , I put on my jeans , pajama tops and suit coat and headed for the airport .
I stood in a long line and waited my turn .
There was no tap on the shoulder whisking me away to the “ special ” line with caviar , and topless wand rapes .
A few of the pigs made the usual jokes about “ ca n’t you just make your luggage disappear ” and complimented me on our show .
It was the usual uncomfortable interaction , as I try to be polite about the compliment while still keeping a good solid pout on about my loss of freedom .
Yup , I beeped .
Yup , I was wand raped .
He followed all the rules and did n’t grab me .
He was polite and efficient .
So , the follow - up to the last Road Penn is that nothing happened .
I guess I ’m not going to try to press charges , and I did n’t get V.I.P .
If the woman on the phone is to be believed ( and why would she ? ) , they were very upset at my complaint and my little piece of video will be part of their training .
But , the revolution will not start here .
If me , why ?
If now , why ?
But , I was sour and I really pouted a lot going through security , and … if the longest journey begins with whining , maybe the revolution starts with pouting .
A working class hero is something to be .
A working class hero is something to be .
So , if you want to be a hero , then just follow me .
Penn
It ’s now more than 25 years since products sweetened with aspartame were first launched in Europe .
In this time , the sweetener has transformed the market for low - calorie and sugar - free foods and drinks and has become the first choice for many leading brands .
Like other low - calorie sweeteners , aspartame delivers sweetness without calories , but it ’s unique in two ways :
Aspartame tastes like sugar
Aspartame is made from two amino acids .
In recent years , there has been more and more focus on the development of low - calorie foods and drinks that help consumers maintain a healthy weight and avoid obesity .
At the same time , food and drink manufacturers have become more interested in what their ingredients are made of and where they come from .
Ajinomoto believes that the time is right to remind the industry that aspartame tastes just like sugar , and that it ’s made from amino acids – the building blocks of protein that are abundant in our diet .
The name AminoSweet is appealing and memorable .
It reflects that AminoSweet comes from the same amino acids that are abundant in the food we eat every day .
Source : Ajinomoto
File this under news of the weird .
According to the UK’s The Sun , the European Patent Office had to reverse their decision denying a company the right to produce a beer called Fucking Hell , when they were able to prove that Fucking is a real town in Austria .
Or rather village , since there are only 104 people who live in Fucking , which is just 2 - 1/ 2 miles from the German border .
According to Wikipedia ,
It is believed that the settlement was founded around the 6th century by Focko , a Bavarian nobleman .
The existence of the village was documented for the first time in 1070 and historical records show that some twenty years later the lord was Adalpertus de Fucingin .
The spelling of the name has evolved over the years ; it is first recorded in historical sources with the spelling as Vucchingen in 1070 , Fukching in 1303 , Fugkhing in 1532 , and in the modern spelling Fucking in the 18th century , which is pronounced with the vowel oo as in book .
The ending - ing is an old Germanic suffix indicating the people of the root word to which it is attached ; thus Fucking means “ ( place of ) Focko ’s people . ”
Brewery spokesman Stefan Fellenberg said they plan to brew a Helles style beer .
After years of trying on vain to keep people from stealing their town ’s sign , and engaging in intercourse either in front of it or in town , the village instead decided to cash in instead .
They may have gotten the idea from nearby Wank Mountain residents , who gave them some advice recently .
Frankly , I ca n’t really blame them , though no doubt the U.S. will never give label approval .
Guns and violence , yes .
Sex , never .
Even the Sun piece would n’t print either the word Fucking or Wank even though they ’re legitimate place names .
I ’m constantly amazed at how utterly fearful we are about just … words .
Here ’s another humorous addition about the signs in the village .
“ One version of the sign features the village name with an additional sign beneath it , with the words “ Bitte — nicht so schnell ! ” , which translates from German into English as “ Please — not so fast ! ”
The lower sign – which features an illustration of two children — is meant to inform drivers to watch their speed , but tourists see this as a double - meaning coupled with the village name . ”
By Shirong Chen ,
China editor , BBC News
Families , crops and livestock have been hit hard by the drought
Severe drought is hitting China 's south - west region and in some places it is the worst drought for a century .
More than 60 million people are affected and it is estimated that billions of dollars worth of crops are now ruined .
The Chinese authorities have mobilised the armed forces to help get water to local people .
Large areas of south - west China have not had proper rainfall since October last year .
Chinese media have published pictures of parched land with deep cracks , villagers queuing at water distribution points and school children drinking what looks like muddy water .
Five Chinese provinces have been affected by the drought
In Guizhou province , many distillers of Maotai - the national alcohol drunk at banquets - have stopped production due to a shortage of spring and tap water .
Asia 's biggest waterfall , Huangguoshu , has been reduced to a trickle .
More than 90 % of the rivers and reservoirs downstream have dried up .
In Yunnan province , some villagers are travelling for up to three hours to try to find water in valleys .
The army has been ordered to help fight the water shortages .
Thousands of people will have to be relocated from remote hillsides if the drought continues .
Forecasters say there is no prospect of rain in the next few days .
As the drought continues to grip , ethnic minority groups preparing for a water - splashing festival in April are now considering alternatives .
Hot on the heels of its Wi-Fi detecting t- shirt , the kids at Think Geek have unveiled their Locked ON proximity sensing garb .
Powered by 3 AAA batteries , the shirt is constantly scanning for another just like it -- signaling when the two come in range ( a few meters ) and " locking in " once you make contact .
If you 're alone in the world ( and , let 's face it -- clothing like this just might ensure that remains the case ) , the radar screen on the shirt will be display a persistent " scanning " pattern .
We sort of wish we had one of these when we went to raves .
Retails for $ 20 -- hit the source link to order one up for yourself .
Federal Register and the Code of Federal Regulations
( 44 U.S.C. Chapter 15 )
§ 1501 . Definitions
§ 1502 . Custody and printing of Federal documents ; appointment of Director
§ 1503 .
Filing documents with Office ; notation of time ; public inspection ; transmission for printing
§ 1504 . “ Federal Register ” ; printing ; distribution ; price
§ 1505 .
Documents to be published in Federal Register
§ 1506 .
Administrative Committee of the Federal Register ; establishment and composition ; powers and duties
§ 1507 .
Filing document as constructive notice ; publication in Federal Register as presumption of validity ; judicial notice ; citation
§ 1508 .
Publication in Federal Register as notice of hearing
§ 1509 .
Cost of publication ; appropriations authorized ; penalty mail privilege
§ 1510 . Code of Federal Regulations
§ 1511 .
International agreements excluded from provisions of chapter
§ 1501 . Definitions
As used in this chapter , unless the context otherwise requires --
“ document ” means a Presidential proclamation or Executive order and an order , regulation , rule , certificate , code of fair competition , license , notice , or similar instrument , issued , prescribed , or promulgated by a Federal agency ;
“ Federal agency ” or “ agency ” means the President of the United States , or an executive department , independent board , establishment , bureau , agency , institution , commission , or separate office of the administrative branch of the Government of the United States but not the legislative or judicial branches of the Government ;
“ person ” means an individual , partnership , association , or corporation ; and
“ National Archives of the United States ” has the same meaning as in section 2901 ( 11 ) of this title .
§ 1502 . Custody and printing of Federal documents ; appointment of Director
The Archivist of the United States , acting through the Office of the Federal Register , is charged with the custody and , together with the Public Printer , with the prompt and uniform printing and distribution of the documents required or authorized to be published by section 1505 of this title .
There shall be at the head of the Office a director , appointed by , and who shall act under the general direction of , the Archivist of the United States in carrying out this chapter and the regulations prescribed under it .
§ 1503 .
Filing documents with Office ; notation of time ; public inspection ; transmission for printing
The original and two duplicate originals or certified copies of a document required or authorized to be published by section 1505 of this title shall be filed with the Office of the Federal Register , which shall be open for that purpose during all hours of the working days when the National Archives Building is open for official business .
The Archivist of the United States shall cause to be noted on the original and duplicate originals or certified copies of each document the day and hour of filing .
When the original is issued , prescribed , or promulgated outside the District of Columbia , and certified copies are filed before the filing of the original , the notation shall be of the day and hour of filing of the certified copies .
Upon filing , at least one copy shall be immediately available for public inspection in the Office .
The original shall be retained by the National Archives and Records Administration and shall be available for inspection under regulations prescribed by the Archivist , unless such original is disposed of in accordance with disposal schedules submitted by the Administrative Committee of the Federal Register and authorized by the Archivist pursuant to regulations issued under chapter 33 of this title ; however , originals of proclamations of the President and Executive orders shall be permanently retained by the Administration as part of the National Archives of the United States .
The Office shall transmit immediately to the Government Printing Office for printing , as provided by this chapter , one duplicate original or certified copy of each document required or authorized to be published by section 1505 of this title .
Every Federal agency shall cause to be transmitted for filing the original and the duplicate originals or certified copies of all such documents issued , prescribed , or promulgated by the agency .
§ 1504 . “ Federal Register ” ; printing ; contents ; distribution ; price
Documents required or authorized to be published by section 1505 of this title shall be printed and distributed immediately by the Government Printing Office in a serial publication designated the “ Federal Register . ”
The Public Printer shall make available the facilities of the Government Printing Office for the prompt printing and distribution of the Federal Register in the manner and at the times required by this chapter and the regulations prescribed under it .
The contents of the daily issues shall be indexed and shall comprise all documents , required or authorized to be published , filed with the Office of the Federal Register up to the time of the day immediately preceding the day of distribution fixed by regulations under this chapter .
There shall be printed with each document a copy of the notation , required to be made by section 1503 of this title , of the day and hour when , upon filing with the Office , the document was made available for public inspection .
Distribution shall be made by delivery or by deposit at a post office at a time in the morning of the day of distribution fixed by regulations prescribed under this chapter .
The prices to be charged for the Federal Register may be fixed by the Administrative Committee of the Federal Register established by section 1506 of this title without reference to the restrictions placed upon and fixed for the sale of Government publications by sections 1705 and 1708 of this title .
§ 1505 .
Documents to be published in Federal Register
( a) Proclamations and Executive Orders ; documents having general applicability and legal effect ; documents required to be published by Congress .
There shall be published in the Federal Register --
(1) Presidential proclamations and Executive orders , except those not having general applicability and legal effect or effective only against Federal agencies or persons in their capacity as officers , agents , or employees thereof ;
( 2 ) documents or classes of documents that the President may determine from time to time have general applicability and legal effect ; and
( 3 ) documents or classes of documents that may be required so to be published by Act of Congress .
For the purposes of this chapter every document or order which prescribes a penalty has general applicability and legal effect .
( b) Documents authorized to be published by regulations ; comments and news items excluded .
In addition to the foregoing there shall also be published in the Federal Register other documents or classes of documents authorized to be published by regulations prescribed under this chapter with the approval of the President , but comments or news items of any character may not be published in the Federal Register .
( c) Suspension of requirements for filing of documents ; alternate systems for promulgating , filing , or publishing documents ; preservation of originals .
In the event of an attack or threatened attack upon the continental United States and a determination by the President that as a result of an attack or threatened attack --
( 1 ) publication of the Federal Register or filing of documents with the Office of the Federal Register is impracticable , or
( 2 ) under existing conditions publication in the Federal Register would not serve to give appropriate notice to the public of the contents of documents , the President may , without regard to any other provision of law , suspend all or part of the requirements of law or regulation for filing with the Office or publication in the Federal Register of documents or classes of documents .
The suspensions shall remain in effect until revoked by the President , or by concurrent resolution of the Congress .
The President shall establish alternate systems for promulgating , filing , or publishing documents or classes of documents affected by such suspensions , including requirements relating to their effectiveness or validity , that may be considered under the then existing circumstances practicable to provide public notice of the issuance and of the contents of the documents .
The alternate systems may , without limitation , provide for the use of regional or specialized publications or depositories for documents , or of the press , the radio , or similar mediums of general communication .
Compliance with alternate systems of filing or publication shall have the same effect as filing with the Office or publication in the Federal Register under this chapter or other law or regulation .
With respect to documents promulgated under alternate systems , each agency shall preserve the original and two duplicate originals or two certified copies for filing with the Office when the President determines that it is practicable .
§ 1506 .
Administrative Committee of the Federal Register ; establishment and composition ; powers and duties
The Administrative Committee of the Federal Register shall consist of the Archivist of the United States or Acting Archivist , who shall be chairman , an officer of the Department of Justice designated by the Attorney General , and the Public Printer or Acting Public Printer .
The Director of the Federal Register shall act as secretary of the committee .
The committee shall prescribe , with the approval of the President , regulations for carrying out this chapter .
The regulations shall provide , among other things --
(1 ) the manner of certification of copies required to be certified under section 1503 of this title , which certification may be permitted to be based upon confirmed communications from outside the District of Columbia ;
( 2 ) the documents which shall be authorized under section 1505 ( b ) of this title to be published in the Federal Register ;
(3 ) the manner and form in which the Federal Register shall be printed , reprinted , compiled , indexed , bound , and distributed ;
( 4 ) the number of copies of the Federal Register , which shall be printed , reprinted , and compiled , the number which shall be distributed without charge to Members of Congress , officers and employees of the United States , or Federal agency , for official use , and the number which shall be available for distribution to the public ; and
( 5 ) the prices to be charged for individual copies of , and subscriptions to , the Federal Register and reprints and bound volumes of it .
§ 1507 .
Filing document as constructive notice ; publication in Federal Register as presumption of validity ; judicial notice ; citation
A document required by section 1505 ( a ) of this title to be published in the Federal Register is not valid as against a person who has not had actual knowledge of it until the duplicate originals or certified copies of the document have been filed with the Office of the Federal Register and a copy made available for public inspection as provided by section 1503 of this title .
Unless otherwise specifically provided by statute , filing of a document , required or authorized to be published by section 1505 of this title , except in cases where notice by publication is insufficient in law , is sufficient to give notice of the contents of the document to a person subject to or affected by it .
The publication in the Federal Register of a document creates a rebuttable presumption --
(1 ) that it was duly issued , prescribed , or promulgated ;
( 2 ) that it was filed with the Office of the Federal Register and made available for public inspection at the day and hour stated in the printed notation ;
( 3 ) that the copy contained in the Federal Register is a true copy of the original ; and
( 4 ) that all requirements of this chapter and the regulations prescribed under it relative to the document have been complied with .
The contents of the Federal Register shall be judicially noticed and without prejudice to any other mode of citation , may be cited by volume and page number .
§ 1508 .
Publication in Federal Register as notice of hearing
A notice of hearing or of opportunity to be heard , required or authorized to be given by an Act of Congress , or which may otherwise properly be given , shall be deemed to have been given to all persons residing within the States of the Union and the District of Columbia , except in cases where notice by publication is insufficient in law , when the notice is published in the Federal Register at such a time that the period between the publication and the date fixed in the notice for the hearing or for the termination of the opportunity to be heard is --
(1 ) not less than the time specifically prescribed for the publication of the notice by the appropriate Act of Congress ; or
( 2 ) not less than fifteen days when time for publication is not specifically prescribed by the Act , without prejudice , however , to the effectiveness of a notice of less than fifteen days where the shorter period is reasonable .
§ 1509 .
Costs of publication , etc .
(a) The cost of printing reprinting , wrapping , binding , and distributing the Federal Register and the Code of Federal Regulations , and , except as provided in subsection ( b ) , other expenses incurred by the Government Printing Office in carrying out the duties placed upon it by this chapter shall be charged to the revolving fund provided in section 309 .
Reimbursements for such costs and expenses shall be made by the Federal agencies and credited , together with all receipts , as provided in section 309 ( b ) .
( b) The cost of printing , reprinting , wrapping , binding , and distributing all other publications of the Federal Register program , and other expenses incurred by the Government Printing Office in connection with such publications , shall be borne by the appropriations to the Government Printing Office and the appropriations are made available , and are authorized to be increased by additional sums necessary for the purposes , the increases to be based upon estimates submitted by the Public Printer .
§ 1510 . Code of Federal Regulations
( a) The Administrative Committee of the Federal Register , with the approval of the President , may require , from time to time as it considers necessary , the preparation and publication in special or supplemental editions of the Federal Register of complete codifications of the documents of each agency of the Government having general applicability and legal effect , issued or promulgated by the agency by publication in the Federal Register or by filing with the Administrative Committee , and are relied upon by the agency as authority for , or are invoked or used by it in the discharge of , its activities or functions , and are in effect as to facts arising on or after dates specified by the Administrative Committee .
( b) A codification published under subsection ( a ) of this section shall be printed and bound in permanent form and shall be designated as the “ Code of Federal Regulations . ”
The Administrative Committee shall regulate the binding of the printed codifications into separate books with a view to practical usefulness and economical manufacture .
Each book shall contain an explanation of its coverage and other aids to users that the Administrative Committee may require .
A general index to the entire Code of Federal Regulations shall be separately printed and bound .
( c) The Administrative Committee shall regulate the supplementation and the collation and republication of the printed codifications with a view to keeping the Code of Federal Regulations as current as practicable .
Each book shall be either supplemented or collated and republished at least once each calendar year .
(d) The Office of the Federal Register shall prepare and publish the codifications , supplements , collations , and indexes authorized by this section .
(e) The codified documents of the several agencies published in the supplemental edition of the Federal Register under this section , as amended by documents subsequently filed with the Office and published in the daily issues of the Federal Register , shall be prima facie evidence of the text of the documents and of the fact that they are in effect on and after the date of publication .
( f) The Administrative Committee shall prescribe , with the approval of the President , regulations for carrying out this section .
(g) This section does not require codification of the text of Presidential documents published and periodically compiled in supplements to Title 3 of the Code of Federal Regulations .
§ 1511 .
International agreements excluded from provisions of chapter
This chapter does not apply to treaties , conventions , protocols , and other international agreements , or proclamations thereof by the President .
Britain's set to introduce a law that can send you to jail for a decade for taking a picture of a cop :
The new set of rules , under section 76 of the 2008 Act and section 58A of the 2000 Act , will target anyone who 'elicits or attempts to elicit information about ( members of armed forces ) … which is of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism ' .
A person found guilty of this offence could be liable to imprisonment for up to 10 years , and to a fine .
The law is expected to increase the anti-terrorism powers used today by police officers to stop photographers , including press photographers , from taking pictures in public places .
' Who is to say that police officers wo n't abuse these powers , ' asks freelance photographer Justin Tallis , who was threatened by an officer last week .
Tallis , a London - based photographer , was covering the anti-BBC protest on Saturday 24 January when he was approached by a police officer .
Tallis had just taken a picture of the officer , who then asked to see the picture .
The photographer refused , arguing that , as a press photographer , he had a right to take pictures of police officers .
According to Tallis , the officer then tried to take the camera away .
Before giving up , the officer said that Tallis ' should n't have taken that photo , you were intimidating me ' .
The incident was caught on camera by photojournalist Marc Vallee .
Another way to say “ collapse of the currency ” is to say “ hyperinflation . ”
Hyperinflation is when inflation feeds on itself and takes off beyond control .
You can have stable 2 to 3 percent inflation .
But you ca n’t have stable 10 percent inflation .
When everybody assumes 10 percent , all the forces that produced 10 percent push it to 20 percent , and then 40 percent , and soon people are lugging currency in a wheelbarrow , as in the famous photos from Weimar Germany .
Thirty years ago , we peered into this abyss and pulled back just in time .
As inflation neared its peak of more than 13 percent , Jimmy Carter appointed Paul Volcker as chairman of the Federal Reserve Board .
Using his control over the money supply , Volcker purposely plunged us into a deep recession , which is the only certain remedy .
Carter got blamed for both the inflation and the recession that cured it .
The columnist Robert Samuelson tells the story in his book , just out in paperback , The Great Inflation and Its Aftermath .
Even 13 percent inflation was a nightmare .
A stable currency is firm ground on which you can build a life .
Inflation turns life into Through the Looking - Glass : you have to run faster and faster to stay in the same place .
Saving is for suckers , and money needs to be spent sooner rather than later .
Planning even a year or two ahead becomes nearly impossible .
Worst of all , economically , the hard knocks and lucky breaks of life , which people generally accept when they are distributed by fate , become politicized , and therefore embittering .
Stop fighting , and you start losing .
Furthermore , as Samuelson notes , the damage is more than just economic .
These days everyone is disenchanted with civic institutions and government .
They hate the press , they loathe Congress , and so on .
Studies by foundations puzzle over why .
Was it the ’60s ?
No , it was the late ’ 70s and early ’ 80s , when government failed to deliver on its obligation to provide a stable currency .
Samuelson worries that “ the entire episode ” may “ slip from our collective consciousness . ”
I ’ll spare you the Santayana and just say that if we are doomed to repeat this particular bit of the recent past , the press has failed in its self - imposed obligation to be the “ first draft of history . ”
According to the considerable discussion of inflation on the Web , my alarm is misguided .
Every economist I admire , from Paul Krugman and Larry Summers on down , is convinced that inflation will remain low for as long as we can predict .
Greg Mankiw , who was George W. Bush ’s economic adviser , has examined the evidence in his New York Times column and concluded that a return of debilitating inflation is pretty unlikely ( although “ current monetary and fiscal policy is so far outside the bounds of historical norms ” that who can say for sure ? ) .
Krugman has charged that inflation fearmongering is a nefarious Republican plot .
The Congressional Budget Office ( usually known by its nickname , “ the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office ” ) projects inflation rates of less than 2 percent for the next decade .
Some say the real danger is the opposite : deflation , or prices ( and wages ) going down across the board .
Iggy Pop has vowed to stop stagediving after suffering a nasty fall at a recent show .
The singer , 62 , revealed he dived for the last time during a gig at New York ‘s Carnegie Hall .
However , none of the audience caught him , leaving The Stooges ‘ frontman bruised .
Pop reckoned that the audience were not expecting him to stagedive , reports Jam !
Showbiz :
Advertisement
“ When I landed it hurt and I made a mental note that Carnegie Hall would be a good place for my last stagedive , ” he said .
“ The audience were just like , ‘ What are you doing ? ' ”
Pop recently said that The Stooges are planning to record new material following their ‘ Raw Power ’ tour , which calls at All Tomorrow ’s Parties on May 7 - 9 .
Undaunted , Andrews built a single - hull airship that moved sideways .
To explain how the craft flew , he published a booklet subtitled “ Without Eccentricity , There Is No Progression . ”
Andrews may not have meant the double entendre , but his statement was prescient , for the evolution of airships has been marked by the efforts of many eccentrics .
In the 1960s , a passionate Presbyterian minister started the Aereon Corporation to build a tri-hull airship to haul missionary cargo , but the craft never got off the ground .
Aereon ’s next effort , a triangle shape that writer John McPhee dubbed the “ Deltoid Pumpkin Seed , ” was a hybrid , meaning it got some of its lift from its aerodynamic shape , and the rest from its engine .
The prototype flew in 1971 , but again , no funding for development followed .
Why have so many airship projects failed to get off the ground ?
In part , says Jim Thiele , president of American Blimp , which worked with Lockheed on the P - 791 , it ’s because airships look deceptively simple , attracting dreamers with visions bigger than their technological expertise or ability to deliver .
And those failures have given airships a “ giggle factor ” that makes it difficult for other companies to obtain development money or contracts .
Technical obstacles also abound .
Traditional blimps require ground crews and mooring equipment , and they ’re notoriously squirrelly on the ground .
Moreover , off - loading heavy cargo without re-ballasting presents problems for lighter - than - air vehicles .
But fly - by - wire technology , vectored - thrust engines , hybrid designs , and new superstrong , superlight materials have solved many of those challenges .
Lockheed ’s experimental P - 791 , for example , is a hybrid and uses a hovercraft - type landing system that cushions the landing and then reverses to “ suck ” the craft down on the ground for off - loading .
So if the technology is there , why have n’t we seen advanced airships and hybrids taking to the skies ?
In part , politics — it ’s hard to displace existing technology that has entrenched camps of support .
And no need has been great enough to justify the expense of development and to overcome those political hurdles — until now .
“ I do n’t think it ’s airship technology that ’s changed as much as the services have come around to an interest in what the airship offers , ” says Air Force Colonel Paul Hastert , one of the Pentagon ’s lead officers on the new Long Endurance Multi- intelligence Vehicle the military wants in Afghanistan by the end of 2011 .
The unmanned LEMV will reduce the need for risky special - ops reconnaissance missions by staying “ on station ” at 20,000 feet for three weeks , with high - resolution cameras and sensors that can backtrack from an explosion to find who planted the bomb , and where they went .
No existing platform can do that .
And if the LEMV becomes an accepted part of the military air fleet , it might pave the way for a cargo version that can fly faster than a ship sails , carry more than an airplane , and land almost anywhere .
As Solomon Andrews observed , the path of forward progress is sometimes less than straight .
El presidente Andrés Manuel López Obrador aseguró que la iniciativa de Ley de Amnistía que envió al Congreso es para que las personas con menos delitos y la gente más humilde , salga de las cárceles .
En conferencia de prensa en Palacio Nacional , negó que la iniciativa busque liberar a personas relacionadas al delito contra la salud ( narcotráfico ) .
Refirió que su iniciativa busca liberar a personas acusadas de delitos no graves , y tras un análisis profundo de cada caso y con autorización de las víctimas .
“ En este caso , esta iniciativa en particular tiene que ver con la gente humilde que no fue asistida , que no tuvo abogados , es dejar en libertad a indígenas que están en las cárceles de manera injusta , mujeres , ancianos , quienes no tuvieron una defensa adecuada , que no se les asistió , no se les ayudó ; y los delitos por los que son acusados no son graves , no son delitos de sangre , de violencia .
“ Y también se sigue viendo por los procedimientos normales del desistimiento , sobre todo de quienes acusan y de las autoridades a los que consideramos presos políticos .
“ Por ejemplo , en el caso de los maestros que fueron a la cárcel acusados de lavado de dinero , que se demostró que fueron fabricados esos delitos , ahí se sigue otro procedimiento , ese procedimiento es más tardado , más complicado , pero se está llevando a cabo .
“ Lo de la iniciativa de ley de amnistía es para que salgan más con - vamos a decir- menos delitos y gente más humilde de las cárceles ” , comentó .
El Primer Mandatario dijo que el plan de paz para la seguridad que propuso tiene que ver con “ eslabones ” , comenzando por la atención a los jóvenes , la conformación de la Guardia Nacional , “ que necesitamos ampliarla en número de elementos , pero que ya está tomando cuerpo , que nos hacía mucha falta tener este cuerpo especializado para garantizar la seguridad pública ” .
Otro eslabón , dijo , es la campaña para disminuir el consumo de drogas ; otro , que no se permita la corrupción y se garantice la impartición de justicia .
“ Otro más es que se respeten los derechos humanos , que no haya razias , que no haya masacres ; que el Estado , como ha sucedido , deje de ser el principal violador de los derechos humanos .
El que todos los días estemos atendiendo el asunto , eso también contribuye , el que estemos actuando de manera coordinada la Secretaría de la Defensa , la Secretaría de Marina , la Secretaría de Seguridad Pública , Gobernación , en fin , que se esté avanzando de esta manera ” , aseveró .
jmonroy@eleconomista.com.mx
Our ultimate Pie vs.
Cake tournament is off and running !
No big upsets just yet , but today 's competitors will turn up the heat .
Place your bets now .
Advertisement
[ The original bracket and tournament guidelines are available here . ]
Advertisement
Yesterday 's kickoff brought no surprises — your bracket is safe for now , with the top seeds moving forward : Birthday Cake stomped all over Fruitcake , and Apple Pie breezed past Grasshopper ( though Grasshopper did pull almost 1/5 of the vote , an outcome deserving of respect ) .
And what gladiators will be entering the coliseum today ?
Starting now , we 're going to up the daily ante with two matchups per conference — that means four crucial votes every day .
Today 's tournament action : From the Cake Conference , it 's # 5 Coffee facing off against # 12 Bundt , and the tense rivalry between # 8 Angel Food and # 9 Pound Cake will take to the court .
Over in the Pie Conference , it 's # 5 Peanut Butter vs. # 12 Boston Cream , plus # 8 Pecan against # 9 Banana Cream .
It 's bound to be a helluva match .
Be sure to scroll down and vote in all four matchups .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The polls will close tomorrow at 2:55 pm EDT .
Winners announced and voting to resume on Monday .
Now make some noise !
Advertisement
Advertisement
Earlier : March Madness : The Cake vs. Pie Tournament
Energy surplus is defined broadly as the amount of energy left over after the costs of obtaining the energy have been accounted for .
The energy literature is quite rich with papers and books that emphasize the importance of energy surplus as a necessary criteria for allowing for the survival and growth of many species including humans , as well as human endeavors , including the development of science , art , culture and indeed civilization itself .
Most of us who have thought about this issue deeply would even say that energy surplus is the best general way to think about how different societies evolved over time .
To chemists Frederick Soddy and William Ostwald , anthropologist Leslie White , archeologist Joseph Tainter , historian John Perlin , systems ecologist Howard T. Odum , sociologist Frederick Cottrell , economist Nicolas Georgescu - Roegan , energy scientist Vaclav Smil and a number of others in these and other disciplines , human history , including contemporary events , is essentially about exploiting energy and the technologies to do so .
EROI theory is rooted in the biological principle that in order to survive each species on earth must procure more energy from its food than it expends attaining that food .
From this basic principle the importance of energy surplus became evident , as food sources needed to “ pay ” not only for metabolism but also for reproduction and storage for leaner times .
Part 1 of this three part series presents a brief history of the concept of surplus energy and how it has influenced both biological and human evolution .
While each acknowledges that other issues such as human culture , nutrient cycling , and entropy ( among many others ) can be important , each is of the opinion that it is energy itself , and especially surplus energy , that is key .
Survival , military efficacy , wealth , art and even civilization itself was believed by all of the above investigators to be a product of surplus energy .
For these authors the issue is not simply whether there is surplus energy but how much , what kind ( quality ) , and at what rate it is delivered .
The interplay of those three factors determined net energy and hence the ability of a given society to divert attention from life - sustaining needs such as agriculture or the attainment of water towards luxuries such as art and scholarship .
Indeed humans could not possibly have made it this far through evolutionary time , or even from one generation to the next , without there being some kind of net positive energy , and they could not have constructed such comprehensive cities , civilizations or wasted so much in war without there being substantial surplus energy in the past .
1.2 . Surplus Energy and Biological Evolution
The interplay of biological evolution and surplus energy is far more general , as emphasized a half century ago by Kleiber , Morowitz , Odum and others .
Plants and animals are subjected to fierce selective pressure to do the “ right thing ” energetically ; that is to insure that whatever major activity that they undertake gains more energy than it costs , and beyond that gets a larger energy net return than either alternative activities or their competitors .
It is obvious that a cheetah , for example , has to catch more energy in its prey than it takes to stalk it and run it down , and considerably more to make it through lean times and also to reproduce .
Plants too must make an energy profit to supply net resources for growth and reproduction , as can be seen easily in most clearings in evergreen forests where living boughs on a tree that are in the clearing are usually lower down than they are in the more densely forested and hence shaded side of the tree .
If the bough does not carry its weight energetically , that is if its photosynthesis is not greater than the respiratory maintenance metabolism of supporting that bough , the bough will die ( or perhaps even be sloughed off by the rest of the tree ) .
( image )
Every plant and every animal must conform to this iron “ law ” of evolutionary energetics : if you are to survive you must produce or capture more energy than you use to obtain it , if you are to reproduce you must have a large surplus beyond metabolic needs , and if your species are to prosper over evolutionary time you must have a very large surplus for the average individual to compensate for the large losses that occur to the majority of the population .
In other words every surviving individual and species needs to do things that gain more energy than they cost , and those species that are successful in an evolutionary sense are those that generate a great deal of surplus energy that allows them to become abundant and to spread .
While we are unaware of any official pronouncement of this idea as a law , it seems to us to be so self - obvious that we might as well call it a law – the law of minimum EROI - unless anyone can think of any objections .
While probably most biologists tacitly accept this law ( if they have thought about the issue ) it is not particularly emphasized in biological teaching .
Instead biology in the last century focused mostly on fitness ; that is on the ability of organisms to propel their genes into the future through continuation and expansion of populations of species .
But in fact energetics is an essential consideration as to what is and what is not fit , and many believe that the total energy balance of an organism is the key to understanding fitness .
It took the development of double - labeled isotopes and the exquisite experimental procedures by the likes of Thomas et al . [ 10 ] to show how powerfully net energy controlled fitness .
Thomas et al. studied tits ( chickadees ) in France and Corsica and found that those birds that timed their migrations , nest building , and births of their young to coincide with the seasonal availability of large caterpillars , which in turn were dependant upon the timing of the vernalization of the oak leaves they fed upon , had a much greater surplus energy than their counterparties that missed the caterpillars .
They fledged more , larger and hence more - likely - to - survive young while also greatly increasing their own probability to return the next year to breed again .
Those of their offspring that inherited the proper “ calendar ” for migration and nesting were in turn far more likely to have successful mating and so on .
Tomas et al.
also showed how the natural evolutionary pattern was being disrupted by climate change ; the tits that tended to get to their nesting sites too late to capitalize upon the caterpillars , who were emerging earlier in response to earlier leaf out , had lower survival rates .
Presumably as climate warming continues natural selection will favor those tits which happened to have genes that told them to move North a bit earlier .
Howard Odum has argued that it is not just the net energy obtained but the power , that is the useful energy per unit time , that is critical in an evolutionary context .
From this perspective there is generally a tradeoff between the rate and the efficiency for any given process ; that is , the more rapidly a process occurs the lower its efficiency , and vice versa .
Under a given set of environmental conditions it is not advantageous to be extremely efficient at the expense of the rate of exploitation , nor to be extremely rapid at the expense of efficiency .
For example , a trout that feeds on drifting food in a rapidly flowing stream will acquire large amounts of food drifting by but at a low efficiency ; i.e. much of the energy surplus created by the consumption of a large amount of food is spent in muscle contraction for the trout so that it can fight the faster current .
Likewise a trout in slow water can be very efficient because its swimming costs are lower , but the slower water brings with it less food , and thus the overall energy surplus will be limited by the lower rate at which food is provided .
Dominant trout will pick an optimum intermediate current speed , which will result in faster growth and more offspring [ 11 ] .
Subdominant trout will be found in water moving a little faster or a little slower .
In some experiments trout with no competitive power will be found drifting aimlessly in still water slowly starving to death .
This kind of tradeoff can be found throughout the plant and animal kingdoms and even rates of power plant operation in industrial society [ 12 ] .
It explains why we must shift gears to stay near the middle of each gear range in a stick shift car when we want to accelerate , and why most businessmen once chose to take jumbo jets to cross the Atlantic rather than the Concorde or ocean liners .
In fact it can be used to explain why the Concorde went extinct , and perhaps why the second Queen Mary was much smaller than the first .
Of course life in all of its diversity also has a diversity of energy life styles that have been selected for - sloths are just as evolutionarily successful as cheetahs , while warm blooded animals pay for their superior ability to forage in cold weather with a higher energy cost to maintain an elevated body temperature – the list is endless .
Yet there remains a rate - efficiency tradeoff within each lifestyle .
While drift - feeding trout choose areas of intermediate current to maximize the energy surplus , suckers have “ chosen ” through natural selection ( i.e. have been selected for ) to maximize energy surplus by processing lower quality food on the bottom , and probably have an optimum power output for that set of environmental conditions .
Nevertheless each life style must be able to turn in an energy profit sufficient to survive , reproduce and make it through tough times .
There are few , if any , examples of extant species that barely make an energy profit – for each has to pay for not only their maintenance metabolism but also their “ depreciation ” and “ research and development ” ( i.e. evolution ) , just as a business must , out of current income .
Thus their energy profit must be sufficient to mate , raise their young , “ pay ” the predators and the pathogens and adjust to environmental change through sufficient surplus reproduction to allow evolution .
Only those organisms with a sufficient net output and sufficient power ( i.e. useful energy gained per time ) are able to undertake this through evolutionary time , and indeed some 99 plus percent of all species that have ever lived on the planet are no longer with us – their “ technology ” was not adequate , or adequately flexible , to supply sufficient net energy to balance gains against losses as their environment changed .
Given losses to predation , nesting failures and the requirements of energy for many other things the energy surplus needs to be quite substantial for the species to survive in time .
2. Application to Human Populations
Likewise human populations must generate sufficient net energy to survive , reproduce and adapt to changing conditions .
Humans must first feed themselves before attending to other issues .
While people in most industrial societies today hardly worry about getting enough to eat , for much of the world and much of humanity ’s history and prehistory getting enough food was the most important issue .
For at least 98 percent of the 2 or so million years that we have been recognizably human the principal technology by which we as humans have fed ourselves , that is obtained the energy we need for life , has been that of hunting and gathering .
Contemporary hunter gatherers -- such as the !
Kung of the Kalahari desert in southern Africa -- are probably as close to our long term ancestors as we will be able to understand .
Most hunter - gatherer humans were probably little different from cheetahs or trout in that their principal economic focus is on obtaining food and for getting their requirement for surplus energy directly from their environment .
Studies by anthropologists such as Lee [ 13 ] and Rapaport [ 14 ] confirmed that indeed present - day ( or at least recent ) hunter - gatherers and shifting cultivators acted in ways that appeared to maximize their own energy return on investment .
According to such anthropological studies as we have , the ! Kung life style , under normal circumstances , generates a quite positive energy return on investment ( i.e. generates a large surplus ) from their desert environment , perhaps an average of some 10 Kcal returned per their own Kcal invested in hunting and gathering .
In normal times these cultures had plenty to eat , and the people tended to use their time made available from their relatively high EROI lifestyles in socializing , child - care and story telling .
The downside was that there were periodic tough times , such as droughts , during which starvation was a possibility .
It is probable that our ancestors had a fairly positive EROI for much of the time , although periodic droughts , diseases and wars must have occasionally , or perhaps routinely , taken a large toll .
Thus even though they had a relatively high EROI , perhaps 10:1 , their populations tended to be relatively stable over a very long time , for human populations barely grew from thousands of years before Christ until about 1900 .
Thus even the relatively high energy return was not enough to generate much in the way of net population growth over time .
The rate at which plants and animals can exploit their own resource base changes slowly through evolution .
All must adapt to climate and other changes , and animals must also adapt to the fact that their food is also going through its own defensive evolutionary changes .
Humans are different , for the human brain , language and the written word have allowed for much more rapid cultural evolution .
The most important of these changes were energy - related : the development of energy - concentrating spear points and knife blades , agriculture as a means to concentrate solar energy for human use , and more recently the exploitation of wind and water power and , of particular interest to this paper , fossil fuels .
What is important from our perspective is that each of these cultural adaptations is part of a continuum in which humans increase the rate at which they exploit additional resources from nature , including both energy and non-energy resources .
The development of agriculture allowed the redirection of the photosynthetic energy captured on the land from the many diverse species in a natural ecosystem to the few species of plants ( called cultivars ) that humans can and wish to eat , or to the grazing animals that humans controlled .
Curiously the massive increase in food production per unit of land brought on by agriculture did not , over the long run , on average , increase human nutrition but mostly just increased the numbers of people [ 15 ] .
Of course it also allowed the development of cities , bureaucracies , hierarchies , the arts , more potent warfare and so on – that is , all that we call civilization , as nicely developed by Jared Diamond in Guns , Germs and Steel [ 16 ] .
Throughout most of human history , humans themselves did most of the work , often as slaves but more generally as physical laborers which , in one way or another , most humans were .
Over time humans increased their control of energy through technology , although for thousands of years most of the energy used was animate -- people or draft animals -- and derived from recent solar energy .
A second very important source of energy was from wood , which has been recounted in fascinating detail in Perlin [ 17 ] , Pointing [ 18 ] and Smil [ 19 ] .
Massive areas of the Earth ’s surface – Peloponnesia , India , parts of England and many others have been deforested three or more times as civilizations have cut down the trees for fuel or materials , prospered from the newly cleared agricultural land and then collapsed as fuel and soil become depleted .
Archeologist Joseph Tainter [ 20 ] recounts the general tendency of humans to build up civilizations of increasing reach and infrastructure that eventually exceeded the energy available to that society .
In summary , it seems obvious that both natural biological systems subject to natural selection and the pre-industrial civilizations that preceded ourselves were highly dependant upon maintaining not just a bare energy surplus from organic sources but rather a substantial energy surplus that allowed for the support of the entire system in question – whether of an evolving natural population or a civilization .
Most of the earlier civilizations that left artifacts that we now visit and marvel at – pyramids , ancient cities , monuments and so on – had to have had a huge energy surplus for this to happen , although we can hardly calculate what that was .
An important question for today is to what degree does the past critical importance of surplus energy apply to contemporary civilization with its massive although possibly threatened energy surpluses .
Today the Obama Administration unveiled its new budget for NASA , which included a shocker : Plans to return to the Moon have been scrapped .
So why are we optimistic ?
Because Obama 's budget rewards science , and lays groundwork for human space colonies .
Advertisement
The big news from the budget , which has not yet been approved by Congress , is that it phases out the Constellation Program , which was the Bush Administration 's project to send humans back to the Moon in a remake of the Apollo 11 mission .
Looked at another way :
The budget junks a backward - looking program and funds a brand - new one that will focus on developing new space technologies , exploring the solar system with robots , and pushing humans closer to living offworld .
Advertisement
What The Budget Really Says : Robotic Exploration , New Engines , and Geoscience
If you 're excited about going to space , you should n't be disappointed about the Constellation Program .
Many have mistaken today 's budget news to mean that the US is retreating from space , or that we can no longer afford a space program .
In fact , that is untrue .
Obama has proposed a budget increase to NASA of $ 6 billion over five years .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Under the new budget , we 'd see a revamped NASA program focused on scientific innovation , rather than recreating old experiments .
Specifically , as NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden said today :
[ One program ] funded at $ 7.8 billion over five years , will invent and demonstrate large - scale , new and novel approaches to spaceflight such as in - orbit fuel depots and rendezvous and docking technologies , and closed - loop life support systems so that our future robotic and human exploration missions are both highly capable and more affordable . . .
[ Another program ] provides $ 3 billion over five years for robotic exploration precursor missions that will pave the way for later human exploration of the moon , Mars and nearby asteroids .
Advertisement
If this budget passes Congress , it would be a major step toward a common - sense approach to space colonization that involves robots and brand - new approaches to human spaceflight .
The new budget also earmarks over $ 3 billion for what Bolden calls " new engines , propellants , materials and combustion processes , ultimately leading to innovative ways of accessing space to go beyond low Earth orbit . "
An additional $ 4.9 billion goes to generalized space technology research , and $ 2 billion goes to satellites that will help observe climate change and other Earth processes .
This is a boon to geoscience , and will give us more data than ever on how to predict what will happen as our climate transforms .
Advertisement
Again , notice that a lot of this money is going into innovation and funding for the basic sciences that will spawn crazy new technologies for everything from space habitats to terraforming .
The idea is to pump money into research so that the next time humans explore space we 'll know a hell of a lot more about it and can establish viable communities in orbit , on the Moon , or on other planets .
Privatizing Space Flight
Another part of the proposal that makes a lot of sense is that Obama is ceding space flight development to the private sector .
He cited SpaceX and other aerospace companies who are very close to launching humans into orbit .
So the government would be partnering with private industry to send astronauts to space .
In addition , the budget calls for an extension to the International Space Station project - possibly into 2020 .
Funding will be provided to turn the ISS into a scientific laboratory to help us understand what 's required to live in space .
Hopefully , by 2015 , companies like SpaceX will be ferrying astronauts to the ISS .
Advertisement
The budget also suggests that the US should work closely with the international research and aerospace community to share resources , much the way we share the ISS .
Let 's work together as a planet to explore space .
Drawbacks
Phil Plait , who runs Bad Astronomy , says that Obama 's plan is solid - especially because it allocates so much funding to science .
But he worries that it will get bogged down in Congress :
The other thing to remember is that this must pass Congress first .
I honestly do n't think that will happen .
For one thing , two many Congresscritters have too big a stake in NASA to let go ; if you do n't believe me , read this article where Alabama Congressmen complain about the new budget .
When Republicans whine about privatizing something , you know you 're in for a fight , and it's not like Congressional Democrats have n't been all that useful in backing up Obama 's plans .
Advertisement
Representatives from Florida and Texas , where there are NASA facilities , have also expressed concern about the plan .
One of the issues that concerns me the most is what will happen to all the talented NASA employees who have been working on Constellation and related projects .
If NASA 's plan is to outsource the development of space vehicles that can carry human cargo , then thousands of jobs will evaporate .
Florida alone anticipates losing 7,000 jobs when the Space Shuttle program ends next year .
Earlier today Obama told reporters , " We expect to support as many if not more jobs with the 2011 budget , " but those will not be the same jobs .
My hope is that some of this budget money that 's been allocated for private sector companies can also be used to place NASA engineers into private sector aerospace jobs .
We need to encourage knowledge transfer from NASA to private industry .
That way , aerospace companies wo n't have to start from square one as they push humans into orbit .
Advertisement
Why You Should Be Optimistic
Despite the obvious problems - Congressional approval and job loss - I remain optimistic about the US space program , and NASA 's role in it .
Advertisement
In Kim Stanley Robinson 's classic Red Mars trilogy about colonizing Mars , he offers a scenario very like the one we 're poised to create with Obama 's new strategy .
Before humans set foot on the Red Planet , a gang of robots are sent ahead to scout habitable locations and construct living quarters .
This is by far the most feasible way of colonizing space :
It makes no sense to send humans out at great risk and cost to break ground on colonies that can be more easily built by robots .
That 's why we need to be investing now in the technologies that will make such a scenario possible - and Obama 's plan takes great strides toward that .
Even Buzz Aldrin , often an outspoken critic of the space program , is on board with Obama 's plan .
In a statement , Aldrin said :
I also believe the steps we will be taking following the President 's direction will best position NASA and other space agencies to send humans to Mars and other exciting destinations as quickly as possible .
To do that , we will need to support many types of game - changing technologies NASA and its partners will be developing .
Mars is the next frontier for humankind , and NASA will be leading the way there if we aggressively support the President 's plans .
Advertisement
Here 's to the next phase in the whole Earth space program .
Let 's get serious about colonizing space , instead of just leaving footprints there .
Mars colony image by Gusti Boucher .
Shell plan to cut up to 9,000 jobs could result in hundreds of fewer jobs in Canada
9 hours
Last weekend , a group of lovely scifi fans were dressing up and stripping down at AM Preacher 's Sci-Fi Burlesque show at Hellgate Social in Astoria .
Seven and Six were there , as were Leeloo , Tank Girl , and Starbuck .
See the gallery !
Starring Arden Leigh as Catwoman and Caprica Six , Hazel Honeysuckle as Leeloo Dallas and Seven of Nine , Lily Stitches as Tank Girl and the Silk Spectre , and Rubie Fizz as Starbuck and Sookie Stackhouse .
( Thanks , Hazel Honeysuckle ! )
Seven of Nine explains it all to you .
Advertisement
Leeloo definitely has a burlesque outfit .
Advertisement
Oh my , Leeloo !
Advertisement
Six vamps it up .
Advertisement
Silk Spectre gets ready to take it off .
Advertisement
Seven of Nine
Advertisement
I always knew that 's what Seven had under her shiny top .
Advertisement
Six , another burlesque - ready scifi dame .
Egypt : Opposition politicians jailed
Egyptian police last week arrested over 30 members of the Muslim Brotherhood including deputy head Mahmoud Ezzat and two other leaders .
The reason given was participation in banned political activities .
Speculation is rampant , according to Al Jazeera , that the arrests represent Mubarak government precautions in anticipation of elections later this year , a common scenario in recent years .
Although banned since 1954 , Brotherhood candidates , running as independents , won 20 percent of parliamentary seats in 2005 .
The movement chose Mohammed Badi as its new leader in January .
The Muslim Brotherhood has pioneered in combining political activity and charity work , observes the BBC .
Brotherhood leader Gamal Nassar told Al Jazeera : “ The arrests will definitely affect Egypt ’s image , both internally and externally . ”
Sri Lanka : Human rights abuses charged
Almost a year after the 30 - year - long Tamil insurgency ended , the government faces charges that 11,000 suspected rebels in prison are at risk for torture and are being held incommunicado .
Human Rights
Watch last month issued a report based on interviews with family members and humanitarian workers claiming that prisoners in “ legal limbo for months ” are held indefinitely and arbitrarily .
Children are included and Red Cross services are denied .
Government refusal to release names has fed suspicion that some people languishing in detention camps are mere sympathizers or those forced to assist rebel fighters .
Government spokespersons cited by Inter Press Service say prisoners are being rehabilitated for return into society and that some are still being investigated .
Romania : Plans afoot for U.S. missile defense system
President Traian Basescu last week announced his government ’s approval , pending parliamentary assent , of U.S. missile interceptors deployed in Romania .
He emphasized that the Middle East , Iran especially , represents the potential threat , not Russia .
Moscow ’s vociferous objection last year was central to Washington ’s scrapping of plans to place interceptors in Poland and a radar detection system in the Czech Republic .
Romania presently hosts U.S. military training facilities and a base on the Black Sea .
Its government also facilitated CIA prisoner transport and detention programs ( “ extraordinary rendition ” ) , according to euobserver.com .
A State Department spokesperson linked anti-missile facilities in Romania , not operational until 2015 , to ship - based interceptor systems in the Black Sea .
The placing of other missile interceptors in Poland is still under study , he said .
Brazil : Giant dam on track despite protests
The government last week licensed construction of the world ’s third largest dam and hydroelectric project on condition that investors contribute $ 800 million toward mitigation of adverse social and environmental effects .
Justification of the facility located in the Xingu river basin at Belo Monte , along with 70 other dams on Amazonian waterways , rests on energy needs envisioned for expanding industrialization .
Hydroelectricity is touted as a means for reducing atmospheric carbon emissions .
Opposition to the project , set for completion in 2014 , has reportedly been intense .
Indigenous groups and ecologists say 80 percent of the river water will be diverted , fish will be poisoned , and flooding will ensue .
Protesters claim population displacement threatens the cultural integrity and survival of 24 indigenous communities .
The dam is seen as emblematic of a wave of privatization spreading throughout the region .
Photo : Tuira Kayapo , right , leader of the indigenous Kayapo tribe , speaks to Aloysio Guapindaia , left , director of the National Indian Foundation , FUNAI , during a public hearing on the Belo Monte dam project , at the Commission of Human Rights of the Federal Senate in Brasilia , the capital of Brazil , last December .
( AP / Eraldo Peres )
“ I ’m just taking a night off , ” joked Boyle when asked for the specifics of the injury .
“ I ’m probably out the next two games .
” Boyle was injured in the third period of the recent victory in Los Angeles .
With Boyle ’s absence , San Jose has recalled Jason Demers from Worcester and juggled the blueline groups a bit .
Demers ’ history this season has been playing with Kent Huskins , but he will instead play with Marc - Edouard Vlasic to form a French Connection pairing .
It may not be the famed forward line form Buffalo , but who knows done the road .
“ They put the two ( French ) guys together and we ’ll see what we can do , ” said Demers .
“ We played a game or two in training camp together .
We played together in Anaheim ( preseason ) once .
It was a comfortable morning skate .
” That should bode well for tonight ’s contest against the Ducks .
“ He ’s a good player , so I ’ll let him do most of the work and I ’ll chip in where I can , ” said Demers of Vlasic .
Vlasic said communication will be key , but it ’s not like he ’ll be having a heart - to - heart with Demers prior to the game .
“ I do n’t think I need to talk to him ( before ) , ” said Vlasic .
“ We just need to talk on the ice .
We need to communicate .
Communication is the most important thing .
” While he has played many more games , Vlasic had a chuckle at being considered the grizzled veteran of the group .
“ I guess you could say that , but I ’m just one year older , ” said Vlasic .
The other pairing created by the injury is Rob Blake and Douglas Murray .
The duo has n’t played together much either , but they do n’t see it as a problem moving forward .
“ When you play , you pay attention to others on the ice and I know his tendencies , ” said Murray .
“ I know the spots he like to hang out .
” If he chooses to match lines in such a way , the pairing will provide McLellan with a six - foot - three and a six - foot - four grouping to try and combat Anaheim ’s big first unit .
“ Just key on the top line , ” said Blake about the battle plan when out there against Anaheim ’s dangerous scorers .
“ They are very talented and we ’ll have to always be focused .
” Demers is n’t pretending he alone will fill in for the Sharks Olympic defender as it will be a team effort .
“ They are some big shoes to fill and we ’re going to miss him , ” said Demers .
Defensively , not having Boyle will be a challenge as his “ compete ” level is as high as anyone on the team , but there is no question his talents will be missed on the power play where he is usually the only defender out there with four forwards .
“ The big area we ’ll miss Danny on is the power play , ” said McLellan .
Dealing without Boyle could have a long term benefit for San Jose as others will gain some useful experience in different situations .
“ It could ( benefit ) the hockey club to have to deal without him , ” said McLellan .
TOOTH FAIRYThe
Sharks were part of a special premier of the move Tooth Fairy Wednesday night .
Scott Nichol , Brad Staubitz , Jody Shelley and Mike Ricci spoke to a crowd of deserving youth prior to the show starting .
The movie is based on a minor league hockey player , played by Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson , who has an affinity for knocking out opponent ’s teeth with vicious hits .
Because of his cavalier attitude toward a little girl losing her tooth , he is sentenced to two weeks as an actual tooth fairy .
“ It was a cute movie , ” said Scott Nichol .
“ It had a little hockey , a little silliness and some funny parts .
Our kids certainly enjoyed it .
” AHL BREAKDemers should be well rested as he was in Worcester for the recent All - Star break .
Actually he was in New York City for the time away from the office .
“ When we played there I did n’t get a chance to visit the city , ” said Demers .
“ I saw the naked cowboy .
” NEXT GAMEThe Sharks will host Anaheim at 7:30 p.m. at HP Pavilion and tickets can be found at the HP Pavilion Ticket Office or at www.ticketmaster.com.
The contest will be on CSN California , 98.5 KFOX and sjsharks.com .
Have you ever booked a ticket with an airline that promised to fly your bike for free ( or for a certain price ) , but when you showed up at the airport they wanted to charge you a completely different price to ship your bike ?
It ’s not a fun situation to find yourself in … and it can cost you hundreds of dollars .
But it does n’t have to happen to you !
In this short video I give you a quick and easy tip for making sure your bike flies for the price listed on the airline ’s company website .
Even if you are not flying with an airline that promises to fly your bicycle for free , you should still print out the bicycle baggage policy off their website on the same day that you order your tickets .
Many airlines have raised their fees for bicycles to as much as $ 350 , so if you fly with an airline that promises to fly your bicycle for $ 80 and you show up at the airport and they want $ 350 , having that piece of paper can really save your butt !
Good luck !
And let me know how this strategy works out for you .
If it works , I want to hear about it !
And if it does n’t , I want to hear about that as well .
Save
A Holiday Guide for Cannabis Smokers
Now that cannabis is becoming more accepted around the world , here ’s a breakdown of weed friendly countries to bear in mind when planning your ideal stoner holiday .
There ’s more than you might think :
.
Approximately two people a year are prosecuted here for cannabis related issues .
.
I hear that Cape Town is pretty good with different types of weed available .
Cannabis was also made legal in the country of Comoros in the 1970s .
.
Cannabis is legal here in small amounts as long as it is consumed in private , though some public use by the young is tolerated outside the major cities .
.
Dope has been decriminalized in many parts of Australia including Australian Capital Territory , South Australia , Western Australia and Northern Territories .
Nimbin is apparently the weed capital of Australia .
.
Yes Belgium !
It is now apparently ok for adults to consume cannabis in their own homes up to 3 or 4 grammes .
Finding it in Belguim may be a challenge however .
.
Weed use by the public is tolerated virtually everywhere .
British Colombia has a particular reputation for ‘ BC Bud ’ .
Loads of weed is grown here .
I would love to visit this place it looks beautiful .
.
Cannabis has been decriminalized here since 1994 for small amounts up to one gramme .
.
Small amounts of weed are apparently tolerated here , as well as up to five plants in the home .
.
It has been legal to posses small amounts of cannabis in Germany since 1994 .
.
Do I need to say anything ?
The Dutch have the most grown up cannabis policy in the world , and do not feature in lists of countries that have a ‘ cannabis problem ’ .
They lead the way , but are now getting pissed that people from neighbouring countries want to take advantage of their laws .
.
It is legal to grow cannabis in Iran for food purposes , though not to smoke it .
Smoking it is apparently widely tolerated however !
.
Though weed is not strictly legal here it is of course widely tolerated .
I hear it is difficult to leave the airport area at Montego Bay without scoring loads of great weed .
.
Recently the possession of small amounts of marijuana was decriminalized in Mexico .
.
Cannabis is widely tolerated here , and is an age old custom .
Its open use by religious groups has never been stopped by any authority , and there are many large scale cannabis fields here .
.
In Peru you are allowed to possess up to 8 grammes of cannabis , as long as you are n’t holding any illegal substances as well as the weed .
.
The possession of small amounts of all drugs has been decriminalized here since 1999 .
.
It is legal to posses up to 40 grammes , though smoking in public is not tolerated , generally speaking .
3 plants are allowed to be grown at home .
Cannabis was legal during Franco ’s stranglehold on the country .
See article on Granada .
Finding gear in Barcelona is apparently quite straightforward too .
.
Tolerated in small amounts for personal use at home .
See article on Geneva .
Laws vary substantially depending on the canton ( county ) .
.
Possession of small amounts of cannabis is tolerated .
Update :
Their government now plans to sell weed to the people !
.
If any of this info is wrong please let me know so I can update it .
If you own a cannabis friendly holiday resort , do let me know and I will add it to this page .
Update 2 April 2013 .
After the recent legalization of cannabis in Colorado and Washington states , US 420 Tour companies are popping up .
NEW YORK -- Both the Giants and Jets wanted to open next season in the new Meadowlands Stadium .
Both will .
The NFL said Monday the Giants will play on Sunday afternoon , Sept. 12 , and the Jets will host a Monday night game the next day .
Opponents have not been announced ; the full league schedule usually is released in early April .
" After extensive discussions with both teams , we have come up with what we believe is a unique approach for celebrating the opening of the new Meadowlands Stadium , " commissioner Roger Goodell said .
The issue became somewhat contentious when the Jets announced on their Web site that a coin toss conducted by the league would determine which team opens the $ 1.7 billion stadium .
The teams split the cost on the replacement for Giants Stadium , which they both called home since 1984 .
But the league never confirmed such a decision until Monday , when it said Goodell did flip a coin for which team would play Sunday .
The Giants won , and the Jets are not happy with the process .
" An NFL coin toss has a few fundamental elements that are missing here , most notably the presence of the teams involved , " Jets owner Woody Johnson said in a statement .
" That 's how it 's always done in the league , whether it 's determining the order of the draft or deciding who 's going to kick off the game .
I was in Edmonton a few months ago having lunch with Mel Hurtig , and the old nationalist warhorse had a question about America 's health - care debate : " Why do n't we have anyone down there defending Canada 's system ? "
On the face of it , I found the question a bit absurd .
Most Americans do n't care enough about Canada 's system to even discuss it .
But Hurtig 's question is one I 've heard often in Canada and I have the feeling many Canadians believe the U.S. is actually considering a Canadian - style , government - managed health - care system .
That is a fundamental misunderstanding of Americans and their spellbound reverence for the wisdom and efficiency of free - market forces , even when those forces threaten their financial and physical well - being .
Angela Braly , CEO of WellPoint Inc. , one of the largest health insurers in the U.S. , defends her company 's 39 per cent premium increase before a congressional sub-committee in February 2010 .
( Ann Heisenfelt / Associated Press )
Death of the public option
It is true that some Democrats once did envision what is called the " public option " — some limited form of government - provided insurance .
President Barack Obama himself was sympathetic to the idea .
But on the greasy field of self - interest , the public option found no traction .
Affluent Americans see it , correctly , as an effort to transfer some of their wealth to people down the income scale .
Unionized Americans and employees of big corporations already have good health coverage through their employers .
They 're just fine , Jack , and they can't imagine any change benefiting them .
Ditto many older Americans who enjoy Medicare , a form of socialized medicine ( although many people here have somehow gulled themselves into believing it's not ) .
America 's indigent millions are also covered , to an extent , though Medicaid , and therefore disinclined to spare any concern for the tens of millions , most of them working poor , who ca n't afford to pay for insurance .
Down with socialism
But the people who really led the charge against anything remotely resembling Canadian health care , who unleashed the lobbyists and advertising millions and then sat back , smiling , as right - wing protesters yelled about socialism and communism , were the predators collectively known as the health insurance industry .
According to a recent study , the top five insurers here made $ 12.2 billion in profits in 2009 , up $ 4.4 billion , or 56 per cent , from a year earlier .
These companies pay their executives multi-million - dollar salaries and produce good returns for shareholders .
That , of course , is business .
But , stated most simply , here 's how they do it :
They squeeze as much from customers as possible in premiums ; then do everything they can to avoid paying for care once it 's needed .
Quite literally , the more their customers suffer untreated , the richer these companies become .
Exemptions rule
Health - insurer abuse is well documented here , but the abusers are exceptionally well protected from the laws that regulate ordinary businesses .
They 're exempt from federal anti-trust laws , for example , and therefore free to collude .
They 've also seen to it that in several states , it 's against the law to purchase insurance in another state , which means their little oligopolies are unthreatened by any necessity to compete .
Their customers , like lobsters in a trap , either pay up or go uninsured altogether .
There it is : Health care 's free market .
Efficient , certainly .
Fair ?
Only if you consider fleecing the sick to be in any way ethical .
Too chunky to insure ?
That was the verdict of a Colorado health insurer , which deemed the four - month - old 's weight a pre-existing medical condition , until media pressure forced it to change its mind in October 2009 .
( The Denver Post / Associated Press )
These companies employ divisions of employees whose sole task is to come up with a reason to refuse a claim .
Sorry , we 've discovered you once had acne , so we can't pay for your breast cancer treatment .
True story .
Regrettably , we 'll have to refuse your treatment for kidney failure .
Turns out you failed to report some back pain you suffered 30 years ago .
And so on .
Premiums on the rise
These companies donate handsomely to federal politicians .
So the ferocity and effectiveness of their assault on the public option was hardly surprising .
Meanwhile , though , just in case Obama 's Democrats actually manage to pass something that might cut into profits , these insurers have been milking their clients even more vigorously this year .
One big company , WellPoint , recently announced it 's jacking up premiums 39 per cent in California .
A health - care think tank found WellPoint is seeking double - digit increases in 11 states .
Research by a congressional committee showed that WellPoint 's profits totaled $ 4.2 billion last year .
It pays its CEO $ 10 million in salary and stock options , and blew $ 27 million on lavish corporate retreats , all the while resisting claims whenever possible .
But WellPoint and its fellow insurers need n't really worry much , from the look of things on Capitol Hill .
It 's now an open question whether the Democrats will be able to pass any health - care reform at all in the months ahead , despite their promises .
And if they do , life for the insurers will likely just get better .
Getting richer
True , any health - care reform here would likely forbid insurance companies from citing " pre-existing conditions " to abandon a sick client .
But nothing before either house of Congress right now would prevent these companies from charging those individuals , say , $ 40,000 or so in annual premiums , or setting a $ 10,000 deductible .
At the same time , the Democrats want to oblige all Americans to purchase health insurance , thereby driving millions of young , healthy new clients into the companies ' welcoming arms .
Now , I am not trying here to impugn America 's entire health - care system .
My family doctor charges $ 140 a consultation , calls me at home in the evening and can always fit someone in quickly .
Doctors here routinely give you their cellphone numbers .
Also , having lived under Canada 's system for decades , I was not always a fan .
Like most of my friends , I have stories of arrogant doctors and ridiculous wait times , which , the Canadian Medical Association says , have n't improved much .
But the worst Canadian stories I 've heard do n't come close to the horrors that happen here .
Harvard Medical School , for example , says 45,000 Americans die annually from lack of health insurance , many of them , no doubt , cut loose by their insurers .
The thing about health care is that normal market rules do n't apply .
Supply and demand is corrupted by the fact that the people who control the supply can also control the demand .
Just about the entire developed world believes in at least some form of public health care .
It is seen as common sense and collective survival .
And yet , for reasons buried deep in their national psyche , Americans prefer to keep enriching corporations that feed on their misery .
In the name of free markets , they pay excessively for their drugs and treatment as their less fortunate neighbours sicken and die .
That , I guess , is the best answer I can give you , Mr. Hurtig .
While this desolate looking red landscape looks like it might be part of the Martian surface , it ’s actually a bit closer to home .
The Great Southern Rail , which launched a luxury train crossing Australia from Darwin to Adelaide , has christened one of its lines the “ Ghan ” after the original ships of the desert – camels – and its other line the Southern Spirit .
The Southern Spirit joins the Ghan , which runs south to north , and the Indian Pacific , which runs east to west , as a grand rail adventure of world standard .
The remarkable difference about the Southern Spirit is that it will traverse the country both east to west and north to south and offer an adventure you might never associate with a rail trip …
Astronomy !
Astronomer Dave Reneke from Australasian Science magazine was invited by Great Southern Railways to take part in the inaugural rail journey of Spirit across Australia as a “ stellar ” guest speaker on this astronomy themed journey .
He and partner Robin were part of the initial journey , following a route from Uluru and Alice Springs , down into South Australia then across to Melbourne and into southern NSW .
But these trips are more than just a ride , the exclusive tours are designed so you can pause and savor the essence of Australia as The Southern Spirit winds its way through a rich tapestry of landscapes .
“ It ’s an amazing country and the outback skies are so clear , ” David said .
“ The passengers loved it , and we did too ! ”
David gave a series of lectures each time on - board the train and organized a night at the ‘ Dish ’ – the famous Parkes Radio telescope .
The Parkes telescope was built about the same time as the Green Bank 140 foot telescope , but it has an excellent alt - az design and is still in active use , with multibeam receivers making HI and pulsar surveys of the southern sky .
However , its claim to international fame is because Parkes is where the first Moon landing images were received in 1969 .
A feature of the “ Spirit ” adventure is an opportunity to attend a short talk by their resident lecturer , Mikalya , about what really did and did n’t happen on that day , as portrayed in the movie .
Needless to say , the information was enthusiastically received and astronomy went back on the rails again .
“ Onboard the train you could n’t ask for better service . ” David said .
“ This is one of the great rail journeys of the world and I look forward to going again next year . ”
Since becoming a radio correspondent , writer , lecturer and media personality , David has carved out a solid international profile and astronomical reputation .
Not only is there a lot of space out there , but it ’s a big year ahead and Reneke is set to continue his popular Astronomy Outreach program for Aussie schools , expand his writing portfolio and taking part in other exotic astronomy tours .
Maybe his next stop really will be Mars ?
As we know the year has just started and it is no surprise if you see totally random submissions show up on the leader board ( by the way , is John going to award a January cash prize ? )
My very first submission used to show up in the 10th place on the leader - board , luckily that embarrassment is now off the leader - board .
I know that it was not a very scientific approach but I ’d like to share it here with you as I always like to try this approach first .
For the first submission I used an importance sampling technique , meaning that I sample from a probability space according to a distribution .
For example if my population is normally distributed with a mean M and variance V , after an infinite number of samples I should get a population that has mean of M and variance of V. ( please look up the correct definition )
It may sound like a joke but it is a very useful technique when you use it on real outcomes , people design AI algorithms and chatbots with this simple method and they hope they win the Turing award someday .
One of my predictions is that the team that will win the Turing award will have some kind of an importance sampling method in its core .
One of the advantages of this technique is that it inherits the properties of the original population for example if your original population shows a Markovian behavior ; your sampled population will show that too .
Therefore without knowing any of the underlying behaviors you will capture all of those behaviors .
Anyways , here is my importance sampling code .
I ’d like to think that no one will cheat in this competition but theoretically if you make a number of fake accounts and submit the results of this spreadsheet everyday with your many accounts you will have a really high chance of winning ( or you can put together a very large team to submit them so it will not be against the rules , a totally Kosher approach ) .
Just press F9 to produce a new submission .
( This claim comes from our Darwinian world view that an infinite number of monkeys can reproduce Shakespeare ’s work if they randomly tap on their keyboards )
Copyright :
You are welcome to use , share or modify this spreadsheet .
If you ended up winning the whole competition I appreciate some sort of acknowledgement
Here is the link
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
In order to inform new entrants and keep proving the oldest utility , easy handling and operation mode ROS , the ROS EUROPEAN CLUB .
invites radio amateurs world , the ROS Weekend , a weekend exclusively for those interested can test the ROS mode and share experiences .
1. Date , from June 4 at 00:01 UTC until June 5 at 23:59 .
2. Call : CQ , CQ , ROS WEEKEND .
3 . The certificate may be requested by any amateur or SWL .
4 . For the AWARD 10 contacts will be needed .
One QSO per band and day of competition .
The use of cluster is allowed , but is forbidden self - advertise .
5 . The AWARD will be awarded in ROS MODE .
6 . The application will be the bands 10 , 15 , 20 , 40 , 80 O160 meters , and in the manner set out in paragraph
.
7. shall be valid QSO with the same correspondent can repeat band and day throughout the contest .
Duplicates will not be valid .
In order to prove a station must appear at least ten lists
.
8 . The lists must be submitted in ADIF format generated by the ROS program itself to e-mail diplomas@europeanrosclub.com indicating in the “ subject ” ROS Weekend .
Nombre and surname , for making award
9 . The AWARD will be sent by e-mail in DIN A4 size in JPEG format .
10 .
These bases can be modified at any time by the organization award whenever there are grounds for it .
Decisions taken by the organization of diploma , for the proper functioning , must be complied with by the participant .
Presidet
Eb5ag - manolo sanchez
If you are under 21 years of age or if it is illegal to view adult material in your community , please leave now .
We can't be held responsible for your actions .
We are not acting in any way to send you this information ; you are choosing to receive it !
Continuing further means that you understand and accept responsibility for your own actions , thus releasing the creators of this Web page and our service provider from all liability .
We strongly support parental controls on the Internet .
These web pages are not intended to be viewed by minors .
If you are a parent and you want to block this site , please contact one of the following :
Editor ’s note :
This post is the first in a five - part series .
Read more from the Parable of the Electric Bike .
Mmmm .
An electric bike .
Zipping through the city .
Surging up hills without gasping for breath .
Riding in business dress and arriving fresh and dry .
Healthy , moderate exercise .
No traffic jams .
Free parking .
Huge load - hauling potential .
Near - free fueling .
Zero emissions .
Breeze in your face .
Appealing !
So why have n’t e-bikes caught on ( yet ) ?
Especially in the Pacific Northwest , which is brimming with well - heeled tech enthusiasts ?
What ’s stopping electric bikes from devouring automotive market share the way DVDs killed VHS ?
At least in good weather ?
Why are n’t they as commonplace on our boulevards as motorcycles or scooters or muscle - powered bikes or even motorized wheel chairs ?
Will they be soon ?
Might electric bikes even be the vanguard of the electrification of all vehicles , rushing us through the long - awaited transition off oil and into a no-carbon future ?
Might this market - driven , job - creating electric vehicle revolution provide a detour around the bitter and intractable - seeming politics of climate laws ?
If we all push hard for electrification through the market , might we simply bypass the bickering morass of the US Senate , with its undemocratic procedures and filibuster rules ?
Find this article interesting ?
Please consider making a gift to support our work .
I ’m going to answer these questions .
I swear .
And , in the end , I ’m going to conclude that the technical promise of electric bikes ( and other electric vehicles ) is not a short cut to a low - carbon , high - jobs future .
Instead , it ’s the other way around : good public policy is a short cut to electric vehicles .
In other words , if you ’re enthusiastic about e-bikes ( and e-cars ) , you should work even harder for strong , fair climate policy ; complete , compact communities ; and best - in - the - world facilities for pedestrians and cyclists .
But that comes later .
I need to start at the beginning , by which I mean the ultimate impetus for electric bicycles : the demand .
Brynnen Ford , pictured above , illustrates .
Brynnen uses her Madsen “ as a minivan alternative . ”
She drives carpool with it , hauling kids to and from elementary school over the steep hills of Seattle ’s central area .
Before she electrified her cargo bike with an eZee motor and battery from cycle9.com , the hills were too much .
“ I tried doing it last year without the electric assist and while sometimes I could do it , other times I would opt for the car . . . so I would n’t die of exhaustion from carrying the kids up the hills .
Now , I almost never opt for the car . ”
For Matt Leber , of Bellevue , Washington , a painful knee sparked his demand .
An electric Giant Twist from Electric Bikes Northwest ( pictured below ) let his knee recuperate without injury .
It also lets him commute 8 miles to his work as a bus driver without needing a shower .
( And unlike Brynnen ’s Madsen , it fits on the bus . )
For many others , as personal transportation author Katie Alvord says , “ advancing age gives that electric option ongoing appeal — especially on windy days ! ”
Many e-bike marketers , inventors , and enthusiasts are betting on baby boomers , with their active lifestyles , pro-fitness attitudes , and relative affluence , to push e-bikes into the mainstream in North America .
Of course , where two - wheeled electric vehicles are concerned , we ’ve been through cycles of high hopes before , as Ms. Alvord pointed out in E Magazine .
Auto industry icon Lee Iacocca became an evangelist for electric bikes in 1999 , but his company sold disappointingly few “ E Bikes . ”
Just so , in 2002 , Dean Kamen ’s much - hyped two - wheeled electric Segway entered the market amid grandiose predictions of an imminent transportation revolution .
John Doerr , arguably the dean of venture capitalists , predicted Segway would reach $ 1 billion in annual sales faster than any company ever .
Instead , it took Segway until 2009 to sell its first 50,000 , roughly what it hoped to sell in its first year alone .
More recently , Segway has been working on a seated model with General Motors ( pictured here ) .
Still , beyond the aging of the population , at least three reasons suggest electric bikes may soon break out of their novelty niche in the Pacific Northwest and the rest of North America .
I ’ll turn to them in part II of the Parable of the Electric Bike .
Read part two of this five - post series , “ Charging Up . ”
Photos of Brynnen Ford and Matt Leber ’s Giant Twist courtesy of Brynnen and Matt . Segway PUMA photo courtesy of Flickr photographer saebaryo under the Creative Commons license .
Conservative , n. : A statesman who is enamored of existing evils , as distinguished from the Liberal , who wishes to replace them with others .
~ Ambrose Bierce
It is not surprising that , when culture is in collapse , so too is the level of thinking upon which it is based .
This is doubtless the social equivalent of the proposition that water can never rise higher than its source .
For a civilization to be creative and to thrive , it must have a substructure capable of producing the values that can sustain it .
Our present civilization is dying because it no longer has such a base of support .
Western society has become so thoroughly politicized that it is difficult to imagine any area of human activity that can be said to be beyond the reach of the state .
People ’s diets , weight levels , child - raising practices , treatment of pets , how he can express anger , whether one can make alterations to his / her home — including replacing a lawn with rocks or plants : these are but a handful of private decisions intruded upon by the state .
Other than complaints voiced by those directly affected by the state ’s intervention , there are few who consistently defend the liberty of individuals to live as they choose .
A free , orderly , and productive society is held together not by the armed might of the police and military , nor by the dictates of rulers or the edicts of judges , but by a shared sense of the conditions that foster rather than inhibit life .
At the core of such thinking is a belief in the innate worthiness and inviolability of each person , an attitude that manifests itself in terms of respect for one another ’s property boundaries , within which each of us is free to pursue our respective self - interests .
Peace and liberty are the inevitable consequences of living in a society so constituted .
In Restraint of Trade : ... Butler Shaffer , Butler ... Check Amazon for Pricing .
Sadly , as our world has become increasingly infected by the virus of institutionalism — and its coercive agent , the state — men and women have intensified their attachments to these organizational forms .
As we see in the repeated failures of government schools and the criminal justice system to meet the expectations so many have of them , people continue to invest heavily in the promotion of such governmental interests .
The more such agencies fail , in other words , the more most people are willing to support them , an absurdity that provides such programs with an incentive to fail .
As the business world has experienced the consequences of moving from the self - disciplining nature of a free market system to the mercantilist coziness of the modern corporate — state arrangement , we find the same institutionally - serving impulses to use governmental force to benefit failing firms .
Under the mantra " too big to fail , " the corporate — state establishment has been able to bamboozle most Americans into believing that it is in their individual interests to be forced to support business enterprises that lack the resiliency , creativity , and other capacities to respond to competition ; that they should be compelled to do what more and more would not choose to do in the marketplace .
Boundaries of Order : P... Butler D. Shaffer Best Price : $ 8.25 Buy New $ 989.90 ( as of 11:14 EST - Details )
I went to an Internet site and found a listing of now - defunct American auto manufacturers .
Their numbers ran to some fifty - one pages .
I am certain that , at their demise , the owners of such firms might have wished for the kinds of government - funded bailouts that their successors now enjoy .
I can understand — although do not accept — the kind of thinking that would like to be on the receiving end of such state largess .
It is not unlike Linus — in an early Peanuts cartoon — contemplating his death .
After declaring " I ’m too young to die , " he finally admits " I ’m too me to die ! "
What I do not understand , however , is the innocence — the gullibility , if you prefer — of so many men and women who have brought themselves to share in the institutional mindset that the organizational system is to be more highly - valued and defended than the marketplace processes that created such enterprises in the first place .
Such thinking is a symptom of just how deeply the virus of institutionalism has infected American society .
For various reasons that go beyond a principled criticism of our centrally - directed , vertically - structured society , the institutional order is in a state of turbulence .
Political , corporate , and educational systems are increasingly unable to meet even the most meager of popular expectations .
Our world is becoming more and more decentralized , with vertical systems being challenged — and even replaced — by horizontal networks governed by autonomous and spontaneous human activity .
In the face of such changes , the establishment has become desperate to reinforce its crumbling walls .
Because the state is defined in terms of its monopoly on the use of violence , it is not surprising to see it escalating the use of brute force in an effort to maintain its position .
Calculated Chaos : Inst ... Butler D. Shaffer , But ... Best Price : $ 6.73 Buy New $ 41.95 ( as of 05:30 EST - Details )
Because , as Randolph Bourne advised us , " war is the health of the state , " governments have sought to reinforce the support they enjoy from Homo Boobus by engaging in what the historian Charles Beard called the " perpetual war for perpetual peace . "
Whether such wars be undertaken for so - called defensive or preventive purposes is no longer a relevant consideration .
The core offense at the Nuremberg Trials was the starting of a war ; such aggression now serves , among many Americans , as an occasion for slapping bumper - stickers on their cars with the vulgar message : " support the troops . "
The war frenzy brings forth such displays of flag - waving as will cause the statists to give serious consideration to using nuclear weapons against Iran , as well as to warble idiotically : " bomb , bomb , bomb Iran " during the 2008 presidential campaign !
The general absence of criticism over " preventive warfare " has led the defenders of statism to extend the practice to " preventive detention , " by which men and women can be thrown into prisons and held without trial — or even charges filed against them — and without benefit of the writ of habeas corpus .
While being so held , the captives may be subjected to all kinds of torture , a practice the statists wish to distinguish by calling it by a different name !
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
In an effort to plumb the shallowness of the minds of most Americans , the statists have reiterated the proposition , first enunciated by George W. Bush and continued under the Obama administration , that American citizens could be targeted for assassination as part of the " global war on terror . "
Just who the targeted persons might be , or who would have the authority to authorize their murder , was left unsaid .
At long last , we have come full - circle from the political wisdom offered by Pogo Possum in the 1950s : " we has met the enemy , and they is us . "
What next in the offing ?
Shall we soon be hearing of concentration camps , complete with gas chambers , to which Americans — or anybody else — might be sent for the " final solution " to the terrorism problem ?
Of course , the terminology will have to be cleaned up a bit , just as it was for the Japanese - Americans who , during World War II , were sent to " relocation centers " for the offense of having the politically - incorrect ancestors !
As a recent bumper - sticker reads : " there will never be concentration camps in America ; they ’ll be called something else . "
Nor would modern death - camps have to be specialized to the elimination of so - called " terrorists . "
What about other enemies of governmental programs ?
After all , if former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright can rationalize the deaths of 500,000 Iraqi children in furtherance of her more mundane policies , how many millions might be sacrificed to such nobler ends as , well , saving the planet ?
At last !
A project to which Al Gore could be put in charge ; one that would allow him to realize his life ’s dream : to be in control of all life on the planet .
How better to reduce carbon emissions on the planet than to systematically exterminate their contributors ( i.e. , human beings ) ?
Of course , enough people would have to be left living in order to provide the energies with which to serve the state .
But this is simply a matter of careful calculation to be engaged in by neo- philosopher - kings !
Will there be no end to the efforts of statists to keep upping the ante in their quest for absolute control over their fellow humans ?
Is there any indecency or atrocity which most Americans would be unwilling to embrace ?
Is there a moral threshold that most would refuse to cross ?
As America continues to unravel , expect even more intensive efforts by the statists to regain and solidify their power .
Look , further , to increasing numbers of your neighbors who sense that something is terribly wrong — quite evil — in America that must be resisted .
To whom can we look for an assessment of the problem ?
Do the conservatives have anything to offer ?
Sadly , they are still too strongly attached to the kinds of thinking that got us where we are ( e.g. , the war system and police - state authority ) .
As I read or listen to them , I find little more than name - calling , jingoism , and fear - mongering coming forth from those who lost their passion for liberty once the Soviet Union collapsed .
For the time being , at least , most of the liberal community is still in too much of a stupor over the election of a black president to be of much use in confronting the wrongdoing of the current state .
The so - called moderates ( i.e. , the worst of all " extremists , " who congenitally insist upon compromises between equally untenable positions ) are , as in most matters , of little benefit .
Nor will much assistance be found within most of academia , so many of whose members are in a terminal state produced by the institutional virus .
The mainstream media will likewise prove to be a dry hole for enlightenment : they are the voices of the establishment ; their job is to reinforce your institutional commitments .
The Internet , by contrast , continues to be the best source of alternative thinking , what with entry into this medium being so easy .
It is , perhaps , the best spur to individualized thinking since Gutenberg upset the established order of his day .
Because of the uncertain and unpredictable nature of complex systems , I do n’t know of anyone — including myself — who has a monopoly on " all the answers " to what plagues us , both personally and socially .
What we need to focus on , instead , are those who might have a better set of questions to ask as we try to distill a free , peaceful , and orderly society out of the carefully - organized insanity into which we find ourselves twisted and knotted .
Perhaps it would do us well to recall the lessons from an etymological dictionary : that the words " peace , " " freedom , " " love , " and " friend , " have interconnected histories .
Might our ancient ancestors have known what we have long - since forgotten as we traipse about in search of one divisive ideology after another ?
The Best of Butler Shaffer
Alamy
You 're history !
THE printing of body parts ( see article ) will probably remain a bespoke industry for ever .
Printed lighting , though , might be mass produced .
That , at least , is the promise of a technology being developed in Sweden by Ludvig Edman of Umea University and Nathaniel Robinson of Linkoping .
Dr Edman and Dr Robinson have taken a promising technique called the organic light - emitting diode , or OLED , and tweaked it in an ingenious way .
The result is a sheet similar to wallpaper that can illuminate itself at the flick of a switch .
An OLED is a layer of semiconducting polymer sandwiched between two conductive layers that act as electrodes .
When a current is passed between these electrodes , the polymer gives off light .
The light is created by electrons released from one electrode layer falling into positively charged “ holes ” that have been generated by the polymer 's interaction with the other layer .
These holes are gaps in the polymer 's electronic structure where an electron ought to be , but is n't .
Semiconductors are strange materials .
Both holes and electrons can move around within them .
( The holes move in a manner analogous to the gap in a sliding - tile puzzle . )
They are also finicky .
Only some sorts of conductors will work as sources of electrons .
Only some sorts will work as sources of holes .
And no known material works well for both .
The electron source needs to be a metal , and the usual choice is aluminium .
Of course , metals are opaque , so the other electrode must be transparent .
Fortunately , there are two materials that are both transparent and good hole - generators .
One is indium tin oxide .
The other is known as poly ( 3,4 - ethylenedioxythiophene ) .
OLEDs are , however , awkward to make .
First , a precisely crafted layer of aluminium has to be created .
Then the other two layers are sprayed onto it using an inkjet printer .
If the metal electrode could be replaced then it might be possible to make the whole thing using just a printer .
That would simplify matters enormously .
And that is what Dr Edman and Dr Robinson believe they have achieved .
To do so , they have gone back to their high - school physics lessons .
As every schoolboy knows , carbon in the form of graphite is the exception to the rule that metallic elements conduct electricity and non-metallic ones do not .
Graphite , which is black in bulk , consists of layers of carbon atoms arranged in a hexagonal grid .
When the substance is only a few of these layers thick , though , it is known as graphene and is transparent .
Graphene sheets are not easy to handle .
But Dr Edman and Dr Robinson found another team of researchers , led by Manish Chhowalla of Rutgers University , that was working on making graphene electrodes .
Unfortunately , they found that graphene by itself will not do the job .
But they overcame its reluctance by blending the semiconducting polymer with potassium trifluoromethylsulfonate .
This compound consists of positively charged potassium ions and negatively charged trifluoromethylsulfonates .
When the current is switched on , the two sorts of ion move in opposite directions to the junctions between the polymer and the electrodes .
The trifluoromethylsulfonate ions assist the process of hole formation in poly ( 3,4 - ethylenedioxythiophene ) at one junction .
That is useful .
What is crucial , though , is that the potassium ions liberate electrons from graphene at the other junction .
The result , as the team describe in ACS Nano , is a sheet that emits light in both directions and which it should be possible to make using industrial inkjet printers to spray layer upon layer .
It is a truly enlightening idea .
Apple has refused to comment on the possible legal action , but industry experts say any legal action by the Chinese company is unlikely to succeed .
The two devices are wildly different , with the P88 using a resistive touch - screen rather than the multi- touch screen of the Apple iPad , and using a 250 GB hard drive compared to the iPad , which uses flash memory .
How do you preserve a potentially endangered language when the people who speak it do n’t even consider it a real language ?
That ’s the bizarre road block the Scottish government has hit in its recent efforts to preserve the Scots language .
On the Road to Endangerment ?
The Scots language , also known as Lowlands Scots , is the historic language of Lowland Scotland and a direct descendant of old Northern English .
Thanks to increasing political and cultural interaction with England from the mid-16th century onward , the Scots language became increasingly influenced by Standard English .
This trend increased when Britain and Scotland joined to form the Kingdom of Great Britain under the 1707 Act of Union .
The Scottish take a great pride in their cultural history , which includes such great authors as Robert Burns , Walter Scott and Robert Louis Stevenson .
Robert Burns is actually credited with the creation of the word “ Lallans , ” which refers to the literary Scots language — especially the style prominent in the 20th century literary revival .
Despite a revival in the Scots language in the 20th century and more recent efforts to promote the language , the number of Scots language speakers has decreased significantly , leading some to speculate it may join the ranks of dying languages .
The Scots language is considered a potentially endangered language by the United Nations Education , Scientific and Cultural Organization .
Today there are an estimated 3 million Scots language speakers in existence around the world .
A Language or “ A Way of Speaking ” ?
Since the election of the Scottish National Party in 2007 , the Scottish government has brought new energy to its efforts to promoting the Scots Language in the country .
Despite the party ’s pledge to “ promote awareness and usage of the language , ” its efforts may be hindered by current attitudes towards the Scots language in Scotland .
According to a recent article published by Times Online , a recent survey shows that an impressive 64 percent of Scottish people consider Scots to be simply “ a way of speaking , ” rather than an actual language .
The attitude that Scots is more of a dialect than a distinct language most likely stems from the close relationship between the Scots language and modern English .
Still , it can be extremely difficult — often impossible — for English - language speakers to understand Scots .
Questioning the Importance of Linguistic Labels
The fact that most Scots language speakers do n’t even consider their tongue to be an actual language may be disconcerting to those seeking to preserve the language ’s relevance .
But just how much do these linguistic labels really matter ?
Is it essential for Scots speakers to recognize the tongue as a distinct language in order to preserve it ?
Not really , suggest the survey results cited by the Times Online .
Although they may see the Scots language only as “ a way of speaking , ” 85 percent of those surveyed claimed to speak Scots , while 43 percent said they spoke it “ a lot . ”
What ’s more , 63 percent of those asked said they did not agree with the statement that Scots “ does n’t sound nice — it ’s slang . ”
Looking at the survey results as a whole , it seems that whether Scots speakers consider their tongue a language or not , they are still sticking with it .
The language is obviously alive and well and still in common everyday use in Scotland .
Does it really matter what linguistic label its speakers stick on it ?
This article has been just updated :
These days , there are so many ways to watch video content online that choosing between them can be a challenge .
What ’s more , not all content providers manage to face the fierce competition , forcing them to shut down and make their users look for alternatives .
That ’s exactly what happened to Babelgum , a free - to - view internet television platform that stopped providing online content just two years after its initial release .
In this article , we explain what Babelgum was and describe multiple alternatives that you can use right now to watch TV shows and other forms of video over the internet .
What Is Babelgum ?
Babelgum was a free - to - view internet television platform created by Silvio Scaglia , an Italian telecoms entrepreneur who ’s also known for Fastweb , an Italian telecommunications company that ’s now fully owned by Swisscom .
The goal was to provide free , on - demand TV content to viewers over the internet as an alternative to traditional over - the - air and cable television services .
The first version of the service was presented to the public on March 7 , 2007 , and it advertised an immersive viewing experience and visual quality of traditional television .
To promote the service , Silvio Scaglia launched the Babelgum Online Film Festival and the Babelgum Music Video Awards .
The former was dedicated to independent movies , while the latter focused on music videos from unsigned artists .
Neither of these two projects gained much traction because most artists at the time were confused by their value proposition .
Just two years after the initial release of Babelgum , the company announced that its decision to downsize by closing its Nice office and Dublin HQ .
As Babelgum was experiencing serious financial difficulties , YouTube was gaining massive tracking , attracting viewers and content creators from around the world by offering a completely unique experience that encouraged independent content creation and sharing .
While Babelgum also offered some social features , such as the ability to embed videos on websites and share them on social news sites , they did n’t evolve nearly as quickly as they needed to compete with YouTube .
What ’s more , Babelgum decided to abandon its own proprietary peer - to - peer streaming technology in favor of Flash , which required users to have a bandwidth of at least 450 kbit/s .
The last nail in Babelgum ’s coffin was the arrest of its creator , who was jailed and charged in Italy on charges of being involved in a 2 - billion - euro money - laundering scheme .
While the charges were not related to Babelgum itself , they were understandably enough to convince all investors to
For these and other reasons , Babelgum stopped offering its services not too long after the arrest .
The good news is that a lot has changed since 2007 , and viewers who are interested in on - demand content now have a large number of options to choose from .
Top 5 Alternatives to Babelgum
Let ’s take a closer look at the top 5 alternatives to Babelgum that offer a wide variety of content over the internet to viewers from around the world .
YouTube may have started as a platform for independent content creators , but it has become something so much more than that .
Today , you would be hard - pressed to find a major music label that does n’t publish music videos on YouTube , and there ’s also no shortage of full - length movies , documentaries , and entire TV show episodes .
YouTube is free , supported by ads , but you can subscribe to YouTube Premium to enjoy all content without ads .
Besides an ad - free viewing experience , YouTube Premium also unlocks the ability to download videos for offline playback , which comes in handy when commuting to work or traveling abroad .
Netflix is by far the most recognizable streaming service today .
It was founded a decade before Babelgum as a DVD and Blu-ray rental business , but it pivoted in 2007 to online streaming , a decision that has made it the multi-billion - dollar company it is today .
In addition to thousands of movies and TV shows produced by the likes of Warner Bros. , 20th Century Studios , and Universal Pictures , Netflix is the home of many original series and films , called Netflix Originals .
Shows like Altered Carbon , The Dark Crystal : Age of Resistance , BoJack Horseman , Stranger Things , or Orange is the New Black are all created by Netflix for Netflix subscribers , and they ’ve been praised by critics from around the world .
Amazon Prime Video is a great Babelgum alternative for existing Amazon Prime customers who would rather not spend money on yet another subscription service .
Amazon Prime Video offers third - party movies and TV shows as well as its own original programming , and it ’s available worldwide except for Mainland China , Cuba , Iran , North Korea , and Syria .
Amazon Prime Video works on all devices , and users can download content for offline playback with a simple click .
A free trial is available to all new subscribers , and there are absolutely no hoops to jump through if you decide to cancel your membership .
Launched in November 2019 , Disney + is a new streaming service and a fantastic alternative to Babelgum for fans of Disney movies and younger viewers in general .
Disney + provides access to films and television series produced by The Walt Disney Studios and Walt Disney Television , such as Star Wars , Home Alone , Captain Marvel , Black Panther , Who Framed Roger Rabbit , and many others .
At the time of writing this article , the service is available only in the United States , Canada , the Netherlands , Australia , New Zealand , Puerto Rico , India , and select European countries .
Further expansions are planned for Europe and Latin America in the near future , and the rest of the world should come soon after that .
If you ’re a fan of original series from HBO , such as the Game of Thrones , The Wire , The Sopranos , or Westworld , then you should take a look at HBO Max , a subscription service that provides convenient access to just about everything HBO has to offer .
The service launched in May 2020 , and it took it only a few months to garner millions of subscribers .
In addition to its own content , HBO Max also offers movies and shows from many different third - party content providers , including Adult Swim , Studio Ghibli , Lionsgate , and Sony Pictures , just to name a few .
Bonus Tip : Leverage Free Trials
What ’s great about the Babelgum alternatives described in this article is that most offer free trials to first - time users .
All you need to start a free trial is a user account and a credit card .
As long as you remember to cancel your subscription before the trial period is over , you wo n’t be charged anything .
Sure , free trials do n’t last for a very long time , but you can start another one as soon as the current one ends .
And if you live with other family members or roommates , there ’s nothing stopping you from creating multiple accounts to start multiple free trials of the same subscription service .
For example , Netflix gives all new users a one - month - long free trial , and Amazon Prime Video does the same .
As such , three roommates can theoretically enjoy half a year of the best video content the world has to offer without spending a single dollar , and that ’s not a bad deal at all .
On January 30 , 2007 , Jamie Mai wrote an email to his partners Charlie Ledley and Ben Hockett .
“ If a broad range of CDO spreads starts to widen , ” he said , “ it means that a material global financial clusterfuck is likely occurring . ”
On January 31 , 2007 , a broad range of CDO spreads started to widen , dramatically .
The long - feared meltdown was upon us all — not that most of us knew it , at the time — and a very small number of investors was about to get paid out on the trade of their lifetimes .
Mai , Ledley , and Hockett were part of that select group , whose tale is grippingly told by Michael Lewis in The Big Short .
The Big Short is not the story of the crisis , as the crisis is commonly understood .
The failure of Lehman brothers and of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ; the stock - market crash ; the bail - out of Detroit ; the fevered all - nighters pulled at Treasury and the New York Fed ; the fears that the entire global financial system was on the brink of collapse — little if any of that is in this book .
Instead , Lewis has found a different story — one which he started mining for a spectacular cover story in the December 2007 issue of Portfolio magazine , and which has culminated in this book , over two years later .
It ’s the story of what used to be called the “ subprime crisis ” before it metastasized into something much larger and more dangerous than that .
And it ’s also , like all Michael Lewis tales , a human story , which takes us deep inside unique characters like Steve Eisman and Mike Burry .
On the face of it , there ’s almost nothing sympathetic about these men .
Their social skills are all but nonexistent ; they live in a world of arcane financial analysis which might as well be a different planet for all that it has any bearing on the way that most of us live our lives ; and they made their outsize profits by wagering hundreds of millions of dollars on the proposition that Americans across the country would end up being thrown out of their homes after they found themselves unable to make their mortgage payments .
What these men did was not “ socially useless , ” to quote the chairman of the UK ’s Financial Services Authority , Lord Turner .
It was worse than that : it was actively harmful , since they provided the fuel which kept the subprime mortgage furnace burning even when the country was running out of new junk mortgages to write .
In most financial markets , bearish bets act as a dampener ; in this one , they were a necessary part of the subprime - mortgage machine , and a Deutsche Bank mortgage trader named Greg Lippmann ended up making billions of dollars for his employer — not to mention a $ 50 million bonus for himself — by aggressively going out and finding fund managers to put on the short bets needed to keep the market ticking .
( This is the same Lippmann who , when accused of being a “ Chicken Little ” responded by saying “ Fuck you , I ’m short your house . ” )
But Lewis has a soft spot for these misfits — fund managers who stumbled into the bond market from careers making bets on stocks , who suffered ridicule and ostracism even from their own investors before their bets paid off , and who he has now chosen to immortalize in print as the few clear - eyed men in a world of deluded bankers and investors .
At the same time , Lewis aims both barrels at the ratings agencies , happily quoting someone describing the staff there as “ basically like brain - dead . ”
He also sets up a hapless fund manager named Wing Chau as a major villain for taking the long side of the bet and making millions of dollars by doing so , despite being spectacularly wrong .
The result is a rollicking narrative : a tale of beleaguered little guys betting against monster banks and fund managers , and , in the end , winning .
( Lewis barely mentions the biggest and most famous of the shorts , John Paulson and Andrew Lahde , perhaps because they were too rich and successful to begin with . )
Amazingly , despite the fact that the book is so one - sided , it also functions as a peerless guide to exactly what went so very wrong in the credit markets generally , and the mortgage markets in particular , over the course of the last decade .
It ’s not easy to explain synthetic subprime - backed collateralized debt obligations , but Lewis does an excellent job on both the micro level — what these thing are , and how they worked — and the macro level — how the market in such exotica helped to destabilize the entire financial system .
Most impressively , Lewis has backed up his story with an enormous amount of old - fashioned reporting , spending a lot of time with the characters in his book and their families , as well as getting the important complex financial details correct .
( Not everybody will understand the grittiest of the details , of course : that ’s inevitable .
But everybody will be gripped by the book ’s narrative , all the same . )
The Portfolio story on which this book is based was a great tale which was sometimes a bit fuzzy on the finance ; the book is an even greater tale with the facts nailed down .
The result is that rarest of beasts in a world drowning in financial - crisis books : a new book which actually breaks news .
For instance , Lewis uncovers what could possibly be the single greatest trade that any Wall Street banker ever made : in December 2006 and January 2007 , Deutsche ’s Greg Lippmann paid an insurance premium of 0.28 percentage points to take out insurance on $ 4 billion of triple - A- rated bonds from Morgan Stanley ’s Howie Hubler .
Less than a year later , that $ 11 million bet paid off to the tune of a whopping $ 3.7 billion .
I ’ll save you the math : that ’s an annual return of more than 33,000 % .
There ’s lots more where that came from : this is an assiduously - reported and beautifully - written book .
There are n’t many reasons to be happy about the global financial crisis , but here ’s one : that it brought Michael Lewis back to his roots , to produce what is probably the single best piece of financial journalism ever written .
Felix Salmon blogs for Reuters at http://blogs.reuters.com/felix-salmon/.
Revelations Necessitate Congressional Oversight And Patriot Act Revisions
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 202 ) 675-2312 ; media@dcaclu.org
( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
WASHINGTON – A report released today by the Department of Justice 's Office of the Inspector General ( OIG ) on the FBI 's use of National Security Letters ( NSLs ) and so - called " exigent letters " reveals a systemic , widespread abuse of power .
The FBI 's authority to issue NSLs was widely expanded by the Patriot Act and it has been increasingly used to collect private information on American citizens without court approval .
Congress recently extended three unrelated provisions of the Patriot Act set to expire last year until February 28 , 2010 .
There are several bills in both the House and Senate that address those provisions as well as the NSL statute .
Today 's OIG report details the FBI 's use of exigent letters , or emergency letters , to gain Americans ' private phone records for investigations when no emergency existed and has significant and troubling redactions in portions dealing with those phone records .
The report also details the bureau 's use of exigent letters to gain information on journalists in violation of the Attorney General Guidelines governing criminal and terrorism investigations .
Today 's audit follows two prior OIG reports on the FBI 's use of NSLs that found serious breaches of department regulations and multiple potential violations of the law .
" Given this report , there is absolutely no excuse for Congress not to reform the NSL authority during the current Patriot Act debate , " said Michael Macleod - Ball , acting director of the ACLU Washington Legislative office .
" Without an outside check , FBI agents are able to demand and obtain sensitive information at will .
This is the kind of abuse that is inevitable when we broaden the government 's surveillance power and do n't modernize privacy standards .
It has become very clear that the FBI cannot police itself .
Congress must step in to institute and conduct rigorous and frequent oversight of the agency 's use of NSLs and exigent letters . "
In 2004 , the ACLU and New York Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit on behalf of an ISP that the FBI served with an NSL .
Because the FBI imposed a gag order on the ISP , the lawsuit was filed under seal .
Although the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled in 2008 that the gag order provisions were unconstitutional , the " John Doe " NSL recipient in that case remains gagged .
" The Inspector General 's findings make crystal clear that the FBI engaged in a systemic abuse of power and those responsible must be held accountable , " said Melissa Goodman , staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project .
" This report demonstrates the dangers of not only unchecked surveillance power but also the FBI 's unchecked gag power .
By preventing NSL recipients from speaking out against the FBI 's intrusive practices , the government was able to illegally demand the records of thousands of innocent Americans for years .
The government must remove any unjustified and unnecessary gag orders from NSL recipients . "
To learn more about the Patriot Act and the ACLU 's work to reform it , go to : www.reformthepatriotact.org
ALEXANDRIA , Va. / WASHINGTON
( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama made another push to sell his healthcare overhaul to a skeptical public on Tuesday , calling it a victory over special interests that will help the middle - class and defending the “ courage ” of legislators who backed it .
“ This day affirms our ability to overcome the challenges of our politics and meet the challenges of our time , ” Obama told a college audience outside Washington , as he signed into law the final changes to the sweeping plan approved by lawmakers last week , along with reforms in college student loan programs .
The signing capped a year - long struggle between Obama ’s Democrats and the Republicans , who have vowed to repeal the healthcare bill , that has set the stage for a bitter campaign for control of Congress in November .
Democrats have a majority in Congress , but Republicans are hoping to make gains later this year and have vowed to make the healthcare bill the centerpiece of the election battle .
Obama defended lawmakers who voted for the bill , the most sweeping shift in U.S. social policy in decades , and took aim at what he said were misleading attacks .
“ Courage is an essential ingredient in any landmark legislation , particularly when the attacks are as fierce and unrelenting and inaccurate as they have been over the past year .
I just want to commend members of Congress who had the courage to do what ’s right , ” he said .
Opinion polls show Obama and his Democrats will have to work hard to promote the 10 - year , $ 940 billion overhaul .
Nearly two - thirds of Americans say the plan costs too much and expands the government ’s role too far into a private industry , according to a USA Today / Gallup survey published on Tuesday .
An insurance industry trade group said the law also does too little to address rising costs .
“ The access expansions are a significant step forward , but this legislation will exacerbate the health care costs crisis facing many working families and small businesses , ” Karen Ignagni , president of the America ’s Health Insurance Plans group , said in a statement .
AHIP had also said on Monday that it would fully comply with regulations under the new law that banned excluding children from coverage if they had pre-existing health conditions .
The New York Times had reported that insurers were arguing that at least for now they did not have to comply with that provision of the law .
In an interview that aired on Tuesday , Obama acknowledged that adjustments will be needed in the law to reduce costs .
“ I think it is a critical first step in making a healthcare system that works for all Americans , ” Obama said in an interview on NBC ’s “ Today ” show .
“ It is not going to be the only thing .
We are still going to have adjustments that have to be made to further reduce costs .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
U.S. companies have started to tally up the financial hit they say they will take because of the law .
The government still pays subsidies to large firms to help pay for prescription drug benefits for their retirees , but the new law does not allow the corporations to also deduct the amount of the subsidies from their taxable income .
Corporate America calls the change a tax increase , but the White House says it merely closes a tax loophole .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
John Boehner , who leads Republicans in the House of Representatives , said Obama signed “ job - killing government takeovers . ”
“ Employers across the country are continuing to reveal the costly fallout from ‘ ObamaCare ’ - including new tax hikes and mandates that make it harder to hire new workers , and put health care benefits promised to workers and retirees in jeopardy , ” he said in a statement .
Obama is to travel to Maine later this week for another event to tout the healthcare plan .
Full GDP release from the BEA .
Key highlights :
Real gross domestic product -- the output of goods and services produced by labor and property located in the United States -- increased at an annual rate of 5.6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2009 , ( that is , from the third quarter to the fourth quarter ) , according to the " third " estimate released by the Bureau of Economic Analysis .
In the third quarter , real GDP increased 2.2 percent .
The increase in real GDP in the fourth quarter primarily reflected positive contributions from private inventory investment , exports , personal consumption expenditures ( PCE ) , and nonresidential fixed investment .
Imports , which are a subtraction in the calculation of GDP , increased .
The acceleration in real GDP in the fourth quarter primarily reflected an acceleration in private inventory investment , an upturn in nonresidential fixed investment , an acceleration in exports , and a deceleration in imports that were partly offset by decelerations in PCE and in federal government spending .
Revision basis :
The third estimate of the fourth - quarter increase in real GDP is 0.3 percentage point , or $ 11.6 billion , lower than the second estimate issued last month , primarily reflecting downward revisions to nonresidential fixed investment , to private inventory investment , and to PCE .
Deflator :
The price index for gross domestic purchases , which measures prices paid by U.S. residents , increased 2.0 percent in the fourth quarter , 0.1 percentage point more than in the second estimate ; this index increased 1.3 percent in the third quarter .
Excluding food and energy prices , the price index for gross domestic purchases increased 1.5 percent in the fourth quarter , compared with an increase of 0.3 percent in the third .
The communist government :
Real federal government consumption expenditures and gross investment were unchanged in the fourth quarter , compared with an increase of 8.0 percent in the third .
National defense decreased 3.6 percent , in contrast to an increase of 8.4 percent .
Nondefense increased 8.3 percent , compared with an increase of 7.0 percent .
Real state and local government consumption expenditures and gross investment decreased 2.2 percent , compared with a decrease of 0.6 percent .
Current - dollar GDP
Current - dollar GDP -- the market value of the nation 's output of goods and services -- increased 6.1 percent , or $ 211.7 billion , in the fourth quarter to a level of $ 14,453.8 billion .
In the third quarter , current - dollar GDP increased 2.6 percent , or $ 90.9 billion .
Total debt : $ 12.606 trillion .
Debt to GDP : 87.2 % .
Adding $ 6.264 trillion in GSE debt which is explicitly backed and should be on the Treasury 's book , the total debt is $ 18.87 trillion and the Total Adjusted Debt to GDP is 130.6 % .
Total on and off balance sheet debt to GDP : ridiculous .
Some views from Stone McCarthy :
Ruby on Rails projects usually use MySQL or PostgreSQL for their database , but in the corporate world , Oracle is king .
As much as you might like to have a Postgres backend , the powers - that - be have decreed and you must obey .
Do n’t worry though , all is not lost , you do n’t have to slink back to Java , here is how you can get your Rails app working with an Oracle database .
Note :
All of this works with Rails 2.3.5 , I have n’t tried it with Rails 3 , but feel free to give it a go and do n’t forget to let me know how it works out .
Getting Rails To Play With Oracle
Alright , first thing first , I hope you ’re using RVM , cause it ’s awesome and will make your life easier .
With that out of the way , you need to install two gems , before trying to use Oracle with Rails .
ruby - oci8 gem – this is the ruby interface for oracle using the OCI8 API .
You need to have a version of Oracle installed on your machine for this gem to work , otherwise the OCI8 library will not be available on your machine and this will make your life difficult ( i.e. impossible : ) ) , as you might imagine .
activerecord oracle enhanced adapter gem – this is an ActiveRecord adapter that has useful extra methods for working with new and legacy Oracle databases from Rails .
You can potentially vendor the oracle enhanced adapter gem within your rails app , but I would n’t vendor the ruby - oc i8 gem as it has native extensions .
Normally that would be fine , but we ’re going to make a Java application out of this in the end ( for deployment to Tomcat ) and native extensions will once again make life very difficult ( i.e. impossible : ) ) .
So , to install these gems we do :
gem install ruby - oci8 gem install activerecord-oracle_enhanced - adapter
This will usually go smoothly , but I ’ve had one situation where the native extensions failed to build properly when installing ruby - oci8 , and I could n’t find anything that should have caused that .
To fix the issue , I simply compiled it from source and then re-installed it as a gem again , at which point everything went smoothly .
Something to keep in mind .
Rails Configuration
As you would expect , we now need to modify our database.yml to configure our Oracle database .
It is reasonably straight forward , but there are a few things to be aware of .
By default your database .
yml file will have something like this :
development : adapter : mysql database : rails_development username : user password : pass
Of course there will also be similar entries for test and production .
Oracle has a slightly different model , we do n’t have to create different databases , we create different database users , so the username and password are used to distinguish between different Oracle dbs .
Our configuration will now look like this :
development : adapter : oracle_enhanced database : YOUR_ORACLE_SID
host : localhost username : user password : pass port : 1522
The differences from the norm are as follows :
you need to have an adapter entry and the value will always be _oracleenhanced
the database entry should contain the SID of your oracle installation , this too will always remain the same
, this too will always remain the same as I mentioned the username and password are not just the credentials but will also identify the Oracle database ( as per how Oracle works )
if you changed the default port ( the default is 1521 ) when installing Oracle you need to specify that too
You will once again need similar entries for test and production to maintain the standard Rails conventions .
Modifying Your Normal Workflow
Of course things are not quite as simple as that ( they never are with Oracle : ) ) .
Firstly , some of the rake commands you ’re used to will not work with Oracle , such as :
rake db : create rake db:drop
You will need to create your Oracle databases by hand , which in “ Oracle world ” means you will need to create some users .
You have to log in to Oracle as an admin user , create another user and give them the right privileges .
To log in to Oracle using sqlplus , you can do the following :
sqlplus admin_user / admin_password as sysdba
You can then execute a series of SQL commands similar to those below , in order to create a new user and give them the right privileges :
CREATE USER my_user IDENTIFIED BY my_password DEFAULT TABLESPACE some_tablespace TEMPORARY TABLESPACE temp QUOTA UNLIMITED ON some_tablespace ; CREATE ROLE my_role ; GRANT all privileges TO my_role ; GRANT my_role TO my_user ;
The tablespace and quota stuff is optional ( I think : ) ) so feel free to leave it out .
If things are still not working after you ’ve configured it all in Rails and tried it out , you can also try :
GRANT all privileges TO my_user ;
This should fix most of the issues you might encounter .
At this point all the migrate commands should work , such as :
rake db : migrate rake db:migrate : down
These are the important ones as far as I am concerned , so I am not too worried about loosing some of the others .
One last thing to note , if you do n’t create a separate development and test user due to laziness or whatever ( which is exactly what happened in my case :) ) , be aware that if you run tests through rake all your dev data will be blown away ( Rails blows away the data in the test database every time ) .
But What If You Need To Deploy To Tomcat ?
Once again the corporate overlords make their presence felt :) and you ’re only allowed to deploy to Tomcat .
You can develop everything in JRuby and then roll a WAR file in the end , but why bother when you have Warbler .
Warbler is a gem that will make a WAR file out of your Rails app – pretty convenient .
They way it does this is by bundling a copy of JRuby ( i.e. you do n’t need to supply it ) and then packaging all the resources in your Rails app into a WAR structure in a sensible fashion .
To install Warbler all you need to do is :
gem install warbler
There are a few different things you can do with Warbler , but you really just want to create a WAR file , so all you need to do is go to the root of your Rails app and type :
warble
This will produce a WAR file for you which you can deploy directly to Tomcat – easy .
There are however a few things to be aware of , especially in our case .
As I mentioned already , make sure you ’re not using any gems that have native extensions ( e.g. hpricot ) .
Warbler will try to bundle all the gems it needs and it will be pretty difficult ( i.e. impossible : ) ) to do the compilation steps from within a container .
We ’re using Oracle , but we will not need the ruby - oc i8 gem ( which has native extensions ) , instead we can use the ojdbc14 JAR .
All you need to do is place the JAR file in your Rails application ’s / lib folder and Warbler will take care of the rest .
Incidentally , if you need to include any other JAR files also put them in the / lib folder of your Rails app .
That ’s it , unless you were doing something really fancy , you should be able to produce a WAR file , drop it into Tomcat and have a working Java web application with no extra effort .
The good thing about this is that you can develop your application in pure Ruby ( i.e. you do n’t need JRuby ) , JRuby only comes into the picture when you need to deploy .
I would recommend deploying as frequently as you can though , to make sure you do n’t run into any unexpected surprises .
If you think this unlikely scenario ( using Ruby on Rails with Oracle for dev and deploying it all as a Java app to Tomcat ) can never happen , think again .
This is all based on “ real world ” events and no animals were harmed in the making of it :) .
There are a couple of other interesting things we did in the course of that project , such as serving user uploaded images from outside the Rails folder structure with the help of quick post about that at a later date , so if you ’re interested – stay tuned .
Image by ellen reitman
From misreporting to no reporting at all , questions keep mounting for the ' paper of record ' about their bizarre record of failure on the ACORN story
UPDATED : AP article on decision appears on NYTimes.com website ...
Ernest A. Canning Byon 3/17/2010 , 9:05 am PT
Guest blogged by Ernest A. Canning
On Wednesday , March 10 , 2010 The BRAD BLOG posted breaking coverage about U.S. District Court Judge Nina Gershon ’s finding that day , that the Congressional funding ban on ACORN was an unconstitutional bill of attainder .
Her finding included an order to resume federal funding to the community group which has been targeted by a years - long GOP smear campaign .
A March 10 AP story covering Judge Gershon 's finding appeared in the March 11 edition of the Washington Post .
It 's now Wednesday , March 17 --- a full week since the historic ruling was issued by a federal judge ( in New York , of all places ) yet , not one word about the ruling has appeared in the New York Times , America 's so - called " paper of record . "
What 's wrong with this picture ?
[ Update 3/19/2010 : See " Correction / Clarification " at end of article .
The Times appears to have run something on this , at least a version of the AP 's coverage , at least on their website , if not in their print editions , after all .
See below for more details and one encouraging point to go with it .
- BF ]
As we now know , the NYTimes has misreported the ACORN " Pimp " Hoax story time and again since last fall , yet both their Senior Editor for Standards , Greg Brock , as seen in emails published by The BRAD BLOG , and their Public Editor ( ombudsman ) Clark Hoyt , as seen in emails also published by The BRAD BLOG , have both refused to issue or recommend corrections despite being shown the gross , factual inaccuracies in the paper 's coverage .
Furthermore , Gershon 's decision last week heavily referenced a report [ PDF ] by the former MA Attorney General Scott Harshbarger , released on December 7 of last year , finding no criminality by ACORN workers as seen in the highly - edited , heavily - overdubbed , secretly - taped videos released last year by James O'Keefe and Andrew Breitbart .
The publication of those videos led to the unconstitutional legislation undone last week by Gershon .
Yet the New York Times has never so much as mentioned the Harshbarger report in its pages either .
So , again , I ask : what 's wrong with this picture ?
* * *
Correction / Clarification by Brad ,
3/19 /10 : Two readers ( " Dot " and " Sam Bogorad " ) have posted links in comments to an AP story , posted at the NYTimes.com website covering Gershon 's decision .
That March 10 AP report did not show up in searches of the Times website , done separately by both Ernie and myself , at the time our article was published ( a week after the decision ) .
Nor did it show up as having been published in the Times up in a separate search of LexisNexis also done prior to publication of this article .
It remains unclear whether the AP report was actually published in the paper edition of the paper at all .
A search of the March 11 , 2010 print version at the Times website , the day it would have run in the paper , returns " 0 results " .
Similar searches for the subsequent day 's print versions also appear to return no results .
The AP report , said on the Times website to have been " Published : March 10 , 2010 Filed at 9:02 p.m. ET " , is the same one that was run at the Washington Post site --- credited there to Larry Neumeister of AP --- as Ernie noted in his article above .
If I can learn more details on if the story was published in the print version and when it was actually posted to the NYTimes.com website , and why it had n't appeared in our separate , independent searches prior to publication , of course , I 'll share it here .
As to that AP report itself , eagle - eyed BRAD BLOG commenter " Lora " notes what appears to be new , and encouraging language on this story from the wire service [ emphasis added ] :
In one video , ACORN employees were shown apparently advising a couple posing as a prostitute and her boyfriend to lie about her profession and launder her earnings ;
That 's a great improvement over AP 's previously inaccurate coverage in which they reported on many occasions --- in stories published by the NYTimes , as we noted when we first began our weeks - long coverage of all of this , ( eg. here , here , here and here ) --- that O'Keefe " posed as a pimp " in those videos .
It 's unclear whether or not AP has issued any corrections , to date , for their previously inaccurate reporting .
I 'm also trying to see what I can learn there as well .
But their new language is certainly an improvement over the old at least !
Perhaps , slowly but surely , we 're getting somewhere here .
For our part , Ernie 's story above was published on March 17th , and the first link to the Times / AP online story was posted yesterday March 18th when both Ernie and myself were separately on the road and off the grid entirely .
We both just caught the comments this afternoon , and thus , our correction / clarification was not posted until this afternoon .
We regret the unavoidable delay in that , and hope to offer more clarity on the entire situation as soon as ( and if ) I can find any .
HISTORY OF SECRET EXPERIMENTATION ON UNITED STATES CITIZENS 1931 Dr. Cornelius Rhoads , under the auspices of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Investigations , infects human subjects with cancer cells .
He later goes on to establish the U.S. Army Biological Warfare facilities in Maryland , Utah , and Panama , and is named to the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission .
While there , he begins a series of radiation exposure experiments on American soldiers and civilian hospital patients .
1932 The Tuskegee Syphilis Study begins .
200 black men diagnosed with syphilis are never told of their illness , are denied treatment , and instead are used as human guinea pigs in order to follow the progression and symptoms of the disease .
They all subsequently die from syphilis , their families never told that they could have been treated .
1935 The Pellagra Incident .
After millions of individuals die from Pellagra over a span of two decades , the U.S. Public Health Service finally acts to stem the disease .
The director of the agency admits it had known for at least 20 years that Pellagra is caused by a niacin deficiency but failed to act since most of the deaths occured within poverty - striken black populations .
1940 Four hundred prisoners in Chicago are infected with Malaria in order to study the effects of new and experimental drugs to combat the disease .
Nazi doctors later on trial at Nuremberg cite this American study to defend their own actions during the Holocaust .
1942 Chemical Warfare Services begins mustard gas experiments on approximately 4,000 servicemen .
The experiments continue until 1945 and made use of Seventh Day Adventists who chose to become human guinea pigs rather than serve on active duty .
1943
In response to Japan 's full - scale germ warfare program , the U.S. begins research on biological weapons at Fort Detrick , MD . 1944 U.S.
Navy uses human subjects to test gas masks and clothing .
Individuals were locked in a gas chamber and exposed to mustard gas and lewisite .
1945 Project Paperclip is initiated .
The U.S. State Department , Army intelligence , and the CIA recruit Nazi scientists and offer them immunity and secret identities in exchange for work on top secret government projects in the United States .
1945 " Program F " is implemented by the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission ( AEC ) .
This is the most extensive U.S. study of the health effects of fluoride , which was the key chemical component in atomic bomb production .
One of the most toxic chemicals known to man , fluoride , it is found , causes marked adverse effects to the central nervous system but much of the information is squelched in the name of national security because of fear that lawsuits would undermine full - scale production of atomic bombs .
1946 Patients in VA hospitals are used as guinea pigs for medical experiments .
In order to allay suspicions , the order is given to change the word " experiments " to " investigations " or " observations " whenever reporting a medical study performed in one of the nation 's veteran 's hospitals .
1947 Colonel E.E. Kirkpatrick of the U.S. Atomic Energy Comission issues a secret document ( Document 07075001 , January 8 , 1947 ) stating that the agency will begin administering intravenous doses of radioactive substances to human subjects .
1947 The CIA begins its study of LSD as a potential weapon for use by American intelligence .
Human subjects ( both civilian and military ) are used with and without their knowledge .
1950 Department of Defense begins plans to detonate nuclear weapons in desert areas and monitor downwind residents for medical problems and mortality rates .
1950
In an experiment to determine how susceptible an American city would be to biological attack , the U.S. Navy sprays a cloud of bacteria from ships over San Franciso .
Monitoring devices are situated throughout the city in order to test the extent of infection .
Many residents become ill with pneumonia - like symptoms .
1951 Department of Defense begins open air tests using disease - producing bacteria and viruses .
Tests last through 1969 and there is concern that people in the surrounding areas have been exposed .
1953 U.S. military releases clouds of zinc cadmium sulfide gas over Winnipeg , St. Louis , Minneapolis , Fort Wayne , the Monocacy River Valley in Maryland , and Leesburg , Virginia .
Their intent is to determine how efficiently they could disperse chemical agents .
1953 Joint Army - Navy - CIA experiments are conducted in which tens of thousands of people in New York and San Francisco are exposed to the airborne germs Serratia marcescens and Bacillus glogigii .
1953 CIA initiates Project MKULTRA .
This is an eleven year research program designed to produce and test drugs and biological agents that would be used for mind control and behavior modification .
Six of the subprojects involved testing the agents on unwitting human beings .
1955 The CIA , in an experiment to test its ability to infect human populations with biological agents , releases a bacteria withdrawn from the Army 's biological warfare arsenal over Tampa Bay , Fl. 1955 Army Chemical Corps continues LSD research , studying its potential use as a chemical incapacitating agent .
More than 1,000 Americans participate in the tests , which continue until 1958 .
1956 U.S. military releases mosquitoes infected with Yellow Fever over Savannah , Ga and Avon Park , Fl. Following each test , Army agents posing as public health officials test victims for effects .
1958 LSD is tested on 95 volunteers at the Army 's Chemical Warfare Laboratories for its effect on intelligence .
1960 The Army Assistant Chief - of - Staff for Intelligence ( ACSI ) authorizes field testing of LSD in Europe and the Far East .
Testing of the european population is code named Project THIRD CHANCE ; testing of the Asian population is code named Project DERBY HAT .
1965 CIA and Department of Defense begin Project MKSEARCH , a program to develop a capability to manipulate human behavior through the use of mind - altering drugs .
1965 Prisoners at the Holmesburg State Prison in Philadelphia are subjected to dioxin , the highly toxic chemical component of Agent Orange used in Viet Nam .
The men are later studied for development of cancer , which indicates that Agent Orange had been a suspected carcinogen all along .
1966 CIA initiates Project MKOFTEN , a program to test the toxicological effects of certain drugs on humans and animals .
1966 U.S. Army dispenses Bacillus subtilis variant niger throughout the New York City subway system .
More than a million civilians are exposed when army scientists drop lightbulbs filled with the bacteria onto ventilation grates .
1967 CIA and Department of Defense implement Project MKNAOMI , successor to MKULTRA and designed to maintain , stockpile and test biological and chemical weapons .
1968 CIA experiments with the possibility of poisoning drinking water by injecting chemicals into the water supply of the FDA in Washington , D.C. 1969 Dr. Robert MacMahan of the Department of Defense requests from congress $ 10 million to develop , within 5 to 10 years , a synthetic biological agent to which no natural immunity exists .
1970 Funding for the synthetic biological agent is obtained under H.R. 15090 .
The project , under the supervision of the CIA , is carried out by the Special Operations Division at Fort Detrick , the army 's top secret biological weapons facility .
Speculation is raised that molecular biology techniques are used to produce AIDS - like retroviruses .
1970 United States intensifies its development of " ethnic weapons " ( Military Review , Nov. , 1970 ) , designed to selectively target and eliminate specific ethnic groups who are susceptible due to genetic differences and variations in DNA .
1975
The virus section of Fort Detrick 's Center for Biological Warfare Research is renamed the Fredrick Cancer Research Facilities and placed under the supervision of the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) .
It is here that a special virus cancer program is initiated by the U.S. Navy , purportedly to develop cancer - causing viruses .
It is also here that retrovirologists isolate a virus to which no immunity exists .
It is later named HTLV ( Human T - cell Leukemia Virus ) .
1977 Senate hearings on Health and Scientific Research confirm that 239 populated areas had been contaminated with biological agents between 1949 and 1969 .
Some of the areas included San Francisco , Washington , D.C. , Key West , Panama City , Minneapolis , and St. Louis .
1978 Experimental Hepatitis B vaccine trials , conducted by the CDC , begin in New York , Los Angeles and San Francisco .
Ads for research subjects specifically ask for promiscuous homosexual men .
1981 First cases of AIDS are confirmed in homosexual men in New York , Los Angeles and San Francisco , triggering speculation that AIDS may have been introduced via the Hepatitis B vaccine .
1985 According to the journal Science ( 227:173-177 ) , HTLV and VISNA , a fatal sheep virus , are very similar , indicating a close taxonomic and evolutionary relationship .
1986 According to the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( 83:4007-4011 ) , HIV and VISNA are highly similar and share all structural elements , except for a small segment which is nearly identical to HTLV .
This leads to speculation that HTLV and VISNA may have been linked to produce a new retrovirus to which no natural immunity exists .
1986 A report to Congress reveals that the U.S. Government 's current generation of biological agents includes : modified viruses , naturally occurring toxins , and agents that are altered through genetic engineering to change immunological character and prevent treatment by all existing vaccines .
1987 Department of Defense admits that , despite a treaty banning research and development of biological agents , it continues to operate research facilities at 127 facilities and universities around the nation .
1990 More than 1500 six - month old black and hispanic babies in Los Angeles are given an " experimental " measles vaccine that had never been licensed for use in the United States .
CDC later admits that parents were never informed that the vaccine being injected to their children was experimental .
1994 With a technique called " gene tracking , " Dr. Garth Nicolson at the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston , TX discovers that many returning Desert Storm veterans are infected with an altered strain of Mycoplasma incognitus , a microbe commonly used in the production of biological weapons .
Incorporated into its molecular structure is 40 percent of the HIV protein coat , indicating that it had been man-made .
1994 Senator John D. Rockefeller issues a report revealing that for at least 50 years the Department of Defense has used hundreds of thousands of military personnel in human experiments and for intentional exposure to dangerous substances .
Materials included mustard and nerve gas , ionizing radiation , psychochemicals , hallucinogens , and drugs used during the Gulf War .
1995 U.S. Government admits that it had offered Japanese war criminals and scientists who had performed human medical experiments salaries and immunity from prosecution in exchange for data on biological warfare research .
1995 Dr. Garth Nicolson , uncovers evidence that the biological agents used during the Gulf War had been manufactured in Houston , TX and Boca Raton , Fl and tested on prisoners in the Texas Department of Corrections .
1996 Department of Defense admits that Desert Storm soldiers were exposed to chemical agents .
1997 Eighty - eight members of Congress sign a letter demanding an investigation into bioweapons use & Gulf War Syndrome .
© 1998-2000 Health News
AUSTRALIA
Post has been accused of secretly monitoring Sydney postal workers using computerised street - side red letter boxes in breach of NSW surveillance laws .
But the postal service says it is entitled to spy on its staff because it is not subject to state laws .
The NSW Attorney - General , John Hatzistergos , has intervened in the dispute and will appear personally in the Federal Court today to argue Australia Post is answerable to criminal prosecution under the state workplace surveillance act .
All street - side collection mail boxes in NSW are monitored by computer .
Australia
Post is able to track when and where each postie or driver accesses the boxes with individual computer keys .
The system was introduced as a measure to stop mail theft .
PORTLAND – A social service agency ’s support for same - sex marriage has cost it local and national funding from the Catholic Church ’s anti-poverty program .
Preble Street ’s Homeless Voices for Justice program has lost $ 17,400 this year and will lose $ 33,000 that it expected for its next fiscal year .
Officials with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Portland and the Washington - based Catholic Campaign for Human Development say that Preble Street violated its grant agreement by supporting Maine ’s “ No on 1 ” campaign last fall .
No on 1 opposed a ballot proposal to overturn the new state law legalizing gay marriage .
Voters approved Question 1 on Nov. 3 .
Homeless Voices for Justice , a statewide advocacy group , is led by people who have been homeless .
It works on issues that affect the homeless , such as supporting affordable housing and preventing violence against the homeless .
Portland - based Preble Street , which runs a dozen programs to provide housing and other services for the poor and the homeless , provides staff support for Homeless Voices for Justice .
Catholics for Marriage Equality has begun an effort to replace the lost funding by raising $ 17,400 for Homeless Voices for Justice .
Anne Underwood , a co-founder of the group that advocates for same - sex marriage , said Bishop Richard Malone is punishing the homeless because of politics .
“ This is petty vindictiveness , ” she said .
“ After the election is over , suddenly the money is revoked from poor people because of a political opinion held by the bishop . ”
Underwood said that many Catholics in Maine will now think twice before donating money to the church to help fight poverty .
“ People who are homeless should not be used in political games , ” she said .
Sue Bernard , spokeswoman for the diocese , said the diocese requires agencies that receive funding to conform to the moral and social teachings of the Catholic Church .
She said Preble Street agreed to that requirement when it applied for the money .
She provided the Portland Press Herald with a copy of Preble Street ’s application , signed by Mark Swann , the agency ’s executive director .
In the application , filled out on Jan. 7 , 2009 , Swann wrote “ no ” when asked if his organization promotes or advocates same - sex marriage .
During the campaign leading up to the referendum in November , Preble Street was listed as a coalition partner on the “ No on 1 / Protect Maine Equality ” Web site .
In December , Catholic Charities Maine , which is led by Malone , sent a letter to Preble Street asking it to return $ 2,400 that the diocese had granted for the Homeless Voices for Justice program .
“ We regret the collaboration must end at this time , ” wrote Sandra Thompson of Catholic Charities Maine , who coordinated the distribution of the church ’s local anti-poverty funds .
“ Accountability to the Catholic community requires this . ”
The local money for the grants is raised every year through special collections in churches around the state .
Bernard said the $ 2,400 will be given to a different group that helps the poor .
The award has not yet been announced .
In his letter returning the money , Swann urged Malone to reconsider the decision .
He said that Homeless Voices for Justice operates under an independent board , which did not take a position on Question 1 .
Punishing the program by “ demanding the return of much - needed funds because of Preble Street ’s advocacy around issues of social justice is deeply troubling , ” Swann wrote .
He said Preble Street decided to join the coalition that opposed Question 1 because issues of sexual orientation are the single greatest cause of homelessness among youths .
He did not comment further on Tuesday , saying his letter could speak for itself .
The Catholic Campaign for Human Development , the national group , awarded $ 30,000 to Homeless Voices for Justice .
It had already given half of the grant when it said in January that it would not provide the rest and asked for a refund of any unspent money .
All of the money had been spent .
The group runs the Catholic Church ’s domestic anti-poverty program .
It had been funding Homeless Voices for Justice for 13 years .
Randy Keesler , a grants specialist for the group , said he was surprised that Preble Street took a position on Question 1 without informing him or anyone else on his staff .
He said his staff learned about it when critics began to use Preble Street ’s position on gay marriage as an example of how the Catholic Campaign for Human Development was taking political positions contradicting the church ’s theological teachings .
“ We liked Homeless Voices a great deal .
I felt badly for having to cancel the grant , ” he said .
“ This was very difficult for us to do . ”
Staff Writer Tom Bell can be contacted at 791-6369 or at : [ email protected ]
Send questions / comments to the editors .
ATHENS — Tens of thousands of Greeks took to the streets Wednesday as much of the country went on a 24 - hour strike against government austerity measures .
A small group of youths threw Molotov cocktails at police , who responded with tear gas .
However , the 20,000 people who filed through downtown Athens — a relatively large crowd for a Greek strike — mostly limited themselves to chanting anti-government slogans .
Public - and private - sector unions called the strike to protest a range of measures aimed at reducing Greece 's budget deficit .
The government has announced a freeze on civil - service wages , cuts in public - sector entitlements and the closing of tax loopholes for certain professions , including some civil servants .
It has also announced a fuel - tax increase .
" There is an all - out war against public servants , those who earn the least , " said Spyros Papaspyros president of ADEDY , an umbrella union for public - sector workers .
" We will fight to keep the little we have .
The government and the EU must understand the crisis must be paid by the rich . "
The government moves are aimed at reducing Greece 's budget deficit , which at about 13 % of gross domestic product last year was well over the EU's 3 % limit .
This has raised the interest rate Greece has to pay to borrow money .
Brussels has ordered Greece to bring the deficit to within the EU limit by 2012 .
From MANN reader Ed :
While many parts of the United States were experiencing record - setting temperatures in January , the Abusegate campaign got warmed up , launching a multi- pronged effort to break the falsehoods and lies of the domestic violence industry .
The high - temperature campaign featured Op - Ed columns , radio interviews , lobbying on Capitol Hill , and internet alerts .
As a result , a Google search on the word “ Abusegate ” now reveals 22,800 hits .
Here ’s a recap of January ’s activities :
Op - Ed Columns
Three major op - eds were published : Trudy Schuett : Abusegate : A Generation Deceived Carey Roberts : Abusegate : The Mother of All Scandals Barbara Kay : The Domestic Violence Industry ’s War on Men Radio Interviews
Leading DV researcher Donald Dutton appeared in 10 radio interviews conducted around the United States – see listing below .
Lobbying on Capitol Hill
On January 22 , Abusegate campaign lobbyists went to Capitol Hill and distributed a flyer titled , “ Abusegate , Investigate ! ” Internet Alerts
Numerous Internet Alerts were published throughout the month .
February is promising to be even bigger than January .
The Abusegate campaign will continue until the Domestic Violence industry warms up to the truth of partner abuse .
( Click ' Read more ' for the list of radio shows that have had commentators on this topic . )
AK Car Design , a less known tuner from Germany , makes his appearance today with a package of tuning for the famous Mercedes AMG SLS .
Currently , everything is at virtually phase .
Mercedes SLS AMG by AK Car Design
Even so , I could not overlook this tuning .
SLS ’s AMG has received a new aerodynamic kit that blends retro style with the modern .
844 848 851
Mercedes SLS AMG by AK Car Design
Has been restyled front grille , redesigned spoilers and a new set of side sills has appeared .
An exhaust system with four pipes could not lack , while the icing on the cake is represented by the new wheels looking electrifying .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Pope Benedict XVI failed to act over complaints during the 1990s about a priest in the US who is thought to have abused some 200 deaf boys , victims say .
As head of the Vatican office dealing with sex abuses , the then Cardinal Ratzinger allegedly did not respond to letters from an archbishop on the case .
A Church trial of the priest was halted after he wrote to Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger pleading ill health .
The Vatican newspaper said the claims were an " ignoble " smear attempt .
The Holy See has been plagued in recent months by abuse cover - up claims in Europe , echoing a similar scandal that hit the Church in the US eight years ago .
ANALYSIS David Willey , BBC Vatican correspondent Hardly a day goes by without new allegations of sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests somewhere in the world being reported in the media .
The Pope 's spokesman defended Benedict , saying the Vatican department which the future pontiff was in charge of had not been informed of these latest allegations until 1996 - 20 years after the priest 's victims first informed the police .
But the Vatican 's rather lame excuse for lack of any action is that canon law , as Church law is called , " does not envision automatic penalties " .
The Catholic Church teaches that paedophilia is a grave sin , but the evidence is that accused priests were usually moved to another parish rather than punished .
While the Pope is now promoting a policy of zero tolerance to clerical abuse , the suspicion remains that for many years he failed to react to the damning evidence which arrived on his desk .
Pressure grows on Pope For more than 20 years before he was made pontiff , Cardinal Ratzinger led the Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith - the Vatican office with responsibility , among other issues , for response to some child abuse cases .
An archbishop wrote letters in 1996 to the Vatican watchdog led by Cardinal Ratzinger calling for disciplinary proceedings against Fr Lawrence Murphy , according to Church and Vatican documents .
Fr Murphy was a popular priest who is believed to have molested some 200 boys at St John 's School for the Deaf in St Francis , Wisconsin , between 1950 and 1974 .
A canonical trial authorised by Cardinal Ratzinger 's deputy was halted after Fr Murphy wrote to the future pope asking that proceedings be stopped , despite objections from a second archbishop .
The accused priest said in the letter that he was ill and wanted to live out the remainder of his time in the " dignity of my priesthood " .
Victims say Fr Murphy - who died in 1998 - assaulted boys while hearing their confessions , in his office , his car , at his mother 's house and in their dormitory beds .
He was quietly moved to the Diocese of Superior in northern Wisconsin in 1974 , where he spent his last 24 years working freely with children in parishes and schools , according to one lawsuit .
Lawsuits have been filed on behalf of five men alleging the Archdiocese of Milwaukee in Wisconsin did not take sufficient action against the priest .
' Fall on the sword '
At a news conference on Thursday in Milwaukee , one of the victims , Arthur Budzinski , said Fr Murphy had begun to assault him when he was 12 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Neither the clerical authorities , nor the police had intervened when he reported it , the 61 - year - old said .
Mr Budzinski was asked through a sign language interpreter what he wanted to see happen now .
" Ratzinger can have all of the colonels and lieutenants they want fall on the sword for him , but eventually he has to ' fess up , " the interpreter said .
Meanwhile , members of a group of clerical abuse victims who denounced Benedict 's handling of the case in a news conference outside the Vatican were briefly detained by Italian police for not having a permit .
' Despicable intention '
The Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano said there was no cover - up , denouncing the allegations as " clearly an ignoble attempt to strike at Pope Benedict and his closest aides at any cost " .
The Pope 's official spokesman , Federico Lombardi , called it a " tragic case " , but said there was no provision in Church law for automatic punishment .
Fr Lawrence Murphy died in 1998 with no official blemish on his record
He noted that police did investigate the allegations at the time but did not press charges .
The papal spokesman said the Murphy case had only reached the Vatican in 1996 - two decades after the Milwaukee diocese first learned of the allegations and two years before the priest died .
The diocese was asked to take action by " restricting Father Murphy 's public ministry and requiring that Father Murphy accept full responsibility for the gravity of his acts " , he added .
Last week the Pope issued an unprecedented letter to Ireland addressing the 16 years of clerical cover - up scandals .
He has yet to comment on his handling of a child sex abuse case involving a German priest , which developed while Benedict was overseeing the Munich archdiocese .
The Rev Peter Hullermann had been accused of abusing boys when the now Pope approved his 1980 transfer to Munich to receive psychological treatment for paedophilia .
The disgraced priest was convicted in 1986 of abusing a youth , but stayed within the Church for another two decades .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The key to building online business .
Create a website and throw in some ads and you got it made Right ?
Wrong .
What they do n’t tell you is everything you need to know about making one web page let alone a whole site .
The reason I put this page up on my guitar site is because this is how I got the site started .
I tried other ways and they all failed .
Do you know how to …
Create a good website name
Register your Domain Name so it works right
Find a good web host - this is where your site will live
How to upload files to your web host
Write html , CSS or javascript – Web browser languages
Submit to the search engines – Your site wo n’t exist unless
Get incoming links that will work ( no search engine tricks )
Write articles that make people want to read more
Find ways to make money with a website
All without losing a lot of money and your mind
This is a short list .
There are many other aspects of web activities going on behind the scene .
Site Build
It – Is The Answer
What is SBI ?
Site Build it is a service that guides you through building an online business .
They provide the web hosting , Domain registration , search engine pinging and lots more .
If You Can Use a Keyboard – You Can Do It
SBI has all the tools and know - how you need to successfully build a website and a web business
They will guide you through building an online business and all you have to know is how to use a word processor like notepad or the Mac equivalent .
If you would like to understand more about the process and how it ’s possible for anyone to start an online business check out the link below
How Much ?
Before you read any more you probably want to know what this will cost .
It costs me a little over $ 300.00 per year which is a good buy considering all the behind the scene things they take care of .
They have started a monthly payment too if you do n’t want to put out the whole amount at once .
It ’s less than a dollar a day which is very cheap for all you get .
That includes your domain name and registration , web hosting for the year , e-mail account , 5000 newsletters a month and lots more .
You get guided through any set - up you need like putting a form on your site .
There is a large forum with helpful people that have been there and done that in case you get stuck .
They provide other services too , let ’s say you already have a business but your not on the web .
They can build your site for you for an extra charge of course .
They keep their prices very reasonable and they over deliver .
In other words you get a lot more than you thought you were getting .
No Get Rich Quick Scheme
Building an Online Business
The only thing you have to do is work at it .
This is not a get rich quick scheme .
It ’s about building an online business for years to come .
You will get a list of the steps to take and if you get stuck at any point there are plenty of people in the forums that have been there to ask for advice .
Check out the different life situations below and see if one fits you .
P.S. It ’s Risk Free
All the below links take you to different SBI pages that will help explain how it works for different situations and people
Who Needs SBI ?
Building Online Business
Anybody that wants to have a website for profit or pleasure .
What are your interests , what do you do for work or pleasure .
You wo n’t believe some of the topics people are making a living at online .
The subjects are endless
See all the different types of sites created by SBI users .
Different Strokes – Different Folks
Here are some of the people or situations people are in that use or can use SBI for building online business .
College Student ?
Here is a chance to earn money while you go to school .
No traveling all you need is a computer and an internet connection .
This is n’t a get rich scheme you will have to do some work .
No , you do n’t have to take your clothes off .
This is n’t about doing someone else ’s school work either .
Full Time Mom ?
Building Online Business
What you are doing for your children is priceless .
But did you know you could make some money and still take care of the kids ?
All you need is a computer , an internet connection and a little time like while they nap and a little ambition .
Retired or Planning on ?
Do you have enough money to retire ?
How many of us can say yes to that question ?
Are you depending on the company you work for ?
What type of work do you do or did you do ?
Find out how to turn that knowledge into income .
Are You an Expert ?
Building Online Business
Whatever you do there other people that want to know how you do it and are willing to pay for this knowledge .
Learn how to make your knowledge sell .
Just about any subject people want to know about is a good subject .
Collecting stamps , mountain climbing , taking care of kids , people want your knowledge .
Find out if people want to learn about your expert advice
Web Master ?
Building Online Business
Are you a web master struggling to get traffic and make some money ?
SBI can get you going in the right direction with your existing website
Are you attracting the right type of visitors to your site ?
Picking out a Niche
Building Online Business
Are you interested in having a website but you do n’t know about what .
SBI can guide you along and help you pick out a subject you and your visitors want to know about .
It helps to know a little about your subject but if you have a strong interest in a subject that could be enough if you are willing to do some research
There is a lot of help especially in the forums .
Most people have been at the stage you are at now
Do You have a Favorite Passion ?
Do you have a passion about something .
It can be almost any subject as long as others share a passion about it too .
It can be about collecting dolls , a particular food , baseball cards or a sport like scuba diving or sky diving .
Being passionate about your subject will make writing about it that much easier .
Do you bore people talking about it ?
That ’s a good sign because you have the whole world to find other people that wo n’t find it boring .
Your future site visitors and customers
Local Business Owner ?
Building Online Business
Do you have a local business .
You can increase the number of customers that come to your place of business by having a website .
Depending on what goods or services you offer you may also be able to start shipping your product out of the normal range of your business
You can also offer specials and sales for much less money than your local newspaper to increase sales .
You will also reach people that did n’t know your place existed .
No Time ?
SBI has services that will build your site for you if you do n’t have the time or just plain do n’t want to do it yourself .
Hard Goods
Do you want to sell hard goods like clothing or electronic products or do you have a site selling hard goods that could use more business .
SBI can help you start or improve on an existing site .
The number of people buying hard goods online is increasing every day .
Real Estate Business
Building Online Business
Learn how SBI can benefit your real estate business .
Get potential customers moving into your area before your competition does .
People can browse your properties online without you wasting your time on tire kickers
Auctions
Is auctions your thing .
Find out how to make more money and not have to depend totally on ebay to make money
Skeptics
If you read all the way down to here you must have a slight interest in what SBI can do for you and your family
This page below will take you where you can see all the proof that SBI works if you do too
This is not a get rich quick scheme .
You will have to do some learning and research but there is plenty of help through tools and forums .
Are you ready to see what is possible ?
Questions
If you have any other questions just click on the image below .
Free Trial
Building Online Business
Try it and see for yourself .
If you are serious about building a website SBI is the only site that will show you proof that their system works for anybody willing to work at it .
It ’s a step by step process thats easy to follow .
Try SBI – Number One for Building an Online Business
A once - wealthy businessman and prominent donor to Democratic candidates pleaded guilty on Thursday to stealing hundreds of millions of dollars to buy property in Westchester County , donate to charity and give money to political campaigns .
“ I am deeply ashamed of my conduct , ” the man , Hassan Nemazee , 60 , told Judge Sidney H. Stein in Federal District Court in Manhattan .
“ I accept full responsibility for my actions . ”
In September , federal prosecutors charged Mr. Nemazee , who had raised money for Bill and Hillary Rodham Clinton , John Kerry and Barack Obama , with running a Ponzi scheme from 1998 to 2009 that obtained $ 292 million in fraudulent loans from Bank of America , Citibank and HSBC .
At the time of his arrest on Aug. 25 , Mr. Nemazee , the Iranian - American son of a shipping magnate , was chairman and chief executive of Nemazee Capital , a holding company with investments in private and public companies .
In pleading guilty to three counts of bank fraud and a count of wire fraud , Mr. Nemazee , of Manhattan , told the judge that his misdeeds began when he was facing “ severe financial difficulties . ”
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton engaged in some fearmongering on Iran on Sunday on Candy Crowley ’s CNN magazine show , State of the Union .
Here is how the exchange went :
‘ CROWLEY :
If you were to say to the American people , this country is the most dangerous to Americans and to the U.S. , where is that country ?
CLINTON : You know , Candy , in terms of a country , obviously a nuclear - armed country like North Korea or Iran pose both a real or a potential threat .
CROWLEY : And you ’re convinced Iran has nuclear …
CLINTON : No , no , but we believe that their behavior certainly is evidence of their intentions . . .
Kudos to Crowley for not letting that ridiculous assertion pass .
To put Iran in the same category as North Korea in 2010 and to make it among the primary ‘ threats ’ challenging the United States is just bizarre .
The US intelligence establishment continues to doubt that Iran has or wants a nuclear weapons program .
Tehran does have a nuclear enrichment program , which is permitted by the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Iran allows United Nations inspections of it nuclear facilities .
Although Iran is not as transparent as the UN International Atomic Energy Agency would like , there is no dispositive evidence of a weapons program .
For the Secretary of State to frame Iran as she did is just muddled or dishonest .
Clinton again repeated that the new facility near Qom is evidence that Iran intends to build a bomb .
But then head of the International Atomic Energy Agency Mohammed Elbaradei was invited to inspect it in late October and found a ‘ hole in a mountain ’ with no equipment or uranium on - site .
The facility is too small to be an efficient producer of High Enriched Uranium for bombs , and is more likely intended to serve as a repository of equipment and know - how that cannot be bombed by the Israelis or Americans .
It is a trick of the Washington Establishment to scare apparently easily frightened Americans into a conviction that some small , poor , third world country is a dire threat to the most massively funded and armed military in the world .
Repeating falsehoods is one way the Big Lie is implanted , that then allows US belligerence to be unquestioned at home .
Clinton did go on to defend the Obama administration ’s attempts to engage North Korea and Iran ( again , placing them on the same plane ) , but not on the grounds of success in negotiations .
Rather , she argued that attempting to engage the problem countries made it easier , when the negotiations failed , to convince countries such as Russia and China ( in N. Korea ’s case ) or Russia ( in the case of Iran ) to ratchet up sanctions at the UN .
But if all engagement accomplishes is to make imposition of sanctions easier , it is n’t really engagement , it is just posturing .
Here is the video :
News from Iran will be spun by the US press to justify Clinton ’s fears .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad made headlines Sunday by directing Iran ’s ( regularly inspected ) nuclear research establishment at Natanz near Isfahan to begin attempting to enrich uranium to 19.75 % so that that country will eventually have the ability to supply its own fuel for its sole reactor that produces medical isotopes for treating , e.g. , cancer .
Any uranium enriched to 19.75 % and fed through the reactor is transformed into isotopes and then used up .
Note that Iran is openly announcing this decision and is informing the International Atomic Energy Agency of it , in accordance with the Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Nor is it something they ’ll be able to accomplish soon .
Iran ’s PressTV reports on the Western reaction to the announcement :
But if all Iran does is enrich to 19.75 % ( the upper level of low - enriched uranium ) for the isotope reactor and then use up the isotopes , this step is the least dangerous one it could take .
Iran in the past bought the enriched uranium for the isotope reactor from Argentina .
So it would be nothing new if Iran came to possess that grade of LEU .
Iran ’s government is horrible , but it is less dictatorial than that of the Argentinean generals of the 1970s and early 1980s who developed Buenos Aires ’ nuclear enrichment capabilities to the point where it really could have made a bomb .
But the country foreswore any such ambitions despite its knowledge .
Iran likewise denies it wants a bomb , and there is no good evidence to the contrary .
It is just that Washington adored the far rightwing generals in Argentina who made people disappear in the thousands , and did n’t care if they had the Bomb .
And much of Washington is determined to lie about what is known of Iran ’s capabilities and intentions .
The list of other countries capable of producing LEU of 19.75 % includes Brazil , China , France , Germany , India , Israel , Japan , Holland , North Korea , South Korea , Pakistan , Russia , the United Kingdom , and the United States .
There would be nothing extraordinary about Iran joining this list , and none of the others on it except N. Korea is being sanctioned – and that is for constructing a bomb , which Iran is not doing .
Argentina was sanctioned neither for enriching to 19.75 % nor for selling that stock of LEU to Iran !
And South Korea was never sanctioned for secretly enriching to 77 % , near bomb grade , something Iran has never been accused of .
It is not dangerous for Iran to produce low enriched uranium , whether for reactor fuel for the nuclear electric plants it is building or for its small medical isotopes reactor ( given to it in 1969 by the United States ) .
It would be dangerous if Iran determined to enrich to 95 % to make a bomb .
In order to do so , it would have to evade all US electronic surveillance , withdraw from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and throw out the UN inspectors .
No country being actively and continuously inspected by the IAEA has ever developed an atomic bomb .
The US National Security Agency can hear a walkie - talkie conversation in the jungles of Guatemala , and for Iran to hide a decision to make a bomb would be very difficult .
The US has also been successful in enticing Iranian nuclear physicists into defecting , with insider knowledge and documents .
The idea that Iran could conceal a major enrichment facility somewhere is far - fetched , because enrichment is a water - and electricity - intensive activity that can be detected .
Even just the building activity for the new small facility near Qom showed up on US satellite surveillance .
Does the step Ahmadinejad announced on Sunday make sense for Iran ?
The answer is yes .
Jeffrey Lewis of the New America Foundation writes that :
‘ Iran has developed plans to use naturally occurring uranium as a “ target ” for producing an important medical diagnostic isotope of molybdenum , an isotope whose decay product can be used to scan for cancers in bone , heart , lung , and kidney .
Iran already imports a sizable quantity of this pharmacological radionuclide but producing it indigenously would not only save Iran a considerable amount of money each year , much more than it would pay for the fuel for the reactor it would use to produce it , but also allow a more efficient use of this short lived isotope by preventing the decay of nearly half of the amount bought before it even reached the patients .
Perhaps the biggest incentive indigenous production of 99Mo in Iran would be the encouragement of its entire nuclear medicine infrastructure ; an infrastructure that might right the imbalance of medical isotopes into this developing country relative to other nations . ” ‘
>
Iran is already producing low enriched uranium for reactor fuel .
That it has decided to produce a higher grade of it for its medical infrastructure is neither surprising nor a cause for panic .
You ’ll know if Iran decides to build a bomb .
It will throw out the inspectors or refuse them access , including to places the US detects a huge electromagnetic signature but which Iran declines to declare as facilities .
None of that has happened .
Until then , the world should relax .
End / ( Not Continued )
R.A. Wilson : Optimist ?
Lily Tomlin used to say , “ I try to be cynical , but I ca n’t catch up . ”
Dystopian science fiction , similarly , has a hard time keeping up with the actual growth of the police state .
In the Illuminatus !
Trilogy , written back in the early ’ 70s , Hagbard Celine spoke of the efforts of Illuminati conspirators within the government to create the pretext for a full - scale police state crackdown , and provoke public support for it , through a systematic campaign of political assassinations and terror .
The Illuminati grip on power , Celine said , was still weak .
Although they ’d made serious inroads toward creating a corporatist economy and laying the legal groundwork for full - scale dictatorship , they were prevented from fully implementing their plans by the threat of a public backlash .
The goal of their black flag terror and assassination campaign was to make the public beg for totalitarian control “ as a masochist begs for the whip . ”
The result would be that , “ in a few years , ” they would have the American public under tighter surveillance than Hitler had Germany .
I think Wilson , writing tongue in cheek , seriously underestimated just how easily the public could be brought around to scream “ Non habemus regem nisi Caesarem ! ”
The Drug War and the War on Terror have served very nicely , from the police statists ’ perspective , in playing out a sort of Reichstag Fire / Enabling
Act scenario in slow motion over the past twenty or thirty years .
Just take a look at the actual measures Celine predicted :
Universal electronic surveillance .
No - knock laws .
Stop and frisk laws .
Government inspection of first - class mail .
Automatic fingerprinting , photographing , blood tests , and urinalysis of any person arrested before he is charged with a crime .
A law making it illegal to resist even unlawful arrest .
Laws establishing detention camps for potential subversives .
Gun control laws .
Restrictions on travel .
The only one that ’s still completely ( give or take ) out of bounds for the government is inspection of first - class mail .
Even there , I was once told by a postal clerk that the local postmaster might open packages with “ media mail ” postage to verify that they qualified for it .
And there are recurring “ smart stamp ” proposals aimed at making it impossible to send anything anonymously by mail , or to use the mail without a permanent address .
As for the rest of it ….
Although “ illegal wiretapping ” became a prominent issue under Bush , Echelon ’s automatic surveillance of phone and Internet traffic , and the harvesting of keywords by the NSA ’s mainframes in Ft. Meade , have been standard practice for decades .
No - knock warrants are standard for virtually any drug - related offense .
Stop and frisk ?
One word answer : Giuliani .
I believe fingerprinting and drug tests have been automatic for arrestees in many jurisdictions for a long time , and are routinely carried out now even in many emergency rooms .
I once Googled “ resist even unlawful arrest ” and found that exact phrase in a district court opinion establishing a duty of automatic compliance with all pro forma demands by persons in uniform .
Besides , if you ask to see a warrant they ’ll probably just stomp the shit out of you and then claim it was in “ self - defense ” ; the police commission , after a few weeks of paid leave , will find “ no evidence of wrongdoing . ”
The McCarran Internal Security
Act provided for detention of “ subversives ” in the event of a “ national emergency , ” and a wide range of subsequent executive orders did likewise .
I ’m pretty skeptical about tinfoil hatters ’ allegations that camps are being deliberately built for that specific purpose in any particular case — but the Japanese nisei learned in 1942 that the government ’s pretty good at improvising such things at very short notice .
Gun control ?
Do I really even need to comment ?
Restrictions on travel ?
The TSA , with wandings and no - travel lists probably spreading to trains and buses sooner than later .
Random DUI roadblocks .
In short , R. A. Wilson ’s “ science fiction ” turned out to be a fairly lowball estimate of what ’s actually happened .
By David Harsanyi - March 26 , 2010
The mob is furious .
And while it hollers on about " killing " bills , Republicans stoke the fury by calling on citizens to " target " races in " battleground " states .
Get it ?
" Target . "
The violent intentions are palpable .
Most Americans abhor violence and no serious person has offered excuses or rationalized the actions of the smattering of loons who have threatened politicians who voted for health care reform .
But this campaign of distraction mounted by Democrats meaning to smear millions of Americans involved in legitimate political expression is as transparent as it is distasteful .
The narrative : Fearful underdog Democrats ( true if you ignore their notable majorities in both houses of Congress and control of the presidency ) are fending off hordes of ferocious , irrational detractors to do what 's right .
Democrats insist Republicans must condemn - over and over - this imaginary rise of widespread radicalism .
In doing so , they are implicitly accusing Republicans of controlling the aforementioned radicals .
Other Democrats , like Majority Whip Jim Clyburn , went as far as to claim that Republicans were " aiding and abetting terrorism " against Democrats .
For those grappling with history , here 's what a " mob " looks like : furious citizens raiding the Bastille , stabbing and decapitating its governor , Marquis Bernard de Launay , and placing his head on a pike to parade around Paris streets to cheering crowds .
Or , to put it in more contemporary terms , think anti-capitalist , stone - throwing , Starbucks - hating , economic - justice thugs .
Or perhaps radical environmentalists who burn down housing projects and research facilities for Mother Earth .
For a domestic terrorist , you wo n't need to go farther than your local Chicago university to spot a Weatherman - sorry , Weatherperson .
And one would think that with all the threats politicians get every year , they would be more serious about whom they accuse .
Rep. Russ Carnahan , for instance , claims that a coffin was displayed near his home , which I will grant would be awfully intimidating - unless , of course , it turned out that the coffin was used in a peaceful political candlelight prayer vigil , as it was .
( Go to Google for pictures . )
Maybe Carnahan confused prayer candles for torches .
We also heard terrible ( third - hand and unsubstantiated ) reports of folks spitting out " N " words and " F " words at representatives walking through Washington protests .
Now , I would n't be surprised if it happened .
It happens all the time .
" I 've received threats since I assumed elected office , not only because of my position , but also because I'm Jewish , " said Republican Whip Eric Cantor , who had a bullet shot through his office Monday .
" I 've never blamed anyone in this body for that .
Period . "
Democrats claim that the " mischaracterizing " of the substance and motives of their health - reform legislation generates angry and violent reaction .
Well , I suppose that 's subjective .
There is a strong case to be made that the Republican characterization of Obamacare is far closer to reality than that offered by Democrats .
The real problem is that Tea Partiers represent the means of obstruction .
They must be discredited , first as robotic foot soldiers of the insurance companies , then as out - of - control and potentially violent mobs .
Neither is true .
Or , as the president likes to say , it 's just another distraction .
Darwin doubters have sometimes questioned evolutionary theory by asserting that no “ missing link ” exists between humans and other primates .
But the fossil record shows that there was no instant leap to humanity : rather our species ’ physical hallmarks appeared gradually over the past several million years .
“ Humans did not suddenly come into existence , but we share features with many other [ species ] , ” John G. Fleagle , an anatomist at Stony Brook University , has said .
Fingernails evolved 54 million years ago ( mya ) and the opposable thumb 25 mya , for instance .
The pelvis shape needed for walking upright as well as the knee appeared more than 3.5 mya , and the foot arch arose around 1.8 mya .
Although skull construction was set around 35 mya , brains only ballooned in size between 2 and 1 mya , and the chin dates from around 200,000 years ago .
With apologies to Shakespeare ’s Hamlet : what a patchwork is a man .
One feature that visibly separates us from most other mammals is our lack of fur .
As Nina G. Jablonski explains in our cover story , “ The Naked Truth , ” the transition of hirsute to hairless helped to set the stage for the emergence of large brains and symbolic thought .
The appearance of bare skin was one of a suite of adaptations that allowed our ancestors to thrive on the savanna as grasslands expanded in Africa starting about three million years ago .
Our forebears abandoned their easier foraging habits , traveling longer distances through a tropical landscape to acquire sufficient food to survive .
Adding meat to their diets meant more calories , but finding prey also took more work .
Their activity level increased and with it their need to dissipate body heat to avoid tissue damage .
By 1.6 mya , protohumans had long legs for sustained walking and running .
Along with that trait came naked skin and a large number of eccrine sweat glands , which produce moisture that removes body heat through evaporative cooling .
The hairs on our head also help to combat overheating , by shielding our big brain from direct sun .
Although the board of editors did n’t plan it this way , many of the other feature articles in this issue also examine changes over time .
The connection is most direct in “ The Art of Bacterial Warfare , ” by B. Brett Finlay , which describes the ancient battle between infectious agents and their human hosts .
But other articles also describe “ evolution ” in various areas .
Whereas Finlay ’s article focuses on inner space , for instance , “ Cloudy with a Chance of Stars , ” by Erick T . Young , looks at outer : how stars arise and change over time , a seemingly simple question that has long puzzled astronomers .
“ The Prolific Afterlife of Whales , ” by Crispin T. S. Little , explores how sunken whale carcasses today — and dinosaurs millions of years ago — support a series of ecosystem oases on the seafloor .
Even “ Better Mileage Now , ” by Ben Knight , looks at how internal - combustion engines are changing , creating improved performance .
By explaining such advances , Scientific American strives to fulfill its mission of demystifying a changing world .
WHILE injuries inflicted on a mother koala and her baby at Morayfield this week by an idiot with a slug gun should be lamented , the destruction of 25,000 koalas during the past 10 years by men in suits should not be ignored .
Australian Koala Foundation CEO
Deborah Tabart said yesterday the destruction of remaining koala habitat by miners and poor planning decisions to accommodate infrastructure to support the unsustainable push for population growth were doing far greater damage than one idiot with a slug gun , as awful as his action had been .
The baby koala , which has been named Doug , is fighting for its life at the Australian Wildlife Hospital at Beerwah after being found at the base of a tree in Morayfield .
His mother , who carers have named Meryl , was found 30 m up the tree .
She too was injured by slug gun pellets .
Doug is expected to be operated on today .
Ms Tabart said whoever was responsible may be a product of the planning that was destroying koalas on a grand scale to build social ghettos on the Coast .
“ They are stacking people in and up with no provision for education , after - school activities or any of the characteristics that reflected what was once Australian lifestyle , ” Ms Tabart said .
“ I fight so hard for koalas because what happens to them and their habitat ultimately affects everyone through appalling land use decisions .
“ We can all lament what happened to Doug , but there are terrible decisions being made that are destroying koalas in their thousands . ”
Ms Tabart said she had received phone calls this week from Toowoomba people who were in tears about a coalmining operation that would destroy a huge koala habitat and also had received calls from western Queensland farmers who were being forced to stand aside to allow miners on to their land .
She said here on the Coast the declaration of projects as critical infrastructure at the stroke of a pen by the state government would see habitat destroyed for the sake of population growth and with it any chances of the koala ’s survival .
“ You find politicians are more interested in applying band - aids than stopping this happening in the first place , ” Mr Tabart said .
“ The documents all talk about protecting the koala but there is no sense of that reality in what is actually happening . ”
Meanwhile , police have launched a major hunt for the perpetrator of the Morayfield shootings .
If caught he or she faces fines of up to $ 300,000 .
Connecting leading candidates to the world ’s finest science jobs
Access the world ’s best science jobs
Photograph by Austin Hargrave
Al Jazeera English ’s Witness takes a fascinating look at how the homeless survive in Sin City ’s underground tunnels :
“ Under the Neon ” is an extraordinary journey below the surface of the bright lights of Las Vegas , to meet some of the city ’s homeless people who are battling to make a home for themselves under the streets of gold in the city ’s storm - drains and tunnels .
Some of Australia 's best and brightest have joined a global campaign for a so - called Robin Hood tax .
The tax , technically known as a Tobin tax , would take a tiny levy from each of the trillions of financial transactions that happen every millisecond on global markets .
In Australia , Reverend Tim Costello and comedian Julian Morrow are among those urging action .
Advocates say the tax would reduce damaging financial speculation and create a giant pool of money that could be used to feed the hungry and combat global warming .
In a YouTube campaign video , actor Bill Nighy plays a reluctant banker who is gradually sold on the merits of what has been dubbed the Robin Hood tax .
It is a modern version on the old theme of taking from the rich to give to the poor , a minute tax on all financial transactions other than routine banking by the public .
Advocates say the tiny tax would raise hundreds of billions of dollars to combat global warming , reduce poverty and repair the battered finances of governments after the global financial crisis .
Ethicist Peter Singer is among other prominent Australians who have joined the global campaign .
" We 're talking about a really tiny tax .
We 're talking about , not 1 per cent , not a tenth of 1 per cent , but a 20th of 1 per cent , " he said .
" Obviously I 'm most interested in the fact that it can raise funds from all the world to help the world 's poorest people and to help pay for the damage that we 're doing to them through climate change .
" But there 's also an economic argument that it will reduce the volatility of international markets .
" That is , instead of huge billions of dollars being thrown around the world for a few moments here and there to earn a tiny profit , a very , very small tax would have an inhibiting effect on that . "
' Naive ' plan
A tiny tax that curbs the speculation that makes mega- profits for banks like Goldman Sachs and helps make poverty history : it sounds too good to be true , and critics say that is because it is .
Dr Sam Wylie , a senior fellow at the Melbourne Business School , says the idea is being promoted by well - meaning but naive people .
" It 's not a very good idea .
It has the potential to do quite a lot of damage and very little good , " he said .
" There 's certainly some great people involved .
I know that Tim Costello and Peter Singer , for instance , are tremendous Australians and powerful intellects promoting this idea .
" But they 're not finance people .
They 're great in their own fields but I really feel that they do n't understand the complexity of the modern financial system . "
Dr Wylie says the tax would undermine legitimate attempts to hedge risk .
" Most of what 's going on in transactions in financial markets is hedging and not speculation , " he said .
" If you 're a company like Qantas , [ that ] faces a lot of risk associated with the oil price and so they put in place a set of hedges to control the oil price risk that they face .
" A Tobin tax says if you want to adjust your hedging position , you have to pay for that .
" A Tobin tax says to National Australia Bank , who borrow money overseas in US dollars , bring it to Australia and lend it to Australian households to build and buy houses .
" If you want to hedge your foreign exchange risk , which they simply have to do , if you want to change your hedging position , you have to pay for that .
" So it actually has the potential to do a lot of damage .
People think that most of what 's going on in these transactions is really to do with wild speculation .
But that 's just not right . "
Hedging a gamble
But University of NSW professor and expert on banking and finance law and policy , Ross Buckley , disagrees .
He says what some call " hedging " is really a financial punt that lasts only a few seconds .
" That 's simply not true .
I mean , nobody hedges for two seconds , right ?
Nobody hedges for nanoseconds , " he said .
" A substantial proportion of transactions in modern financial markets are for less than a second .
The asset is bought , held and sold - the total time period is less than a second .
That 's not a hedge , that 's a gamble , like at the race track .
" In Australia [ a Tobin tax ] would probably create something upwards of $ 1 billion a year , maybe $ 1.3 billion or $ 1.4 billion .
Globally , maybe $ 350 billion to $ 400 billion .
" What you do with it is a political decision , but the way the lay of the land is at the moment is probably about half of it goes to the governments that are collecting it , in an ideal world , not more than half , and the other half gets used to global public goods .
" Even if a quarter of this tax went to global poverty , that would be as much as the total aid budget of all rich countries today .
" If another quarter went to climate change adaptation , that would be $ 100 billion a year . "
AFP
IN THE world of poultry farming , the sexes are unequal .
Broilers aside , hens can look forward , if that is the right phrase , to productive and reasonably long lives as layers of eggs for human consumption .
Cocks are generally for the chop , a process that vexes animal - welfare activists .
Only those few needed to keep the species going are allowed to live beyond chickdom .
Sorting the quick from the soon - to - be - dead , though , is a tedious process .
“ Vent sexing ” , the most common way , requires a worker to squeeze a chick 's anal vent , or cloaca , to clear the faeces and assess the size of a telltale bump inside the hole .
Not the most popular of jobs .
The alternative , “ feather sexing , ” is a form of cross - breeding that leaves females with detectably longer pin feathers than those of their male counterparts .
This is slightly more salubrious , but the long - feather gene has been linked to other traits that may be undesirable to hatcheries , such as cancer .
That discourages hatchers from adopting the method .
Yet chicken - sexing is a huge industry .
The world 's population of laying hens is now nearly six billion strong , according to the United Nations 's Food and Agriculture Organisation .
That is very nearly one hen for every human being .
Time , then , to mechanise the process .
And that is precisely what Tauseef Butt , a biomedical engineer and the boss of LifeSensors , of Malvern , Pennsylvania , proposes to do .
Dr Butt 's new device is an oestrogen sniffer .
It relies on the fact that female embryos produce this hormone in quantity and male ones do not .
The sensor uses a fine needle to penetrate both the shell and the allantoic sac of an egg .
This sac is a fluid - filled membrane that cushions the embryo and helps it trade carbon dioxide for oxygen from the air .
( It is also the membrane that can make peeling a hard - boiled egg such a frustrating affair . )
The fluid sample thus extracted is mixed with genetically engineered yeast cells that fluoresce in the presence of oestrogen .
The light so generated is recorded by a camera linked to a computer that keeps track of where the egg that produced the sample is now stored .
Initial experiments , reported recently in the Journal of Animal Science , show that the process does not affect the hatchability of tested eggs , and appears to be virtually foolproof , if rather long - winded ( the results are available only after two hours ) .
In future , Dr Butt envisages , the egg - sorting operation of a large hatchery might look like this : A conveyor belt moves the eggs along , gently jostling them until their allantoic sacs point upright .
They then pass beneath an array of needles , which draw fluid from each .
That done , they are sorted into bar - coded trays .
Two hours later , once the samples have been analysed and the sex of each egg determined , they are returned to a sorter and divided by sex .
The unfortunate male embryos then end up as pet food while the females go on to their lives as egg - mothers .
It would require some engineering ( and a significant amount of storage space ) to incorporate such a system into a hatchery .
But the tweaks on the actual production line would be relatively minor , according to Dr Butt , and could be incorporated into the existing systems of robotic injectors used to pump vaccines into unhatched eggs .
Dr Butt reckons the cost of his system would be two or three cents per egg .
The savings in labour , and in the cost of feeding and vaccinating cocks that slip through the existing procedures , should outweigh this .
Sad for the redundant sexers , of course .
But , as the adage has it , you can't make an omelette without breaking eggs .
“ Was I shocked ?
No .
But I grieved for the grisly fate of those elephants , ” says Tanat Suvattanametakul .
Last week we made a posting about the largest Ivory seizure in Thailand to date .
This is an update to that article interviewing Tanat Suvattanametakul , director of the Clearance Customs Bureau at Suvarnabhumi airport where the Ivory was found .
Tanat , during the interview expresses his feelings about the seizure and first discovering it .
He goes in to depth explaining how poachers and crime syndicates are going to great lengths to get perfectly matched tusks , so that they are worth more on the market .
The article also explains the value of the ivory that was seized and even how many elephants were killed for that particular shipment .
Furthermore , the interview explains how smugglers are beginning to take more complicated shipping routes in hopes of fooling authorities .
To Read the Full Article and Interview … Click Here
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Maybe you own a dry cleaning shop .
Or a restaurant .
Or a small factory that makes , oh , bearings for wind turbines .
Maybe you ’re the CEO of a larger firm – a utility , or a toolmaker , or even Google .
What would the health care reform bill mean for your business ?
Healthcare 101 : What the bill means to you
Quite a bit .
It could affect business decisions on health coverage for employees at tens of thousands of firms .
Let ’s start with a caveat : that dry cleaner , and probably the restaurant , might be too small to be affected by some of the most important business - related elements in the bill .
Employers with 50 or fewer workers would be exempt from coverage provisions .
But for top executives at firms with 50 workers or more , the most important question may be this : would the health care reform bill require us to offer health insurance to our employees ?
The answer to that is “ no , ” strictly speaking .
But if you do n’t , you might have to pay fairly large fees to Uncle Sam .
How does the bill work for businesses ?
Here ’s how that works :
If you are a firm with more than 50 employees , and do not offer health insurance as a benefit , and at least one of your full - time employees gets a subsidy from the federal government to purchase health insurance on his or her own , you would have to pay Washington a fee of $ 2,000 for every one of your full - time workers .
( Company accountants take note : you could subtract the first 30 of your employees from that assessment . )
Got that ?
Also , even if you do offer coverage , you might have to take some extra action to help any of your low - or middle - income workers who want to buy insurance on their own .
Take an employee who makes less than 400 percent of the federal poverty level , which today is about $ 10,800 for an individual , or $ 22,000 for a family of four .
Perhaps that employee is finding firm - offered insurance expensive .
If their share of health premiums is more than 8 percent of their income ( but less than 9.8 percent ) , they would have the option of going out and buying insurance on their own through the new - fangled “ exchange ” marketplaces the health care reform bill would establish .
And you , as an employer , would have to help them .
You ’d have to provide them a “ free choice voucher ” equal to what the firm would have kicked in to provide coverage in the company plan .
When do the changes take effect ?
All of the above changes would take effect beginning on Jan. 1 , 2014 .
One final item : if you ’re a firm with more than 200 employees , and you do offer health insurance , you would have to automatically enroll your workers in the plan .
They could opt out of the coverage .
But they are the ones that would have to make that decision .
Join the healthcare reform discussion on Facebook
Health Care Reform Bill 101 :
Introduction :
What the bill means to you
Part 1 : Who must buy insurance ?
Part 2 : Who gets subsidized insurance ?
Part 3 : What 's a health ' exchange ' ?
Part 4 : How long will reform take ?
Part 5 : Who will pay for reform ?
Part 6 : What will it mean for business ?
Part 7 : What does it mean for kids and families ?
Part 8 : What does it mean for seniors ?
Part 9 : Rules for preexisting conditions
Part 10 : Will it make health care more effective ?
WASHINGTON — ( AFP )
The longer people use cannabis or marijuana , the more likely they are to experience hallucinations or delusions or to suffer psychosis , according to a study released Saturday .
The study found that people who first used cannabis when they were aged 15 or younger were twice as likely to develop a “ non-affective psychosis ” — which can include schizophrenia — than those who had never used the drug .
ADVERTISEMENT
The research led by John McGrath from the University of Queensland in Australia was based on a survey of 3,801 people with an average age of 20.1 years , the US - based Archives of General Psychiatry reported .
“ Among all the participants , a longer duration since the first time they used cannabis was associated with multiple psychosis - related outcomes , ” the study said .
Of the group , 17.7 percent reported using cannabis for three or fewer years , 16.2 percent for four to five years and 14.3 percent for six or more years .
Sixty - five were diagnosed with “ non-affective psychosis ” , such as schizophrenia , and 233 had at least one hallucination , the study said .
“ Individuals who had experienced hallucinations early in life were more likely to have used cannabis longer and to use it more frequently , ” it said .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the relationship between psychosis and cannabis use was complex , it said .
People who were vulnerable to psychosis , in other words had isolated psychotic symptoms , “ were more likely to commence cannabis use , which could then subsequently contribute to an increased risk of conversion to a non-affective psychotic disorder , ” the research said .
The article said previous studies had also identified an association between cannabis use and psychosis but there were concerns that research had not adequately accounted for confounding variables .
In 2005 , Texas voters passed a constitutional amendment banning same - sex marriage .
But a Houston lawyer now says the poorly worded 22 - word clause might mean all marriages in Texas are now in limbo .
The amendment declares that " marriage in this state shall consist only of the union of one man and one woman . "
Barbara Ann Radnofsky , a Democratic candidate for attorney general , says the problem with the amendment is in the wording of Subsection B .
That wording states , " This state or a political subdivision of this state may not create or recognize any legal status identical or similar to marriage . "
The people who worded the amendment included that language to ban same - sex civil unions and domestic partnerships in Texas .
But Radnofsky says the wording effectively “ eliminates marriage in Texas , ” including common - law marriages .
Read the full story here .
The San Jose Sharks were a team once destined for the President 's Trophy .
Then came March .
At the end of February , San Jose was 40 - 13 - 9 , and on pace for 118 points .
The Sharks were cruising through their schedule and well in front of the division and conference .
Since then , they 've gone 3 - 5 - 1 , including five straight losses .
Thus far in March they 've lost to lower - tier teams Florida , Anaheim , Dallas and Calgary .
Something has gone wrong for the Sharks , but what ?
The always - engaging Gabriel Desjardins blames the team defense , saying " The only thing that 's keeping the Sharks in the game is Evgeni Nabokov 's high save percentage . "
But the brutal results in March are a different story .
via www.sportslogos.net
SB Nation 's Sharks vs Oilers coverage
Fear The Fin
Vic Ferrari's excellent Time On Ice tool shows that the Sharks have continued to outshoot in March , but the strong goaltending has disappeared .
In March , only four players have been outshot - Jed Ortmeyer , Ryan Vesce , Brad Staubitz , and Jason Demers and the latter three are the only ones with a negative Corsi .
A closer look shows that over those nine games , San Jose 's goaltenders have only managed a .884 even strength save percentage , a terrible number for a high - level team , and lower than even Devan Dubnyk 's .899 for the season .
Prior to March , the Sharks goalies kept them in it with a ..934 save percentage at even strength and the Sharks outscored their opponents 129 - 99 at evens .
The Sharks have given up 26 goals in their six losses and 8 goals in their three wins .
Their overall save percentage in the losses is a brutal .843 and in the wins .917 .
This is n't a special teams fluke either , the Sharks have been outscored 23 - 17 at evens despite outshooting 240-199 .
Maybe it 's a post -Olympic hangover , but neither Thomas Greiss nor Evgeni Nabokov played a huge number of games and both had a nice rest after being eliminated .
So if Gabe 's conclusions are correct - that Nabokov has rescued the Sharks this year - this team might be in some trouble if Nabokov collapses down the stretch .
British Ambassador in Kuwait brought home after Embassy worker gets pregnant ... risking 100 lashes
Tangled web : Ambassador Michael Aron is said to have had an affair
Britain's Ambassador to Kuwait has left his post following claims that he had an affair with a married Embassy worker who is now pregnant .
Michael Aron has moved back to Britain to take up a job in Whitehall – just over a year after starting the important role in the Middle East .
His return came after rumours of an affair with brunette Victoria Cumming , who is 15 years his junior , began circulating among the wealthy ex-pat community .
Miss Cumming , 35 , worked at the British Embassy in Kuwait City and is married to Kuwait - based bank executive David Fisk .
She has now left their luxury apartment and returned to Britain .
Friends say she plans to remain here until the baby is born .
Mr Aron , 50 , has been married to Dr Rachel Aron , 48 – the British Ambassador to Belgium – for 23 years and the couple have four children , aged 23 , 20 , 15 and 13 .
They are now understood to have separated .
The Mail on Sunday yesterday put detailed questions to the Foreign Office regarding the alleged affair .
But a spokesman would only say : ‘ We do n’t comment on the personal lives of individual employees or internal personnel issues . ’
Under Kuwait ’s strict Sharia Law , married couples who commit adultery can face a punishment of 100 lashes or three years in prison .
Foreign nationals face the same penalty and are usually deported .
According to the Embassy ’s website , each of Mr Aron ’s predecessors remained in their post for at least three years .
However , his tenure lasted just over 12 months .
Mr Aron , who is now deputy director of Middle East Affairs at the Foreign Office , with a brief including security issues , diplomatic relations and conflict in the region , was contacted by this newspaper regarding the allegations .
Pregnant married Embassy worker Victoria Cumming , pictured here with husband David Fisk .
Friends say she made no secret of who the baby 's father is , meaning she could be punished under Sharia law
He said : ‘ What do you want me to say ? ’ before putting down the phone .
Miss Cumming is said to have been upset since returning to the UK and was described as ‘ tearful ’ .
It is not known whether the pair have been in contact since leaving Kuwait .
Miss Cumming ’s husband of nine years , David Fisk , who works for Gulf Bank as a communications executive , has remained at their apartment in the upmarket Sha’ab district of Kuwait , popular with diplomats and oil executives .
Yesterday he was on holiday in nearby Oman – 3,700 miles from Britain .
Asked about his wife ’s alleged affair and the pregnancy claims , he said : ‘ OK .
Right , and what do you expect from me ? ’ adding : ‘ I do n’t think there ’s anything more to discuss really . ’
When we asked the concierge at the seaview block about Miss Cumming , he said immediately : ‘ Oh yes , I know her , she is the very pregnant English lady .
She has returned to the UK , but her husband is still living here . ’
Michael has been married to Dr Rachel Aron , Ambassador to Belgium , for 23 years
Miss Cumming was a member of the British Ladies Society in Kuwait , of which Mr Aron was a Patron .
The society features on the Embassy ’s website and its functions include a range of black - tie balls , held on traditional British anniversaries such as Burns Supper Night , a Poppy Ball on Remembrance Day and a St David ’s Day ball .
The new patron of the society is Maria Pilar Fernandez Baker , the wife of Mr Aron ’s replacement , Frank Baker .
One source close to Miss Cumming claimed she openly boasted that she was expecting the British Ambassador ’s child .
She said : ‘ Vicki told us all that the baby was Michael ’s and made no secret of it .
We were all surprised because she is a married woman living with her husband .
‘ Under Sharia law , she could face imprisonment if it was proved that the baby was not her husband ’s , but she did n’t seem to care who knew .
‘ The next we knew Michael announced he was leaving just before Christmas , even though he ’d been in the post barely a year .
He said he was being promoted and returning to London to take up a new posting .
‘ I was puzzled because he told me that his wife Rachel , who visited last summer with their two youngest children , would be coming to join him in Kuwait when her posting came to an end this year . ’
Mrs Aron , who has been ambassador to Belgium for the past two years and joined the Foreign Office in 1984 as a desk officer in Cyprus , said : ‘ So how do you think that is helpful to me ? ’
Asked to comment further , she laughed and said : ‘ It ’s a joke .
Thank you .
Goodbye . ’
Mr Aron and his wife , who met while working for the Foreign Office , own a £ 650,000 white wood - panelled detached property in Otford , near Sevenoaks , Kent , which is currently being rented out .
One of the tenants at the property said : ‘ My wife heard from the letting agent that the Arons were selling because they had separated and we are due to move out in May . ’
Several opportunities will arise throughout your job search for you to network with professionals in your career field .
Take advantage of these opportunities to advance in your career .
1 . You do n’t go because you think you do n’t know anyone .
Chances are , not everyone at the event knows each other .
You wo n’t be the only one .
Just relax and remember that most everyone is there for the same reason – to network .
2 . You do n’t know how to introduce yourself .
These are professional events , carry yourself as such – be genuine .
Introduce yourself ( first and last name ) , shake their hand , and use their name when you leave the conversation to help yourself remember , “ It was nice meeting you , Ronda . ”
3 . You do n’t know how to work a room .
When you ’re at a networking event , do not stand in the same place and wait for people to come to you .
Sometimes , employers attend these events to look for potential candidates ; this is your opportunity to show them what you are really made of .
4 . You sound negative about the people or companies for which you have worked .
Your first impression should be a positive one .
If you speak negatively of your former employer , companies may think you ’ll speak just as bad about their company if you leave .
Microsoft has issued Security Advisory ( 980088 ) to address a publicly disclosed vulnerability in Internet Explorer that may allow information disclosure for Windows XP users or for users who have disabled Internet Explorer Protected Mode .
The advisory explains that content can be forced to render incorrectly from local files in such a way that information can be exposed to malicious websites .
The vulnerability was discussed in depth at this week 's Black Hat DC conference by Jorge Luis Alvarez Medina , a security consultant with Core Security Technologies who revealed the issue a day after Microsoft released an out - of - band security bulletin for the browser .
Here 's the official description of the briefing : " In this presentation we will show how an attacker can read every file of your filesystem if you are using Internet Explorer .
This attack leverages different design features of Internet Explorer entailing security risks that , while low if considered isolated , lead to interesting attack vectors when combined altogether .
We will also disclose and demonstrate proof of concept code developed for the scenarios proposed . "
Users running a version of Internet Explorer that does not have Protected Mode , or users who have decided to disable Protected Mode , are exposed to an attacker who can access files with an already known filename and location .
Versions affected include Internet Explorer 5.01 and IE6 SP1 on Windows 2000 SP4 , as well as IE6 , IE7 , and IE8 on supported editions of Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 .
Microsoft made sure to note that Protected Mode prevents exploitation of this vulnerability and is running by default for IE7 and IE8 on Windows Vista , Windows Server 2008 , Windows 7 , and Windows Server 2008 R2 .
Redmond also underlined that it is currently unaware of any attacks trying to use the vulnerability and is actively monitoring the situation and may provide a security update on an upcoming Patch Tuesday or an out - of - cycle patch once it is ready .
The next Patch Tuesday is scheduled for February 9 , 2009 , but we 're not likely to see a patch out that soon .
As always , Microsoft is recommending users upgrade to IE8 ( the company urged users to upgrade away from IE6 and XP after hacks affecting IE6 last month ) .
In the meantime , the software giant listed five mitigating factors for the vulnerability :
Protected Mode in IE7 / IE8 on Windows Vista and later limits the impact of the vulnerability .
In a Web - based attack scenario , an attacker could host a webpage that is used to exploit this vulnerability or do so via a webpage that accepts or hosts user - provided content or advertisements .
In all cases , however , an attacker would have no way to force users to visit these websites and would have to convince them to do so , which is typically achieved via an e-mail or instant message .
An attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could gain the same user rights as the local user .
Users whose accounts are configured to have fewer user rights on the system could be less affected than users who operate with administrative user rights .
By default , Internet Explorer on Windows Server 2003 and Windows Server 2008 runs in a restricted mode known as Enhanced Security Configuration .
This mode sets the security level for the Internet zone to High and so is a mitigating factor for websites that you have not added to the Internet Explorer Trusted sites zone .
By default , all supported versions of Outlook , Outlook Express , and Windows Mail open HTML e-mail messages in the Restricted sites zone , which should mitigate attacks trying to exploit this vulnerability by preventing Active Scripting and ActiveX controls from being used .
However , if a user clicks a link in an e-mail message , the user could still be vulnerable to exploitation of this vulnerability through the Web - based attack scenario .
Microsoft outlined three workarounds in the security advisory .
The first is to modify Internet Explorer 's settings : set the Internet and Local intranet security zone settings to " High " to prompt before running ActiveX Controls and Active Scripting in these zones .
The second suggests configuring Internet Explorer to prompt before running Active Scripting or disabling Active Scripting completely in the Internet and local intranet security zone .
The third one is to enable Internet Explorer Network Protocol Lockdown for Windows XP .
It requires editing the Windows registry , but thankfully Microsoft has created a " Fix it for me " for this workaround , available at KB 980088 .
Just click the " Fix this problem " link and you 're good to go .
The Fix It automates Network Protocol Lockdown and can be run on individual systems and deployed by enterprises through their automated systems .
( This post inspired by Petteri Räty ( betelgeuse ) 's similar post
For this year 's Gentoo GSoC projects , I 'm a mentor on two of our suggested ideas ( but also interested in totally new ideas that fit my fields ) :
upstart on Gentoo
Distfile Fetcher Intelligence
Samba with Active Directory : getting closer
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
From one point of view , Samba is open source high drama at its finest : an early adopter of version 3 of the GNU General Public License , and the recipient of an unprecedented release of formerly proprietary Microsoft documentation , thanks to a high - profile anti-trust case .
Meanwhile , though , it 's the low - profile software that implements the Server Message Block ( SMB ) file - sharing protocol , sometimes known as CIFS .
Samba powers every inexpensive NAS device in the computer store — without even a mention on the box — and comes with all the common Linux distributions and with Apple 's Mac OS X Server .
Today , as Samba comes closer to implementing a key Microsoft directory protocol , the two aspects are being forced together .
Samba creator Andrew Tridgell , better known as Tridge , posted to his blog , " There has been a lot of progress recently in the development of the directory server capabilities of Samba4 . "
In a half - hour screencast video , he demonstrated a development version of Samba acting as a Microsoft Active Directory domain controller in a mixed environment .
" We are making very rapid progress now , " he added .
Active Directory ( AD ) is a central repository for all the administrative information that a modern Microsoft Windows site needs .
Besides user names and passwords , AD functions as a DNS server , stores network configuration policy such as firewall rules , and acts as a back - end for applications ' configuration .
Microsoft Exchange , for example , is completely dependent on it .
AD is made up of " domains " which are data structures that contain groups of objects , which might represent everything from an individual printer to the entire company sales force .
Domains can then be collected up into " forests " .
A company might have many AD domains within its forest , and everything in the forest can be managed by the same administrators .
Because AD is such a critical service , Windows sites typically install multiple AD servers , which replicate their data using a formerly secret protocol .
The Samba team received Active Directory documentation , including the server - to - server protocol , as part of an agreement made in response to a European Commission antitrust case in 2007 .
The documents have helped the project , Tridge said :
Stefan Metzmacher had managed to decode some very important parts of the protocol as part of his thesis work , but we were still missing some key parts of the puzzle .
The documentation from Microsoft filled in many of these key elements , and perhaps more importantly , Microsoft has been very willing to engage with us to fill in any gaps that we find , including working directly with traces of Samba talking to Windows domain controllers to enable us to debug our implementation .
The documentation project was a huge project from the Microsoft side .
Tridge described it this way :
I think it is fair to say that the WSPP / MCPP documentation effort is one of the largest efforts in IT history to document a set of network protocols .
The sheer scale of the effort means that there are inevitably errors and omissions .
We have been pleased at how Microsoft has responded to our reports of these errors by providing us with additional documentation where needed .
In the video , Tridge demonstrates provisioning an Active Directory domain on a Samba server , running a development version of Samba from shortly before Samba 4 alpha 11 .
Once the Samba server is running , he then starts a copy of Microsoft Windows Server 2008R2 Standard as a guest under VirtualBox , and runs the Windows " dcpromo " command to have it join the domain as a domain controller .
A few clicks and entries in the " Active Directory Domain Services Installation Wizard " later , the Windows box is ready to reboot and come up as part of the domain originally created on Samba .
It takes about 30 seconds to synchronize key information for the newly - created domain .
This step might take hours on a larger , longer - running domain .
Samba 4 has a few limitations , compared to a Windows AD server .
There is only one domain per forest , and only one site per domain , but Tridge says that removing those limitations are near - future priority tasks .
Windows administrators , like sysadmins everywhere , fall all over the " lumpers " vs. " splitters " spectrum , and anyone but extreme lumpers with simple configurations will need the ability to define separate domains , for departments and roles , and separate sites , for physical locations .
The remaining manual step is to add the Windows domain controller to the DNS zonefile on the DNS server .
Microsoft 's Active Directory handles DNS duties itself , while Samba relies on the system nameserver .
A change to a Samba AD domain requires a corresponding change to a zonefile on the nameserver .
" What we do n't yet support in Samba 4 is the ability to create arbitrary DNS names within a Bind9 server using Kerberos authenticated DNS requests , " he said .
" Microsoft stores DNS within Active Directory .
We can't join a Windows domain controller as a new DNS server , so have to rely on the Unix machines to provide DNS , " he added .
After recording the screencast , Tridge did write a script to automate the needed zonefile changes , he said .
Tridge 's screencast shows the Windows box successfully syncing with the Samba server , and a user added on the Windows side shows up quickly in a search of the Samba server .
Samba 4 is also able to join an existing AD domain .
A tool called " vampire " is the Samba - side equivalent of the " dcpromo " command on Windows .
Tridge demonstrated using it to add a second Samba server to the domain , ending up with a domain with two Samba servers and one Windows server .
This ability means that an administrator could soon add a Samba appliance to an existing AD network , reducing the number of actual Windows servers needed .
Integration and the " Franky " concept
Samba 4 is an ambitious rewrite , which has been in progress since 2003 .
Meanwhile , Samba 3 has been through many releases with incremental improvements , and currently works well as a member , but not a domain controller , of an Active Directory domain .
Samba 3 is " closer and closer to Windows compatibility in timestamps and Windows ACLs .
It 's harder and harder to tell us from a Windows box , " Samba team member Jeremy Allison said .
Thanks to extensive usage and bug reports , Samba 3 has gained the ability to handle real - world client quirks , while Samba 4 has focused on the big AD problem but not faced the day - to - day beatings of production use .
Tridge said that in addition to remaining AD work , " we also need to find out exactly how we will achieve our stated goal of re-integrating the great file sharing and printing work that has been done in the Samba3 branch with all of the work on Active Directory server support in Samba4 . "
Samba developers have been discussing ideas for combining the new functionality in Samba 4 with the existing Samba 3 code .
One design for a combined project , called " Franky , " short for " Frankenstein , " would run Samba 3 , listening on the SMB ports ( 139 and 445 ) , along with Samba 4 listening on the ports required for AD support .
Another alternative would be to run Samba3 , but pass through AD - related requests to Samba4 .
" Obviously this will require quite a lot of merge work , but we believe this may be possible to achieve in 2010 , " Jeremy said on the Samba team blog .
Tridge said :
We need to have a single common file server component and printing component again .
The strain on the team of having two implementations of the file serving component is too great .
One way of achieving that is via something like the ' Franky ' approach , but that has a significant downside of making deployment and administration of Samba more difficult .
We need to put more thought into how we can make it easy for administrators , while also offering the best set of features from both branches .
" I 'm expecting a fairly heated discussion at SambaXP this year , " said John Terpstra , Samba team member and chief software architect of ClearCenter , which produces a web - administered distribution for small and medium businesses .
The SambaXP conference is scheduled for May 3rd - 7th , 2010 in Göttingen , Germany .
Licensing and downstream
Samba with Active Directory is still not on downstream roadmaps .
Simo Sorce , Principal Software Engineer at Red Hat , who maintains Samba packages for Fedora , said that project is looking at including Samba 3.5.0 in Fedora 13 , if it 's ready in time .
But AD is still in the future .
For future releases , " We will wait until the solution is stable enough that upgrades wo n't mean your server has a good chance of breaking , " he said .
ClearCenter 's ClearOS combines network gateway with VPN , web and mail filtering , Samba file server , Kolab groupware , and web - based administration tools into a package designed for resellers to deploy at small businesses and branch offices .
Samba is a key part of the company 's product , which competes with Microsoft Small Business Server but with a monthly subscription bill instead of an up - front license price .
ClearOS is based on CentOS , a rebuild of Red Hat Enterprise Linux , but includes Samba 3.4 in place of CentOS 's 3.0 package .
" ClearOS 6 is going to ship pretty quickly after Samba 4 ships , " John said .
Samba adopted version 3 of the GPL in 2007 .
One effect of the new license was to prohibit downstream Samba resellers from entering into new patent license agreements covering Samba , like the controversial Novell - Microsoft patent deal of 2006 .
Samba 's license change does n't affect Novell , whose contract predates the GPLv3 cutoff date , but according to the Samba web site , " Patent covenant deals done after 28 March 2007 are explicitly incompatible with the license if they are ' discriminatory ' under section 11 of the GPLv3 . "
No GPL v2 fork has emerged , and , Jeremy says , the license change " has essentially been a complete non-issue . "
Downstream vendors ship Samba on everything from tiny NAS devices that connect to a USB drive , up to IBM's Scale Out File Services , which runs clustered Samba on top of IBM 's proprietary General Parallel File System ( GPFS ) .
" What Samba does is it turns the CIFS server into a commodity , allowing people to compete on back - end scaled clustered filesystems , " Jeremy said .
All of the Samba code is under individual copyrights , without assignment .
" It 's completely impossible to be bought out , " Jeremy said .
" No one can get any advantage over anyone else in the Samba code . "
As part of the agreement with Microsoft , the company must disclose any of its patents that it believes are necessary to implement its protocols , and it has not added any to its list since reaching the agreement .
Microsoft has been " very cautions about breaking compatibility , " Jeremy said .
" With Windows 7 , Microsoft made sure that it would work with a Samba 3 domain controller . "
Microsoft ended support for Windows NT 4 , the last of its OS products to implement the old NT Directory Services system , at the end of 2004 , and Windows 7 does not work with an NT4 domain controller , he added .
Help wanted
As you might expect , the Samba team is looking for help .
Tridge invites new contributors : " Join the #samba - technical IRC channel ( on the FreeNode network , irc.freenode.net ) , join the samba - technical mailing list , and get involved with the development process .
Point out what the priorities are for Samba4 before you would consider deploying it , and help us to prioritize our development to meet your needs . "
Jeremy asks would - be redistributors and SMB appliance vendors to work on functionality they anticipate needing .
" If you 're planning on a product within the next 18 months , the earlier you get involved the more chance you get to steer it to do the things you need to do , " he said .
" If you need Samba to interface with a particular filesystem , give us a VFS module that will let us do that , " Jeremy said .
Contributions to Samba itself have to be licensed under the GPLv3 , but the team does want to be able to run Samba on the user 's choice of clustered filesystem .
Then , as Jeremy posted , " Once we have a merged code - base , we 'll declare victory , ship Samba4 and have the biggest darn release party since Duke Nukem Forever shipped and revolutionized computer gaming ! :-) . "
Samba 3 has served well as an essential file server , and Samba 4 has broken new ground in Microsoft protocol discovery , but eventually , one way or another , there will be one Samba again .
News
Hashtech Launches Nano series of Kiosks
New models incorporate latest technologies including thin client and Atom processors .
Prices drop by around 60 % over existing models .
Mumbai , India , June 30 , 2009 -- " If our models do n't knock you down , the prices sure will , " said Harish Sukhwal at the launch of the two new models of Kiosks under the Nano series .
Specifically designed for the Indian environment , these machines are rugged to withstand extreme operation conditions and come at prices that are " atleast 50 - 60 percent lower than what is available in the market .
We have been able to achieve these prices by taking advantage of new technologies like thin clients and the Atom series of processors .
Apart from the low cost of acquisition , the new kiosks also have low overall cost of operation due to their frugality in consuming power . "
The two machines launched today include :
HSK Nano ZW 0921 : Based on Intel 's Atom processor this wall mount is a monster performer that sips power .
Ideally suited for locations where space is a premium .
Can be used to run a wide variety of media from movies , to flash presentations and all types of kiosk software .
Typical locations would be airports , rail and bus stations , malls , hospitals , movie theaters , exhibitions and educational institutes .
These sleek models are very portable and serve as a great movable informational display .
HSK Nano ZF 0931 : Based on Intel 's Atom processor this wall mount is a monster performer that sips power .
The floor standing model ( that comes with frosted acrylic sheets and back lighting ) is ideally suited for environments where the kiosk body will be used for publicity .
Can be used in both indoor and outdoor locations .
New models incorporate latest technologies including thin client and Atom processors .
Prices drop by around 60 % over existing models .
Mumbai , India , June 30 , 2009 -- " If our models do n't knock you down , the prices sure will , " said Harish Sukhwal at the launch of the two new models of Kiosks under the Nano series .
Specifically designed for the Indian environment , these machines are rugged to withstand extreme operation conditions and come at prices that are " atleast 50 - 60 percent lower than what is available in the market .
We have been able to achieve these prices by taking advantage of new technologies like thin clients and the Atom series of processors .
Apart from the low cost of acquisition , the new kiosks also have low overall cost of operation due to their frugality in consuming power .
" Based on Intel 's Atom processor this wall mount is a monster performer that sips power .
Ideally suited for locations where space is a premium .
Can be used to run a wide variety of media from movies , to flash presentations and all types of kiosk software .
Typical locations would be airports , rail and bus stations , malls , hospitals , movie theaters , exhibitions and educational institutes .
These sleek models are very portable and serve as a great movable informational display .
Based on Intel 's Atom processor this wall mount is a monster performer that sips power .
The floor standing model ( that comes with frosted acrylic sheets and back lighting ) is ideally suited for environments where the kiosk body will be used for publicity .
Can be used in both indoor and outdoor locations .
Contact Information
Hashtech Systems Pvt Ltd
Karan
+91 9870600026
+91 22 28988736
info@hashtech.com ;
www.hashtech.com
www.hashkiosk.com
Karan+91 9870600026+91 22 28988736www.hashkiosk.com Copyright© 2014 Hashtech Systems Pvt. Ltd. | Privacy Policy
News Type Theory Comes of Age
Benjamin C. Pierce , University of Pennsylvania .
Photograph by Sallie Dean Shatz
When the philosopher Bertrand Russell invented type theory at the beginning of the 20th century , he could hardly have imagined that his solution to a simple logic paradoxdefining the set of all sets not in themselveswould one day shape the trajectory of 21st century computer science .
Once the province of mathematicians and social scientists , type theory has gained momentum in recent years as a powerful tool for ensuring data consistency and error - free program execution in modern commercial programming languages like C# , Java , Ruby , Haskell , and others .
And thanks to recent innovations in the field , type systems are now moving beyond the realm of data structure and into more complex domains like security and networking .
First , a quick primer .
In programming languages , a type constitutes a definition of a set of values ( for example , " all integers " ) , and the allowable operations on those values ( for example , addition and multiplication ) .
A type system ensures the correct behavior of any program routine by enforcing a set of predetermined behaviors .
For example , in a multiplication routine , a type system might guarantee that a program will only accept arguments in the form of numerical values .
When other values appearlike a date or a text stringthe system will return an error .
For programmers , type systems help prevent undetected execution errors .
For language implementers , they optimize execution and storage efficiency .
For example , in Java integers are represented in the form of 32 bits , while doubles are represented as 64 bits .
So , when a Java routine multiplies two numbers , the type system guarantees they are either integers or doubles .
Without that guarantee , the runtime would need to conduct an expensive check to determine what kinds of numbers were being multiplied before it could complete the routine .
What distinguishes a type system from more conventional program - level verification ?
First , a type system must be " decidable " ; that is , the checking should happen mechanically at the earliest opportunity ( although this does not have to happen at compilation time ; it can also be deferred to runtime ) .
A type system should also be transparent ; that is to say , a programmer should be able to tell whether a program is valid or not regardless of the particular checking algorithm being used .
Finally , a " sound " type system prevents a program from performing any operation outside its semantics , like manipulating arbitrary memory locations .
Languages without a sound type system are sometimes called unsafe or weakly typed languages .
Perhaps the best - known example of a weakly typed system is C .
While C does provide types , its type checking system has been intentionally compromised to provide direct access to low - level machine operations using arbitrary pointer arithmetic , casting , and explicit allocation and deallocation .
However , these maneuvers are fraught with risk , sometimes resulting in programs riddled with bugs like buffer overflows and dangling pointers that can cause security vulnerabilities .
By contrast , languages like Java , C# , Ruby , Javascript , Python , ML , and Haskell are strongly typed ( or " type safe " ) .
Their sound type systems catch any type system violations as early as possible , freeing the programmer to focus debugging efforts solely on valid program operations .
Back to Top
Static and Dynamic Systems
Broadly speaking , type systems come in two flavors : static and dynamic .
Statically typed languages catch almost all errors at compile time , while dynamically typed languages check most errors at runtime .
The past 20 years have seen the dominance of statically typed languages like Java , C# , Scala , ML , and Haskell .
In recent years , however , dynamically typed languages like Scheme , Smalltalk , Ruby , Javascript , Lua , Perl , and Python have gained in popularity for their ease of extending programs at runtime by adding new code , new data , or even manipulating the type system at runtime .
Statically typed languages have restrictions and annotations that make it possible to check most type errors at compile time .
The information used by the type checker can also be used by tools that help with program text - editing and refactoring , which is a considerable advantage for large modular programs .
Moreover , static type systems enable change .
For example , when an important data structure definition is changed in a larger program , the type system will automatically point to all locations in the program that also need change .
In a dynamically typed language it would be extremely difficult to make such changes in larger programs as it would be not known what other parts are affected by the change .
On the other hand , some correct programs may be rejected by a static type system when it is not powerful enough to guarantee soundness .
In an effort to make static type systems more flexible , researchers have developed a number of extensions like interface polymorphism , a popular approach introduced by object - oriented languages like Simula , C++ , Eiffel , Java , or C# .
This method allows for inclusion between types , where types are seen as collections of values .
So , an element of a subtypesay , a squarecan be considered as an element of its supertypesay , a polygonthus allowing the elements of different but related types to be used flexibly in different contexts .
Another form of polymorphism , found in almost all programming languages , is ad hoc polymorphism ( also called overloading ) where code behaves in different ways depending on the type .
This approach has found its fullest expression in Haskell , thanks in part to the efforts of Philip Wadler , professor of theoretical computer science at the University of Edinburgh .
" When we designed Haskell , it quickly became clear that overloading was important and that there was no good solution , " says Wadler .
" We needed overloading for equality , comparison , arithmetic , display , and input . "
The Haskell system has evolved considerably over the years , thanks to the contributions of a far - flung group of contributors .
" Once we 'd come up with the initial idea of type classes , it led to a vast body of work , all sorts of clever researchers coming up with neat extensions to the system , or applying it do things that we'd never thought it could do , " says Wadler .
Today , Haskell ranks as the programming world 's premier case study in ad hoc polymorphism .
The dream of unifying static and dynamic type systems has long fascinated researchers .
Today , several computer scientists are probing the possibility of merging these approaches .
Wadler is pursuing a promising line of research called blame calculus that attempts to incorporate both static and dynamic typing , while Erik Meijer , a language architect at Microsoft Research , proposes to use " static typing when possible , dynamic typing when necessary . "
The theory for refinement types has existed for a long time , but recent progress in automatic theorem proving makes refinement types suddenly practical .
Back to Top
Security Type Systems
In recent years , researchers have also been exploring type systems capable of capturing a greater range of programming errors such as the public exposure of private data .
These emerging type systems are known as security type systems .
Whereas a traditional type system enforces rules by assigning values to data types , a security type system could apply the same principle of semantic checking to determine the owner of a particular piece of information .
Those annotations could then help ensure the integrity of data flowing through the system .
Two promising security research projects include the AURA programming language , developed by Steve Zdancewic , associate professor of computer science at University of Pennsylvania , and Jif , a Java - based security - typed language developed by Andrew Myers , associate professor of computer science at Cornell University .
Another interesting application of type checking involves hybridizing type systems and theorem provers .
" Historically , there have been two parallel tracks in the software engineering world : type systems and theorem provers .
The type systems track has always emphasized lightweight methods , " says Benjamin C. Pierce , professor of computer science at the University of Pennsylvania , " but the formal methods people are n't interested in that .
Today , they 're starting to meet in the middle . "
Pierce points to refinement types , which are types qualified by a logical constraint ; an example is the type of even numbers , that is , the type of integers qualified by the is - an - even - number constraint .
While the theory for refinement types has existed for a long time , only recent progress in automatic theorem proving makes refinement types suddenly practical .
A promising security project was recently performed by Andrew D. Gordon , principal researcher at Microsoft Research Cambridge , and colleagues .
They added a system of refinement types to the F# programming language and were able to verify security properties of F# implementations of cryptographic protocols by type checking .
While type theory has matured considerably over the past 100 years , it still remains an active research arena for computer scientists .
As type systems move beyond the realm of data consistency and into headier computational territories , the underlying principles of type theory are beginning to shape the way researchers think about program abstractions at a deepeven philosophicallevel .
Bertrand Russell would be proud .
Further Reading
Hindley , J.R. Basic Simple Type Theory .
Cambridge University Press , New York , 2008 .
Pierce , B. Types and Programming Languages .
MIT Press , Cambridge , MA , 2002 .
Flanagan , C. Hybrid type checking .
SIGPLAN Notices 41 , 1 , Jan. 2006 .
Cardelli , L. Type systems .
The Computer Science and Engineering Handbook , Allen B. Tucker ( ed. ) .
CRC Press , Boca Raton , FL , 1996 .
Church , A . A formulation of the simple theory of types .
Journal of Symbolic Logic 5 , 2 , 1940 .
Back to Top
Author Alex Wright is a writer and information architect who lives and works in Brooklyn , NY .
Daan Leijen and Wolfram Schulte of Microsoft Research contributed to the development of this article .
Back to Top
Back to Top
Figures Figure .
Benjamin C. Pierce , University of Pennsylvania .
Back to top
©2010 ACM 0001-0782/10/0200 $ 10.00
Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page .
To copy otherwise , to republish , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists , requires prior specific permission and / or a fee .
The Digital Library is published by the Association for Computing Machinery .
Copyright © 2010 ACM , Inc .
No entries found
We played with the PlayStation Move at the party last night , but at Sony 's more intimate gathering at the W Hotel today it was easier to get a better picture of the peripheral .
The main games on the floor were interesting , but the game we wanted to play with the PlayStation Move was SOCOM 4 .
This is a game that is aimed at hardcore gamers , and the guys from Zipper told us that they were able to get this build up in a matter of weeks ; the tools Sony was providing its developers for Move support were intuitive .
This was also the first time we were able to use the secondary , nunchuk - like controller to add analog movement to the Move .
We were able to play the game for about 20 minutes .
Aiming the crosshairs with the Move worked well , and I did n't feel any lag .
While I was new to the game , the firefights and encounters were a blast ; there is something much more satisfying about aiming at the screen with a controller instead of moving an analog stick .
The controller is certainly ready for more mainstream use in shooters , and the fact that Sony already has a high - profile release that uses the technology so well is heartening .
The d-pad allows you to give commands to your squad , and you can send two groups of soldiers to different objectives .
It almost felt like a real - time strategy game ; you can set up some serious cover fire if you 're able to think that far ahead in the combat .
" We 're looking at gestures , " we were told when we asked about things like throwing grenades and the like .
" [ The Move ] leads a lot of accessibility to a hardcore game like this . "
The team at Zipper spent three months with the controller , and the work has paid off .
Will we use the Move when we 're playing online and care about our score ?
Maybe not .
But it adds an extra layer of fun to the gameplay of a title that already looks mature .
It took a little bit of talking to get behind the velvet rope to play this demo , but it was worth it .
We 're starting to see the promise .
Next time you ’re in Switzerland driving down a windy village road at the foothills of the Alps , you may want to make sure you ’re either very mindful of the police or very poor .
If you decide you want to speed your way through Switzerland , be warned there is no such thing as a standard fine for driving say , 35 mph over the limit .
No , no , no .
If you 're caught speeding in the land of fine watches and neutrality and you have a lot of money , you better hope you 've kept your money stashed somewhere the Swiss ca n’t find it ( a Swiss bank account ? ) .
A 53 - year - old man learned that lesson after receiving a record - setting fine of nearly $ 290,000 for driving 85 mph in a 50 mph zone through the small town of St. Gallen .
Adding insult to injury , he was driving a car worth a fraction of the fine – a Ferrari Testarossa .
Why the hefty fine for a mere 35 over the limit ?
In 2002 Swiss voters approved replacing prison terms for some offenses , including speeding , with fines based on your income .
According to Tages Anzeiger , the lead - footed driver has an annual income of more than $ 820,000 and is worth well over $ 20 million .
( Here 's the English translation of the story . )
And another tip if you are caught and given a hefty fine in Switzerland :
Do n't make any big claims to try and get out of the ticket .
The Testarossa driver was initially fined a little less than $ 90,000 by the local jurisdiction .
That was raised to $ 145,000 by the next court after the driver claimed diplomatic immunity , saying he is diplomat from the Republic of Guinea - Bissau .
That did n't sway the court , which boosted the fine to $ 290,000 .
“ The accused ignored elementary traffic rules with a powerful vehicle out of a pure desire for speed ” the court said .
On the upside , apparently he has to pay only half of the fine now .
The rest is deferred and will be eliminated for good behavior .
Photo of a Testarossa similar to the one the rich guy was driving : Flickr / FlyinPhogotraphy
While driving with my future wife along California ’s Highway 1 south of Big Sur , my new Toyota MR2 suddenly fishtailed .
It shot off a cliff , then rolled 350 feet before stopping .
Mary sustained a broken neck and crushed skull , but she made a miraculous recovery .
I suffered only scratches and bruises .
The pavement was dry , I was under the speed limit , and skid marks testified to my desperate effort to stop .
FOR THE RECORD :
Toyota :
In an Op - Ed article Tuesday about acceleration problems in Toyotas , the year of the author ’s accident was incorrect .
It was 1992 , not 1991 . —
That was 1991 .
While Mary was still in the hospital , I discovered Toyota was replacing the model because , according to one car magazine , expert drivers reported that it suffered “ radical , often terminal oversteer . ”
The model was never recalled , but it was quickly replaced .
We settled out of court , with Toyota making no admission of liability .
You might think I ’d be prejudiced against Toyotas after that .
But I ’m not .
I later bought another one , and my wife owns one now .
But what I am worried about , with the current avalanche of unintended - acceleration complaints against the company and the congressional hearings , is the hysteria promoted by sensationalist headlines and pompous government officials .
Every accidental death is a tragedy .
But the imagery of Toyotas running amok like something out of a Stephen King novel is simply false .
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration frequently receives “ speed control ” complaints ; a recent New York Times analysis found the agency received almost 13,000 over the last decade .
Yes , that analysis found that Toyota had the second most complaints and by far the most incidents connected to crashes -- even before publicity sent the number soaring .
This and other sources seem to indicate that Toyota has an exceptional problem .
But when compared with the vast number of cars Toyota sells , the current reaction is wholly out of proportion .
Sudden acceleration in Toyotas over the last decade has been linked with -- which does n’t mean “ caused ” -- 52 deaths , according to NHTSA .
It was just 19 before the current publicity .
A Los Angeles Times investigation brought it up to 56 , including those culled from lawsuits .
Whatever the count and cause , that ’s too many .
But it ’s also out of 20 million Toyotas sold , and out of the 420,000 Americans NHTSA says died in motor vehicle accidents that decade .
And although Toyota had almost 17 % of total U.S. car sales in 2008 , it accounted for merely 8 % of total claims for deaths and injuries in the first quarter of that year , according to NHTSA .
Edmunds.com found that while Toyota was third in U.S. car sales from 2001 through 2010 , it was 17th in NHTSA complaints .
Thus , even if every sudden - acceleration complaint proved valid , Toyotas are among the safest cars made .
Moreover , some of those reports surely could have been driver fault .
To err is human ; to blame errors on external factors is even more so .
Consider the Audi sudden - acceleration hysteria of two decades ago .
In 1986 , Kristi Bradosky , while driving an Audi 5000 , ran over and killed her young son .
“ 60 Minutes ” aired a misleading segment depicting a runaway Audi -- without disclosing that the car had been re-engineered to respond that way .
Nor did it mention that Bradosky had told police that her foot had slipped off the brake onto the accelerator .
The rest of the media piled on , and a tsunami of Audi acceleration complaints linked to accidents swamped NHTSA -- about 40 times more per vehicles sold than those against Toyota , according to the New York Times analysis and the Center for Auto Safety .
Yet investigations in Canada and Japan found no mechanical problems , and a NHTSA investigation declared the problem was “ pedal misapplication , ” though adding that the pedals must have been poorly placed .
While Audi was a niche carmaker , Toyota is the world ’s second - largest producer , and for good reason .
Despite getting bad press last year , it came out as far and away the top-quality automaker , according to Consumer Reports ’ 2010 reader survey .
Toyota directly and indirectly employs about 200,000 Americans , and directly invests more than $ 18 billion in this country every year .
The Toyota Camry , built in Kentucky and Indiana , is the most “ American ” car on the market , according to Cars.com .
Yet there ’s another tragedy in this hysteria , some auto safety experts say : the wrong focus .
“ Nobody wants to minimize any deaths Toyota defects may have caused , ” says Russ Rader of the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety .
“ But vehicle defects are just a tiny , tiny part of what leads to crashes . ”
Leonard Evans , author of the book “ Traffic Safety , ” also bemoans what he calls “ the lethal American obsession with technical flaws . ”
Evans said : “ Whether it ’s ... defect or a child darting into the road , most crashes occur because drivers do n’t leave an adequate safety margin . ”
U.S. makers set the standard in safe vehicle design , according to the London - based FIA Foundation for the Automobile and Society .
In 1970 , the U.S. had the lowest fatality rate per miles driven .
By 2005 , it had fallen to 11th among industrialized countries .
So why the emphasis on mechanical defects above all else ?
Evans says it began with Ralph Nader and his 1965 book , “ Unsafe at Any Speed . ”
Today it ’s perpetuated by trial lawyers seeking the deepest pockets and a media that know it ’s sexier to crusade against corporations than emphasize individual responsibility .
“ One hundred people are . . . killed every day , and it has nothing to do with technology , recent or otherwise , ” says Evans .
“ We can cut that number by half by concentrating on driver attitudes . ”
Defects can lead to terrible circumstances over which a driver has no control .
I ’ll never forget , nor will my wife , who now suffers from epilepsy that ’s probably a result of the crash .
But while it ’s the extraordinary that makes for headlines and congressional demagoguery , focusing on the ordinary is what will truly save lives .
Michael Fumento is director of the nonprofit Independent Journalism Project , where he specializes in health and safety issues .
The manager of Faces has said she can't confirm Ashburn was in her establishment , but implied he probably was n't because she 'd remember an older white male :
" Tuesday nights are a very , very huge Latin crowd .
We do n't see a lot of white guys here on a Tuesday night .
A white guy would stick out like a sore thumb . "
Aside from the fact that I would n't expect a manager to remember every face , I 'm willing to bet Latin Night at any gay bar has just as many older white men as it has younger Latinos !
My understanding is that Ashburn 's passenger was staying at the Hyatt , which was very close to the spot where their vehicle , a government - issued car , was pulled over .
I have no information as to whether this was a trick situation or simply one man driving another man back to his hotel — perhaps the passenger just stuck out his sore thumb to hitch a ride .
It 's tempting to wonder whether the Republican stalwart 's more shameful secret was the love that dare not speak its name or his attraction to Latinos despite his staunchly anti-immigration votes .
What 's next , hiring someone to mercilessly tax his assets in order to spread the wealth ?
A more damning piece of information is that Ashburn apparently identified himself as a senator at the time he was pulled over , which would lead one to believe he hoped to use the prestige of his office to avert an arrest .
How Larry Craig can you get ?
While I know the identity of the man I believe was in the car , I 'm not revealing it yet — I wrote him to ask for a confirmation or a denial , but the only reaction from him so far was his decision to hastily delete some indiscreet Facebook status updates and take his account private .
At least somebody is talking — Christopher Cabaldon , the out gay mayor of West Sacramento , has confirmed he 's seen Ashburn at gay bars in the area and notes :
" To live a secret life and at the same time be attacking the people who you 're one of but are too ashamed to admit , that 's hypocrisy . "
It 's not illegal to be closeted or a hypocrite or to be self - loathing or even just to be a Machiavellian careerist , one or more of which probably fits Sen .
Ashburn 's behavior ; the judgment aspect of this case is important , but is a social issue .
More to the point is that this is a news story with relevant , easily demonstrable facts that were ignored by a local newspaper .
Why ?
News organizations should never be in the business of censoring pertinent information about public officials .
If a politician is voting against gay issues while publicly cruising gay bars , that is as pertinent as if a politician who strongly advocates health care reform refuses to offer health benefits to his or her staff .
More info as I get it .
Hopefully , Mr. Ashburn 's passenger will come forward .
In the meantime , do n't look for Ashburn — currently in his last year of office due to term limits — to show up at the California Republican Party 's Spring Convention next week .
Or if he does show up , do n't accept a ride home from him if he offers .
Despite a courageous battle against cancer , The Knack lead singer Doug Fieger lost his life today .
Fieger , 57 , had suffered from health problems since he was diagnosed with lung canger in 2005 , and two brain tumors in 2006 , but family and friends say he kept a positive attitude throughout chemotherapy and other treatments , continuing to perform whenever possible despite having lost half a lung .
In late 2007 , the tumors apparently reappeared , and he reportedly underwent an experimental treatment .
In 2008 , he was still undergoing chemo , but looking forward to being done with it by January 2009 , since it had gone into remission .
The Knack 's most memorable song is ' My Sharona ' which came out in 1979 , and was an instant dance hit that , unlike many old disco songs , has survived the years to be played at millions of parties , by just as many cover bands .
Sharona was a real girl ; she and Fieger dated from 1979 to 1982 , and remained pals over the years .
Fieger died at his home in Woodland Hills , California .
His brother , attorney Geoffrey Fieger , confirmed the singer 's death .
Members of The Knack have cancelled all dates to perform , and posted on their website : Doug Fieger August 20 , 1952 - February 14 , 2010 Our hearts are broken , we will miss you Doug .
Here is an amateur video of Fieger performing My Sharona onstage in 1979 .
May he always be remembered so full young and full of life !
The works were of naked girls aged about four upwards , onto which she painted penises .
They were a comment on gender stereotyping , a theme that has long concerned Hood .
All the images of girls were photographs in freely available publications .
'' In our culture we see them by the thousands on magazine covers , '' she says .
'' We see 12- , 13 - , 14 - year - old children in make - up and sexualised … I 'm not talking about Playboy , I 'm talking about fashion magazines . ''
Which is why Hood is concerned at the present focus on the depiction of children in art .
Her case is outlined in The Art Censorship Guide , just published by the National Association for the Visual Arts .
It is a reminder that action against artists has a long history in Australia .
But Hood 's decision to change her art practice is one many artists are facing in the wake of the Bill Henson controversy , according to NAVA 's executive director , Tamara Winikoff .
The introduction a year ago of Australia Council guidelines for working with children has increased the pressure on artists to steer away from contentious subjects .
'' It 's meant that people who may not have taken any notice have now become self - conscious , '' Winikoff says .
'' It means that the critical role that art can play is being silenced . ''
NAVA 's guide argues that the visual arts are the prime target for censors and zealots .
It provides information about threats to artistic freedom and how to deal with them , outlining the existing laws , the role of key bodies including the Classification Board , and provides advice on what to do if the police call .
The 100 - page guide encourages artists to speak up if a work is censored or restricted or if an artist is intimidated .
The Australia Council is currently reviewing its protocols and their effect on artists , and their impact on the creation , exhibition and distribution of art involving children .
Winikoff has called for their scrapping , describing them as unnecessary .
No Australian artist has been found guilty of exploiting or harming children within their art practice as far as NAVA is aware .
Existing laws are adequate and the protocols are having a ' ' chilling effect ' ' on the making and distributing of images of children , Winikoff says .
'' Perfectly legitimate images of children are disappearing from the public domain because everybody is too nervous , '' she says .
'' But the laws really are comprehensive , although there are differences state to state .
'' It would be better if there was some co-ordination … But what the Australia Council is trying to do is going beyond the laws . ''
Under the protocols , artists working with naked children must ensure that parents understand the nature of the artwork .
In some cases , images of full or partly nude children taken over the past 25 years now need to be reviewed by the Classification Board before they can go on view .
Artists unable to contact a parent to obtain permission may need to have the work reviewed by the board .
Winikoff says the protocols add an administratively unjustified level of difficulty and cost to the industry , and provide no real benefit to the community or to the welfare of children .
The Australia Council 's chief executive , Kathy Keele , wants to determine whether there is evidence of self - censorship among artists .
'' We want to know if it is having a chilling effect at all on creative work , '' she says .
'' We 'll do that by looking at how many applications we 've received and whether that 's declined in any way .
But the problems with that is we never really got many involving children in art anyway . ''
The protocols were introduced last January and require all grant recipients - individuals and organisations - to adhere to them or lose their funding .
'' They are not intended to stop controversial work but rather provide guidelines for artists , similar to those already existing for other professions working with children , '' Keele says .
The council will also speak to arts organisations and exhibitors to discuss the effects of the protocols .
The review , which will be conducted by the council 's executive director of arts funding , Libby Christie , is expected to be completed by the end of next month and be publicly available in March .
Submissions can be made online ; they close on February 5 .
A BRITISH bus driver netted more than £ 2 million ( $ 3.3 million ) on the lottery a day after his divorce came through , The Sun reports .
Kevin Halstead , 50 , went out for a drink with friends after his decree absolute arrived in the post last Friday .
He bought a lottery ticket the next day – and was gobsmacked when his lucky numbers came up later that evening , The Sun reports .
Kevin could have been forced to hand half the £ 2,302,668 to ex-wife Helen if the divorce had taken just a few days longer .
But the astonishing timing of the win means he and his new partner will be able to keep the lot .
A friend said : " Kevin was having a drink with his mates after his paperwork came through .
" He buys a ticket the following morning and scoops the jackpot .
You could n't make it up . "
Kevin and his partner , of Chorley , Lancashire , were whisked to a secret location yesterday by National Lottery organizer Camelot .
But they are set to face TV cameras overnight .
They shared last Saturday 's £ 4.6 m jackpot with another punter after both matched numbers 23 , 25 , 28 , 33 , 44 and 49 .
Ex-wife Helen said : " We are the best of friends .
In fact , we get on better now than when we were married .
" It could n't have happened to a nicer bloke .
I wish him all the luck in the world - he deserves it . "
Originally published as Bus driver wins lotto day after divorce
American metal is thriving like never before , and Chicago has one of the country 's strongest scenes .
Almost every small to midsize venue in the city regularly hosts metal shows : the Empty Bottle , Bottom Lounge , Subterranean , House of Blues , Reggie's , the Logan Square Auditorium , Double Door , the Beat Kitchen .
Metal Shaker — true to its name — books almost nothing but metal .
Even the Hideout , with an established identity as a home for rootsy music and indie fare , gets in on the action from time to time .
Local labels like Seventh Rule , Hawthorne Street , Hewhocorrupts Inc. , and Battle Kommand specialize in heavy music .
Emperor Cabinets , which builds lustworthy gear for metal bands nationwide , has its workshop in Humboldt Park .
Metal - themed burger joint Kuma 's Corner is so popular it's a serious pain in the ass to get a table .
Specialty record store Metal Haven is in the process of shutting down , but it 's stayed in business longer than the Virgin Megastore or Tower Records thanks to Chicago 's metalheads .
Veteran bands like Cianide and Macabre — born during the city 's first wave of death metal , which had its heyday on the south side in the late 80s and early 90s — are still kicking .
Newer groups like Pelican , Nachtmystium , Yakuza , and Lair of the Minotaur have achieved international recognition , and up - and - comers like Indian , Sweet Cobra , and Raise the Red Lantern seem headed that way .
Out in the suburbs , young deathcore bands like Oceano and Born of Osiris are posting impressive numbers .
Many of these groups have something in common besides being local : they 've worked with producer Sanford Parker .
( His own groups Buried at Sea and Minsk have also done pretty well for themselves . )
Parker is a big part of the reason Chicago metal is well - known worldwide .
When he moved up in 1998 from Florida , where he'd been recording bands at home as a hobby , the metal scene here was tiny .
His big break was engineering Pelican 's self - titled debut EP in late 2001 .
The band had n't intended to formally release it , but Hydra Head loved it and put it out in early 2003 .
Parker has n't looked back since .
These days time at his Ukrainian Village studio , Volume Recording , the Ukrainian Village studio he co-owns , Semaphore Recording , is in high demand , and he 's doing fly - in gigs all over the country , from Yob in Oregon to Zoroaster in Atlanta to Unearthly Trance in New York — more and more bands are looking for the organic mix of grit and atmosphere that he 's already brought to so many albums .
What did you know about Chicago 's metal history before you moved here from Florida ?
Honestly , I was more intrigued with the whole Wax Trax industrial scene from this city .
. . .
That 's what drew me here .
In about the mid-90s , I started getting into more aggressive music that had elements of that industrial sound — Neurosis , Buzzov - en , and bands like that .
Since I 've been here , I 've definitely learned more about [ Chicago ] metal history .
Now I 'm friends with a lot of those bands that helped form the whole metal scene back in the late 80s and early 90s .
How has the scene changed since then ?
When I first moved here , there was n't [ much of ] a metal scene .
The Fireside Bowl did a lot of punk , hardcore , and metal shows .
Outside of that , there was really no other metal venue , or any venue for any sort of extreme music , unless it was a house show or something .
The south - side death - metal bands — Cianide , Cardiac Arrest , Morgue — have always been around .
But as far as the north side it was mostly geared toward indie rock and more experimental types of music .
About five or six years ago , there were some bands like Pelican and Buried at Sea , which I started doing around that time .
That drew some attention toward the metal , or " heavy , " scene .
Out of that a lot of other bands started to form .
What are the differences between the north - side and south - side scenes ?
The south side has always been where the immigrants moved to .
It 's mostly working class .
So the south - side scene is more like extreme metal — grindcore , death metal , stuff like that .
Whereas the north side is more open , more a modern type of heavy music .
You get the whole art scene and all that stuff too .
How did Chicago metal change in ten years from one venue to a thriving scene with many successful bands and venues ?
When I first moved here , Chicago was a hardcore city .
There were a lot of hardcore bands — Charles Bronson , Los Crudos , Kungfu Rick .
A lot of those bands started to break up and die out .
They either started getting into heavier music or disappeared altogether .
Over time , a lot of bands started getting influenced by the more modern heavy bands , like Isis , Mastodon , High on Fire , and Neurosis .
That started to draw a lot of attention to that style of music .
Clubs started to see that kids actually came out to these shows .
The Double Door and the Empty Bottle — when I first moved here , if you were a metal band , you did not play the Empty Bottle .
That was a total indie - rock hipster scene .
. . .
Now , Nunslaughter played there a few months ago .
So it 's totally changed .
A lot of it had to do with a good friend of mine , Bruce Lamont from Yakuza .
He started bartending there five or six years ago .
They would do metal shows every once in a while , and people would drink four times as much as the hipster crowd .
They would tip better , and they were generally nicer .
. . .
Now a metal show at the Empty Bottle is a regular thing .
Do you think Chicago metal has a certain sensibility ?
I think so .
I think a lot of it has to do with the open - mindedness of bands like Tortoise , Shellac , and the Flying Luttenbachers .
A lot of those types of bands have always had this thriving experimental vibe to them .
That has a huge influence and impact on the way people approach music here .
They tend to think outside the box as far as what should be metal : " What should this riff sound like , " " What kind of drum beat can I play with this , " or " Screw it , we do n't even need a vocalist . "
Is being in the same city as Steve Albini and Electrical Audio an influence for you ?
It definitely creates influence .
I use his studio quite often .
He and I are really good friends .
It 's nice having that place .
That also is one center of the community .
People look at that as an establishment .
That 's where amazing music is made .
You 're a busy producer now .
Was there a breakthrough record for you in terms of visibility ?
That Pelican EP was definitely a big eye - opener .
It pointed a lot of people in my direction .
The Nachtmystium thing [ Assassins ] would be one of late that people have really liked .
I get a lot of people hearing that record and seeking me out .
There 's been a few here and there , like the Rwake record [ Voices of Omens ] .
But it all started with the Pelican EP .
As a producer would you say that you have an identity ?
I try to go for a more organic sound .
I 'm not into overly processed drums and real midrangy , high - end guitars .
I try to go for something with a little more life to it , something that sounds a little more real .
I try to create atmospheres within music as far as using effects and delays .
I 've even started building a reputation as " the synth guy . "
I have bands coming in all the time wanting me to do synth stuff on their records , which is kind of funny because I 'm not a keyboard player at all .
But I do have a decent collection of analog synthesizers and crazy pedals .
Do you look up to any producers ?
There 's a lot of people that I admire .
I would say that one of the reasons that I 'm in this business is Billy Anderson .
The first time I heard Neurosis 's Enemy of the Sun , my mind was blown .
How the hell could anyone make something as dense and heavy as that ?
And then I heard Buzzov - en 's Sore , and it was the same thing .
And then I heard Eyehategod 's Dopesick .
They all had one thing in common : Billy .
That opened my eyes as to the effect somebody behind the boards could have on a recording .
You mentioned that you were into the Wax Trax scene .
There 's not really anything like that now in the city , is there ?
No .
It 's pretty much dead .
My goal right now is to bring that back .
I 've got a couple projects that are coming out this year .
One of them is called the High Confessions , featuring Chris Connelly on vocals .
He sang for Ministry and Revolting Cocks .
He also did Murder Inc. and even worked at the Wax Trax record store .
He 's been involved with that scene since he was 19 .
I 've got Steve Shelley from Sonic Youth playing drums .
It 's pretty much my take on that scene from a more experimental standpoint .
This other project I have called Circle of Animals that also features Bruce Lamont is total straight - up Killing Joke , Swans , early Ministry , Foetus - type of stuff , total throwback to the early - 90s industrial movement .
Every song features a different drummer : Dave Witte from Municipal Waste , John [ Merryman ] from Cephalic Carnage , Steve Shelley played on it , Zack [ Simmons ] from Goatwhore .
I had a lot of friends come through and lay down drum tracks .
I would create loops and write the songs from that .
The new Twilight record [ Ed . — Twilight is a black - metal supergroup featuring Parker alongside members of Isis , Nachtmystium , Leviathan , Krieg , and the Atlas Moth ] is highly influenced by the whole industrial scene .
The new Nachtmystium is pretty much off the chart as far as that goes .
All these records I mentioned , you can definitely hear that strong Wax Trax presence in them .
The bands you are most famous for producing have an organic sound .
The Wax Trax sound was a lot more rigid .
Did you have a change of heart at any point ?
No .
I 'm trying my best to incorporate the two together , trying to create a machinelike sound but with an organic vibe , a human element .
None of the stuff that I do is MIDI .
I did not want to sit there and program drum beats .
I wanted a live drummer to come in and play a beat , and I would totally manipulate the drum sounds to where they sounded like machines .
What 's a typical day like for you ?
I show up to the studio at noon , and I go home around midnight every day .
That 's pretty much it [ laughs ] .
I practically live in this space .
I love it .
I would n't have it any other way .
This is the best thing I could ever think of doing .
I consider myself to have the best job in the world .
I show up , I hang out with awesome people for 12 hours , and I make really cool music .
I can't really argue with that .
I 'm going to ask you about some of the Chicago bands you 've worked with .
OK .
Pelican .
I 've known those dudes for a long time .
They used to be called Bloody Tusk back in the day .
When I first met them , they were just four kids that played grindcore at house shows .
I was doing this abrasive noise project called Decomposing Baby .
I would play the Fireside every once in a while .
We would just play for 15 minutes , break a bunch of shit , and that would kind of be it .
But I wanted to something more legitimate , so I put an ad in the paper looking for a band .
I got a couple of really terrible responses , but one that I did get was from this guy Laurent [ Schroeder - Lebec ] .
He was like , " I 've got this project called Pelican that we 've been working on .
We 're looking for a vocalist or keyboard player or third guitarist or whatever . "
He played me some of the riffs , and I thought they were super cool .
Back then , they were definitely more of a stoner rock , Goatsnake type of vibe .
So we jammed for a while .
I do n't think I ever got to the point where I attempted to do vocals for them .
I had written some keyboard stuff and some third - guitar stuff , but I never got to the vocal part of it .
The first EP was more or less a demo plus something for me to work on as far as vocal arrangements and whatnot .
We started recording the EP , and they started playing shows out , just the four of them .
The response was really great .
People would make comments like , " Wow , that 's crazy you do n't have a vocalist , but that 's really cool . "
Shortly after finishing the EP , we came to a mutual agreement that we really did n't feel vocals were needed .
I started getting busy with other stuff , so they remained as a four - piece and decided to go instrumental .
Obviously that took off .
Being an instrumental band was the smartest thing they could 've ever done , because it allowed them to cross over to a lot of people who would n't give the time of day to metal bands .
And the incestuous indie - rock community that makes up the whole Chicago scene — people that would frequent the Empty Bottle and go to Tortoise and June of 44 and Joan of Arc shows — instantly fell in love with them .
They started having this mass appeal outside of the metal community .
Then Hydra Head took notice .
The funny thing is , the EP was originally a demo .
It was never meant to be released .
Hydra Head was like , " We want to put it out , but exactly how it is . "
Lair of the Minotaur .
I just finished a new record with Lair of the Minotaur .
Again , another really good band .
Steve [ Rathbone ] used to be in a band called 7000 Dying Rats ; they still kind of do it from time to time .
They would play the Fireside Bowl all the time .
The shows were pretty legendary , just chaos , people going crazy .
They were a pretty notorious party band .
Steve wanted to do something a little more metal , so he ended up getting D.J. [ Barraca ] on bass and Larry [ Herweg ] on drums .
When they started playing , the more indie - rock type of kids were really digging it .
It was this old - school metal sound , but it had some sort of crossover appeal to it .
And same thing :
They came in , recorded a demo .
Next thing you know , Southern Lord 's putting it out .
We even tried to remix it .
We sent it to Greg [ Anderson , label head , also of Sunn 0 ) ) ) ] , and he denied it .
He was like , " No , I want to put out the original . "
We 're like , " Dude , that was a demo . "
He was like , " I do n't care .
I love it , I want to put it out . "
And that was that [ laughs ] .
Yakuza .
Yakuza is definitely one of those bands that have become a staple of Chicago .
They 've always had sort of a crossover .
They 're an interesting band because they 're all from the south side .
When you go to their shows , it 's a really strange mix because you get these diehard south - siders that only come up for Yakuza .
You never see them except for Yakuza shows .
Bruce is also heavy into the local jazz and experimental scenes , so you get a lot of those people , plus you get the north - side people coming out .
Yakuza shows are very cool .
. . .
We just finished a new record with them back in December , so that 's coming out sometime in the spring .
Finally , Nachtmystium .
Nachtmystium is a little different .
Blake grew up in the ' burbs .
He definitely had a strong foothold in the metal scene , but only recently has he gained a foothold in the local indie - rock scene as well .
He also took up part - time shifts at the Empty Bottle , working there .
He has a lot of people come and go , so there 's always this element of a new person involved , which is kind of cool .
This time around , the lineup is completely different from Doomsday Derelicts , which was completely different from Assassins , which was completely different from Instinct : Decay .
So you always have this different vibe going on with each album .
I would this say this one more so than any of the others [ laughs ] .
We threw any concept of what a metal record should sound like out the window and went with what we wanted to do .
People are going to be very shocked when they hear this album [ laughs ] .
What up - and - coming Chicago bands deserve notice ?
Raise the Red Lantern .
Three of the guys in the band do this guitar - cabinet company called Emperor .
They 've gained a lot of popularity all over the world .
They 're definitely a band that I would highly recommend checking out .
This band Indian — they 've been around for a while .
They started shortly after Buried at Sea got going .
They were highly influenced by what I did , but they have definitely taken it in their own direction now .
Will Lindsay , who played in Middian and Wolves in the Throne Room — he moved to Chicago and joined Indian .
He 's added a whole new element to the band .
Their sound is light years beyond what it originally was .
Those guys are going to be doing some really cool stuff this year .
This band Sweet Cobra — they 've got a new record coming out on Blackmarket Activities .
They 've been a staple of Chicago for years .
There are a lot of bands .
It 's hard to keep track .
It seems like every time I go out to a show , I hear about some new band .
Does Kuma 's have any concrete place in Chicago 's scene , or is it just a tourist destination ?
No , it definitely has become an institution .
Unfortunately now it 's so popular that you can't go there without at least an hour and a half wait , sometimes three hours .
. . .
If you go on a Monday at , like , three in the afternoon , you might be able to get a spot at the bar [ laughs ] .
I interviewed [ northwest suburban deathcore band ]
Oceano , and they 're very young .
I asked the singer about Kuma's , and he did n't know what it was .
It astounded me that someone associated with metal in Chicago would n't know what Kuma 's was .
Is there a separate youth - metal scene in Chicago ?
There is .
The whole suburban metal scene has nothing to do with the city .
There are so many young metalcore type of bands that come and go from the ' burbs on a weekly basis that never get picked up on the radar of the city because they just play VFW halls out there .
I can definitely see why [ Oceano 's singer did n't know about Kuma's ] .
Kuma 's is not really a place for a family trip .
Your mom would n't be like , " Hey kids , let 's go to Kuma 's tonight . "
Although you do see it — it 's kind of funny when I do go in there and see an old lady order a Darkthrone burger .
It makes me laugh every time .
Earlier today , a transcript of a Fox News interview with President Barack Obama was released .
In it , Obama describes some of the measures his administration is taking to help ease the recession and stimulate economic growth .
However , the president also warns that there is a chance of a double - dip recession if government deficit spending is n’t brought under control .
Federal debt is starting to get a little crazy right now , and Obama recognizes that economic recovery wo n’t come until underlying fundamentals improve .
This means that we may not be out of the woods just yet .
And , in terms of personal finance , it is a reminder that now is not time to grow complacent , even though there have been some encouraging signs pointing to the beginnings of an economic recovery , now is not the time to abandon new habits developed through economic expediency .
Indeed , it is time to reaffirm your commitment to the financial basics :
Spend less than you earn .
Distinguish between needs and wants , and focus on the needs first while cutting back on wants .
Put more towards retirement savings .
Build an emergency fund .
Pay down debt .
It you are starting to see an upturn in your financial fortunes , it is a good time to do what you can in terms of shoring up your financial situation .
Because if a double - dip recession does become a reality , you want to be ready for it .
A True Snowpocalypse : 20 million animals dead ?
Moving Video .
I struggle at times with what it actually means to be “ mindful ” .
For a sarcastic , passive - aggressive and often over - reacting ass — “ mindfulness ” is a concept that can be as ethereal as mist … and yet effect our life and livelihood like a brick to the face .
What I have come up with is that to be mindful is to be able to put your own situations and suffering into a larger and more global perspective .
This is exactly what “ Bitterroot Badger ” did on his recent guest post on Shambhala Sunspace , as well as several on his own blog ( here and here ) concerning the plight of the Mongolian people during an especially rough and disastrous winter and some ways that we can help :
Then there are years like this one , in which the Mongols and their animals endure what they call a dzud .
I very roughly translate this as “ a winter that ’s atrocious even by Mongolian standards . ”
Dzud is actually a double - whammy .
It refers to an unusually dry summer that stunts the growth of pasture grass , keeping animals thinner and limiting what can be gathered for hay .
Then a brutal winter hammers down , exceptionally cold ( often down to - 55 F /- 48C ) with blizzards that bury pasture grass under an impenetrable blanket of snow .
Meager stores of fodder are soon exhausted , and the freezing sheep , goats , cattle , yaks , camels , and horses upon which the Mongolian herders depend start to die .
Quickly .
And in almost unimaginable numbers .
I remember hearing that any civilization is on the brink of chaos after missing just three meals .
Hunger and desperation can hit almost instantaneously when dealing with something as awesome and unpredictable as weather and nature ( Haiti Earthquake ) .
Mongolian and international aid agencies estimate that more than 2 million domestic animals have perished so far in this dzud .
Ten to twelve million died in the last disastrous episode ten years ago , and this dzud is regarded as far worse .
Some fear that up to 20 million animals — half of Mongolia ’s total herd — may succumb before tolerable weather arrives in late May .
The human toll is just as devastating .
Scattered across a country as big as Western Europe , some 750,000 Mongolians ’ livelihoods derive almost entirely from herd animals .
A devastating dzud plunges tens of thousands under subsistence level , themselves risking starvation and illness .
As in the last dzud , many families will migrate as economic refugees to the already grossly overcrowded capital .
This is a disaster that does not receive huge amounts of media attention and most of us are moved into action by celebrity endorsements and hordes of reporters beaming images over to us .
In this case we have just a lone blogger spreading the word .
Please keep it going and start making people aware of this .
There is an UK charity for any donations people wish to give for immediate disaster relief , called the Cambridge Mongolia Development Appeal ( CAMDA ) .
Feel free to visit the site for more information about the Mongolian Crisis .
I really ca n’t say it any better than this …
I know the Mongols as a proud and resilient people , deeply faithful Buddhists who are unstinting in their generosity to strangers .
But there are times , like now , when too much is just too much and they themselves desperately need a helping hand .
Please give what you can .
Funds received now will go directly to providing fodder to the most desperate herders ’ animals , fuel for their gers so their families can survive until spring , and any other aid that is necessary .
Cheers
John
www.zendirtzendust.com
For stranger maps
Earth has many states .
Most of these have different systems of government .
Some of them have different social systems .
Earth is in this respect almost unique .
Everywhere else the default is one government , and one social system , per planet - if not , indeed , per galaxy .
At least , that 's the rule in SF .
When we look at the ancient and mediaeval worlds , we see if anything a greater diversity of forms of rule than we see today .
In fantasy , where we might expect a wide play of fancy , we see nothing of the kind .
There are good monarchies , legitimised by prophecy or ancient artifact .
There are evil empires , usually in the east .
There are barbarian tribes .
Here and there , if we 're lucky , there are city states ruled by merchant princes .
There are plenty of exceptions - Pratchett , Gentle , Pinto , Mieville - but that 's the rule .
We can do better than that !
Let 's start with SF .
There , it 's easy .
All we have to do is junk the rule of one government per world .
If you have a one - world government for a reason , that 's fine .
But let 's stop making it the default .
Even if a human settlement is derived from one colony ship ( and why assume that , by the way ? ) , there 's no reason to assume that it 'll stay united .
In fact , there 's every reason why it should n't , as the population expands and moves into new territories .
The European settlements in North America existed for centuries as separate colonies before they became , with much upheaval , the United States .
If it 's an alien planet , of course , there 's even more scope for differentiation , yet here the one - government - per - world rule is more rigorously kept .
All the more kudos to you if you break it .
If the social system or government is n't just background but central to the plot - to illustrate your pet political theory , say - there 's a different rule to junk .
That rule is that all foregrounded political systems work the way they 're supposed to .
This is true even if the way they 're supposed to work is to not work ( crush the human spirit etc etc ) .
Just for a change , I 'd like to see a libertarian writer depict a laissez - faire society with persistent social problems .
I 'd like to see a left - wing writer show a socialist society that is n't a utopia , but has real , nigh - intractable difficulties and internal contradictions ( and not just , say , radio - borne viruses beamed at it by malevolent posthumans ) .
I 'd like to see the converse of these , as well , from the opposite ( and other ) authorial preferences .
With fantasy it 's a little more complicated .
So many plots , after all , turn on claiming rightful thrones or toppling dark lords that kingdoms and dominions can't be easily dispensed with .
But there 's no reason why these have to be simple .
When your hidden princess at last ascends to her rightful throne , can she get away with relying on one or a few wise advisers ?
Might n't she have to persuade a fractious parliament to come up with the money for the Defeat of the Dark Lord ( Miscellaneous Provisions ) Bill ?
What if this parliament , like the real - world Polish just vanishing from the map ?
Could there be a whole school of thought that holds that mere possession of the Blue - Sapphired Sceptre of Snazziness is not , in fact , the basis of legitimacy ?
That instead , a pilgrimage to the Convent of Extraneous Plot - Device must precede an acclamation by the knights of the Realm ?
Can the Dark Lord , meanwhile , run his vast domain with a handful of henchmen , terrified minions and lickspittle courtiers ?
Does n't he need , at the very least , some plodding but reliable bureaucrats ?
To say nothing of an arms industry and scientific - or magic - research , all of which will need some genuine enthusiasts .
And all of this complication does n't just add depth and colour to the background - it opens up plot possibilities .
Does the Dark Lord 's armourer never think of expanding his export markets ?
Might he not stoop to taking money even from the Forces of Good ?
If you compare the map at the front of the standard fantasy trilogy with the maps in The Penguin Atlas of World History ( for the Middle Ages , say ) the contrast is striking .
The almost fractal depth of mediaeval geographic complexity makes most fantasy maps look decidedly thin and unimaginative .
A glance at the diagrams of state and social structures ( for the various stages of the Roman Empire , for instance , or the mercantilist system ) is likewise an eye - opener .
And with that opened eye , take a look down the Atlas 's right - hand pages , which give the chronology and the exposition .
If that does n't get your imagination working , nothing will .
There are lots of cool names , too .
[ Note : This originally appeared in the BSFA magazine Focus , some time ago . ]
Earth has many states .
Most of these have different systems of government .
Some of them have different social systems .
Earth is in this respect almost unique .
Everywhere else the default is one government , and one social system , per planet - if not , indeed , per galaxy .
At least , that 's the rule in SF .
When we look at the ancient and mediaeval worlds , we see if anything a greater diversity of forms of rule than we see today .
In fantasy , where we might expect a wide play of fancy , we see nothing of the kind .
There are good monarchies , legitimised by prophecy or ancient artifact .
There are evil empires , usually in the east .
There are barbarian tribes .
Here and there , if we 're lucky , there are city states ruled by merchant princes .
There are plenty of exceptions - Pratchett , Gentle , Pinto , Mieville - but that 's the rule .
We can do better than that !
Let 's start with SF .
There , it 's easy .
All we have to do is junk the rule of one government per world .
If you have a one - world government for a reason , that 's fine .
But let 's stop making it the default .
Even if a human settlement is derived from one colony ship ( and why assume that , by the way ? ) , there 's no reason to assume that it 'll stay united .
In fact , there 's every reason why it should n't , as the population expands and moves into new territories .
The European settlements in North America existed for centuries as separate colonies before they became , with much upheaval , the United States .
If it 's an alien planet , of course , there 's even more scope for differentiation , yet here the one - government - per - world rule is more rigorously kept .
All the more kudos to you if you break it .
If the social system or government is n't just background but central to the plot - to illustrate your pet political theory , say - there 's a different rule to junk .
That rule is that all foregrounded political systems work the way they 're supposed to .
This is true even if the way they 're supposed to work is to not work ( crush the human spirit etc etc ) .
Just for a change , I 'd like to see a libertarian writer depict a laissez - faire society with persistent social problems .
I 'd like to see a left - wing writer show a socialist society that is n't a utopia , but has real , nigh - intractable difficulties and internal contradictions ( and not just , say , radio - borne viruses beamed at it by malevolent posthumans ) .
I 'd like to see the converse of these , as well , from the opposite ( and other ) authorial preferences .
With fantasy it 's a little more complicated .
So many plots , after all , turn on claiming rightful thrones or toppling dark lords that kingdoms and dominions can't be easily dispensed with .
But there 's no reason why these have to be simple .
When your hidden princess at last ascends to her rightful throne , can she get away with relying on one or a few wise advisers ?
Might n't she have to persuade a fractious parliament to come up with the money for the Defeat of the Dark Lord ( Miscellaneous Provisions ) Bill ?
What if this parliament , like the real - world Polish Sejm , requires unanimous consent ?
Could her kingdom , like Poland , be in permanent peril ofCould there be a whole school of thought that holds that mereof the Blue - Sapphired Sceptre of Snazziness is not , in fact , the basis of legitimacy ?
That instead , a pilgrimage to the Convent of Extraneous Plot - Device mustan acclamation by the knights of the Realm ?
Can the Dark Lord , meanwhile , run his vast domain with a handful of henchmen , terrified minions and lickspittle courtiers ?
Does n't he need , at the very least , some plodding but reliable bureaucrats ?
To say nothing of an arms industry and scientific - or magic - research , all of which will need some genuine enthusiasts .
And all of this complication does n't just add depth and colour to the background - it opens up plot possibilities .
Does the Dark Lord 's armourer never think of expanding his export markets ?
Might he not stoop to taking money even from the Forces of Good ?
If you compare the map at the front of the standard fantasy trilogy with the maps in ( for the Middle Ages , say ) the contrast is striking .
The almost fractal depth of mediaeval geographic complexity makes most fantasy maps look decidedly thin and unimaginative .
A glance at the diagrams of state and social structures ( for the various stages of the Roman Empire , for instance , or the mercantilist system ) is likewise an eye - opener .
And with that opened eye , take a look down the 's right - hand pages , which give the chronology and the exposition .
If that does n't get your imagination working , nothing will .
There are lots of cool names , too .
[ Note : Focus Labels : skiffy , writing 45 Comments : Post a Comment Home
In music , timing is everything .
When you 're dancing with an enormous machine , it 's even more important to get the timing correct , down to the microsecond .
For its latest video , released on YouTube Monday night , pop band OK
Go recruited a gang of very talented engineers to build a huge , elaborate Rube Goldberg machine whose action perfectly meshes with the band 's song , " This Too Shall Pass , " from the band 's new album , Of the Blue Color of the Sky .
For nearly four minutes – captured in a single , unbroken camera shot – the machine rolls metal balls down tracks , swings sledgehammers , pours water , unfurls flags and drops a flock of umbrellas from the second story , all perfectly synchronized with the song .
A few gasp - inducing , grin-producing moments when the machine 's action lines up so perfectly , you can only shake your head in admiration at the creativity and precision of the builders .
Those builders were Syyn Labs , a Los Angeles - based arts and technology collective that has a history of doing surprising , entertaining science and tech projects that involve crowds of people , at a monthly gathering called Mindshare LA .
OK
Go developed a reputation for making catchy , viral videos four years ago with the homemade video for " Here It Goes Again , " which features the band members dancing around on treadmills .
The company ran afoul of music label EMI 's restrictive licensing rules , which required YouTube to disable embedding , cutting views to 1/10 of their previous level .
Now , the new video is up – and it's embeddable , so the band seems to have won this round with its label – and is already generating buzz on YouTube and on Twitter .
Planning for the video began in November , when Syyn Labs secured a warehouse in the Echo Park area of L.A .
But it was n't until January that work really got going .
The video was shot on Feb. 11 and 12 .
" A Rube Goldberg machine is in its essence a trial - and - error thing , " Adam Sadowsky , the president of Syyn Labs , told Wired .
Sadowsky explained how many tiny details needed to be just right for the machine 's timing to work out .
For example , the wooden tracks used to guide metal balls at the beginning of the video had to be cleaned and waxed to keep dust from slowing down the balls and making them stick .
And the angle of that board was set at a precise 3.4 degrees of incline , which was perfect for the timing but sometimes led the balls to jump the track .
Given that each of the machine 's dozens of stages need comparably precise adjustments , it all adds up to a lot of labor by a lot of people .
" It took about a month and a half of very intense work , with people on - site all the time , " Sadowsky said .
Sadowsky estimates that 55 to 60 people worked on the project in all .
That includes eight " core builders " who did the bulk of the design and building , along with another 12 or so builders who helped part - time .
In addition , Syyn Labs recruited 30 or more people to help reset the machine after each run .
Because of the machine 's size and complexity , " We needed to bring in every resource we could to help reset , " said Sadowsky .
Even with all those people helping , resetting the whole machine took close to an hour .
The video was shot by a single Steadicam , but it took more than 60 takes , over the course of two days , to get it right .
Many of those takes lasted about 30 seconds , Sadowsky said , getting no further than the spot in the video where the car tire rolls down a ramp .
" The most fiddly stuff , you always want to put that at the front , because you do n’t want to be resetting the whole thing . ”
OK Go hired Syyn Labs to produce the contraption according to certain specifications .
One example :
The machine could n't use any magic .
" That was really important , " said Sadowsky , " because we are all engineers , and we love magic .
We love computers , and servomotors , and fire , and all of that stuff . "
All those " magic " tricks – basically anything your mom can't understand – could n't be in the machine .
The band was also heavily involved in the project for the final two weeks of its construction , and the band members are right inside the machine during the video , of course .
“ We wanted to make a video where we have essentially a giant machine that we dance with , ” said the band 's Damian Kulash , Jr. , in a short " making - of " video posted on YouTube .
Otherwise , Synn Labs ' engineers went to town , dreaming up the most outlandish and elaborate mechanisms they could to " dance " along with the music .
The results are impressive .
Oh , and OK Go 's treadmill video from last year ?
It makes a cameo appearance in the machine too .
" It really was a labor of love , " said Sadowsky .
See below for more videos about the making of " This Too Shall Pass . "
See Also :
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9Do-zRgyJc
Let ’s just get this out of the way from the get - go — do n’t let the title fool you .
This here is American soda bread .
It has raisins .
It has caraway seeds .
It has butter , eggs and even some sugar .
It stales quickly , but not nearly as quickly as the authentic stuff ( almost entirely comprised of flour , baking soda and buttermilk ) would .
Oh , and I made the “ bread ” into “ tiny breads ” and I liken them to scones .
Look , when I blasphemize a recipe , I like to go all the way , okay ?
So now that we got what they are not out of the way , let ’s talk about what they are : a triumph !
Okay , perhaps something less dramatic , but briefly in my kitchen on Sunday morning ( before heading out to an afternoon in the apparent floodlands of Central Jersey ) , it sure felt like it .
A month or so ago , I had spied a Irish soda bread scone at Whole Foods that was fairly run of the mill for a scone — dry and uninteresting ; “ soda bread ” really in name only .
And I got to remembering how much I like the crackly coarse crust and plush interior of a good Irish soda bread , not to mention that curiously addictive raisin - caraway combo and knew there had to be a way to make these the way I believed they ought to have been at home .
Of course , the way things are sputtering along my kitchen these days , it should have been no surprise that I did n’t nail it on round one ( an accidental extra egg in a halved recipe yielded muffins , spongy ones ) or round two ( convinced my standby would make excellent scones , well , I was wrong ) .
It was round three or bust for me on Sunday morning ; I was running low on the comically large raisins I ’d picked up , patience and inclination , as there were more entertaining things in my line of view , and so I went for the kind of recipe that keeps its promises , the kind you often find in Cook ’s Illustrated .
Sure enough , these breads were velvety within and craggy without ; they had crust , they had crumb and they had me , armed with a pat of butter , to face down and I ’m sorry , but they lost .
One year ago : Layer Cake Tips +
The Biggest Birthday Cake , Yet
Two years ago : White Bean Stew
Three years ago : Mediterranean Eggplant and Barley Salad
Irish American Soda Bread Scones
Adapted from Cook ’s Illustrated
I adapted the original recipes into mini-breads ( that I like to call scones ) but this recipe will also work as a whole loaf , with a 40 to 45 minute cooking time .
However you do or do not divide them , like all soda breads , you should plan to consume these on day one .
On day one , they ’ve got a craggy crust and a warm , plush interior ; they love butter and you love them .
On day two , they have a density , especially when your big toe breaks their fall , that could threaten your efforts to rein in your foul language now that tiny , impressionable ears linger about .
Yields 8 mini - bread “ scones ” which are fairly hefty , and can be split between two people
3 cups all - purpose flour , plus additional for work surface
1 cup cake flour ( or , make your own )
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar
1 teaspoon table salt ( this is 2/ 3 the original amount , which I found too salty )
5 tablespoons unsalted butter ( 4 tablespoons softened , 1 tablespoon melted )
1 1/4 cups buttermilk ( or , make your own )
1 egg , lightly beaten
1 cup currants or raisins
1 tablespoons caraway seeds ( optional )
Heat oven to 400 degrees with a rack in the upper - middle position .
Whisk dry ingredients ( flours , sugar , baking soda , cream of tartar and salt ) in a large bowl .
Work the softened butter into the dry ingredients with a fork , pastry blender or your fingertips until the flour mixture resembles coarse crumbs .
Add the wet ingredients ( buttermilk and egg ) , currants or raisins and caraway seeds , if you ’re using them , and stir with a fork until the dough just begins to come together .
Turn out onto a work surface ( CI says you need a floured one but I did n’t agree ) and knead until the dough just becomes cohesive and bumpy .
You ’re not going for a smooth dough — CI warns that this will make it tough .
Pat dough into a round and use a knife or dough divider to cut it into 8 wedges .
Form each wedge into a round and place on a parchment - lined or greased baking sheet .
Cut a cross shape into the top of each .
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes , or until the internal temperature reaches 170 degrees ( this is especially helpful in this recipe , where doneness is hard to judge from the outside ) .
Scones should be golden brown a skewer should come out clean .
Remove from the oven and brush with butter before cooling to room temperature .
Eat on day one .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
Oceans of lava might bubble on its surface .
Hot pebbles may rain down from the sky .
But the extrasolar planet CoRoT - 7b is considered to be the most Earthlike world yet found outside our solar system .
A recent study , however , suggests that Earth might not be the best basis for comparison .
Instead , the authors argue , CoRoT - 7b is the first in a new class of exoplanets : a super - Io .
Like Jupiter 's moon
Io , CoRoT - 7 b could easily be in the right kind of orbit to experience what 's known as tidal heating , according to study co-author Rory Barnes of the University of Washington in Seattle .
On Io , tidal heating is a result of the crust being constantly deformed by the push and pull of Jupiter 's gravity .
This action generates enough internal heat to drive hundreds of active volcanoes — and the same could be true for CoRoT - 7 b , Barnes said .
But unlike Io , CoRoT - 7 b closely orbits a star , not a planet , so tides are n't its only source of heat .
Based on previous observations , astronomers know that CoRoT - 7b's surface is between 1,832 and 2,732 degrees Fahrenheit ( 1,000 and 1,500 degrees Celsius ) .
That 's hot enough for there to be " ponds or possibly even oceans of magma , " Barnes said .
Scientists also know that the planet is tidally locked , which means that only one side ever faces the star .
" There could be volcanism on the back side of the planet , " Barnes said .
" It could be that on one side the surface is molten , and on the other side there 's raging volcanoes . "
Planet More Like Io Than Earth
CoRoT - 7b was found using the French - led planet - hunting mission CoRoT , which looks for periodic dips in starlight caused by orbiting bodies passing in front of — transiting — a star , as seen from Earth .
When CoRoT - 7b's discovery was announced in February 2009 , astronomers hailed the world as the smallest exoplanet yet found orbiting a sunlike star .
( Related : " Stars Can Strip Gas Giants Naked . " )
From CoRoT - 7b's transits , astronomers could tell that the planet is about twice the size of Earth , which is approximately 7,920 miles ( 12,760 kilometers ) wide .
Io measures roughly 2,260 miles ( 3,630 kilometers ) across .
Later studies measured CoRoT - 7b's mass and density and confirmed that the planet is rocky .
Based on these characteristics , CoRoT - 7b was dubbed a super - Earth .
The term is one of a handful — such as " hot Jupiter " and " super - Neptune " — being used to informally classify exoplanets based on how closely they resemble worlds in our solar system .
In the recent study , presented last month at a meeting of the American Astronomical Society , Barnes and colleagues looked at the possible orbits for CoRoT - 7 b based on its size and mass , its proximity to its star , and its interactions with a nearby sister planet , CoRoT - 7 c .
The researchers found that even a slight eccentricity in CoRoT - 7 b 's orbit would generate enough tidal heating to spawn bunches of volcanoes , making the planet much more Io - like than Earthlike .
For starters , just as Io circles close to massive Jupiter , CoRoT - 7b orbits very close to its host star , so the influence of gravity is especially strong , Barnes said .
What 's more , both Io and CoRoT - 7b are tidally locked .
In Io 's case , this means that one side always faces Jupiter .
That side of the moon is being tugged so much harder by gravity that the otherwise round world becomes slightly elongated , with a bulge around the middle .
" Earth does this — we have a tidal bulge due to interactions with the sun and our moon , " Barnes noted .
" The ocean tides are the result of [ gravitational ] tides , but rock is also distorted due to tidal effects . "
In addition , Io maintains an irregular , elliptical orbit due to interactions with other Jovian moons close by , so its distance to Jupiter changes over time .
As Io gets closer to Jupiter , it becomes more elongated , and as it moves away it becomes more spherical .
" If you had a tennis ball and you kept squeezing it , you would get heat from friction , " Barnes said .
" For Io it 's like that , except you 're doing it to a planet . "
Look for the Gases ?
For now , CoRoT - 7b is too distant to allow for current techniques and telescopes to accurately trace the planet 's orbit , so whether the world truly resembles
Io remains a mystery .
But " I think they have a pretty good case , " said Rosaly Lopes , a planetary scientist with NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California .
After all , volcanism on Io had been predicted shortly before the Voyager spacecraft actually spotted the moon 's volcanic plumes in 1979 , she said .
( See a picture of a giant plume on Io . )
" Stan Peale and colleagues ... analyzed the orbit of Io and said it would have tidal heating , " Lopes said .
The very next week , pictures from Voyager revealed about a dozen plumes , and later images from the Galileo spacecraft found more than 170 active volcanoes .
Peale , now a professor emeritus at the University of California , Santa Barbara , agreed that " the authors ' conclusions are viable , " noting that the presence of a second planet near CoRoT - 7 b means that the planet 's orbit could vary " sufficiently to heat the interior to a super - Io state , leading to Io - like volcanic surface activity . "
According to JPL's Lopes , " what 's interesting here is that they 're showing worlds like Io probably exist in other solar systems .
But whether [ CoRoT - 7b ] actually has active volcanism at the moment is going to be very difficult to prove . "
It 's possible spacecraft such as the Spitzer Space Telescope could see gases coming from CoRoT - 7b 's volcanoes , study author Barnes said .
" It might have a huge cloud of volcanic gases orbiting the planet .
We could maybe see it in [ light signatures ] using Spitzer , but that would be very hard , because the planet is so far and so faint . "
Overall , Barnes thinks similarly hot , rocky worlds will start turning up in the tens of hundreds as current planet - hunting missions such as CoRoT and the recently launched Kepler spacecraft peer deeper into the sky .
( Related : " Five New Planets Found ; Hotter Than Molten Lava . " )
Welcome To Heavy Planet !
If you are looking for new Stoner Rock , Doom , Heavy Psych or Sludge Metal bands , then you have come to the right place .
Heavy Planet has been providing free promotion to independent and unsigned bands since 2008 .
Find your next favorite band at Heavy Planet .
Thanks for stopping by !
" This is one of the notorious venues in the city .
Every second night there are police cars outside and VCAT , who seem to have taken a holiday at the North Pole over the last year , have said that restricting a 24 - hour licence might damage this business .
Well good , that 's exactly what we want .
" We do n't want packaged grog being sold to people ... in the city .
That 's exactly the problem . "
The venue had fought a move by liquor licensing director Sue Maclellan to shut at 11 pm as part of a crackdown on 24 - hour bottle shops to curb alcohol - related violence in the city .
Owner Harry Chua , who also owns a city backpackers ' hostel , claimed his business was " iconic " among international backpackers and would not survive if forced to close early .
Cr Doyle said he would speak to Consumer Affairs Minister Tony Robinson today to see whether an appeal against VCAT 's decision was possible .
" If we can't push this to its absolute limits then we are not doing the right thing by the city , " he said .
" I would even look at the quite draconian steps of legislating if that 's what the government needed to do .
We might have to look at venues like this , restricting their hours of operation or their numbers of patrons .
" Courts are meant to represent the people of the community and take some notice of public sentiment and public conversation .
I mean , this senior member ( of VCAT ) seems to have overruled all the police evidence , the finding of a Liquor Licensing Panel , because it might damage the business .
That ... to me is just not a reason for it . "
He was also surprised that VCAT had noted that drinking on the street was legal , he said .
" I 'm not sure whey we would need to have drinking on the streets and I 'm actually quite surprised that it is legal because it was my belief that it was not , " he said .
Deputy Commissioner Kieran Walshe said Victoria Police was disappointed with the decision and that more needed to be done to change the current culture that glorified drunkenness .
He conceded that VCAT was just interpreting legislation when handing down its decision but refused to blame the government for failing to introduce tougher anti-booze measures .
‘‘ The issue for us is we ’re always talking to the government about legislation and we ’ll continue to do that and we ’ll talk to the government about what we think may be better legislation going forward , ’’ he said .
‘‘ I do n’t think .... [ we should ] point the finger at anybody .
‘‘ A [ police ] submission went up ... we thought that submission was substantial .
‘‘ We have to accept VCAT has had a different view in relation to that . ’’
The Exford Hotel has declined to comment
The Toronto Maple Leafs dipped into the United States college free - agent pool to sign 23 - year - old forward Brady Irwin on Saturday .
The Leafs have n't announced the signing yet because Irwin and his University of Vermont team were only eliminated in the NCAA West regional by Wisconsin on Friday .
The 6 - foot - 5 , 205 - pound Irwin was raised in Toronto and played junior B for the St. Michael 's Buzzers .
He was a teammate of current Maple Leafs forward Viktor Stalberg at Vermont the previous three seasons .
Irwin completed his fourth season at Vermont with 15 goals and 34 points in 39 games .
OTTAWA — A dramatic reduction in Canadian media coverage of climate change science issues is the result of the Harper government introducing new rules in 2007 to control interviews by Environment Canada scientists with journalists , says a newly released federal document .
" Scientists have noticed a major reduction in the number of requests , particularly from high profile media , who often have same - day deadlines , " said the Environment Canada document .
" Media coverage of climate change science , our most high - profile issue , has been reduced by over 80 per cent . "
The analysis reviewed the impact of a new federal communications policy at Environment Canada , which required senior federal scientists to seek permission from the government prior to giving interviews .
In many cases , the policy also required them to get approval from supervisors of written responses to the questions submitted by journalists before any interview , said the document , obtained in an investigation into the government 's views and policies on global - warming science that was conducted by Climate Action Network Canada , a coalition of environmental groups .
The document suggests the new communications policy has practically eliminated senior federal scientists from media coverage of climate - change science issues , leaving them frustrated that the government was trying to " muzzle " them .
" Many ( federal climate change ) scientists are recognized experts in their field , have received media training , and have successfully carried out media interviews for many years , " said the document , leaked by an Environment Canada employee who asked not to be named .
" Our scientists are very frustrated with the new process .
They feel the intent of the policy is to prevent them from speaking to media . "
The Environment Canada analysis noted that four prominent scientists , who regularly spoke for the government on climate change science issues , appeared in only 12 newspaper clippings in the first nine months of 2008 , compared with 99 clippings over the same period in 2007 .
" There is a widespread perception among Canadian media that our scientists have been ' muzzled ' by the media relations policy , " said the Environment Canada document .
" Media coverage of this perception , which originated with a Canwest story in February 2008 , is continuing , with at least 47 articles in Canadian newspapers to date . "
The document also noted that government scientists voiced their displeasure to communications officials about the policy during meetings in June 2008 .
A few months later , a couple of requests for interviews with scientists in the midst of the 2008 federal election campaign were never answered , including one request that was " denied " after it was forwarded to the office of former environment minister John Baird .
Andrew Cuddy , 21 , who led the investigation by Climate Action Network , said that it reveals " troubling evidence " about the government 's approach to climate - science research , funding , appointments on science panels and communications .
" We 've catalogued a host of evidence from different areas , " said Cuddy .
" They kind of all point to the government trying to undermine climate science research .
( It ) goes against their public statements saying that they 're committed to research and that they believe the fundamentals of climate science . "
The coalition said that one of the biggest concerns is whether the government is adequately funding climate - science research at Environment Canada and other departments after refusing to offer new subsidies for an independent research organization , the Canadian Foundation for Climate and Atmospheric Science , considered to be the lead agency for global warming research in Canada 's universities .
Diego Garcia from a satellite .
The US base in visible in the top left of the atoll .
Photo from NASA .
By Ram Seegobin , Lalit de Klas
February 8 , 2010
Dear leaders of Greenpeace [ UK ] ,
We understand that your organisation has taken a position in favour of the British government ’s outrageous plan to create a “ marine park ” on territory which is not its own , thus tricking ill - informed people into supporting the British state on rather vague grounds of “ the environment ” , while they are in fact banishing the people who lived there and flaunting the Charter of the United Nations .
We write in order to request you to re-think your position on what would in fact be the British government ’s perfidious imposition of a planned Marine Protected Area on part of Mauritius in order to mask the fact that it colonises the land illegally .
Britain colonises the Chagos under the name of “ British Indian Ocean Territory ” ( BIOT ) .
This colony is , as far as we know , recognised by no government in the world , except the USA , which has a huge military base on it [ at Diego Garcia ] .
The Seychelles government took the British to task , and took those of its islands in BIOT back , so blatant was the theft .
The Mauritian government has so far unfortunately been much more servile to its ex-coloniser .
The British government ’s plan for a Marine Protected Area is a very weak , grotesquely transparent ruse designed to perpetuate the banning of the people of Mauritius and Chagos from part of their own country .
And the UK has the cheek to do this , while at one and the same time , perpetuating a polluting nuclear base on Diego Garcia , part of this same stolen territory .
The timing of their plan is also very humiliating for all those who have fallen into the trap : there is a European Human Rights Court which may soon hand down a judgement in favour of the right to return for Chagossians .
Clearly , the British government is preparing a fall - back plan ; if they lose the case , then there will be another “ reason ” for denying the banished people their right of return ; another reason for keeping Mauritius from staking its claim under international law .
Surely the point is for environmentalists to get this nuclear base on Diego Garcia , at the very heart of the Chagos , closed down ?
Not to ignore its existence .
Surely the point is for all concerned people to help complete the decolonisation of Mauritius and the Chagos ?
Not to help in a British cover - up its crimes ?
After decolonisation , the people whose land and sea it is can decide on how to protect and nurture it best , how to affect a clean - up of the base once it was closed down , and how to re-generate it into the beautiful atoll it once was .
And we would hope for ideas and support from Greenpeace , amongst other environmentalists , as to how best to do this .
Illegal acts
The British state and the USA not only collaborated in the forcible removal of all the people of the entire Chagos , tricking them first , denying them passage back after medical visits to Mauritius main island , gassing their dogs as a warning , then finally starving them off the islands ; the British state and the USA not only illegally plotted so as to dismember a country and hide this from the United Nations Decolonisation Committee , as has been amply made public in the judgements in the court case brought by the Chagossians , but have also set up a huge immensely polluting military base , one of the biggest in the world , a nuclearised base , right there in the same place that the UK now pretends to want to turn into a Marine Protected Area .
The USA has even carried out illegal renditions for torture on and around Diego Garcia ; after denying this for years , Jack Straw finally admitted it in the British parliament .
So , Greenpeace should perhaps bear in mind that these illegal acts do , in time , get exposed and condemned by people .
Greenpeace should dissociate itself from this entire international plot .
It is an old plot whose first shady days have gradually been exposed to the public by years and years of active struggle on the part of Mauritian political parties , associations , trade unions and the people displaced from Chagos , with their women at the helm of the demonstrations .
Our women members were among those arrested by the police in 1981 at peaceful demonstration in Port Louis .
And though the illegal colonisation and the nuclear base have both continued , the conspiracy to remove all the people , and for the UK to steal the islands , and for the US to become receiver of stolen goods , have been exposed in public in the British courts and in international meetings against US military bases .
So , being part of the tail end of this long - term conspiracy will bring shame on organisations like Greenpeace .
That individuals fall into this trap is understandable .
But for organisations , we are afraid it will be very damaging to your reputation .
Previous support for Diego Garcia campaign
In the past , Greenpeace has known about Diego Garcia .
We would very much like to remind you that in October , 1998 , Lalit de Klas [ Mauritius ' revolutionary socialist party ] sent one of our members to have a formal meeting with your organisation at your headquarters in Amsterdam .
The Rann nu Diego Committee , a common front of some 10 organisations in Mauritius , including one of the two main Chagossian groups , the Chagos Refugees Group , endorsed Lalit ’s request for a Greenpeace action on Diego Garcia to oppose the nuclear base there .
One of our members , Ms. Lindsey Collen , thus had a formal meeting at your headquarters with Ms. Stephanie Mills , who she found to be a very capable , dedicated Australian campaign worker for your organisation .
Following this meeting , and following the dossier that we submitted formally at the same time , Greenpeace informed us by email that you had organised for one of your vessels ( in a window of opportunity ) to take a group of people for an action on Diego Garcia in or around March 1999 , in protest against the military base , its nuclearisation , the forcible removals and the continued colonisation of part of Mauritius .
We were already discussing how many people , preparing for a campaign to get support from peace and environment organisations worldwide , and thinking up the kind of media plan necessary .
Lalit immediately set in motion a very broad campaign for “ background support ” , which we got from a series of organisations literally all over the world in order to back up the planned action as soon as it would be able to become public .
Response from all over the world was very good .
The issue was coming up at the right moment .
The only thing that prevented the vessel from actually doing this visit , which would have been truly historic , and which would have been one of Greenpeace ’s greatest sources of pride as you looked back on your history , was thwarted , we were informed , when the vessel to be used got “ iced in ” during a trip to the Antarctica in early 1999 , and would , by the time it got out of the ice , be too late , as it was already booked for another action afterwards .
Later , in January , 2004 , in the outskirts of the World Social Forum meeting in Mumbai , there was a second attempt , this time to ask Greenpeace if you could lead a planned Flotilla to Chagos and Diego Garcia , given that the Chagossians had won a court case for the right to return ( since overturned -- in part by decree in the UK , and in part by a Privy Council appeal judgement last year ) .
This time it was a joint request from the Chagos Refugees Group and Lalit .
Greenpeace were unable to do this , but your leaders at the time were aware of the issues involved .
Campaign continues
We mention your past links with the Diego Garcia issue because we believe that your position on the Marine Protected Area which the UK is planning is erroneous .
The UK is clearly trying to use the “ environment issue ” as a desperate attempt to continue its continued colonisation of part of Mauritius .
Greenpeace should not allow itself to be used this way .
At present our organisation is spearheading a campaign to call on the Mauritian government to do two things :
Request the UN General Assembly pass a motion for the International Court of Justice at the Hague to give an opinion as to whose territory the Chagos is ( the UK accepted compulsory arbitration except from cases put in by Commonwealth countries , and when the Mauritian government some seven years ago threatened to leave the Commonwealth in order to put a binding case , British PM Tony Blair just sent new instructions to his UN ambassador to change the exception to include ex-Commonwealth members .
This shows the kind of lengths the UK state will go to .
Request the UN International Atomic Energy Agency to do inspections of Diego Garcia for nuclear materials , given the coming into operation in 2009 of the Pelindaba Treaty for a Nuclear Weapons Free Africa .
We would very much appreciate it if Greenpeace could consider supporting these two demands .
Both would certainly help the environment of the Chagos , as they both involve exposing then closing the nuclear military base .
Just as the UK government is now being exposed for entering illegally into the Iraq War , and Bush and Blair risk charges as war criminals , so in the future the UK and USA may be publicly exposed as illegal occupiers , as war mongers on Chagos , and as polluters of the Indian Ocean with truly filthy military base .
Because that is what they are .
Yours sincerely ,
Ram Seegobin , for LALIT , Mauritius , February 8 , 2010 .
lalitmail [ at ] intnet.mu
www.lalitmauritius.org
153 Main Road , GRNW , Port Louis , Republic of Mauritius .
Tel / fax : 230 208 2132 ; Tel : 230 208 2555 .
Faxed ( as well as this email ) to Greenpeace headquarters in Amsterdam on +31 207182002 .
Lines - Breakup Lines
Everyone knows a few pick - up lines , but no one ever thinks about what to say when they break up with someone .
Or , an exercise in the “ put science words in hat and pull them out at randon ” fallacy ™ .
A reader emailed me this site and asked me to take a look .
It ’s called BICOM Bioresonance Therapy and is described , “ as a gentle computer modulated therapy which helps to identify and treat the underlying causes of the disease , not only the symptoms ” .
Has your quack alert been activated yet ?
If not , it should have .
Familiarise yourself with the seven signs of pseudoscience .
This is a great way to learn to spot quack products and avoid yourself getting scammed ( or worse , put your health at risk ) .
BICOM is just another one of those “ zapping ” devices , sometimes known as Bioresonance therapy or Vega testing , and is not a dissimiliar concept to the E- meter used for personality profiling by the Church of Scientology .
These things claim they will treat or cure just about anything , from allergies and geopathic stress (? ) to cancers , but there is scant evidenc that they do any of these things .
They all make similar claims , but for the sake of clarity , I will use Biocom as an example to analyse some of these claims .
Bicom fits the “ junk science ” label pretty well , and also has the dubious honor of hijacking scientific terminology and technology to lend legitimacy to it ’s product .
This has the effect of “ blinding consumers with science ” to make them think if it sounds sciencey , then it must work !
See the diagram .
Science !
This is a particular heinous modus operandi in my opinion , particularly because since these therapies are not based in evidence , they choose to
cherry pick science to suit their agenda .
So , whilst homeopaths will tell you that quantum physics explains that water has memory , on the other hand randomised controlled trials ( RCTs ) ca n’t be used on homeopathy – this is usually because the results do not turn out like they want .
* Sulk * .
Anti-vaxers on the other hand repeatedly demand RCTs for vaccine safety , but reject the mounting scientific evidence that mercury does not cause autism .
Convenient hey ?
But then I never claimed these people were rational or logical , did I ?
But I digress , back to BICOM .
I ’ve picked some gems from their website as examples of junk science .
First thing you should always look for when determining if a product is a scam if it claims to treat or cure many unrelated diseases .
Bingo !
“ The BICOM device detects and treats problems with Candida , parasites , bacteria , fungi , viruses , heavy metals , chemicals , miasms , allergies and food intolerances , immune system , treats geopathic stress , reduces scar interference , detoxifies , reduces pain and inflammation and regulates the hormonal system .
Programmes in the device are applied for a wide range of conditions such as smoking addiction , allergies , ankle problems , bedwetting , blood circulation , blood pressure , bowel and other digestive problems , catarrh , colitis , depression , dizziness , ear complaints , lack of energy , eye problems , fever , hay fever , hip / joint issues , impotence , liver , lymph , MS , pain , prostate , rheumatism , sinusitis , skin , spine , thyroid , warts , etc . ”
I stopped counting at fifteen .
Note the claims of “ detects and treats ” .
Perhaps the Complaints Resolution Panel of the Therapeutic Goods Administration ( Australia ’s equivalent of the FDA in America ) would be interested in hearing about this ?
Just a thought .
Also , unlike the conventional science based option , this one will be completely safe , has no side effects and be non invasive .
Oh wait , look what I found .
“ It is a highly effective , painfree , and non-invasive therapy without harmful side effects ” .
Tick .
Next , look for any connection to quantum mechanics or quantum physics .
“ Findings from the area of biophysical and quantum mechanics and quantum physics have opened up amazing possibilities and have led to impressive developments in technology .
Such findings are useful to explain the basis of bioresonance therapy . ”
Tick .
In the category of “ pardon ? ”
“ … it been proven that cells communicate with each other by means of “ flashes of light ”
No , it has n’t .
You just made this up .
Cells communicate by sending messages via chemicals .
Not baby fireworks .
“ Every substance and therefore every cell of every part of the body ( but also viruses , bacteria , pollen , etc .. ) emit their energy .
They have a highly specific , typical wavelength or frequency with entirely individual characteristics .
This is termed the ‘ frequency pattern ’ . ”
Wha ?
This is an example of making stuff up and chucking in “ energy ” to make it sound kinda sciencey .
Funny , whenever you ask these people exactly what they mean by “ energy ” they fail to answer the question .
That ’s because they have no idea themselves .
This is what I like to call the “ put science words in a hat and draw them out at random ” fallacy .
But what about the Treatment of Pathological Oscillations ?
Well Bioresonance therapy can do that too .
“ Many diseases start with pathological oscillations or vibrations from toxins , moulds , parasites and chemicals . ”
Again nonsense .
Why is the alternative medicine crowd are so taken with energy and “ vibrations ” ?
If a therapy present testimonials in the place of evidence you should also be suspicious .
Does Bioresonance therapy do this ?
Yes they do .
If you ’re still unsure then always check for the obligatory disclaimer .
Here they will tell you themselves ( to cover their ass from lawyers ) that their product does nothing , their website may be wrong , and do n’t take advice from them .
DISCLAIMER :
This website is not designed to be used to make any diagnoses , prescribe any form of treatment or medication or order tests .
The information contained is provided as an educational service .
The website contains articles on many health and wellness topics ; however , no warranty is made that any of the articles are accurate .
There is absolutely no assurance that any statement contained or cited in an article touching on medical matters is true , correct , precise or up to date .
Quack alert .
The BICOM Bioresonance is another “ zapper * ” that does nothing except empty your wallet .
* Hulda Clark sells zappers that she claims can treat cancer .
She wrote the book “ The cure for all cancers ” .
She died of cancer .
Browse Timeline
Three years after forming the Morphoses company to much excitement in the dance world , the choreographer Christopher Wheeldon is walking away from the ensemble amid apparent friction with his executive director .
In an interview Sunday evening Mr. Wheeldon said there was not enough of a cadre of full - time dancers to work with .
“ If I have to consider a new crop of dancers for each tour , then the conditions are n’t much different from what I have elsewhere as a freelance choreographer , ” Mr. Wheeldon said .
“ As a freelancer you fly in , you choose your dancers , you make a ballet , you fly out , then you do it all over again with a different company .
The beauty of having a permanent company is to have dancers who know just how you like them to move , the way you want them to cut shapes in space , the way you ask them to respond to music . ”
Mr. Wheeldon , 36 , told the company  formally known as Morphoses / The Christopher Wheeldon Company  of his decision on Feb. 11 but kept it secret until Sunday .
He held the title of artistic director .
The Mobius Dress proposes an inherently inside - out and outside - in garment .
The Mobius Loop , applied to the body , creates one continuous loop designed to turn inside out as it unravels .
Because the Mobius strip is one - sided , one - edged and has no fixed orientation , the Felt material used for the dress also has no hierarchy , no warp and no weft .
Structured only by the body , dress twists and turns to form a continuously evolving surface as it unwinds and intertwines to form a perpetually changing surface in relation to the body .
Designer : My Studio
A couple days ago I had mentioned that Lord Avebury had asked the UK Government about their usage of IE .
The UK Government has now answered and I am reproducing the full text of the question and answer below :
Asked by Lord Avebury
To ask Her Majesty ’s Government what discussions they have had with the governments of France and Germany about security risks of using Internet Explorer ; and whether they will encourage public sector users to use another web browser .
[ HL1420 ]
The Parliamentary Under - Secretary of State , Home Office ( Lord West of Spithead ) : UK government officials and subject matter experts are in regular contact with their counterparts in France , Germany and other countries on both a bilateral and multilateral basis to exchange technical information and opinions on many aspects of cyber security , including software vulnerabilities .
For example , the UK’s Government Computer Emergency Response Team ( GovCertUK ) and Combined Security Incident Response Team ( CSIRTUK ) are members of the group of European Government CERTS ( EGG ) , as are their French and German equivalents .
Complex software will always have vulnerabilities and motivated adversaries will always work to discover and take advantage of them .
We take internet security very seriously and we have worked with Microsoft and other suppliers over many years to understand the security of the products used by HMG , including Internet Explorer .
There is no evidence that moving from the latest fully patched versions of Internet Explorer to other browsers will make users more secure .
Regular software patching and updating will help defend against the latest threats .
Microsoft issued a patch to fix the recent Internet Explorer vulnerability on 21 January .
Prior to this , government departments had been issued with a GovCertUK alert on how to deal with this particular incident and to mitigate vulnerabilities in relation to particular versions of IE .
A government user , operating on government systems , such as the Government Secure Intranet ( GSi ) , will benefit from additional security measures , unlikely to be available to the average home computer user .
These include tools which actively monitor for evidence of any malicious attacks .
Source : Lords Hansard text for 26 Jan 2010
The world of modern technology is a fascinating one .
Who would ’ve thought that losing a limb , although tragic , does n’t always ...
Internet café owners are being asked to spy on their customers as part of the Met police 's terrorism prevention efforts .
Under a pilot project in Camden some have agreed to monitor their customers ' internet habits for evidence of interest in Islamic extremism , the BBC reports .
They are intalling police screensavers and putting up posters warning against visiting extremist websites .
The intitative is part of the Prevent strand of the government 's counter - terrorism strategy , which aims to stop radicalisation by winning the " battle of ideas " .
Café owners are asked to use their own judgement as to what amounts to extremist material .
The focus on internet cafes follows the conviction last year of the liquid bomb plotters , who planned to blow up passenger jets by mixing chemicals disguised as soft drinks .
They used public cafés to anonymously access extremist websites and communicate with each other .
Arun Kundnani of the Institute of Race Relations described the initiative as " dangerous " .
" It ... potentially criminalises people for accessing material that is legal but which expresses religious and political opinions that police officers find unacceptable , " he said .
" It is likely to result in not only a general violation of privacy and freedom of expression but also discrimination against Muslims , whose use of the internet will be seen as inherently more suspicious . "
Other parts of Prevent have been criticised for alienating Muslim communities from the police .
It has also been alleged that funds meant to support moderate Islamic groups have been diverted to extremists . ®
WORLD CUP 2010 : Sven Goran Eriksson to take charge of Ivory Coast in South Africa
By Sportsmail Reporter
Three in a row : Swede Eriksson was at the last two World Cups as England manager
Sven Goran Eriksson is set to lead Ivory Coast at the World Cup finals .
Jacques Anouma , head of the African country 's FA , is in Paris to conclude negotiations with the former England manager , who emerged as the frontrunner after Guus Hiddink turned down the chance to replace Vahid Halilhodzic .
Eriksson , 62 , is considering a short - term contract before a likely return to club management after South Africa 2010 , when Frenchman Gerard Gili is expected take over .
Halilhodzic was dismissed after only taking Ivory Coast to the quarter - finals of the Africa Cup of Nations earlier this year .
Former Manchester City boss Eriksson , who quit Notts County as director of football in February , took England to the quarter - final stage at both the 2002 and 2006 World Cups .
Update : Students Knew “ MacBook Cameras Turned On Randomly ”
One of the students involved in the class - action lawsuit against the administrators who used school - provided laptops to spy on them , contacted Gizmodo with details about what was happening .
Frequently , the green lights next to our [ Early 2008 MacBook ]
iSight webcams will turn on .
The school district claims that this is just a glitch .
We are all doubting this now .
Another student has confirmed this :
I questioned the IT guy about why it was happening he said that it was because people logged out when an application using the camera was on , he also stated that they could in fact go and look through your webcam it would just violate the fifth ammendment and that ’s why they did n’t .
Today , their principal went on loudspeaker and said that all this was “ not true . ”
Remember kids , if the green light goes on in your laptop , someone is watching you somewhere .
[ Gizmodo ]
SHIPS and aircraft searched choppy and frigid seas yesterday for survivors of one of South Korea 's worst naval disasters , but hopes faded for 46 seamen missing after an unexplained explosion tore a warship in half .
The tragedy happened near the tense disputed Yellow Sea border with North Korea , scene of bloody naval clashes in 1999 and 2002 .
Emergency ... South Korean marines in Incheon embark for the site of the sinking ; ( inset ) President Lee Myung - bak , centre , in talks with his national security council .
Credit : AP , Reuters
Seoul officials said there was no sign so far that the North was to blame .
President Lee Myung - Bak called emergency security meetings and ordered a swift and thorough investigation into the sinking of the 1200 - tonne corvette near Baengnyeong Island .
I got this note from someone with many decades ' experience in national politics , about a discussion between two Congressmen over details of the stimulus bill :
" GOP member : ' I 'd like this in the bill . '
" Dem member response : ' If we put it in , will you vote for the bill ? '
" GOP member : ' You know I can't vote for the bill . '
" Dem member : ' Then why should we put it in the bill ? '
" I witnessed this myself . "
I wrote back saying , " Great story ! " and got the response I quote below and after the jump .
It is worth reading because its argument has the valuable quality of being obvious -- once it is pointed out .
The emphasis is mine rather than in the original ; it is to highlight a basic structural reality that has escaped most recent analysis of the " bipartisanship " challenge .
" BTW , that exchange I quoted is not really a great story .
It is a basic story , fundamental to legislation -- a sort of ' duh ! ' moment -- and to the US Congressional system , and to the key difference between our system and a parliamentary system when it comes to bipartisanship .
I 'm astonished every pundit does n't already get it , but many either do n't or seem willfully to ignore it .
" In our system , if the minority party can create and enforce party discipline ( which has never really been done before , but which the GOP has now accomplished ) , then OF COURSE there can be no ' bipartisanship ' on major legislative matters , in the sense of ( 1 ) the minority adding provisions to legislation as the majority compromises with them , and ( 2 ) at least some minority party members then voting with the majority .
" In a parliamentary system , the minority party is not involved in helping write or voting for major legislation either .
If you think about it , and as that exchange I quoted shows , that sort of ' bipartisanship ' really can't happen in a parliamentary system on issues where the minority party has the power to tell its members to boycott the majority 's major bills on final passage .
" Bipartisanship in the American sense means compromising on legislation so that a sufficient number of members of Congress from BOTH parties will support it , even if ( as is typically the case ) a few majority party members defect and most minority party members do n't join .
Bipartisanship consists of getting ENOUGH members of the minority party to join the ( incomplete ) majority in voting for major legislation .
It ca n't happen if the minority party members vote as a block against major legislation .
And that can happen only if the minority party has the ability to discipline its ranks so that none join the majority , which is the unprecedented situation we 've got in Congress today .
" The way parliamentary parties maintain their discipline is straightforward .
No candidate can run for office using the party label unless the party bestows that label upon him or her .
And usually , the party itself and not the candidate raises and controls all the campaign funds .
As every political scientist knows , the fact that in the U.S. any candidate can pick his or her own party label without needing anyone else 's approval , and can also raise his or her own campaign funds , is why there cannot be and never really has been any sustained party discipline before -- even though it is a feature of parliamentary systems .
" The GOP now maintains party discipline by the equivalent of a parliamentary party 's tools :
The GOP can effectively deny a candidate the party label ( by running a more conservative GOP candidate against him or her ) , and the GOP can also provide the needed funds to the candidate of the party 's choice .
And every GOP member of Congress knows it .
( Snowe and Collins may be immune , but that 's about it . )
" I 've missed almost all the punditry this past week ... but what I 've seen seems almost like a lot of misleading fluff designed to fill the void that should follow an understanding of the foregoing , at least on the subject of ' why no bipartisanship ? '
There 's really nothing more to be said about " why no bipartisanship , " once one recognizes the GOP party discipline .
On this issue , it 's absolutely astounding to blame Obama or even the Congressional leadership ( although Pelosi and Reid leave much to be desired otherwise ) .
It 's doubly astounding that the GOP did it once before , less perfectly , but with a very large reward for bad behavior in the form of the 1994 mid-term elections .
Yet no one calls them on it effectively , and bad behavior seems about to be rewarded again ...
" Ironically , the one thing that might lubricate some bipartisanship -- earmarks , or their functional equivalent in specific amendments of general policy -- is becoming unavailable just when needed , and when it might help .
After the exchange I quoted ( and observed ) , a Dem could run against that GOP incumbent by pointing out that the GOP opponent lost X or Y or Z project or policy benefit for his or her district or state by insisting on voting down the line with the GOP .
' Put his party above his constituents , ' might be the charge , or ' Put Michael Steele above you and me . '
But so far , the Dems do n't seem to have cottoned onto this .
They could go into the 2010 elections not just challenging the obstructionists in the GOP , but showing the electorate what the price of obstruction has been for real people back home . "
As I have pointed out a time or two or a thousand , the structural failures of American government are the country 's main problem right now .
In this installment , we see that the US now has the drawbacks of a parliamentary system -- absolute party - line voting by the opposition , for instance -- without any of the advantages , from comparable solidarity among the governing party to the principle of " majority rules . "
If Democrats could find a way to talk about structural issues -- if everyone can find a way to talk about them -- that would be at least a step .
And the Dems could talk about the simple impossibility of governing when the opposition is committed to " No " as a bloc .
Please remember that this is an archive of an older website for researchers , and it is not being updated .
Therefore , much of the material here is not current .
Much like any library archive , it is " out - of - date . "
Brick and mortar libraries do not toss out older resource materials , they archive them .
That is what we have done here .
History is Powerful Why the Christian Right Distorts History and Why it Matters By Frederick Clarkson
The Public Eye Magazine - Spring 2007
The notion that America was founded as a Christian nation is a central animating element of the ideology of the Christian Right .
It touches every aspect of life and culture in this , one of the most successful and powerful political movements in American history .
The idea that America 's supposed Christian identity has somehow been wrongly taken , and must somehow be restored , permeates the psychology and vision of the entire movement .
No understanding of the Christian Right is remotely adequate without this foundational concept .
But the Christian nationalist narrative has a fatal flaw : it is based on revisionist history that does not stand up under scrutiny .
The bad news is that to true believers , it does not have to stand up to the facts of history to be a powerful and animating part of the once and future Christian nation .
Indeed , through a growing cottage industry of Christian revisionist books and lectures now dominating the curricula of home schools and many private Christian academies , Christian nationalism becomes a central feature of the political identity of children growing up in the movement .
The contest for control of the narrative of American history is well underway .
History is powerful .
That 's why it is important for the rest of society not only to recognize the role of creeping Christian historical revisionism , but our need to craft a compelling and shared story of American history , particularly as it relates to the role of religion and society .
We need it in order to know not how the religious Right is wrong , but to know where we ourselves stand in the light of history , in relation to each other , and how we can better envision a future together free of religious prejudice , and ultimately , religious warfare .
We 've seen how religious beliefs ( and other ideologies ) inspire people to view others as subhuman , deviant , and deserving of whatever happens to them , including death .
It is the stuff of persecution , pogroms , and warfare .
The framers of the U.S. Constitution struggled with how to inoculate the new nation against these ills , and in many respects , the struggle continues today .
The story goes that when Benjamin Franklin , a hometown delegate to the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia , emerged from the proceedings , people asked him what happened .
His famous answer was " You have a republic , if you can keep it . "
To " keep it " in our time , we must appreciate the threat and dynamics of Christian nationalism , and the underlying historical revisionism that supports it .
Then we can develop ways to counter it .
Meanwhile , the historical revisionist narrative has been fully integrated into the " biblical worldview " of a wide theological and political spectrum of the Christian Right .
Christian nationalists include such familiar figures as Left Behind novelist Tim LaHaye , as well as Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson , D. James Kennedy and James Dobson , and the late theologian R.J. Rushdoony .
Indeed , the general approach Rushdoony outlined has become widely accepted among Christian nationalists , specifically that God actively intervenes in and guides history , and that God 's role can be retroactively discerned , from creation to the predestined Kingdom of God on Earth .
Historical events described as " God 's providence " are then interpreted in terms of what God must have been up to .
This is how Rushdoony arrives at what he called Christian history , based on " Christian revisionism . " 1
Here are a few examples of how Christian nationalism and revisionism permeate the Christian Right and affect American political life .
They should lend a sense of urgency to the project of contending for the story of the origins of American democracy and the rights of individual conscience .
Reading List
Four short accessible books that go a long way towards the development of a mainstream narrative of the development of the role of religion in American history are :
Four short accessible books that go a long way towards the development of a mainstream narrative of the development of the role of religion in American history are : Edwin S. Gaustad , Faith of Our Fathers : Religion and the New Nation , Harper & Row , 1987 .
Franklin T. Lambert , The Founding Fathers and The Place of Religion in America , Princeton , 2003 .
Isaac Kramnick and R. Laurence Moore , The Godless Constitution : A Moral Defense of the Secular State , W.W. Norton , 2005 .
Barry Lynn , Piety and Politics : The Right - Wing Assault on Religious Freedom , Harmony Books , 2006 .
The Once and Future Christian Nation
Here are a few examples of how Christian nationalism and revisionism permeate the Christian Right and affect American political life .
They should lend a sense of urgency to the project of contending for the story of the origins of American democracy and the rights of individual conscience .
" We want to reaffirm our Christian roots - we are a Christian country , " said John Blanchard , coordinator for The Assembly 2007 , a Christian nationalist extravaganza to be led by televangelist Pat Robertson in April .
The occasion is the 400th anniversary of the landing at Jamestown .
The Assembly is an alternative to , but technically part of , the official Jamestown commemorative events led by mainstream historians at Colonial Williamsburg .
" They did come ashore dragging a cross ...
We were started as a Christian nation , " Blanchard told The Virginian - Pilot newspaper , " and I feel it 's God 's purpose we stay a Christian nation . "
The Assembly , comprising two main events , promises to be influential on the Christian Right .
There will be a " Consecration Conference " held at the Rock Church , a 5,200 - seat megachurch in Virginia Beach , as well as a dedication ceremony at the beach , which will include a costumed reenactment of the landing .
Participants will plant white crosses in the sand - the crossbars emblazoned with One Nation Under God , ( available for $ 14.95 ) .
The act is intended to mean that " you dedicate your church , family , and nation to God ! "
According to the press release : " It was on April 29 , 1607 , that a young Anglican chaplain , Robert Hunt , planted a cross on what is now known as Cape Henry , dedicating the new land for the purposes of God . "
" We see this as a God - given time for our nation , " said Bishop John Gimenez , who is leading the team that is organizing the event .
" We are encouraging Christians across the country to plant a cross at their churches or in their front yards to do their own personal dedication of the land to God . "
According to organizers , the event will both make history and renew it - by re-establishing a 400 - year - old covenant with God on Dedication Sunday , April 29 , 2007 .
A film , " The Landing , " produced by Robertson 's Christian Broadcasting Network , is scheduled to be aired on the ABC Family Channel .
Additionally , parts of the dedication may be broadcast over various conservative Christian broadcast networks , and Paul Crouch of Trinity Broadcasting Network is among its organizers .
Other leaders of the Assembly include Texas evangelist and political activist John Hagee ; Ohio theocratic political operative Rod Parsley ; prominent evangelists Jack Hayford and Kenneth Copeland ; as well as Bishop John and Rev. Anne Giminez , who organized the massive Washington for Jesus rallies in 1980 and 1988 ; and Ron Luce , leader of Teen Mania Ministries , an agency that seeks to mobilize youth as a militantly dominionist force in American politics and culture .
John Blanchard claims that the Jamestown landing signifies that , " We were started as a Christian nation and I feel it 's God 's purpose we stay a Christian nation . "
Indeed , to read The Assembly 2007 web site , one would think that the King had sent missionaries to Virginia .
Far from it .
The London Company behind the venture pooled investors interested in making money .
For years , it floundered badly .
Eventually , the company gave up the commercial charter and control reverted to the Crown .
The gauzy view of Christians claiming the land for Christ and King is clarified by history .
When news of The Assembly 2007 and Blanchard 's claim reached Joe Conn at Americans United for Separation of Church and State , he pulled out his history books in rebuttal : " According to Anson Phelps Stokes ' Church And State in the United States , the London Company 's November 20 , 1606 ' Articles , Instructions , and Orders ' did , indeed , demand that the prospective American colony ' provide that the true word , and service of God and Christian faith be preached . '
But the charter added that the ' true word ' must be ' according to the doctrine , rights , and religion now professed and established within our realme of England . ' "
In other words , Jamestown was to be a bastion of the Anglican Church , the established faith of England .
The local government was to enforce religious conformity , not religious freedom .
According to Leo Pfeffer 's Church , State and Freedom , the leaders of the Virginia settlement wasted no time in carrying out that edict .
Governor Thomas Dale in 1612 mandated " Lawes Divine , Moral and Martial " that decreed the death penalty for those who " speak impiously of the Trinity ... or against the known articles of the Christian faith . "
Those who cursed would have a bodkin ( needle ) " thrust through the tongue , " and all immigrants to the new land were to report to the Anglican minister for " examination in the faith . "
Anyone who refused faced a daily whipping " until he makes acknowledgement .
"
2 The Separation of Church and State in Party Politics Christian nationalism is permeating not just cultural but national political life .
The Republican National Committee employed leading Christian revisionist author David Barton to barnstorm conservative churches in voter mobilization campaigns during the past few election cycles and to make appearances with GOP candidates .
The talented Mr. Barton made hundreds of campaign appearances in 2004 alone .
In his appearances , Barton glibly but effectively links the notion of one 's personal religious identity with the destiny of the nation , which in turn is conveniently interpreted in terms of the fortunes of GOP candidates .
This should come as no surprise .
Barton was named one of the nation 's " 25 Most Influential Evangelicals " by Time magazine in 2005 and for many years served as the vice - chair of the Texas GOP .
In the 2006 mid-term elections , Barton again went out on the stump , notably with unsuccessful GOP gubernatorial candidate Ken Blackwell of Ohio .
" His presentation has just enough ring of truth to make him credible to many people , " wrote Brent Walker of the Baptist Joint Committee on Public Affairs , ( comprising mainstream Baptist groups , but not the Southern Baptist Convention ) in a detailed critique of Barton in 2005 .
Among other things , Walker rebuts historical distortions and revisions regarding the phrase " separation of church and state . "
" Barton asserts that church - state separation is not in the Constitution , " writes Walker .
He continues :
Of course , neither the words " church state separation " nor " wall of separation " appear in the Constitution .
That does not mean Barton 's position is correct .
The Constitution does not specifically mention " separation of powers " or " the right to a fair trial " either , but who would deny the Constitutional status of those concepts ?
" Church - state separation " is a metaphor for what certainly was and is the spirit of the First Amendment 's religion clauses - government is to be neutral toward religion to the end of ensuring religious liberty .
Barton mentions church - state separation as flowing from Thomas Jefferson 's 1802 letter to the Danbury Connecticut Baptist Association .
He asserts that later in the letter Jefferson made it clear that he wanted only a " one directional wall " to prevent the government from harming religion , not to prevent religion from capturing the government .
A reading of the entire letter belies any suggestion that Thomas Jefferson thought it was " one directional . "
There is absolutely nothing in the letter even to hint that that is the case .
Indeed , to the degree that Jefferson 's notion was one - directional , most scholars would argue that he was more concerned with the church harming the state than vice versa .
( Laurence H. Tribe , American Constitutional Law , p. 1159 . )
Of course , Barton completely ignores Roger William 's reference 150 years earlier to the " hedge or wall of separation between the garden of church and the wilderness of the world . "
( Perry Miller , Roger Williams : His Contribution to the American Tradition , p. 89 . )
It is clear that Williams , a Baptist pioneer , saw the advantage to the church of a clear boundary erected between itself and the state .
More than that , he thought this wall was mandated by the very principles of Christianity .
To that end , he wrote : " All civil states with officers of justice , in their respective constitutions and administrations , are ... essentially civil , and therefore not judges , governors , or defenders of Spiritual , or Christian , State and worship ...
An enforced uniformity of religion throughout a nation or civil state confounds the civil and religious , denies the principles of Christianity and civility , and that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh . "
( Stokes , supra , p. 199 . )
Thus , Williams and Jefferson understood the benefits to both the church and state of keeping those two entities separate and distinct .
3
Yet Barton has suffered little of this kind formal critique , and little mainstream or alternative press coverage , his prominent role in the GOP notwithstanding .
Also lacking is a sufficiently accessible and credible narrative of American history that answers Barton and his ilk , and seizes the high ground based on sound history and a popular appeal to values we share or can come to share in common .
We need a widely agreed upon narrative of how religious pluralism and respect for the right to religious difference emerged in American history .
Instead , political consultants demand that mainstream politicians speak of their " faith journey , " or excoriate " religious political extremists , " or denounce unnamed " secularists " who are said to be driving mainstream and progressive " people of faith " from public life .
Such soundbite - ism seems to be the only narrative framework from which most of our national leaders operate , even as they make the customary paeans to religious liberty and the genius of the Founding Fathers , and other such disengaged platitudes .
Christian revisionist - influenced political breezes are even blowing in the Democratic Party .
Prominent campaign consultants are advising their clients not to use the phrase separation of church and state because it raises " red flags with people of faith " and because the phrase does not appear in the Constitution .
This is an excellent example of how successful Christian revisionists have been in their efforts to delegitimize the term as part of their efforts to shape and control public discourse in their direction .
This is also symptomatic of the way that our political leaders are so far away from being able to articulate a compelling narrative of the story of religious liberty in America , that some are conceding the ground and listening to campaign consultants who say that it is better to say nothing .
Finding Our Place in History A running refrain in the revisionist narrative is that somehow the original intention of God and the Founding Fathers has been thwarted by some combination of liberals , judicial tyrants , the ACLU , secular humanists , and more .
This notion , which seems silly to some , is tremendously powerful in the context of the conservative Christian subculture .
It asserts that " the Christians , " ( however one may define Christians ) , are the intended rulers of the nation , because that 's what God , the Founding Fathers , and by implication , the Constitution , sought to accomplish .
It is a powerful piece of political and religious mythology that feeds into another powerful myth - that Christians are persecuted in the United States by the very forces that have thwarted God 's plan for America .
The effect is to make people feel that something has been unjustly , unrighteously taken from them - and that that something must be " restored " or " reclaimed . "
The Christian Right 's Jamestown event captured this sentiment .
But for all of the Christian revisionism that has gone into crafting this narrative , and as popular a notion as it is , there is a problem : the facts of history do not support the myth of Christian nationalism .
That is why history has to be revised in the first place .
This is one of many aspects of the Christian Right that has been largely ignored and has gone largely unanswered by the rest of society during its march to power .
Thomas Jefferson himself summarized the history of religious persecution in his own state in his 1781 book Notes on the State of Virginia .
It is worth quoting at length :
The first settlers in this country were emigrants from England , of the English church , just at a point of time when it was flushed with complete victory over the religious of all other persuasions .
Possessed , as they became , of the powers of making , administering , and executing the laws , they shewed equal intolerance in this country with their Presbyterian brethren ...
The poor Quakers were flying from persecution in England .
They cast their eyes on these new countries as asylums of civil and religious freedom ; but they found them free only for the reigning sect .
Several acts of the Virginia assembly of 1659 , 1662 , and 1693 , had made it penal in parents to refuse to have their children baptized ; had prohibited the unlawful assembling of Quakers ; had made it penal for any master of a vessel to bring a Quaker into the state ; had ordered those already here , and such as should come thereafter , to be imprisoned till they should abjure the country ; provided a milder punishment for their first and second return , but death for their third ; had inhibited all persons from suffering their meetings in or near their houses , entertaining them individually , or disposing of books which supported their tenets .
If no capital execution took place here , as did in New - England , it was not owing to the moderation of the church , or spirit of the legislature , as may be inferred from the law itself ; but to historical circumstances which have not been handed down to us .
The Anglicans retained full possession of the country for about a century .
Other opinions began then to creep in , and ... two - thirds of the people had become dissenters at the commencement of the present revolution .
The laws indeed were still oppressive on them , but the spirit of the one party had subsided into moderation , and of the other had risen to a degree of determination which commanded respect .
4 Jefferson , in a few sentences , summarizes the history of oppression and control exercised by the Anglican Church - the outlawing of Quakers fleeing persecution in Europe , the punishment of religious dissidents , the banning of books .
He also briefly underscores the role of religious dissent in the run up to the American Revolution .
It was this disentanglement of church and state in the name of the rights of individual conscience that the doctrine of separation of church and state sought to resolve , in Virginia , and in the new nation .
Prior to the drafting of the U.S. Constitution in 1787 , nine of the 13 colonies had established churches .
Rhode Island and Pennsylvania had been founded explicitly on the idea of religious freedom which they defined as the right to individual conscience .
Baptists called it " soul freedom . "
A Marvelous Alliance
It is out of such material that we can tell the story of our nation with a strong , clear narrative of our own : one that discusses the role of religion in public life ; one that tells the moving story of overcoming religious persecution and oppression ; one that explains why there is no mention of God in the Constitution ; one that appreciates the meaning of separation of church and state as a necessary prerequisite for religious freedom .
In order for us to be effective in doing this , we need to be able to speak with the person - to - person persuasiveness that comes from solid knowledge and authentic conviction necessary to build the political coalitions we need to meet the challenges of our time .
With this understanding of history , we can craft a national ethos of respect for different views and religious pluralism .
If we can do this , we will have a powerful story to tell - a story that challenges the bogus , revisionist narrative of Christian nationalism .
The development of our own story , rooted in the values of the framers of the Constitution , will illuminate the roots of religious freedom and the right of individual conscience in the United States .
There are any number of facts showing the country was not founded as a " Christian nation " that we can offer in the debates to come .
For starters : the Treaty of Tripoli , negotiated with Muslim states in the first decade of the United States , was ratified unanimously by the Senate and signed by President John Adams in 1797 .
It stated in part , " As the Government of the United States of America is not , in any sense , founded on the Christian religion . "
The treaty is important because it clearly reflects the view of the founding generation .
But the strongest part of the story will always be the Constitution .
It does not mention God or religion , except for Article 6 which prohibits religious tests for public office .
Article 6 meant that any free , propertied man , religious or nonreligious , Christian or non-Christian , could vote and hold public office .
If the framers , who were mostly Christians of various sorts , had wanted to declare a special place for Christianity in governance and society , they would have done so .
But they did n't .
The Christian nationalists have to engage in some rather spectacular evasions to get around this inescapable fact .
The reasons for the founders ' decision - and this is important to be able to explain - is that they were operating on the broad principle of the rights of individual conscience .
Mainstream historians note that early opposition to the ratification of the Constitution came from those who , like Jefferson , felt that the Constitution was insufficiently strong and clear on these matters .
So in exchange for Jefferson and his allies ' support for ratification , the convention penned the First Amendment of the Bill of Rights , which says : Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the government for a redress of grievances .
It took time to extend these rights fully to the states , and to make them real in the lives of all citizens .
As a nation we are still working on it .
But it was this founding right to believe as you will , to believe differently than the powers that be - and to change your mind - free from the interference of the state or unduly powerful religious institutions , that was the main original contribution of the framers of the Constitution and is a central part of the story of the nation .
And even as many will note that the Constitution perpetuated various forms of oppression - of women , slaves , and people who did not own property - this founding principle contained the powerful possibility for change .
The right to believe differently ( having disentangled mutually reinforcing institutions of oppression via the unity of church and state ) made possible every advance in human and civil rights that has come since .
Here is where a marvelous fact emerges that should illuminate any narrative .
The right of individual conscience and the ultimate ratification of the Constitution by the thirteen states was won because of the alliance between orthodox evangelical Christians of the day , notably Baptists and Methodists , and those influenced by the ideas of the Enlightenment , like Jefferson and Madison .
For these strange bedfellows , the issue was not whether Christianity or religion was good or bad , although certainly many differed on the point .
The issue was that individuals should have the right to believe as they will without interference from powerful religious institutions or the government .
It is true that a major reason people opposed ratification of the Constitution was the absence of any mention of Christianity in general and the banning of religious tests for public office in particular .
But Baptists were notably active and eloquent in their support for religious freedom .
Cornell historians Isaac Kramnick and Lawrence Moore report that during the ratification convention in Massachusetts , ... a distinguished Baptist minister , the Rev. Isaac Backus , supported the absence of a religious test .
" Nothing is more evident , " he commented , " both in reason and The Holy Scriptures , than that religion is ever a matter between God and individuals ; and therefore , no men can impose any religious test without invading the essential prerogatives of our Lord Jesus Christ ....
And let the history of all nations be searched ... and it will appear that the imposing of religious tests had been the greatest engine of tyranny in the world . "
But Article 6 opposing religious tests for office was equally important to deists and atheists .
The pseudononymous writer Elihu , report Kramnick and Moore , defended the proposed Constitution in an essay printed in Connecticut and Massachusetts newspapers .
" ' The Constitution is a rational document for a wise people in an enlightened age .
The time has passed , ' he said , ' when nations could be kept in awe with stories of God sitting with legislators and dictating laws ... [ and the framers ] come to us in the plain language of common sense , and propose to our understanding a system of government , as the invention of mere human wisdom ; no deity comes down to dictate it ... " 5 Religious dissenters and non-religious people wanted the same thing , for different but overlapping reasons .
Similar marvelous alliances are necessary today to answer some of the challenges of our time .
As we look back at history - real history - it is evident that so many of today 's orthodox evangelical Christians and so many secular activists would have been great allies at the time of the framing and ratification of the Constitution .
They would have known and agreed that to avoid the ravages of religious persecution , and even warfare , we need a nation based on the right of individual conscience ; where our religious beliefs have no bearing on our citizenship or our right to hold public office .
And we need a clear separation of church and state so as to make the state the guarantor of our rights , rather than an agency compromised and corrupted by official entanglements with religious institutions , jockeying for power and influence .
One of the ways we can achieve this is to recognize the power of the narrative of the once and future Christian nation , and what it means to the Christian Right political movement .
Once we do that , we can more systematically expose the bogus underpinnings of Christian historical revisionism and recover the relevant facts of our history .
Then we can tell our story powerfully , accurately , and well .
Frederick Clarkson is the author of Eternal Hostility : The Struggle Between Theocracy and Democracy , and founder of Talk2Action.org , the group blog about the Christian Right .
He is a member of The Public Eye editorial board .
End Notes
1 Clarkson , Frederick .
Eternal Hostility : The Struggle Between Theocracy and Democracy ( Common Courage Press , 1997 ) , 83 - 86 .
See also ; Jeff Sharlet , " Through A Glass Darkly : How the Christian Right is Reimagining U.S. History , " Harper 's , December 2006 .
2Conn , Joe. " Carry Them Back To Old Virginny : Historically Illiterate Religious Right Celebrates Founding Of Jamestown Colony , Wall of Separation , " Americans United For the Separation of Church and State , October 30 , 2006 .
3 Walker , J. Brent .
A Critique of David Barton 's Views on Church and State , Joint Baptist Committee for Religious Liberty , April 2005 .
4 Jefferson , Thomas .
Notes on the State of Virginia , 1781 , Electronic Text Center , University of Virginia Library .
http://etext.virginia.edu/toc/modeng/public/JefVirg.html
5 Kramnick , Issac , and R. Lawrence Moore , The Godless Constitution : A Moral Defense of the Secular State ( W.W. Norton , 1996 ) pp. 39 - 40 .
Clarkson , Frederick .( Common Courage Press , 1997 ) , 83 - 86 .
See also ; Jeff Sharlet , " Through A Glass Darkly : How the Christian Right is Reimagining U.S. History , " , December 2006 .
Conn , Joe. " Carry Them Back To Old Virginny : Historically Illiterate Religious Right Celebrates Founding Of Jamestown Colony , Wall of Separation , " Americans United For the Separation of Church and State , October 30 , 2006 .
http://blog.au.org/2006/10/carry_them_back.html
Walker , J. Brent. , Joint Baptist Committee for Religious Liberty , April 2005 .
http://www.bjcpa.org/resources/pubs/pub_walker_barton.htm
Jefferson , Thomas. , Electronic Text Center , University of Virginia Library .
Kramnick , Issac , and R. Lawrence Moore , ( W.W. Norton , 1996 ) pp. 39 - 40 .
Therefore , whatever other influences are involved in the production of PT911 , the role of YWAM has to be considered as an important contributor .
It 's all too easy for those left of center to refer to the " religious right " as a sort of short - hand , but this is often politically foolish when we are dealing with specific groups or individuals whose beliefs and practices are strikingly at odds with what the majority of Christians believe -- or sometimes even with what the majority of rightwing Christians believe .
For example , journalist Robert Parry , who broke the Iran - Contra scandal while working for AP in 1986 , has written extensively about the Reverand Sun Yung Moon , in a series , ' Dark Side of Rev. Moon ' .
The summary of one of Parry 's story 's " Buying the Right " , reads :
Rev. Sun Myung Moon calls America " Satan 's harvest " and vows to subjugate its people under a Korea - based theocracy .
Normally , this anti-Americanism would not sit well .
But Moon has spread around billions of dollars from mysterious sources to Washington conservatives .
The money has helped key allies , such as Jerry Falwell and Oliver North .
It 's the real Asian money scandal -- and the Washington media is missing it .
( 8/11/97 )
Better than Jesus ?
Falwell also might have been shy about disclosing his alliance with Moon because the Korean 's theology upsets many Christians .
Moon asserts that Satan corrupted mankind by sexually seducing Eve in the Garden of Eden and that only through sexual purification can mankind be saved .
In line with that doctrine , Moon says Jesus failed in his mission to save mankind because he did not procreate .
Moon sees himself as a second messiah who will not make the same mistake .
He has engaged in sex with a variety of women over the decades .
The total number of his offspring is a point of debate inside the Unification Church .
Moon 's rhetoric has turned stridently anti-American , another problem for the Religious Right and its strongly patriotic positions .
On May 1 , 1997 , Moon told a group of followers that " the country that represents Satan 's harvest is America . "
[ Unification News , June 1997 ]
In other sermons , he has vowed that his victorious movement will " digest " any American who tries to maintain his or her individuality .
He especially has criticized American women who must " negate yourself 100 percent " to be a receptacle for the male seed .
[ For details of Moon 's speeches , see The Consortium , July 28 , 1997 ]
A brief segment of this story reads as follows : Clearly , when we are dealing with a figure like Moon , it is a mistake to use the label " religious right , " as it helps to paper over the fact that his actual teachings are deeply anathema to vast majority of followers of the religious right -- even if their mamon - crazed leaders feel differently .
And so we turn to look at YWAM with the lesson of Moon in mind .
I do not wish to equate the two .
YWAM is nowhere near the blatantly anti-Christian ideology of Moon and his Unification Church .
But neither is it a perfectly normal missionary organization , like the missionary outreach of any long - standing denomination .
Founded in 1960 by Loren Cunningham , it claims a staff of thousands in over a hundred countries .
Two types of charges against it are significant for our consideration : its theology and its cult - like aspects .
Both are potentially significant in terms of potential influence on the nature of PT911 .
Evidence of YWAM's Questionable Theology
In " The False God & Gospel of Moral Government Theology " , E. Calvin Beisner , an author and theologian with Christian Research Institute , and himself a solid member of the religious right , describes Moral Government Theology and its association with YWAM -- an association the YWAM denies .
In the summary , Beisener says :
Moral government theology ( MGT ) , rooted in the philosophical definition of freedom as the " power of contrary choice , " denies the fundamental Christian doctrines of God 's perfection in knowledge , goodness , and power ; original sin ; human moral inability ; the substitutionary satisfaction of God 's justice in Christ 's atoning death ; redemption ; and justification by the crediting of Christ 's righteousness to believers by grace through faith apart from works .
As documented in this article , these denials are unbiblical and are so serious as to warrant classifying MGT as non-Christian .
Contemporary moral government theology is principally the brainchild of the late Gordon C. Olson .
During the 1930s and 1940s , Olson 's studies led him to believe that God 's foreknowledge is necessarily limited by human free will and that the classical doctrines of original sin , human depravity and moral inability , the Atonement , and justification were as wrong as the classical doctrine of absolute foreknowledge .
During the 1960s and 1970s , Olson and an engineering associate of his named Harry Conn began to teach moral government theology for various mission organizations , often in recruiting , motivating , or training young people .
Moral government theology ( hereafter MGT ) first began to spread rapidly when Olson and Conn became regular speakers for Youth With A Mission ( YWAM ) , which has since become one of the larger youth missionary organizations in the world .
Contrary to YWAM 's repeated denials that MGT was an important part of its teaching , it was in YWAM training that tens of thousands of students from the late 1970s through the 1980s , and some even into the 1990s , learned MGT ( although today some YWAM leaders speak against MGT ) .
In the body of the article he explains : Clearly , it is not alleged that YWAM still teaches this theory .
However , the fact that they once did ( even though they now deny it ) is evidence that we should not casually lump them in with the rest of the religious right .
Some on the religious right clearly accept them , but some obviously do not .
So why help them by lumping them all together ?
It 's best to describe them as they are -- which is , at least , as a controversial organization , as we shall see more fully in the next section .
Evidence of YWAM's Cult - Like Features
Any discussion of churches and cults is bedeviled by the difficulties of subjective judgment , since there is real truth in the claim that " one man 's cult is another man 's religion . "
Yet , some examples of religious cults are so clear that no one ( except their members , of course ! ) can deny what they are .
YWAM is clearly not one of those .
But it does have a record of clearly cult - like activities , and has been investigated as such on several occasions .
The most comprehensive set of writings on it I 've been able to find online comes from the Rick A. Ross Institute of New Jersey ( RRI ) , which describes its mission thus :
RRI 's mission is to study destructive cults , controversial groups and movements and to provide a broad range of information and services easily accessible to the public for assistance and educational purposes .
During the month of September 1990 , I was contacted and subsequently retained by a family in Long Island New York .
Their concerns centered upon their adult single daughter 's involvement with the organization known as Youth With A Mission ( YWAM ) .
She planned to enter a Discipleship Training School ( at a cost of $ 1700.00 ) operated by YWAM in late September located in Elizabeth , New Jersey .
After completing the training program she might then be selected as a staff member ( full time missionary ) at the salary of $ 7.00 per week .
The young woman could be placed within the third world .
Once placed she would be totally dependent upon YWAM for financial support , food , medical attention and security .
She had liquidated all her assets .
The family accepted fully their daughter 's religious commitment , but felt that they should investigate YWAM .
My work on their behalf consisted of gathering information .
There is an evident pattern to all the complaints about Youth With A Mission .
If these statements are accurate , ( which they seem to be ) YWAM practices the so - called " sheperding " leadership method .
Implementing direct control over their members through " discipleship " training .
This training appears to employ recognized techniques of thought reform and mind control as listed by Robert J. Lifton in his " eight criteria " ( see The Future of Immorality and Other Essays for a Nuclear Age , New York , Basics Books , 1987 ) .
This can be seen clearly through a comparison of those eight criteria to the practices employed at YWAM DTS facilities .
* " Milieu control ; essentially the control of communication within an environment . "
This appears to be accomplished at the DTS through the school 's relative isolation from the outside world .
Also , through rules concerning dating , television , discussion alone with other new members and communication with family .
Another example of " milieu control " would be " group leader 's " influence during " intercession " .
Lifton seems to be describing YWAM DTS when he states that " there is often a sequence of events , such as seminars , lectures and group encounters , which become increasingly intense ... " * " Mystical manipulation ; a systematic process that is planned and managed from above ( by the leadership ) but appears to have arisen spontaneously within the environment . "
This process seems to occur through " intercession " when one receives a " confirmation " through Bible verses ( step 8 ) or when " God ... brings things to your mind " ( step 9 ) .
Also , when " group leaders " receive a " word from the Lord " .
The profound influence exercised by leadership during " intercession " probably promulgates these seemingly spontaneous spiritual experiences .
* " The demand for purity ; radical separation of pure and impure , of good and evil , within an environment and within oneself . "
This can be seen through several steps within " intercession " ( steps 1,3,4 ) .
A YWAM lecturer " reasoned that there are three kinds of thought : yours , Satan 's and God's " .
There is no gray area .
Everything is black and white .
As Lifton relates the group has a " Manichean quality " .
* " The cult of confession ; a confession process that has its own structure ... accompanied by patterns of criticism and self - criticism , generally transpiring within small groups . "
Confession seems to be the most prevalent feature of " intercession " .
DTS students said " confession emotionally exhausted us " .
Students who had nothing to confess were told they were " guilty for not confessing anything " .
* " Sacred science ; a sacred set of dogmatic principles with a claim to a science embodying the truth about human behavior and human psychology . "
Again , the process of " intercession " seems to be the " sacred science " of YWAM .
This technique within the overall structure of " discipleship " can be " the truth " for every person involved .
It can be seen as the science by which every student can become " clean : and reach God ( steps 1,2,3 ) .
* " Loading of the language ; literalization of language - words or images becoming God .
A simple slogan to which the most complex and otherwise difficult questions can be reduced .
The language of non-thought . "
Phrases such as " openness and brokeness , causing disunity , being rebellious , give up your rights , with the appointing comes the anointing and do n't say it , pray it are just a few examples of the " thought terminating cliches " reportedly used within YWAM .
These slogans could discourage questions , individuality and critical thinking .
* " Doctrine over person ; one must find the truth of the dogma and subject one 's experiences to that truth ... doubts are reflections of one 's own evil . "
This can be seen in ( step 3 ) " die to your own imagination " .
The students at the DTS are asked to subject their experiences to that of the " group leader " .
The doctrine of " intercession " comes before individual rights .
They were told " give up your rights " and " you get the leader you deserve " .
They must be part of the whole " in God 's Kingdom there is structure " .
* " Dispensing of existence ; those who have not embraced that truth ... are bound up with evil and do not have the right to exist .
There is a being verses nothingness dichotomy . "
Nancy Brown stated that YWAM depicted the " world " as " Satanic " .
" Bind Satan " and " deal aggressively with the enemy ( step 6 ) " .
All thoughts could be labeling dispenses with the individual thought and the outside world as evil .
Ultimately , when one student decided to quit a YWAM DTS , her group leader said , " well , at least God never quits on us " .
Somehow she had rejected God by leaving YWAM .
One very disturbing feature of YWAM is its seeming inability to engage in open dialogue .
Mr. Savoca [ the WYAM higher - up Ross interacted with ] never really responded to any concerns .
He was evasive and finally fled rather than answer specific questions .
This would lead to the conclusion that YWAM has little if any intention of changing .
RRIs main page on YWAM contains links to its own comprehensive report , as well as testimonies by two former members , a family - member of a YWAM member , an overseas missionary with extensive experience of YWAM , a critical news story from New Zealand , and a positive one from Florida .
The comprehensive report -- by Ross himself -- begins with a brief description of WYAM , then continues :
The report combines a description of the specifics of the case , including interactions with a high - ranking YWAM official , as well as a digest of material Ross uncovered in his background research .
The picture that emerges is definitely disturbing , but deserves to be read in full .
However , toward the end of the report , Ross offers an analytical perspective that is worth reproducing in full :
Now , keep in mind , Cunningham is not just a product of this environment , and a promoter of it .
He is the son of the founder of it .
Everything about this description seems to mitigatethe ability to make a fair - minded film .
Indeed , the veryof a fair - minded film would appear to be anathema to such a mindset .
With this list before us , there should be little doubt about how Monica Lewinski came to be such a central figure in 9/11 - -" The demand for purity " says it all .
But more than sexual purity is involved here .
" There is no gray area .
Everything is black and white . "
This is how Bush thinks , and so it is no wonder that his failings are excused .
Note -- I 'm not saying this is the reason for why the film is as it is .
There are surely many contributing factors .
But I am saying it's a powerful reason why it is n't as it should be .
Similarly , the principle of " Doctrine over person " helps explain why the facts and intelligence were fixed around the policy that Clinton , not Bush , was to blame for 9/11 , since Bush was pure and Clinton was not .
" one must find the truth of the dogma and subject one 's experiences to that truth . "
Finally , regarding " Loading of the language " intended to " discourage questions , individuality and critical thinking . "
Loaded language is hardly limited to mind - control cults .
They are , however , extremely sensitive to its potential .
With that in mind , consider how Cunningham responded recently :
According to Cunningham , critics are simply taking scenes out of context or relying on a competing set of experts .
Here 's what Cunningham told The Crimson White , a University of Alabama newspaper : " A lot of these critics have n't seen the whole thing or , in some cases , any of it , " Cunningham said .
" We have these CNN pundits who have n't seen it who are taking scenes out of context as examples [ of factual inaccuracies in the film ] . "
Cunningham also pointed out that the critics , many of whom are Democrats , are just telling their side of the story .
" We have out [ sic ] CIA consultants and Clinton has his .
It 's kind of a `he said , she said ' situation right now , " Cunningham said .
At one level , this is simply typical rightwing spin .
But at another level it is rather adroit use of language to " discourage questions , individuality and critical thinking " that is almost certainly second nature to Cunningham , given his upbringing and who he is .
The emblematic phrases he uses are n't even rationally related to the charges .
There is no way that a false , defamatory scene can be altered by context .
Nor does it involve conflicting experts to note how a film script clashes with its purported source material .
A sixth grade reading level will more than suffice for that .
This is the use of language as talisman , to magically stop the process of critical thinking .
Keep in mind , this is only a brief , initial peek behind the curtain at the sort of organizational world in which Cunningham was born and raised .
There is bound to be much , much more for us to learn about YWAM and how it influenced the making of PT911 .
