The global recession and financial crisis have refocused attention on government stimulus packages .
These packages typically emphasize spending , predicated on the view that the expenditure " multipliers " are greater than one — so that gross domestic product expands by more than government spending itself .
Stimulus packages typically also feature tax reductions , designed partly to boost consumer demand ( by raising disposable income ) and partly to stimulate work effort , production and investment ( by lowering rates ) .
The ...
U.S. NAVY TO CONDUCT MASSIVE ATMOSPHERIC EXPERIMENTAL TESTS
By Rosalind Peterson
September 9 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
Starting as early as today , September 15 , 2009
An article in Space.com ( 1 ) titled , “ NASA Rocket to Create Clouds Tuesday ” by Clara Moskowits , Staff Writer – September 14 , 2009 , was unexpectedly forwarded to me today .
According to the article : “ … A rocket experiment set to launch Tuesday aims to create artificial clouds at the outermost layers of Earth 's atmosphere .
The project , called the Charged Aerosol Release Experiment ( CARE ) … " This is really essentially at the boundary of space , " said Wayne Scales , a scientist at Virginia Tech who will …study the physics of the artificial dust cloud as it's released … CARE is slated to launch Tuesday between 7:30 and 7:57 p.m. EDT ( 2330 and 2357 GMT ) from NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia… . ”
“ …CARE will release its ( aluminum oxide ) ( 2 ) , dust particles a bit higher than that , then let them settle back down to a lower altitude .
” What the CARE experiment hopes to do is to create an artificial dust layer , ” Professor Scales told SPACE.com . " Hopefully it 's a creation in a controlled sense , which will allow scientists to study different aspects of it , the turbulence generated on the inside , the distribution of dust particles and such . "
CARE is a project of the Naval Research Laboratory and the Department of Defense Space Test Program .
The spacecraft will launch aboard a NASA four - stage Black Brant XII suborbital sounding rocket …
Researchers will track the CARE dust cloud for days or even months to study its behavior and development over time …
If CARE cannot launch Tuesday , the team can try again between Sept. 16 and Sept. 20 , 2009 … ”
The U.S. Navy , NASA , and the U.S. Defense Department have made a decision to conduct one or more an atmospheric tests , in order to create an aluminum oxide dust cloud without the permission and for the most part , the knowledge of the citizens of the United States .
These aluminum oxide particles will eventually return to earth polluting our air , water and soils .
The tests may damage the various atmospheric boundaries that protect life on earth – no one has any idea what damage this dust cloud and the testing on this dust cloud may do to our climate , agriculture , human health or the amount of infrared and UV radiation reaching the Earth .
It is time to contact elected officials today and protest this action which may begin as early as today , September 14 , 2009 .
The Navy is already conducting warfare testing in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and the Gulf of Mexico and has more ranges in the planning and permit stages .
Senator Dianne Feinstein and Senator Barbara Boxer noted in a June 19 , 2009 .
Letter to Dr. Jane Lubchenco , NOAA , U.S. Department of Commerce :
“ … the Navy plans to increase the number of its exercises or expand the areas in which they may occur , and virtually every coastal state will be affected .
Some exercises may occur in the nation ’s most biologically sensitive marine habitats , including National Marine Sanctuaries and breeding habitats … ”
This involves the decimation of more than 11.7 million marine mammals over five years and will increase with each new warfare testing range expansion .
TESTING IN THE PACIFIC , ATLANTIC , GULF OF MEXICO , HAWAII & ALASKA
TESTING INCLUDES , BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO :
* Gunnery Exercises * Bombing Missions * Missile & Torpedo Firing * Underwater Detonations * Research & Testing * Vessel Sinking *
Use of hundreds of toxic chemicals , like lead , mercury , tungsten , aluminum coated fiberglass ( chaff ) , Airborne Obscurants like Red & White Phosphorus , fog oils , rocket and jet fuel emissions * Undersea Warfare Training Range Exercises ( USWTR ) * Mid and High Frequency Sonar Experiments * Both land and ocean exercises will use planes , drones , rockets and sonic booms *
Other classified warfare testing experiments will be conducted in these areas .
Now the U.S. Navy has decided that these experiments are not enough and have added atmospheric testing to their test list .
Once again the public has been cut out of the debate , given little or no warning , and there are no Congressional hearings planned for any of these warfare and atmospheric tests .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
It is now time that we , the people , stand up and stop these tests .
The Navy and the Department of Defense have to understand that they are not allowed to go to war on us and our oceans for any reason .
It is time to make our elected officials aware that we are going to stand against these policies .
Take action today – contact your elected officials and stop these new atmospheric tests and demand Congressional Hearings .
For more information :
Website :
1 - U.S. Navy & NASA Dust Cloud Experiments May Begin on Tuesday , September 15 , 2009 Live Science.com September 14 , 2009 Article By Clara Moskowitz , Staff Writer
2 - Space.com Strange Clouds Spotted at the Edge of Space by Jeremy Hsu , Staff Writer September 1 , 2009
3 - Space Station Crew Photographs Mysterious Clouds that Shine at Night by Tony Phillips Scinece .NASA.gov
February 19 , 2003
4 - An Update on the Charged Aerosol Release Experiment ( CARE ) Paul A. Bernhardt - Paul.Bernhardt@nrl.navy.mil
“ … Plasma Physics Division , Naval Research Laboratory , Washington , DC 20375 Abstract .
The radar scatter from artificial dusty plasma is space will be studied using at chemical release during the Charged Aerosol Release Experiment ( CARE ) in August or September 2009 .
CARE will be launch from Wallops Island , Virginia on a trajectory that takes the care release module to an apogee of 360 km altitude for a release on the downleg at 280 km altitude .
110 kg of aluminum oxide particulates will be injected from a 2 - meter long canister with the exit port pointed to the nadir .
A 60 degree ½ angle cone of dust will be injected with a velocity of between 2 and 3 km /s .
The dust will become charged in the ionosphere to form negatively charged dust particles .
The streaming dust will provide a source for turbulence due to charge separation electric fields and to two - stream instabilities .
Ground radars operating at HF , VHF and UHF frequencies will probe the release region looking for enhanced backscatter .
The HF radar be digital ionosondes be located near the launch site .
The VHF radar will be located on Bermuda looking perpendicular to the magnetic field lines .
The UHF radar will be located at Millstone Hill in Massachusetts .
At late times , the particles will for an artificial dust cloud that will settle to about 100 km altitude .
The measurements during this later phase will provide data on the transport of charged dust by lower - thermospheric winds … ”
5 - Gelatinous Gelation in Aerosols ; Non-Mean - Field Aggregation and Kinetics C.M. Sorensen and A. Chakrabarti Kansas State University , Manhattan , Kansas NASA Report 2008 Study [ Link ] [ Link ] [ Link ]
6 - Virginia Tech – Wayne Scales Charged Aerosol Particle Experiments September 14 , 2009 Search
7 - MASS Spectrometry Talk
8 - Professor Scales – Charged Aerosol Particle Experiments – H.A.A.R.P .
9 - Could the H.A.A.R.P. Project in Alaska , NOAA , DOE , NASA , Air Force , Department of Defense , etc. , be the reason for climate changes that have been escalating since the late 1980s , when the funds and technology allowed for the escalation of atmospheric heating and testing programs like NASA ’s TMA Night Cloud tests using trimethylaluminum or the advanced testing of military weapons systems like star wars ?
NASA ’s Night Clouds Atmospheric Testing Program :
10 - The NASA / U.S. Air Force CRESS 1990 Press Kit outlines an atmospheric NASA testing program ( linked to H.A.A.R.P. and the U.S. Air Force , that could produce the Vibrant Spectrums ( auroras ) , referenced above , as shown in my poster pictures .
In this program canisters are loaded with chemicals and superheated at different atmospheric levels .
These canisters contain the following chemicals that could be polluting our air and are showing up with unusual spikes in drinking water supplies in across California ( California State Department of Health , Drinking Water Division Water Test Results - Public Records , Sacramento , California ) :
Aluminum , Barium , Strontium , Lithium , Calcium , SF6 - Sulfur hexafluoride
11 - Note that SF6 is a very potent , toxic gas .
It has the energy - trapping potential of 25,000 times that of Carbon Dioxide .
The EPA has taken action to restrict release of this dangerous greenhouse gas and yet it is being used in atmospheric testing programs .
12 - Barium Releases March 22 , 1976
13 - Lithium Red Sky April 16 , 1979 – Alaska Science Forum :
14 - Alaska's Space Pyrotechnics – Alaska Science Forum – Barium February 18 , 1985
To save this word , you 'll need to log in .
Log In
Definition of bitchin ' 1 slang : remarkably bad : detestable of all the bitchin ' luck remarkably bad 2 slang : remarkably good or cool a bitchin ' car
First Known
Use of bitchin ' 1957 , in the meaning defined at sense 1
History and Etymology for bitchin ' probably short for sonofabitching , from son of a bitch + - ing entry 3
Keep scrolling for more
Keep scrolling for more
More from Merriam - Webster on bitchin '
Thesaurus :
All synonyms and antonyms for bitchin '
Now that Batman : Arkham Asylum is here , many of us have been tempted to pick up the Collector 's Edition for the PS3 .
It makes sense : aside from getting the Joker challenge maps ( exclusive to the PS3 build ) , and exclusive challenge maps to the collector 's edition there 's also the behind - the - scenes DVD , art book , and , of course , a full - sized batarang .
For me , the idea of a 14 - inch batarang sitting on top of my bookshelf as a conversation piece was too much , so I ambled down to GameStop between classes this afternoon and picked up the ridiculously oversized box of comic fan goodness .
When I opened up the box , I found — much to my dismay — that the batarang was actually made from cheap black plastic that was scratched to hell .
Originally , I thought I 'd gotten box with a defective unit , but five minutes with Google revealed that every Collector 's Edition had scratched - up batarangs .
It turns out that Eidos designed the batarangs to look " used " , something which sounds fine based on the promotional images Eidos used .
The photo from Eidos makes the batarang look like it 's constructed of metal and is has a relatively smooth texture .
This is clearly far from the truth .
The real deal is far less impressive .
The included batarang is made from shiny black plastic ; meanwhile , long scratches cover the entire thing , with particular wear on the edges , revealing white plastic underneath .
The kicker , of course , is that an unwary consumer who bought the Collector 's Edition for this particular souvenir and is dissatisfied with it can't return the game to retailers like GameStop .
When I tried , I was told ( even though there 's no plastic wrap to cut through , only some plastic folds to unhook ) that because the package had been opened , they would n't take it back .
While we did n't really expect to get a real batarang of sharpened metal , I 'm pretty sure that none of us thought we 'd receive a cheap statue that looked like it had been dragged across a cement floor .
The Collector 's Edition certainly has a haul of fun stuff , but it 's a shame to see that its primary selling point is so underwhelming .
Ben 's thoughts
I know many of you knew about the plastic construction of the batarang already , but I 'm seeing enough stories like this in the forums that I thought we 'd spread the news .
Heck , if Mike did n't know the batarang was going to be both plastic and beaten up , I 'm sure it will be news to some other people .
It ’s happened .
The Israeli Embassy has called on J Street to pull in its horns , that it ’s acting against the interests of the Jewish state .
From the Jerusalem Post :
[ J Street ] invited Ambassador Michael Oren to speak at its first annual conference in late October .
Despite early indications the embassy was looking to engage the group , Oren has yet to meet with executive director Jeremy Ben - Ami or agree to participate in the conference .
Instead , the embassy has " communicated to J Street its views on the peace process and on the best way to ensure Israel ’s security , " according to embassy spokesman Yoni Peled .
The message , Peled said , is that " while recognizing the need for a free and open debate on these issues , it is important to stress concern over certain policies that could impair Israel ’s interests . "
This is a signal to the American Jewish community that it must maintain the orthodox monolith of Jewish support for Israel , no matter its racist and militarist policies .
The J Street conference is going to be a tremendous event , with or without Oren and the redoubtable Eli Lake .
Then there ’s this attack :
[ F] ormer Commentary magazine editor Gabriel Schoenfeld , lambasted J Street on Thursday for not repudiating the backing of Stephen Walt , whose book The Israel Lobby and Foreign Policy Schoenfeld described as using anti-Semitic tropes .
" For a Jewish organization to make common cause with anti-Semitic voices in order to tear down others to establish its place at the table is nothing less than shameful , " Schoenfeld said , pointing to a link on the J Street Web site to one of Walt ’s articles mentioning J Street , on the group ’s news citations page .
He also referred to Walt ’s recent praise for J Street in a Washington Post story .
Schoenfeld was speaking on a panel on divisions within American Jewry organized by the Hudson Institute .
[ to which no one on the Jewish non-Zionist left was invited ] .
Says Jeffrey Blankfort :
While Bollywood have their item numbers , Hollywood is all about the striptease .
And some of them are piping hot !
We bring you the most memorable teasers starting with the sexiest of them all — Jamie Lee Curtis ‘ uncomfortable though undeniably sexy striptease in 1994 ’s True Lies .
Kim Basinger ‘s first starring role in the 1986 erotic drama opposite Mickey Rourke featured a lot of nudity , although many of the erotic scenes featured a body double .
And then , there was her iconic striptease performed to Joe Cocker ’s song You Can Leave Your Hat On .
When a luscious Salma gyrated atop a table with a snake wrapped around her , many of us were left gasping for breath .
Talk about exotic .
The film may not be much to talk about , but Demi‘s amazing performance is unforgettable .
Throwing herself wholeheartedly in the film , Demi even researched for her role .
Alba ‘s hot bod has men lusting over her and women wanting to be her .
Throw in a rope and gun , and what have you ?
One of the sexiest striptease acts of all time !
The slender actress , wearing a pink wig , performed one of the most mysterious and sensual striptease ever in front of Clive Owen .
Under all that blue skin as ‘ Mystique ’ , her character in the action movie X - Men , Romijn is one femme fatale indeed .
What happens when a former porn star moves in next door ?
Well , you fall over yourself to get into her good books .
This romantic comedy has its moments but the best is Elisha doing her thing .
This obscure 1994 drama is memorable only for Mia ‘s exotic dance in a nightclub
Okay , so the film is bad and deserved all the eight of the nine Razzie nominations last year .
But there is no denying that Lohan ‘s pole dance is probably the best thing about the movie .
Data security is important and often undervalued by designers , developers , and clients alike .
Since PHP 5.2.0 , data sanitization and validation has been made significantly easier with the introduction of data filtering .
Today , we 're going to take a closer look at these filters , how to use them , and build a few custom functions .
Tutorial Details
Program : PHP
: PHP Version : 5.2.0 +
: 5.2.0 + Difficulty : Beginner
Beginner Estimated Completion Time : 20 minutes
Introduction
I have always felt that it 's easy to write code in PHP , and even easier to write bad code in PHP .
The proliferation of PHP on the web has really been helped out by its use in popular open - source software packages like WordPress , Drupal , and Magento as well as major web applications like Facebook ; with PHP being used in so many varied instances ( dynamic websites , in - depth web applications , blogging platforms , content management systems , and e-commerce being only a subset of the many applications of PHP ) the opportunities for dirty data and insecure systems are numerous .
This tutorial will explain some methods of Getting Clean With PHP : Data Sanitization and Validation by focusing on several different forms of data inputs and how to use PHP filters and custom functions .
Why Sanitize and Validate ?
In this tutorial , we are really focused on data inputs that users or external sources may provide .
This means that we do not control the data we are receiving .
All we can do is control what is done with it after we receive it .
There are all sorts of threats related to data security from user - inputs and third - party data .
Some un -popular data security threats :
Cross -Site Scripting ( XSS ) :
A form of code injection where a script is injected onto a website from a completely different website .
This is by far the most common security vulnerability online .
Two recent , very prominent examples of this technique are the Stalk Daily and Mikeyy Twitter Worms from earlier this year that used poorly sanitized inputs to launch Javascript via an " infected " Twitter web interface .
: A form of code injection where a script is injected onto a website from a completely different website .
This is by far the most common security vulnerability online .
Two recent , very prominent examples of this technique are the Stalk Daily and Mikeyy Twitter Worms from earlier this year that used poorly sanitized inputs to launch Javascript via an " infected " Twitter web interface .
SQL Injection :
The second most common security vulnerability online , this is another form of code injection in which a script is used to participate in one of numerous exploitative behaviors including ( but not limited to ) exposing and / or gaining unauthorized access to data , altering data inside of a database , or simply injecting code to be rendered or executed within a website thereby breaking or altering the website .
: The second most common security vulnerability online , this is another form of code injection in which a script is used to participate in one of numerous exploitative behaviors including ( but not limited to ) exposing and / or gaining unauthorized access to data , altering data inside of a database , or simply injecting code to be rendered or executed within a website thereby breaking or altering the website .
Cross -Site Request Forgery ( CSRF / XSRF ) :
A less common exploit that relies more on data sources like browser and session cookies than poorly sanitized and validated data inputs , CSRF ( pronounced " sea- surf " ) can be used to execute commands on a website without the user 's permission .
One popular CSRF method is using an improperly formed image data URI or src value to execute a script instead of displaying an image .
: A less common exploit that relies more on data sources like browser and session cookies than poorly sanitized and validated data inputs , CSRF ( pronounced " sea- surf " ) can be used to execute commands on a website without the user 's permission .
One popular CSRF method is using an improperly formed image data URI or src value to execute a script instead of displaying an image .
Improper Data :
Not really a " security vulnerability " per se , improper data can cause hosts of problems for a website owner or database administrator .
Often , improper data can break poorly coded websites or cause automated systems to crash .
An example of this was the ability to alter entire MySpace profile pages by posting using all sorts of HTML / CSS hackery ( Note : this may still work ; I 've not used MySpace in a long time ) .
For our purposes , we are going to only focus on server - side methods of improving data security with PHP , so let 's see how the terms " sanitization " and " validation " are defined with relation to PHP .
According to the PHP manual :
Validation is used to validate or check if the data meets certain qualifications .
For example , passing in FILTER_VALIDATE_EMAIL will determine if the data is a valid email address , but will not change the data itself .
Sanitization will sanitize the data , so it may alter it by removing undesired characters .
For example , passing in FILTER_SANITIZE_EMAIL will remove characters that are inappropriate for an email address to contain .
That said , it does not validate the data .
Essentially , if your website is the nightclub that everybody wants to get into , validation checks the guest list and IDs at the door while sanitization acts as the bouncer that throws out any undesirables that happen to squeak past .
With this in mind , let 's take a look at PHP Filters Extension .
What Filters Do I Have ?
All PHP installations are not created equal .
While PHP 5.2.0 was the introduction of filters , not all installations have the same set of filters in their Filters Extension .
Most installations will have all of the filters we 're going to go over , but to teach you a bit about the Filters Extension , we 're going to find out just what you have on your server .
In the source download , I have included a file called getfilters .
php that , once installed and run on your server , will display all of your filters ( both data filters available through the filter_var function and stream filters available through stream_filter_append ) .
First , we get the array containing the list of all available filters with filter_list , then we loop through the array and echo out the filter name , find out the filter 's assigned ID , and echo this ID as well .
How Do I Use A Filter ?
PHP Filters for validation and sanitization are activated by passing at least two values to the PHP Filters Extension function filter_var .
As an example , let 's use the Sanitize Filter for an Integer number like so :
In the example , we have a variable $ value that is passed through the Filters Extension function filter_var using the FILTER_SANITIZE_NUMBER_INT filter .
This results in the following output :
The Sanitize Filter for an Integer number removes all non-integer characters from the output and produces a clean integer .
Within the download source code , you can try out various inputs and it will apply a number of common filters to your input value .
I have included a number of different example strings that you can test out as well .
What Do The Different Filters Do ?
The list below is not complete , but it does contain the majority of the filters that come standard with 5.2.0 + installations .
Custom filters and those added from custom extensions are not included here .
FILTER_VALIDATE_BOOLEAN : Checks whether or not the data passed to the filter is a boolean value of TRUE or FALSE .
If the value is a non-boolean value , it will return FALSE .
The script below would echo " TRUE " for the example data $ value01 but would echo " FALSE " for the example data $ value02 :
FILTER_VALIDATE_EMAIL : Checks whether or not the data passed to the filter is a potentially valid e-mail address .
It does not check whether the e-mail address actually exists , just that the format of the e-mail address is valid .
The Script below would echo " TRUE " for the example data $ value01 but would echo " FALSE " for the example data $ value02 ( because the second lacks the required @domain. tld portion of the e-mail address ) :
FILTER_VALIDATE_FLOAT : Checks whether or not the data passed to the filter is a valid float value .
The Script below would echo " TRUE " for the example data $ value01 but would echo " FALSE " for the example data $ value02 ( because comma separators are not allowed in float values ) :
FILTER_VALIDATE_INT : Checks whether or not the data passed to the filter is a valid integer value .
The Script below would echo " TRUE " for the example data $ value01 but would echo " FALSE " for the example data $ value02 ( because fractions / decimal numbers are not integers ) :
FILTER_VALIDATE_IP : Checks whether or not the data passed to the filter is a potentially valid IP address .
It does not check if the IP address would resolve , just that it fits the required data structure for IP addresses .
The Script below would echo " TRUE " for the example data $ value01 but would echo " FALSE " for the example data $ value02 :
FILTER_VALIDATE_URL : Checks whether or not the data passed to the filter is a potentially valid URL .
It does not check if the URL would resolve , just that it fits the required data structure for URLs .
The Script below would echo " TRUE " for the example data $ value01 but would echo " FALSE " for the example data $ value02 :
FILTER_SANITIZE_STRING :
By default , this filter removes any data from a string that is invalid or not allowed in that string .
For example , this will remove any HTML tags , like < script > or < strong > from an input string :
This script would remove the tags and return the following :
FILTER_SANITIZE_ENCODED : Many programmers use PHP's urlencode ( ) function to handle their URL Encoding .
This filter essentially does the same thing .
For example , this will encode any spaces and / or special characters from an input string :
This script would encode the punctuation , spaces , and brackets , then return the following :
FILTER_SANITIZE_SPECIAL_CHARS :
This filter will , by default , HTML - encode special characters like quotes , ampersands , and brackets ( in addition to characters with ASCII value less than 32 ) .
While the demo page does not make it abundantly clear without viewing the source ( because the HTML - encoded special characters will be interpreted and rendered out ) , if you take a look at the source code you 'll see the encoding at work :
It converts the special characters into their HTML - encoded selves :
FILTER_SANITIZE_EMAIL :
This filter does exactly what one would think it does .
It removes any characters that are invalid in e-mail addresses ( like parentheses , brackets , colons , etc ) .
For example , let 's say you accidentally added parentheses around a letter of your e-mail address ( do n't ask how , use your imagination ) :
It removes those parentheses and you get your beautiful e-mail address back :
This is a great filter to use on e-mail forms in concert with FILTER_VALIDATE_EMAIL to reduce user error or prevent XSS - related attacks ( as some past XSS attacks involved the returning of the original data provided in a non-sanitized e-mail field directly to the browser ) .
FILTER_SANITIZE_URL : Similar to the e-mail address sanitize filter , this filter does exactly what one would think , as well .
It removes any characters that are invalid in a URL ( like certain UTF - 8 characters , etc ) .
For example , let 's say you accidentally added a " ® " into your website 's URL ( again , do n't ask how , pretend a velociraptor did it ) :
It removes the unwanted " ® " and you get your handsome URL back :
FILTER_SANITIZE_NUMBER_INT :
This filter is similar to the FILTER_VALIDATE_INT but instead of simply checking if it is an Integer or not , it actually removes everything non-integer from the value !
Handy , indeed , for pesky spambots and tricksters in some input forms :
Those silly letters and decimals get thrown right out :
FILTER_SANITIZE_NUMBER_FLOAT :
This filter is similar to the FILTER_VALIDATE_INT but instead of simply checking if it is an Integer or not , it actually removes everything non-integer from the value !
Handy , indeed , for pesky spambots and tricksters in some input forms :
Again , all those silly letters and decimals get thrown right out :
But what if you wanted to keep a decimal like in the next example :
It would still remove it and return :
One of the main reasons why FILTER_SANITIZE_NUMBER_FLOAT and FILTER_SANITIZE_INT are separate filters is to allow for this via a special Flag " FILTER_FLAG_ALLOW_FRACTION " that is added as a third value passed to filter_var :
It would keep the decimal and return :
Options , Flags , and Array Controls , OH MY !
The flag in this last example is just one of many more options , flags , and array controls that allow you to have more granular control over what types of data gets sanitized , definitions of delimiters , how arrays are processed by the filters , and more .
You can find more about these flags and other filter - related functions in the PHP manual 's Filters Extension section .
Other Methods of Santizing Data with PHP
Now , we 'll go over a few key supplemental methods of sanitizing data with PHP to prevent " dirty data " from wreaking havoc on your systems .
These are especially useful for applications still running PHP 4 , as they were all available when it was released .
htmlspecialchars :
This PHP function converts 5 special characters into their corresponding HTML entities :
' &' ( ampersand ) becomes '& '
' " ' ( double quote ) becomes ' " ' when ENT_NOQUOTES is not set .
' '' ( single quote ) becomes ''' only when ENT_QUOTES is set .
' <' ( less than ) becomes '< '
' >' ( greater than ) becomes '>'
It is used like any other PHP string function :
htmlentities : Like htmlspecialchars , this PHP function converts characters into their corresponding HTML entities .
The big difference is that ALL characters that can be converted will be converted .
This is a useful method of obfuscating e-mail addresses from some bots that collect e-mail addresses , as not of them are programmed to read htmlentities .
It is used like any other PHP string function :
mysql_real_escape_string :
This MySQL function helps protect against SQL injection attacks .
It is considered a best practice ( or even a mandatory practice ) to pass all data that is being sent to a MySQL query through this function .
It escapes any special characters that could be problematic and would cause little Bobby Tables to destory yet another school students database .
Custom Functions
For many people , these built - in filters and functions are just not good enough .
Data validation of some data like phone numbers , zip codes , or even e-mails often requires more strict validation and masking .
To do this , many people create custom functions to validate and their data is real .
An example of this may be as simple as using a MySQL query to look up the data in a database of known values like so :
Other custom functions can be made that do not rely on databases of known values , and can be created by checking magic - quotes , stripping slashes , and escaping for insert into a database :
The possibilities are endless , especially if you integrate regular expressions , but for most occasions , the PHP Filters Extension should do the trick .
Follow us on Twitter , or subscribe to the Nettuts + RSS Feed for more daily web development tuts and articles .
• Goldman made profits of $ 35 m a day • US workers could get $ 700,000 bonus each • But Citigroup still hampered by consumer losses
The Wall Street bank Goldman Sachs is gearing up to pay huge year - end bonuses to its 31,000 employees after raking in quarterly profits of $ 3.19 bn ( £ 1.96bn ) , boosted by astute trading , resurgent stocks and a return to relative normality on the financial markets .
Goldman 's profits of $ 35 m a day for the three months to September were more than three times as much as the bank made during the same period in 2008 .
Under its policy of setting aside almost half of its revenue to pay its staff , the firm has built up a compensation fund of $ 16.7bn for the year to date – including $ 5.35 bn set aside in the last quarter .
Barring a sudden slump in business in the last few months of the year , Goldman looks set to generate a remuneration pool amounting to an average of more than $ 700,000 per staff member – a payout that would risk a backlash in political and public circles .
Goldman 's payroll includes 5,500 people in Britain , most of whom are based at its UK headquarters on Fleet Street .
In a nod to concern over corporate responsibility , Goldman announced that it was putting $ 200 m into a charitable foundation aimed at supporting educational initiatives around the world .
The bank 's chief financial officer , David Viniar , accepted that Goldman was treading a delicate line as controversy rages over pay in the financial industry .
" We 're very aware of what 's going on in the world but we have to trade that off with being fair to our people who , we believe , have performed admirably throughout this crisis , " said Viniar .
On a conference call with journalists , he expressed a degree of frustration at the focus on how much Goldman 's employees stand to earn .
" Yes , I do think it 's too big a focus , " said Viniar .
" I would prefer people to be focused on the success of our business , how well we 're doing and how well our people are performing . "
But he said Goldman faces vigorous competition in attracting promising talent : " Our competitors are very good , our competitors are paying people very well and they 're willing to hire people with guaranteed bonuses . "
In a sign of the speed with which prosperity has returned to trading floors , Goldman 's revenue from trading and principal investments more than tripled from last year 's $ 1.59 bn to $ 5.99 bn .
Despite drops in fees from asset management and from advising on mergers or acquisitions , Goldman 's overall revenue leapt by 105 % to $ 12.3bn .
The figures confirmed Goldman 's edge over many of its weaker competitors – and reinforced a common view that business is better for banks on Wall Street than on the high street .
Rival US institution Citigroup , hampered by consumer losses on credit cards and mortgages , produced figures today which revealed a much more modest quarterly profit of $ 101 m , compared to a $ 2.81 bn loss a year ago .
World leaders gathered at last month 's G20 summit in Pittsburgh discussed the issue of bankers ' compensation and produced guidelines urging firms to tie pay deals to longer term measures of performance , in an attempt to avert a repetition of the excessive leverage and risk - taking that contributed to the credit crunch .
Avalanche of criticism
A spokesman for Goldman pointed out that the bank and its employees are set to contribute £ 2bn to the public coffers in Britain through corporation tax , personal tax , National Insurance and other levies .
But the financial institution has been struggling to stem an avalanche of criticism over its activities .
Opponents , ranging from the right - wing television host Bill O'Reilly to the Nobel Prize - winning economist Paul Krugman , have questioned whether Goldman 's ruthless trading and large employee rewards are healthy for the broader US economy .
Unions have accused the bank of emerging from the financial crisis " unrepentant and unreformed " .
Others point out that the US government effectively backstopped Wall Street banks as " too big to fail " during the financial crisis , giving them an implicit guarantee .
Viniar rejected this , saying Goldman had significantly tightened its balance sheet and had more than $ 170bn of cash to withstand future crises , adopting an " extremely prudent and extremely conservative " management approach .
Viniar dismissed talk of a government backstop behind banks : " We 've heard many people say that but we do n't operate the company in that way .
We operate as an independent financial institution that stands on its own two feet . "
Rival JP Morgan
Chase kicked off the US bank reporting season yesterday by smashing profit expectations , and indicated that its bankers are in line for huge bonus payments .
JP Morgan 's net profits of $ 0.82 a share in the three months to 30 September were much greater than Wall Street 's expectations of $ 0.49 - $ 0.51 .
( For a TAKE A LOOK on healthcare , click on [ nN07323916 ] )
* Polls show growing doubt about healthcare plans
* Obama says will consider dropping bipartisan push
* Senate Finance negotiators meet again ( Adds Baucus quote )
By John Whitesides and Donna Smith
WASHINGTON , Aug 5 ( Reuters ) - Despite polls showing growing public doubts about his healthcare overhaul , U.S. President Barack Obama vowed on Wednesday to get a reform bill through Congress this year even without Republicans on board .
“ I promise you , we will pass reform by the end of this year because the American people need it , ” Obama said in Wakarusa , Indiana , where he traveled to tout his economic initiatives .
“ We ’re going to have to make it happen . ”
Obama ’s drive for healthcare reform , his top legislative priority , has been attacked on all sides for its $ 1 trillion cost and scope .
Democrats have feuded over how to pay for it , and Obama ’s popularity has slipped as the debate dragged on .
A Quinnipiac University poll released on Wednesday found 52 percent of voters disapprove of Obama ’s handling of healthcare while 39 percent approve .
That was a shift from 46 percent approval against 42 percent disapproval in a July 1 survey .
Concerns about spending too much and adding to the deficit appeared to fuel the change , with 72 percent saying they do not believe Obama can overhaul healthcare without expanding the deficit .
No Republicans have backed the healthcare proposals under consideration in Congress , and months of Senate Finance Committee negotiations with three Republican senators have not produced a deal .
Obama said time was about up .
“ I think at some point , sometime in September , we ’re just going to have to make an assessment , ” Obama told MSNBC after his appearance in Wakarusa , saying his priority was a plan that reined in healthcare costs , improved care and regulated insurance companies .
Obama wants to expand insurance coverage to most of the 46 million uninsured Americans and make it harder for insurance companies to prohibit coverage of those with pre-existing conditions .
“ I would prefer Republicans working with us on that because I think it ’s in the interest of everybody .
That should n’t be a partisan issue , ” he said .
‘A DELAY GAME ’
Democratic Senator John Rockefeller told reporters he suspects the three Republicans negotiating with Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus -- Charles Grassley , Mike Enzi and Olympia Snowe -- ultimately will reject a Democratic healthcare reform plan .
“ My own personal view is that those three Republicans wo n’t be there to vote for it , not in committee when it comes right down to it , ” he said .
“ So this will evolve into three or four months of a delay game , which is exactly what the Republicans want . ”
The Senate adjourns at the end of the week for a monthlong summer recess , joining the House of Representatives , which adjourned last week .
Three House committees and one Senate committee have passed versions of the healthcare bill , while Senate Finance is still at work .
Baucus said other Democrats believed the party ’s negotiators on Senate Finance should “ keep working , be bipartisan , but sometime in September we are going to have to make a decision . ”
Advocates on both sides are preparing for a fierce public relations battle this month .
Baucus and Senator Chris Dodd of the Health and Education Committee , the other panel to pass a healthcare bill , held a briefing for Democratic senators on Wednesday to get them acquainted with the proposals .
Obama sent a message to his grassroots supporters asking them to get involved during the August break , contacting their representatives and taking at least one action in support of healthcare reform .
“ The cost of inaction is simply too much for the people of this nation to bear , ” he said in the message .
The six Finance Committee members trying to reach a bipartisan deal -- three Democrats and three Republicans -- met again on Wednesday and discussed a proposal for an independent Medicare Commission to oversee the healthcare program for the elderly .
They were set to meet with Obama at the White House on Thursday to discuss the status of talks , a congressional aide said .
Baucus told reporters the panel would make judgments about Medicare payments while preserving an “ appropriate ” level of congressional involvement in setting reimbursement rates .
“ We ’re trying to strike the right balance and we did .
I think we came up with a pretty good resolution , ” he said .
( Additional reporting by David Alexander and Andy Sullivan ; Editing by David Alexander and Cynthia Osterman )
The Sacred Covenants
The Church Commits to these Promises
A Covenant is a Promise and a Commitment The Sacred Covenants is a commitment of the institution of the Church of Reality to the world that we will maintain our missions and goals so that the Church of Reality does n't evolve into something other that what it was intended to be .
People have often asked about the future of the Church of Reality .
They wonder if it will become corrupt .
They wonder if it will evolve into something that it never should have evolved into .
They wonder if the church will be able to maintain its integrity .
These are serious and legitimate concerns and we take these concerns seriously .
We do n't want to turn into some horrible religion that is different than what we intended so we are trying to take steps in these early stages so that the Church of Reality will always be the Church of Reality and not some messed up religion that is using reality as a marketing label .
One advantage that the Church of Reality has over fiction based religions is that we are tied to reality itself .
So if we get off track we have something solid to compare ourselves to .
Fiction based religions do n't have that advantage .
If a religion is founded on fiction and the fiction changes then who is to say which fiction is better ?
But if you have a basis in reality then you have something to test against to tell if you are off course .
Reality is like a lighthouse that guides us back .
However , as humans pursuing reality we are often confused and misled .
It 's easy to be tempted into compromising reality in order to be more popular or politically correct .
So it is useful to build in safeguards and reminders into church doctrine because the dedication to reality as it really is has value and deserves protection .
To that end we have the Principle of Scrutiny to encourage the public to watch us to make sure we stay clean .
The Principle of Humility helps us resist the temptations of self importance .
A covenant is an agreement and a promise that one expects to be held to .
It is a way of giving your word in the expectation that the promise will be kept .
It creates a bond between entities for which people can rely upon .
It forms the basis for trust .
The Sacred Covenants are the promises of the Church of Reality to the people of the world that we will stick to our values .
The Church however exists as a work of humanity and is not something that is divinely created or inspired .
The church is its members and the members are the church .
Therefore this is also the covenant of the members of the Church of Reality to the church to keep our religion clean and on track .
The Covenant of Reality The Covenant of Reality is our promise that the Church of Reality is going to stick with reality .
This is our promise that we are n't going to compromise on what is real .
If the Church of Reality does n't stick with reality then the name does n't mean anything and our religion becomes indistinguishable from the fiction based religions .
The pursuit of reality as it really is requires the disciplines of scientific principle .
If we believe what we want to believe rather than what is real then our pursuit of reality becomes diluted with misinformation and our fictions become barriers to the Path of Knowledge .
We therefore make this covenant to commit ourselves to reality as it really is .
The Covenant of the Future In order to truly pursue reality we have to make progress through time with every day increasing our understanding of reality as it really is .
In order to do this we have to grow the Tree of Knowledge so that in real terms our collective understanding of the universe increases .
We also have to improve ourselves and our societies so that our lives are better and we can expend the resources in order to progress .
The Principle of Positive Evolution is our most sacred principle because if we fail to progress then we have failed to pursue reality .
The Church of Reality is a forward looking religion that commits to making tomorrow better than today .
We are the caretakers of tomorrow and we accept the responsibility of using Reason and Wisdom to make good decisions today to help ensure the progress of our human family .
The Covenant of the Future is our commitment to progress .
It is our pledge to be forward thinking , to take Responsibility , and to accept that our choices have consequences .
We can not allow ourselves to make the past more important than the future .
Our improvement has to be more important than tradition .
We are a people who embrace change for the better and we are excited about what will come because we take responsibility to improve the human condition .
Newsflash
The IRS has approved the 501 ( C ) 3 tax exempt status of the Church of Reality .
Please link to us , discuss us in online forums , and blog about us .
Every time anyone thinks about reality the world becomes a little smarter .
Spelling and Grammar errors ?
spelling@churchofreality.org - please identify page and location in the page of the error .
The Church of Reality is a non-prophet organization .
" Reality ® " and " Church of Reality ® " are registered trademarks of the Church of Reality .
“… Wild Bill had his faults , grievous ones , perhaps …
He would get drunk , gamble , and indulge in the general licentiousness characteristic of the border in the early days , yet even when full of the vile libel of the name of whiskey which was dealt over the bars at exorbitant prices , he was gentle as a child , unless aroused to anger by intended insults . …
He was loyal in his friendship , generous to a fault , and invariably espoused the cause of the weaker against the stronger one in a quarrel . ” — Captain Jack Crawford , who scouted with Wild Bill before they both followed the gold rush to Deadwood .
~~~~ James Butler Hickok , better known as “ Wild Bill “ , was wagon master , soldier , scout , lawman , gunfighter , gambler , showman , and actor who was famous in the American West .
James Butler Hickok was born in Troy Grove , Illinois on May 27 , 1837 , to William Alonzo Hickok and Polly Butler Hickok .
Bill had four brothers and two sisters and his parents were God-fearing Baptists who expected Bill to keep up his chores on the farm and to attend church every Sunday .
His parents also operated a station along the Underground Railroad , where they smuggled slaves out of the South .
It was during this time that the lean and wiry young man got his first taste of hostile gunfire when he and his father were chased by law officers who suspected them of carrying more than just hay in their wagon .
Bill became enamored with guns and began target practice on small wildlife around the farm .
His romantic notions of the Wild West never sat very well with his father , but despite the protests , Bill became locally recognized as an outstanding marksman even in his youth .
At the age of 14 , Bill ’s father was killed because of his stand on abolition .
Three years later , when Bill was 17 , he went to work as a towpath driver on the Illinois and Michigan Canal .
However , a year later he headed to Kansas getting a job in Monticello driving a stagecoach on the Santa Fe and Oregon Trails .
One of the first people he was to meet in Kansas was Bill Cody , who would later claim fame with in his Buffalo Bill Wild West Show .
In 1855 , stagecoaches were often subject to the threats of bandits and Indians along the trail , and Bill quickly put his marksmanship to work , as well as developing a ready belligerence to the frequent attacks .
On one such overland trip , the stage broke down near Wetmore , Colorado .
As Wild Bill slept under some bushes outside , the customers stayed within the coach until they were awakened by a disturbance .
One of the travelers lit a kerosene lantern to find Bill being attacked by a cinnamon bear .
When the struggle between man and bear was over , Bill was severely wounded , but the bear lay dead on the ground from Hickok ’s six - inch knife .
After recovering from the almost lethal attack , Wild Bill headed back to Monticello , Kansas where he accepted a position as a peace officer on March 22 , 1858 .
Sometime after that he worked for the Pony Express and Overland Express station in Rock Creek , Nebraska , where he met David McCanles .
McCanles teased Hickok unmercifully about his girlish build and feminine features .
Perhaps in retaliation , Hickok began courting a woman by the name of Sarah Shull who McCanles had his eye on .
On July 12 , 1861 , McCanles , along with his young son and two friends by the names of James Woods and James Gordon came to the station , supposedly to collect a debt .
However , profanities were exchanged which resulted in gunfire .
McCanles was killed and both James Woods and James Gordon , who were seriously wounded , later died of their wounds .
No charges were made against Hickok on the grounds of self - defense .
Later , when Hickok ’s fame began to spread , writers looked back and began to call this gunfight the “ McCanles Massacre ” , embellishing the story to the point that Wild Bill had polished off a dozen of the West ’s most dangerous desperados .
Hickok moved on again , landing in Sedalia , Missouri where he signed on with the Union Army as a wagon master and scout on October 30 , 1861 .
The military records of his service give very little information regarding his services , but we do know that Hickok received the nickname “ Wild Bill ” while he was serving in the Union Army .
As the story goes , he was in Independence , Missouri when he encountered a drunken mob with intentions of hanging a bartender who had shot a hoodlum in a brawl .
Hickok fired two shots over the heads of the men , staring them down with an angry glare until the mob dispersed .
A grateful woman was allegedly heard to shout from the sidelines , “ Good for you , Wild Bill ! ”
She may have mistaken Hickok for someone else , but the name stuck .
In July of 1865 , Hickok met up with a twenty - six - year - old gambler in Springfield , Missouri , to whom Hickok lost at the gaming table .
When Bill could n’t pay up , Dave Tutt took his pocket watch for security .
Hickok growled that if Tutt so much as used the timepiece , he would kill him .
On July 21 , 1865 , the two met in the public square , Tutt proudly wearing the watch for all to see .
Moments later , Tutt lay on the ground dead .
Hickok was acquitted of any wrongdoing .
During his time in the Army , Hickok became good friends with General George Custer , working as one of his principal scouts .
Custer was said to have admired Hickok , played poker with him , and would have known him better had it not been for the disaster at Little Big Horn .
Shortly after the war , in 1867 , Hickok was tracked down by Henry M. Stanley , a correspondent for the New York Herald who later went to Africa and “ found ” Dr. Livingstone .
Hickok blithely told the gullible Stanley that he had personally slain over 100 men .
Stanley immediately reported this claim as gospel fact and Wild Bill became a national legend .
On November 5 , 1867 , Wild Bill ran for sheriff of Ellsworth County , Kansas but lost .
He returned to the army where he was lanced in the foot during a skirmish with an Indian in eastern Colorado .
Returning to Kansas , he became the sheriff of Hays City , Kansas in 1869 .
On August 24 , 1869 , he shot and killed a man named Bill Mulrey .
Just a month later on September 27 , 1869 , he killed a ruffian named Strawhan when he and several others were causing a disturbance in a local saloon .
On July 17 , 1870 , real trouble started for Hickok when several members of the 7th U.S. Cavalry caught him off guard in Drum ’s Saloon , knocked him to the floor and began kicking him .
Hickok drew his pistols , killing one private and seriously wounding another .
After this skirmish , Bill resigned his position in Hays City , landing back in Ellsworth , Kansas for a time , then on to Abilene , Kansas .
On April 15 , 1871 , Hickok was appointed city marshal in Abilene , for $ 150 per month , plus one - fourth of all fines assessed against the persons he arrested .
At first Wild Bill tended to routine business .
When John Wesley Hardin , purportedly the worst killer in the Wild West , arrived in Abilene , Wild Bill allegedly took an indulgent and parent - like attitude toward the nasty little murderer .
Hardin would later say that they drank together , visited the brothels together , and Hickok often gave him advice .
Hardin enjoyed being seen with the celebrated gunfighter , but he was also cautious around the city marshal , sure in the knowledge that if he got seriously out of line , Wild Bill would add him to his reputation .
However , it did n’t take long before Hardin crossed the line .
Sleeping at the American House Hotel , he was awakened by the sound of snoring coming from the next room .
Angry at having been awakened , Hardin fired shots through the wall .
In the deathly silence , Hardin knew that Marshal Hickok would waste no time in chasing him down .
According to Hardin , he crawled out a window onto the roof dressed only in his undershirt , spotted Wild Bill approaching and dove from the roof into a haystack , where he hid for the rest of the night .
With the dawn , Hardin emerged , stole a horse and hightailed it out of town dressed only in his underclothes .
Hardin ’s account of his interaction with Hickok can not be corroborated through any records of the time , and serious doubt has been placed about his account .
Hickok gradually spent more time at the gaming tables and with the ladies of the evening than he did taking care of his sheriff duties .
One young man in Abilene , by the name of Samuel Henry , described Hickok ’s gambling habits as :
“ His whole bearing was like that of a hunted tiger — restless eyes , which nervously looked about him in all directions closely scrutinizing every stranger .
When he played cards , which he did most of the time in the saloons , he sat in the corner of the room to prevent an enemy from stealing up behind him . ”
A local newspaper complained that Hickok allowed Abilene to be overrun with gamblers , con men , prostitutes , and pimps .
However , Wild Bill did have some marshaling to do and the Bull ’s Head Saloon gave him the most trouble .
Phil Coe and Ben Thompson , gamblers and gunmen , were the owners of the saloon and what brought matters to a head was an oversize painting of a Texas Longhorn painted in full masculinity .
Most Abilene townspeople were offended by the sign and demanding the animal ’s anatomy be altered , Hickok stood by with a shotgun as the necessary deletions were made to the painting .
Later , Thompson left town and Coe sold his interest in the saloon , although he remained on as a gambler .
When
Hickok and Coe began to court the same woman , rumors started to circulate that each planned to kill the other .
On October 5 , 1871 , the trouble finally came to a head .
Many cowboys were in town , fighting , drinking , carousing , and only Deputy Mike Williams offered Hickok his assistance .
Coe was celebrating the end of the cattle season and when he and his friends neared the Alamo Saloon , a vicious dog tried to bite him , prompting Coe to take a shot at the dog .
Though he missed the dog , Hickok appeared just minutes later to investigate the shots .
Upon Coe ’s explanation , Wild Bill explained to Coe that firearms were not allowed in the city , but for whatever reasons , all hell broke loose and Coe sent a bullet Hickok ’s way .
Bill returned the fire and shot Coe twice in the stomach .
Suddenly , Hickok heard footsteps coming up behind him and turning swiftly ; he fired again and accidentally killed Deputy Mike Williams .
Coe died three days later .
Abilene had had enough .
The city fathers told the Texans there could be no more cattle drives through their town and dismissed Hickok as city marshal .
At about this time the east coast was thriving on the Wild West stories in the dime novels that were being turned out and the exaggerated articles displayed in the press .
Having had some luck at the gaming tables , Hickok decided to join the foray and put together a show called “ The Daring Buffalo Chase of the Plains ” in the early 1870s .
Making a thousand dollar investment , he packed up six buffalos , four Comanche , three cowboys , a bear , and a monkey , and headed on a train to Niagara Falls .
But the show was a disaster .
The once frisky buffalo acted like Jersey cows until Wild Bill fired a shot .
Suddenly the buffalo ran circles with the Comanche screaming in pursuit , some stray dogs mixed into the fray , as well as several children chased by their parents , and all hell broke loose .
Suddenly , the buffalo broke through a wire fence and stampeded the audience .
Wild Bill made only a little over $ 100 for his show and had to sell the buffalos to a butcher shop to pay the expenses home for everybody .
However , his old friend Buffalo Bill Cody came to his rescue .
Inviting Hickok to join his dramatic play entitled “ Scouts of the Prairies , ” Wild Bill made a decent income and was able to indulge in his love for women and gambling , but an actor he was not .
Nor was he happy , beginning to drink a lot , his acting became even worse , and finally in March of 1874 he said goodbye to Cody and headed back out West .
On March 5 , 1876 , Hickok married an older woman by the name of Agnes Lake Thatcher , who had been chasing him around the country for years and patiently waiting for him to tire of his long string of female companions .
By this time he was almost 39 , going bald , wearing glasses , and was said to have sensed his oncoming death .
Marrying in Cheyenne , Wyoming , the two traveled to Cincinnati for their honeymoon .
Just a month later , Bill explained to her that he was headed to the western goldfields to make a grubstake and would send for her later .
She would never see him again .
By the time Hickok accompanied Charlie Utter ’s wagon train to Deadwood , South Dakota , his reputation as a gunfighter had preceded him .
Initially , he attempted to lead a quiet , reasonably respectable life in the wild mining camp , but his two greatest failings – gambling and liquor , led him into the rough saloons lining the main street of the narrow gulch .
Along the wagon train trail to Deadwood , Hickok met Calamity Jane in Laramie , Wyoming .
Being very much alike with their outrageous tales and heavy drinking habits , the two hit if off immediately .
Later , Calamity
Jane would tell everyone that they were a “ couple , ” but this has been much disputed .
Seemingly uninterested in a grubstake , Wild Bill tried vainly to resume a career as a gambler , but no longer possessed the requisite skills .
In fact , he was just barely able to keep himself properly suited and situated so as to hold on to the reputation and the illusion .
He was seldom sober and was repeatedly arrested for vagrancy .
On the evening of August 1 , 1876 , Hickok was playing poker in a Deadwood saloon with several men , including a man by the name of Jack McCall , who lost heavily .
Wild Bill generously gave him back enough money to buy something to eat , but advised him not to play again until he could cover his losses .
The next afternoon , August 2 , when Wild Bill entered Nuttall & Mann ’s Saloon he found Charlie Rich sitting in his preferred seat .
After some hesitation , Wild Bill joined the game , reluctantly seating himself with his back to the door and the bar — a fatal mistake .
Jack McCall , drinking heavily at the bar , saw Hickok enter the saloon , taking a seat at his regular table in the corner near the door .
McCall slowly walked around to the corner of the saloon where Hickok was playing his game .
From under his coat , McCall pulled a double - action .45 pistol , shouted “ Take that ! ” and shot Wild Bill Hickok in the back of the head , killing him instantly .
Hickok had been holding a pair of eights , and a pair of Aces , which has ever since been known as the “ dead man ’s hand . ”
Hickok ’s good friend , Charlie Utter , claimed the body , made the funeral arrangements and bought the burial plot .
He was buried in the cemetery outside Deadwood on August 3 , 1876 .
Calamity Jane insisted that a proper grave be built in honor of the man she loved , and a 10’x10 ′ enclosure was built around his burial plot encircled by a 3 ′ fence with fancy cast iron filigree on top .
A small American flag was stuck into the ground in front of the tombstone in honor of his service in the War .
The entire population of the gulch , prospectors to prostitutes , followed his funeral procession to “ boot hill . ”
Charlie Utter placed a wooden marker on the grave inscribed :
Wild Bill B. Hickok
Killed by the assassin Jack McCall
Deadwood , Black Hills
August 2 , 1876
Pard we will meet again in the
Happy Hunting Grounds to part no more
Goodbye
Colorado Charlie , C. H. Utter
Soon , his new bride would receive a letter that Bill had penned just one day before his death .
Seemingly , it appears that he had a premonition of his rapidly approaching demise :
“ Agnes Darling , if such should be we never meet again , while firing my last shot , I will gently breathe the name of my wife —
Agnes — and with wishes even for my enemies I will make the plunge and try to swim to the other shore . ”
The day after Hickok was killed a jury panel was selected to try Jack McCall .
McCall claimed he had shot Wild Bill in revenge for killing his brother back in Abilene , Kansas and maintained that he would do it all over again given the chance .
In less than two hours the jury returned a “ not guilty ” verdict that evoked this comment in the local newspaper : “ Should it ever be our misfortune to kill a man … we would simply ask that our trial may take place in some of the mining camps of these hills . ”
McCall hung about Deadwood for several days , until a man called California Joe strongly suggested the air might be bad for McCall ’s health .
McCall got the message and believing he ’d escaped punishment for his crime , headed to Wyoming bragging to anyone who would listen that he had killed the famous Wild Bill Hickok .
Less than a month later , the trial held in Deadwood was found to have had no legal basis , Deadwood being located in Indian Territory .
McCall was arrested in Laramie , Wyoming on August 29 , 1876 , charged with the murder , and taken to Yankton , South Dakota to stand trial .
Lorenzo Butler
Hickok traveled from Illinois to attend the trial of his brother ’s murderer and was gratified by the guilty verdict .
On March 1 , 1877 , Jack McCall was put to death by hanging .
As to McCall ’s earlier claim of having shot Hickok out of revenge for his brother , it was later discovered that Jack McCall never had a brother .
Years after Hickok ’s death , in 1900 , an aging Calamity Jane arranged to be photographed next to his overgrown burial site .
Elderly , thin and poor , her clothes were ragged and held together with safety pins .
Holding a flower in her hand , she said that when she died she wanted to be buried next to the man she loved .
Three years later , she was .
© Kathy Weiser / Legends of America , updated October 2019 .
President Obama is busy this week with an international agenda ( Middle East , UN General Assembly , and G20 in Pittsburgh ) .
But the linchpin in the current US domestic debate — health care reform — goes on and on and on .
At least the online readers of the Globe and Mail in Canada still rate the president ’s chances of health care success high enough .
Almost two - thirds of respondents in an online poll are still answering Yes to the question “ Will Barack Obama succeed in having a health - care bill passed ? ”
Meanwhile , Bloomberg.com — a site operated by Bloomberg LP , which is 88 % owned by New York mayor Michael Bloomberg ( also ranked last year as the “ eighth - richest American ” by Forbes magazine ) — is doing its best to add some sanity about Canada to the ongoing US health care debate , with an article called “ Canadian Health Care , Even With Queues , Bests US . ”
Here are a few fresh items from this source that both Canadians and Americans ought to find interesting :
* According to “ research by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development [ OECD ] and other independent studies published during the past five years … delays do occur for non-emergency procedures ” but “ Canada ’s system of universal health coverage provides care as good as in the US , at a cost 47 % less for each person . ”
* “ Canadians live two to three years longer than Americans and are as likely to survive heart attacks , childhood leukemia , and breast and cervical cancer . ”
* “ Deaths considered preventable through health care are less frequent in Canada than in the US , according to a January 2008 report in the journal Health Affairs .
In the study by British researchers , Canada placed sixth among 19 countries surveyed , with 77 deaths for every 100,000 people .
That compared with the last - place finish of the US , with 110 deaths . ”
* “ The Canadian mortality rate from asthma is one quarter of the US ’s , and the infant mortality rate is 34 % lower , OECD data show .
People in Canada are also 21 % more apt to survive five years after a liver transplant . ”
Generally , according to Donald Berwick , a Harvard University health - policy specialist and pediatrician who heads the Boston - based nonprofit Institute for Healthcare Improvement : “ There is an image of Canadians flooding across the border to get care … That ’s just not the case .
The public in Canada is far more satisfied with the system than they are in the US and health care is at least as good , with much more contained costs . ”
Yet Uwe Reinhardt , a health - care economist at Princeton University , believes that “ the Canadian ‘ bogeyman ’ … may have ‘ all but defeated ’ the idea of a public option ” in the United States — the closest approximation to Canada ’s current system ( and to the current American publicly funded Medicare and Medicaid programs ) .
President Obama ’s health care crusade is not over yet , of course .
Hope springs eternal in the human breast , etc , etc .
And , in any case , the cthonic great spirit of the northern wilderness has its own reasons to be pleased .
Whatever else , the lies about Canadian health care in the US debate today do make a lot of Canadians happy that they do not actually live in the United States — as hard as that may be ( understandably in some ways , no doubt ) for many Americans to believe !
answers in genesis takes on black holes
Answers In Genesis ' Jason Lisle finds
God and proof of a 6,000 year universe in black holes and the speed of light .
What could possibly be more shocking than finding a brutal maiming of some of the simplest scientific facts on a website ran by a fundamentalist group that created a museum of indoctrination which shows humans living with dinosaurs in the Garden of Eden ?
How about an article which is actually a really good basic primer on the concept of black holes ?
Apparently , some sort of massive gravitational disturbance managed to warp the fabric of time at the AiG so much so , one of their writers churned out a generally well researched and well thought out article about the most bizarre phenomena in the universe .
But alas , it does come with a catch …
Considering the track record of AiG ’s collections of asinine arguments about astronomy , cosmology and the outright hostility towards the basic principles of the scientific method they display on a constant basis , this primer in general relativity seems completely out of place on any site even mentioning Genesis .
That is , until you get towards the end of the article in which Dr. Jason Lisle remembers that his astrophysics expertise has to be discarded in favor of the exasperating inanity his boss , Ken Ham , expects and does an ugly about face .
Such physics is the basis for several young - universe cosmologies , that allow light from the most distant galaxies to reach earth in thousands of years or less .
Scientific discoveries , such as black holes , are not only interesting , but they give us a small glimpse into the thoughts of an infinite God .
Pardon the potential pun but what in the hell was that ?
How can one hold a degree in astrophysics and give a detailed and accurate description of Einstein ’s profound expansion of Newton ’s work on gravity , then throw out this mutilation of middle school science into the public eye ?
It ’s like making a dish worthy of a gourmet , world class restaurant , plating it until it looks good enough to be featured on Iron Chef , then laying a dead skunk on top of the tender and juicy filet mignon when it gets to the table .
Whatever first impression you might have had is now not just blown , but decimated and your customer has to fight back the urge to hurl something heavy at your head .
Is this how Ken Ham abuses scientists ?
Because if he does , the man is pure evil and working with him is like making a Faustinian deal but in reverse .
Rather than give you knowledge in exchange for your soul , he ’ll drain your brains and claim the hollow shell of your credentials for his anti-science crusade .
You might remember the mangling of relativity hurled at me by the now infamous Joe Johnson on this blog , and this seems to be one of the origins for his ridiculous assertions .
The fact is that a mass - less object like a photon is limited to a velocity of 299,792,458 meters per second .
Any faster than that and the rules governing time and space break down .
Theoretical particles traveling faster than light are called tachyons and routinely get mentioned in sci- fi books and movies which need to justify faster than light communication .
However , the tachyons that live in astrophysical formulas would have to be so unstable , they could n’t actually exist due to all the violations of special relativity they would require .
Without tachyons , we could never see light from a star some 3,000 light years away any sooner than 3,000 years .
Phenomena such as gravitational lensing can only distort the appearance of objects so we can sometimes get a better look at them but they have no effect on the speed of photons coming towards us .
So to all you young universe cosmologists and other pseudo - scientists who preach the gospel of ignorance , either find us a sky full of tachyons or release Dr. Lisle ’s brain and let the man go to work in a university where he could put his genuine expertise to good use in advancing human knowledge rather than help an Australian crackpot drag us back into the Dark Ages and reverse the scientific strides we made in the past century .
( Fortune Magazine ) --
In my rusted jalopy , a 1991 Volvo 240 sedan , I have installed the future .
A car that stalls at every stop sign now has turn - by - turn navigation .
I can check my e-mail and monitor the stock market ( or , let 's be honest , the day 's surf ) .
There are applications at my fingertips that can point my sputtering car toward a burrito -- or the remains of fossilized dinosaurs uncovered nearby .
All it took was a friend whose iPhone came along for a ride .
Every car 's dashboard needs to take a cue from the iPhone .
It does n't need to be sleek and well designed ( though that would n't hurt ) , but it does need to be connected , customizable , and open to thousands of software developers .
Cars are not gadgets ; they are for driving , and there is safety to be considered foremost .
But when you think about it , the car is the ultimate mobile device .
And automakers need to start acting more like consumer electronics companies if they do n't want to cede one of their last great opportunities to Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) , Research in Motion ( RIMM ) , or Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) .
More screens are showing up in automobiles .
Would n't it be great if those screens became home to a flood of car - appropriate applications ?
I imagine apps that help you , or your newly licensed children , drive more safely .
In the same way you have different permissions on a computer , you might have different permissions in a car that toggle from super - performance mode to granny mode , for example .
I want an application that monitors my Google calendar and then alerts colleagues of my ETA .
Mostly what I want is for automakers to provide a framework that can bring concepts and people together for product development on a consumer electronics time scale , which means weeks for implementing an idea , not years .
Some of that is happening already .
Ford ( F , Fortune 500 ) , in partnership with Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) , has been offering in its cars its " Sync " platform , which cleverly uses your mobile phone to connect to navigation , entertainment , and other applications .
By all accounts Ford is ahead of its U.S. peers .
BMW is working with Google .
But in all cases the auto industry is making slow progress toward open systems that software developers could access .
An example of what is possible when auto tech is opened up is parked at Stanford University .
Volkswagen gave a gang of computer scientists essentially an unlocked ( the software , not the doors ) Passat wagon .
With some sophisticated hardware bolted to the roof and lots of very smart software , these guys now have a car ( its name is Junior ) that drives itself .
I do n't care how much you love your smartphone , a driverless car is much cooler .
What the Stanford team has done is break driving down into a computer science problem .
They reduced the act of maneuvering a car into software code that , to oversimplify greatly , takes data from a series of sensors and a navigation system and combines the data with certain rules -- stay within a portion of the road -- to create a virtual driver .
Some computers in the trunk act as the brains for the car , crunching all the data that gets fed on - the - fly into the driving program .
" Driving " around the Stanford campus in Junior , even on a pre-defined route , is initially an unnerving experience .
We human drivers tend to take short cuts when making turns , so the curve is more gentle .
Junior was banging left and right turns at what seemed like 90 - degrees , almost as if the computer program realized a fraction late that the car needed to make a turn .
A double - parked car along the route added some suspense : Would Junior " see " the obstacle and avoid it ?
Or ruin some Stanford student 's day , and plow into the car ?
As we slowed and approached the car , Junior deftly turned around it , no sweat .
After just a short while , it became clear we were n't going to hit anything .
As I checked my e-mail , watched various gizmos arrayed on the dash , and generally ignored the road , the advantages of having your car drive itself became obvious .
I do n't expect to have one parking itself in my garage soon , but Stanford 's science project describes the direction in which automakers need to head quickly -- toward openness .
If they do n't , maybe Apple will get into the car business itself ( you thought a phone was improbable ) , and believe me , they do n't want that to happen .
Chavez included Russia on his recent tour and met Vladimir Putin
Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez has announced that the country will soon take delivery of Russian missiles with a range of 300 km ( 185 miles ) .
Returning from a 10 - day tour of Africa , Asia and Europe , including Russia , Mr Chavez is also planning to buy Russian T - 72 and T - 90 tanks .
" Soon some little rockets are going to be arriving ... and they do n't fail , " he announced at the presidential palace .
But he denied they would be used for offensive purposes .
" We are not going to attack anybody , these are just defence tools , because we are going to defend our country from any threat , wherever it may come from , " the president said .
Venezuela is involved in a long - running diplomatic stand - off with neighbouring Colombia , over the latter 's plans to allow US troops greater access to its military bases .
Colombia says the US forces will help in the war against drugs and left - wing guerrillas and will not destabilise the region .
Mr Chavez , a fierce opponent of US foreign policy , did not say how many missiles he had ordered .
Russia has been strengthening its ties with several Latin American countries , including Venezuela .
The two countries held joint naval exercises in Venezuelan waters last November .
A Bangladeshi teenager who died in a garment factory that supplies cheap jeans for export to Europe was " overworked to death " , a rights group said .
Fatema Akter , 18 , a garment worker in the port city of Chittagong , died during her shift in December last year , the US - based National Labor Committee said .
" Forced to work 13 to 15 hours a day , seven days a week , Fatema was sick and exhausted , with pains in her chest and arms , " the report said .
Her job was to clean 90 to 100 pairs of finished jeans an hour , it said .
" Rather than grant her a sick day [ her supervisor ] slapped her face very hard and ordered her to continue working . "
“ We ’re working with refugees , ” Mr. Hughes said .
“ Many of the victims of atrocities are women , and they ’ve had enough of men with guns and uniforms . ”
He said that among the most critical tasks for a global police force were combating illegal arms and drug trafficking .
His own officers in West Africa have watched the growth of cocaine smuggling by Colombian and Venezuelan drug cartels through weakened countries like Sierra Leone and Liberia to the lucrative consumer markets in Europe .
The United States remains the biggest market for cocaine , according to the U.N. ’s annual report on drugs and crime .
But in the past three years , South American cartels have moved more drugs to Europe using transit points like Guinea Bissau , where the president and the head of the military were killed in sophisticated bombing attacks in March .
Each year , at least 50 tons of cocaine from Andean countries passes through West Africa to the streets of Europe , where the drugs are worth almost $ 2 billion , according to the U.N. report .
“ Organized crime is a business that looks for opportunity to expand their market enterprise , ” Mr. Hughes said .
“ When you have a breakdown in police and courts and corrections , organized crime is ripe .
We also see the toxic effect of corruption , because they are able to corrupt officials , which makes it difficult to build a functioning society . ”
In Afghanistan , where heroin and hashish trafficking is also a thorny issue , NATO announced plans this month to start training the local police — a move it has avoided in the past to concentrate on military responsibilities .
But Mr. Noble of Interpol says he takes a dim view of transforming warriors into beat cops , because the mind - sets are so different .
“ We caution on making the delegation of civil police development tasks to military structures , ” Mr. Noble said , citing the example of an attack that freed hundreds of Taliban from a prison in Kandahar , Afghanistan , last year .
Although Interpol immediately asked for information about the missing prisoners , he said , “ we were really shocked and dismayed to learn there were no fingerprints and photographs despite billions spent to train police there . ”
With the meeting of justice ministers on Monday , which coincides with a general assembly of Interpol police members , the group is expected to debate the global police issue and to craft a declaration that would lead to an action plan for international police peacekeeping within 12 months .
Opera 10 final is out , Chrome just turned one year old , and Firefox 3.5 has settled into stability .
It 's time once again to break out the timers and speed test today 's web browsers .
Advertisement
Like all our previous speed tests , this one is unscientific , but thorough .
We install the most current versions of each browser being tested — in this case , Opera 10 , Chrome 's development channel 4.0 version , and the final Firefox 3.5 with security fixes — in a system with a 2.0 GHz Intel Centrino Duo processor and 2GB of RAM , running Windows XP .
We use Rob Keir 's tiny timer app to time each browser in the common ways that leave users waiting : a " cold start " right after boot , a " warm start " after already having run once , and waiting on eight tabs to load up .
We run each test three times and average the results , tossing out any obvious irregularities .
Advertisement
We also run each browser through Mozilla 's Dromaeo JavaScript testing suite , which itself is an aggregator of Apple 's SunSpider suite , Google 's V8 tests , and a few unique items .
These tests run each browser 's JavaScript interpreter and engine through a series of situational exercises .
Mozilla 's Firefox Director Mike Beltzner told us that JavaScript test results can be compared to horsepower , and can be tweaked by engine developers — still , a holistic solution is n't in our hands at the moment .
Anyone feel like coding up a fake Gmail that captures test results ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Finally , we take a Windows Task Manager measurement of how much memory is being used at startup and after those eight tabs are loaded .
The eight tabs are the same as in the last set of tests — basically , each browser 's home page , and then the Google home page , Lifehacker , Gizmodo , and YouTube thrown in for good browser - dragging measure .
Advertisement
On with the results !
Test 1 : Boot - up and page loading — Winner : Google Chrome !
Normally Chrome rules the roost on start - up times , both warm and cold .
( Incidentally , the development channel version I loaded on XP turned my mouse into an hourglass for a few seconds on every new load , both cold and warm .
That could indicate some issue with the system , but I was running Chrome on a plain vanilla , just - installed copy of XP Service Pack 3 . )
Chrome 4 is , however , a lot faster on my Windows 7 RC system , but that 's not what this test was about .
So , here 's the results for the three latest browsers :
Advertisement
For comparison 's sake , here 's a combined ranking of all the browsers from our last test and this round .
As shown here , Chrome 's stable version is the overall champion :
Advertisement
When the browser 's open , though , Chrome 's 4.0 version handily beats even its stable predecessor , so perhaps that 's a willing trade - off .
You 'll only load your browser a few times each day , but tab loading is something of a by - the - minute affair for many of us .
Here 's the eight - page loading for this round :
Note :
We replaced the original charts in this section of the post with charts that start at 0 seconds at the axis for a more accurate depiction of the speed differences .
Advertisement
And the aggregate results from the last two rounds :
Advertisement
Test 2 : JavaScript — Winner : Google Chrome !
Not much new to report here , except that Chrome 4.0 shows gains in JavaScript speed over its stable release .
Opera 10 and Firefox 3.5 perform the same as their last beta releases — reassuring for our testing purposes , at least .
Here 's the three current contenders :
Advertisement
And the full leader board :
Advertisement
Test 3 : Memory Use — Winner : Firefox !
Google Chrome 's 4.0 version is definitely grabbing more system resources and revving its engine at startup to deliver performance .
Update : Google 's Chromium developers write about measuring Chromium / Chrome dev channel memory usage , noting that a straight Windows Task Manager reading may not be entirely accurate .
We can't run back and get new readings from the same test environment , but will note Google 's claim for future tests .
Advertisement
Firefox continues to be impressively efficient on first load .
Here 's how the newest trio fared :
Advertisement
And the combined results of all the modern Windows browsers :
Advertisement
Firefox and Opera show themselves to have fairly consistent and usable betas , while Chrome reveals that its bleeding - edge development trunk really is different from what the safe - as - cotton users are getting .
Advertisement
Anything catch your eye in this multitude of minutiae ?
Have your own suggestions on what you 'd like to see tested for the next round ?
Tell your referees in the comments .
The difference between parties and movements is simple : Parties are loyal to their own power regardless of policy agenda ; movements are loyal to their own policy agenda regardless of which party champions it .
This is one of the few enduring political axioms , and it explains why the organizations purporting to lead an American progressive " movement " have yet to build a real movement , much less a successful one .
Though the 2006 and 2008 elections were billed as progressive movement successes , the story behind them highlights a longer - term failure .
During those contests , most of Washington 's major labor , environmental , antiwar and anti-poverty groups spent millions of dollars on a party objective -- specifically , on electing a Democratic president and Congress .
In the process , many groups subverted their own movement agendas in pursuit of electoral unity .
The effort involved a sleight of hand .
These groups begged their grassroots members -- janitors , soccer moms , veterans and other " regular folks " -- to cough up small - dollar contributions in return for the promise of progressive movement pressure on both parties ' politicians .
Simultaneously , these groups went to dot-com and Wall Street millionaires , asking them to chip in big checks in exchange for advocacy that did not undermine those fat cats '
Democratic Party friends ( or those millionaires ' economic privilege ) .
This was n't totally dishonest .
Many groups sincerely believed that Democratic Party promotion was key to achieving progressive movement causes .
Additionally , during the Bush era , pushing progressive causes and helping Democrats was often one and the same , because those causes primarily indicted Republican obstructionists .
But after the 2008 election , the strategy 's bankruptcy is undeniable .
As we now see , union dues underwrote Democratic lawmakers who today block serious labor law reform and ignore past promises to fix NAFTA .
Green groups ' resources elected a government that pretends sham " cap and trade " bills represent environmental progress .
Health care groups , promising to push a single - payer system , got a president not only dropping his own single - payer promises , but also backing off a " public option " to compete with private insurance .
And anti-war funding delivered a Congress that refuses to stop financing the Iraq mess and an administration preparing to escalate the Afghanistan conflict .
Of course , frustrated progressives might be able to forgive the groups who promised different results , had these post-election failures prompted course corrections .
For example , had the left 's preeminent institutions responded to Democrats ' health care capitulation by immediately announcing campaigns against these Democrats , progressives could feel confident that these groups were back to prioritizing a movement agenda .
Likewise , had the big anti-war organizations reacted to Obama 's Afghanistan escalation plans with promises of electoral retribution , we would know those organizations were steadfastly loyal to their anti-war brand .
But that has n't happened .
Despite Democrats ' health care retreat , many major progressive groups spent the summer cheering them on , afraid to lose access and , thus , Beltway status .
Meanwhile , The New York Times reports that Moveon.org has " yet to take a clear position on Afghanistan " while VoteVets ' leader all but genuflected to President Barack Obama , saying , " People ( read : professional political operatives ) do not want to take on the administration . "
In this vacuum , movement building has been left to underfunded ( but stunningly successful ) projects like Firedoglake.com , Democracy for America , the Progressive Change Campaign Committee and local organizations .
And that 's the lesson :
True grassroots movements that deliver concrete legislative results are not steered by marble - columned monoliths , wealthy benefactors or celebrity politicians -- and they are rarely ever headquartered in Washington .
They are almost always far - flung efforts by those focused on real - world results , not partisan vanity -- those who do n't care about congressional cocktail parties or White House soirees they were never invited to in the first place .
Only when enough progressives realize this truism , will any movement -- and any significant change -- finally commence .
David Sirota writes for Creators Syndicate .
The recent recession - fueled explosion of backyard vegetable gardens caught the nursery industry somewhat by surprise .
Everyone , it seems , wants to grow tomatoes , cucumbers and eggplants , even those folks who have never before picked up a shovel .
Starting this fall , however , nurseries and garden centers will be filling aisles with more than plants that feed us .
Growers and store buyers say consumers can expect to see more lovely textures coming to market and , best of all , more plants that require less water .
A sampling of trends shaping the marketplace in the months to come :
More edibles
This trend is n’t ebbing .
Look for fruiting trees and shrubs that do double duty , producing food and making the garden beautiful .
Advertisement
“ The hottest plants are blueberries , ” says Nicholas Staddon , director of new plants for Monrovia Growers .
Though Monrovia grew its largest crop of these nearly evergreen shrubs for the 2009 - 10 season , Staddon says , “ If we ’d had thousands more plants , we could have sold them too . ”
Staddon recommends the Sunshine Blue , O’Neal and Jubilee blueberry plants , which will deliver a crop from mid-April to early July in Southern California .
These southern “ highbush ” blueberries are varieties that have been bred to fruit with little winter chill , but they still prefer acidic soil -- something few Southern California gardens have .
Grow them in a container with a potting mix that contains plenty of peat moss .
Other plants that fall into the edible - ornamental category are figs , pomegranates and pineapple guava .
Even artichokes can be grown as flowering perennials .
Leave the buds on the plants , and they turn into huge , brushy indigo and violet flowers .
With the exception of blueberries , all of these plants are drought tolerant .
--
Advertisement
Less water
The scarcity of water remains a driving force .
Although succulents remain a low - water mainstay , the demand for drought - tolerant gardens that are attractive , colorful and distinctive are prompting growers and stores to bring to market other kinds of plants from Australia , South Africa , Chile and the Mediterranean .
These areas are linked to Southern California by their rainfall pattern .
Precipitation is limited to winter months , and the hot , long days of summer are dry , dry , dry .
Plants from these areas , along with our own California natives , are evolved to cope with dry summers and lean soils .
Among shrubs , the South African cone bushes have the most fantastic colored leaves .
They are increasingly available in stores , and the cone bush Safari Sunshine ( also sold as Jester ) thrills gardeners with its yellow- , rose - and green - striped leaves .
It ’s topped by what looks like red blush flowers .
Also , watch for Adenanthos cuneatus Coral Drift , a beautiful Australian shrub that can reach 4 feet tall with silvery blue , wedge - shaped leaves edged in a reddish pink .
Even with no flowers , the plant is colorful .
Advertisement
For delicate sprays of pink flowers , try Chamelaucium ciliatum Scaddan .
The shrub grows 3 feet tall by 4 feet wide , and according to Randy Baldwin , general manager of the San Marcos Growers wholesale nursery in Santa Barbara , it is always covered in blooms .
All of these Australian shrubs come through a program called Koala Blooms , which imports Australian plants into the California nursery trade through a coalition of nurseries and the UC Santa Cruz Arboretum , where the plants are tested .
If you like plants with multicolored leaves , you also can look for new versions of old standbys .
For a notable rosemary , one of the ultimate edible - ornamental plants , try Gold Dust , whose chartreuse leaves have a dark green stripe down the center .
Flowers are a deep , deep blue .
--
Advertisement
Extra texture
New Zealand flax and cordylines have been the predominant choices for large - scale , low - water , strappy - leafed texture for years .
Although they continue to dominate the large selections , lots of smaller accompaniments are appearing on the market .
The newer wave of Dianella , the flax lilies , include some with intense blue leaves ( Cassa Blue , Baby Bliss ) or striped leaves ( Yellow Stripe ) .
All are very upright , with broad blades from 1 1 / 2 to 2 feet high , and stalks of blue - to - violet flowers in spring followed by shockingly blue or purple berries .
Lomandras are another group of smaller strappy - leaved plants .
They form 12 - to 24 - inch fountains in shades of green .
Varieties such as Breeze and Little Con have leaves as fine as blades of grass .
These drought - tolerant plants form masses of fibrous surface roots that are thought to stem erosion on slopes .
Advertisement
Plants in the genus Carex are as strappy as Lomandras .
A particularly intriguing new variety is the broad - leafed , variegated Carex trifida Rekohu Sunrise .
It makes a weeping mound , 20 inches tall by 30 inches wide , and has stunning leaves striped green and gold .
If this plant is grown on a low water diet , the blades take on a bluish blush , says Nanci Allen , plant projects manager for PlantHaven , a company that assists breeders in bringing new varieties such as Rekohu Sunrise to market .
She suggests giving the plant sun or part shade but little irrigation , making it a good pick for the gardener who forgets to water .
--
Sterman is author of “ California Gardener ’s Guide Volume II . ”
Advertisement
home@latimes.com
This article is by William J. Broad , Mark Mazzetti and David E. Sanger .
WASHINGTON  When President Obama stood last week with the leaders of Britain and France to denounce Iran ’s construction of a secret nuclear plant , the Western powers all appeared to be on the same page .
Behind their show of unity about Iran ’s clandestine efforts to manufacture nuclear fuel , however , is a continuing debate among American , European and Israeli spies about a separate component of Iran ’s nuclear program : its clandestine efforts to design a nuclear warhead .
The Israelis , who have delivered veiled threats of a military strike , say they believe that Iran has restarted these “ weaponization ” efforts , which would mark a final step in building a nuclear weapon .
The Germans say they believe that the weapons work was never halted .
The French have strongly suggested that independent international inspectors have more information about the weapons work than they have made public .
Meanwhile , in closed - door discussions , American spy agencies have stood firm in their conclusion that while Iran may ultimately want a bomb , the country halted work on weapons design in 2003 and probably has not restarted that effort  a judgment first made public in a 2007 National Intelligence Estimate .
Scientists believe they may have cracked an important conundrum in atmospheric chemistry : how a volatile molecule released by plants helps to form aerosols that can have a profound effect on weather and climate systems .
Isoprene , C 5 H 8 , is emitted by deciduous plants and is the largest source of hydrocarbons other than methane to enter the atmosphere - estimated at more than 500 million tonnes each year .
It has been known for many years that isoprene participates in the formation of aerosols - tiny liquid droplets suspended in the atmosphere .
These ’ secondary organic aerosols ’ play an important part in the formation of clouds and the cycling of water in the atmosphere .
However , their composition and the chemistry of their formation has remained elusive , leaving a large gap in knowledge for those trying to develop comprehensive atmospheric models .
Isoprene itself is too volatile to attach to particles in the atmosphere and create aerosols .
Now , a team led by Fabien Paulot of the Institute of Technology in Pasadena , California , has demonstrated the chemical process by which isoprene can contribute to the formation of secondary organic aerosols .
The work could have important practical value for air quality modelling .
In the laboratory the researchers simulated conditions found in the atmosphere above forests where it is known that hydroxyl radicals oxidise isoprene in the presence of sunlight .
Using chemical ionisation mass spectrometry and tandem mass spectrometry , the team identified organic hydroperoxides and epoxides .
The presence of these molecules enabled the researchers to formulate a reaction pathway by which the isoprene can be attacked by hydroxyl radicals , ultimately forming epoxides .
Crucially , the pathway results in the recycling of the hydroxyl radical .
This is important because previous ideas about the oxidation of isoprene would result in a net consumption of hydroxyl radicals - something that is not observed in the field .
Furthermore , the researchers showed that when the epoxides come into contact with existing aerosol particles , they are taken up by the aerosol and consequently contribute to the aerosol mass .
Markus Kalberer , who researches organic aerosols at the University of Cambridge in the UK is impressed with the research , highlighting the interaction observed between the epoxides and the aerosol particles as particularly interesting :
’ In this whole business of secondary organic aerosol particles this has been a missing link and they have done a really nice job on the chemical identification - often you see papers where there is a lot of guessing .
Epoxide has been hypothesised for more than 10 years and this seems to confirm its role , and it does appear to be the dominant route of this oxidation pathway , which , importantly , recycles the OH . ’
Simon Hadlington
Interesting ?
Spread the word using the ’ tools ’ menu on the left .
Every circus needs a sideshow , which must be why every time the issue of rising medical costs gets debated , politicians start clamoring for “ tort reform . ”
You know the argument : Disgruntled patients , goaded on by unscrupulous lawyers , file frivolous malpractice lawsuits and walk off with millions of dollars in undeserved awards granted by teary - eyed jurors .
Doctors respond by practicing “ defensive medicine , ” ordering lots of unnecessary tests to cover their behinds .
Bingo !
Medical costs hit the stratosphere .
Sen. Johnny Isakson ( R - Ga. ) boiled this view down to its essentials in a recent Republican weekly radio address , calling for the elimination of “ frivolous lawsuits against doctors and hospitals . ”
Tort reform has lots of fans .
The public ’s on board because it ’s easy to hate lawyers .
Doctors and hospitals love it because they hate to get sued .
Insurance companies love it because the less money they pay out to plaintiffs , the more they get to keep .
Republicans love it because trial lawyers give three - quarters of their political donations to Democrats .
And Democrats pay it lip service because they ’re afraid to look like lawyer lovers .
Advertisement
Any issue featuring so many interest groups cantering about on hobbyhorses is an issue where the truth goes to die .
So let ’s try to resuscitate the patient with a shot of reality .
First : “ Frivolous ” litigation .
Lawyers define frivolous lawsuits as those that , from first to last , do n’t have a leg to stand on .
Just because a lawsuit ends up a loser does n’t mean it ’s frivolous .
That ’s especially true of malpractice cases , which can bristle with complexity .
Often the only way to know if an injury resulted from professional error is to use a lawsuit to pry loose the facts .
“ It can be hard to tell until late in the litigation if there ’s really no claim , ” Michelle Mello , an expert on malpractice at Harvard ’s School of Public Health , told me .
An extensive study she helped conduct of malpractice case files showed that frivolous cases , as usually defined , are rare -- and those that do get brought usually do n’t yield a payment to the plaintiff .
Advertisement
The obverse is a bigger problem -- injury cases where the victim does n’t get a dime .
These often involve lower - income or unemployed patients , says David M. Studdert , Mello ’s research partner , now at the University of Melbourne , Australia .
The truth is that medical liability is n’t a big driver of health costs overall .
Studdert estimates the cost of malpractice litigation , in court and through defensive medicine , at roughly 2 % to 3 % of all U.S. healthcare spending -- in other words , no more than $ 50 billion out of a total annual bill of $ 1.7 trillion .
( You ’ll hear estimates as high as $ 200 billion from outfits like the American Medical Assn. , which is the antithesis of an objective source . )
It ’s fair to say that some reform is needed in our tort system .
The trick is to make sure that the benefits of any changes go to the right people -- the patients .
That has n’t been the result of the preferred remedy for malpractice lawsuits , which is to hit trial lawyers in the pocketbook .
Cap their fees or jury awards ( of which they customarily take a percentage ) , the theory goes , and they ’ll knock off the ambulance - chasing .
This model of tort reform comes , alas , from California .
In 1975 , a sharp run-up in doctors ’ premiums stampeded the Legislature into enacting draconian limits on malpractice cases .
Under the Medical Injury Compensation Reform Act , or MICRA , noneconomic damages -- that ’s “ pain and suffering ” -- were capped at $ 250,000 .
Lawyers ’ fees were also limited .
Many other states followed with similar laws .
Advertisement
Who got helped by MICRA ?
Not consumers .
California ’s healthcare costs are n’t measurably lower than other states ’ .
In fact , they ’re measurably higher .
Not the victims of medical error , at least not fairly : A Rand Corp. study in 2004 found that the cap fell disproportionately on “ those with small economic losses but great damage to the plaintiff ’s quality of life . ”
Women were big losers , possibly because their claims often result from obstetrics and gynecology procedures that affect fertility or sexual lifestyle , conditions which are n’t amenable to economic analysis .
Such patients find it hard to even bring cases , for lawyers know the long odds of winning a judgment big enough to cover costs .
Doctors and hospitals ?
Premiums in California continued to rise sharply for 10 years after MICRA .
Rates finally plateaued in the late ‘ 80s , but the reason may have been 1988 ’s Proposition 103 , which rolled back casualty insurance rates .
Advertisement
By the way , the MICRA cap is n’t indexed to inflation .
So even if $ 250,000 was the right limit in 1975 , it ’s the equivalent of only about $ 62,000 now .
MICRA ’s big winners are insurers .
The average loss ratio for California malpractice carriers last year -- the portion of their premiums they paid out or reserved for claims -- was 16.43 % , according to the state Department of Insurance .
In other words , they paid out less than 17 cents of every dollar they took in .
How great a business is malpractice insurance nationwide ?
At American Physicians Capital ( an insurer active in the Midwest ) , claims were falling so fast in 2007 that its chief executive publicly compared his underemployed claims managers to “ the Maytag repairman . ”
The next time you find yourself nodding in assent while some politician carries on about tort reform , remember that its benefits will go to characters like this .
That does n’t mean that no changes are needed , only that there are many ways to counter defensive medicine and the costs and inequities of the U.S. litigation system without shutting the courtroom door to malpractice cases .
Advertisement
Clearer professional guidelines for diagnostic imaging would give doctors legal cover for skipping an MRI or CAT scan that is n’t clinically indicated .
Creating special courts or appointing judges to specialize in malpractice cases would help deserving victims get compensated without the grotesque overhead of full - scale trials .
So would a “ no - fault ” system to compensate those with medical injuries regardless of their source , paired with an objective process for disciplining error - prone doctors or hospitals .
Some of these options are being tried around the country , and are promising .
But none of them has the pizazz of railing about lawyers and “ frivolous ” lawsuits .
--
Michael Hiltzik ’s column appears Mondays and Thursdays .
Advertisement
Reach him at michael.hiltzik@latimes.com , read him at www.latimes.com/hiltzik, and follow @latimeshiltzik on Twitter .
BALLSTON SPA — The Saratoga County Sheriff 's Department arrested one of its own Wednesday after a woman accused a deputy of forcing her into a sexual act with him .
Donald A. Harder III , 28 , of Hadley , was on duty and responding to a call to assist with a civil matter on Shields Road in Edinburg when he began chatting with a 27 - year - old acquaintance at the scene , Sheriff James Bowen said .
Bowen was not specific about the nature of the alleged sex act , but said the victim was in the passenger seat of Harder 's patrol car when it occurred .
Harder was charged with committing a criminal sex act in the first degree .
If convicted , he could face up to 25 years in prison .
Harder was arraigned before Corinth Town Justice Ambrose Clothier and pleaded not guilty .
He was sent to jail on $ 25,000 cash bail or a $ 50,000 bond .
Wednesday afternoon , Bowen said Harder had not made bail .
Harder has been suspended without pay until the matter is resolved .
Harder was hired in August 2006 and had served without incident until this matter , Bowen said .
He is married and has three children .
" It tears my heart out , " Bowen said at a news conference with District Attorney James Murphy at the county jail .
" I feel bad for his wife , but we have jobs to do . "
Bowen said the last time he had to arrest one of his own staff was several years ago , when a lieutenant was charged in a domestic violence case involving his wife .
Bowen said the Harder case is worse .
Murphy said the State Police forensic unit was called in to examine Harder 's patrol car for evidence .
When the investigation is completed , the case will be presented to a grand jury , he said .
While forcible compulsion is part of the charge of criminal sex act , neither Murphy nor Bowen would specify what Harder did to coerce the victim .
" She felt she had to commit the act , " Bowen said .
Harder 's defense attorney , Todd Morrow of Corinth , could not be reached for comment .
GREENSBORO , N.C. - Authorities say a 44 - year - old North Carolina man spent a week in jail because he has the same name as a suspect 23 years younger .
The News & Record of Greensboro reported Saturday that Jesse Ray Hardy Jr. of Greenville was arrested Monday , then taken to jail 160 miles away to face charges of resisting an officer , breaking and entering and failing to yield to a pedestrian .
Court officials say the real suspect shares the same name and hometown , but is not related .
The mix - up was n't realized until Friday , despite court appearances in both Pitt and Guilford counties .
Judge Susan Bray apologized to Hardy as she worked to get him released .
But he did n't have a way home .
Bray , prosecutors , defense attorneys and bailiffs collected $ 58 to buy Hardy lunch and a bus ticket back home .
Home
We Love Electricity
Welcome to Circuits
At Home , your source for information on all manner of home electrical equipment , from wiring to light fixtures , and from security cameras to video gear .
Whether you need to light up a room , fill it with sound , or secure your perimeter – we have you covered .
Circuits
At home offers general information on how different types of home electronics operate , so that you understand the advantages of different technologies .
And we provide detailed gear reviews and comparisons , so that you can make an informed decision when you decide to purchase .
Lighting
Lights play a number of critical roles in any home .
Interior lighting is a necessity if you hope to do anything productive at home in the evenings .
And some areas of your home without natural light – like closets and bathrooms – require lighting 24×7 in order to be useful .
Be sure to check out our list of garage lighting to make sure your workspace is always properly lit , and our roundup of solar powered motion security lights to help keep your property safe and protected .
Solar deck lights , solar gutter lights , and solar lamp posts will also help illuminate your property .
But lights also play a part in the decoration of your home .
Everything from accent lighting to highlight pieces of art , blacklights and pool lights that set a party tone , to billiard table lights that bring the man cave together are vital parts of how your home looks and feels .
Lighting on the outside of your home is just as important as on the inside .
Using solar path lights will help illuminate your pathways at night , solar outdoor spotlights provide security , while solar flagpole lights will do the same for flags .
Lighting can also be festive .
For example , in December many houses compete to have the most extensive display of solar Christmas lights in their neighborhood .
Lighting draws your attention , it sets the mood , and it can make the difference between a house and a home .
That is why we spend a lot of time covering various types of lighting fixtures and bulbs here .
We want to make sure you know about the latest lighting gear and how it can impact your everyday life .
Of course , it is n’t lighting that uses electricity – other household items like large room electric space heaters , window air conditioners , and wet and dry vacuum cleaners for home also pull their fair share of watts .
Other appliances like electric tankless water heaters , portable ice makers , undercounter ice makers and garbage disposals require a solid home electrical system as well .
And do n’t forget the garage – your electric lawn mower and other power tools all are hungry for electricity .
Wiring
While there are exciting wireless technologies available – from WiFi to Bluetooth – the reality is there are still a lot of wires and cables necessary for the average home .
Wireless phone chargers now exist , but all they eliminate are the wire to your phone .
Those chargers still need to plug into an electrical outlet to provide any juice .
The same goes for all manner of devices , from electric toasters to energy efficient space heaters – they all require proper wiring to provide electricity .
Audio cables are still very much alive and well in most homes , as many devices require a physical connection between source and speaker .
That goes for outside the home too – some outdoor speakers are hard - wired rather than wireless .
The same goes for network and video cables .
Ethernet cables are still run in many homes , along with coaxial cable and HDMI cables to sent Internet and video signals to the proper devices .
Devices outside your home need cables too .
Video surveillance systems often run a hard line back inside your house .
And many accent light systems need the right wiring – often underground – to bring power to external illumination .
And for times that you need to temporarily extend power beyond your home or garage you might try a retractable extension cord reel .
Though the name does n’t indicate it , wireless dog fences also require outdoor wiring to keep Fido in the yard .
Some devices may not need to be wired directly into the grid because they are powered by the sun .
Solar powered devices not only save on your electric bill , they save the environment too .
Many devices around the home can be solar - powered .
For an example , check out our list of solar attic fans , or even solar powered pool heaters .
But solar technology can be used for more than just the home .
Also , RV solar kits can power up all of the appliances in a recreational vehicle and take you off the grid .
All of those reasons are why we still write about the many wiring and cabling needs people face in their homes .
Electronics
The modern home is literally filled with electronic devices .
Of course we all use portable electronics – laptops , tablets , smartphones , solar atomic watches , cameras , and even LED lights for photography and video .
But there are many more electronic devices scattered around most homes .
For example , check out this list of wifi thermometers .
The kitchen is often ground zero for electronics , with everything from large appliances like refrigerators , microwave ovens , and electric smokers down to smaller items such as mixers and grinders .
Everyone is busy these days , so modern electrical devices are brought into our homes to save us precious time doing mundane tasks .
For example , electric fireplaces will save time chopping wood for a traditional fireplace , electric mops will clean up spills faster , and electric snow blowers will save time on shoveling snow .
Entertainment is the primary use for all that time we save with kitchen electronics , so we need more electronic devices to help us relax and amuse ourselves .
We have flat screen televisions , streaming media players , video game systems , and high quality audio systems to give us the sights and sounds that we love .
For those of us that still have old tapes , a VHS to DVD converter may even be present .
To charge these we need power , so we may use things like solar generators , wall outlets , or solar chargers .
At work , electronics are often used to make our jobs easier .
For example , delivery drivers may need bluetooth headsets for truckers .
Computing is another big source of electronics , with things like routers , network attached storage options , printers , scanners , and more now commonly found in homes around the world .
These electronic devices are critical to help us learn , work , and communicate with the rest of the world from the comfort of our own homes .
And electronics can even help keep your home safe – like electronic door locks that can give you key - less access to your home .
And all of them need to attached to the Internet to reach their full potential .
So every home needs wireless access points , routers , and WiFi extenders for home to ensure your entire property has coverage .
And do n’t forget to protect your network with firewalls for home use .
As well , all of these devices need to be maintained , so make sure you have a mechanic tool set and multimeter to monitor voltage in these electronics .
Jamie Carragher has announced he will retire at the end of the season , bringing an end to a career spent entirely at Liverpool
One club men are a rare breed in modern football , but here we pay homage to the players who topped 500 games - and never played for another club .
Click here or click ' VIEW GALLERY ' to launch our guide .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The best league in the world is back .
Join
The Independent for an online event , as our panel discusses the most uncertain start to a season in Premier League history .
Click here to find out more and book your free ticket today .
Sloths are one of my all time favorite animals !
Just look at these smilin ’ buddies 🙂
The atheist movement has so many important tasks to accomplish that some level of organization is essential .
We need to better utilize our numbers and reduce redundant effort , much of which may be wasted .
How can we take the atheist movement to the next level , improving our organization to better utilize our numbers , without erecting the sort of centralized hierarchy which so many atheists oppose ?
I think the trick is that we need not one atheist organization but several , each with a different but complementary mission .
And for this to be maximally effective , we need to limit the amount of redundancy .
For example , we need at least a few active atheist think tanks , but I am not sure we need 20 or 30 of them .
We need a network for informing and mobilizing activists , but we do not need several ( at least not if we want to begin to effectively utilize our numbers ) .
In response to the inevitable question about why we should even consider improving our organization , I 'll offer the following :
Many atheists fear that improving our organization means a loss of freedom , but this is not necessarily so .
The goal is not - and should not be - the development of a single organization to " govern " all atheists .
The American Atheists model is not what we need .
Rather , I envision a system laid out something like a wheel .
Each spoke represents an organization ( or small coalition of organizations ) working toward a common goal .
The hub of the wheel is merely a point of coordination among all the spokes .
I realize that some are so determined to interpret any form of organization as a threat to their autonomy .
I find this unfortunate because it severely limits what the atheist movement can accomplish .
We are far stronger when we come together than when we refuse to affiliate .
Some of the necessary spokes are already in place and functioning quite well .
For example , the Freedom From Religion Foundation and Americans United for Separation of Church and State do an impressive job of working to protect the separation of church and state .
We probably do n't need additional groups focused on this task as much as we need to strengthen those that already do it so well .
We also have some great options in terms of community - building and social networking in the form of Atheist Nexus Think Atheist , and others .
We do not need more of these as much as we need to strengthen those already functioning well .
Other necessary spokes are virtually absent and represent opportunities for creative individuals or groups to make a significant impact .
Atheist think tanks come to mind as something we need but do not currently have , at least not to the level we need .
Another example might be a system for disseminating information about instances of anti-atheist bigotry and facilitating rapid responses from the atheist community .
I am sure you cant think of a few others .
What about the state and local atheist groups ?
How do they fit in ?
They are perhaps the most vital of all because they reflect the true grassroots .
They are a critical part of the wheel too .
But like the other parts , they would benefit from increased communication and coordination .
Imagine a local atheist group in Nevada doing some wonderful things .
Unless their story is picked up and accurately portrayed in the right form of media , atheists in Montana may never hear of it .
Moreover , some of what has been so successful in Nevada may be just what the Montana atheists are seeking .
Imagine how much more effective state and local efforts might be if there was improved communication among the many groups .
Groups would remain autonomous but could at least hear what is working or not working elsewhere .
I suggested that we create an atheist organization to inform and mobilize ourselves modeled after MoveOn.org .
Such an organization would be merely another spoke in the wheel .
It would serve a vital function which is now being shared by a number of groups that are spread too thin as a function of their much broader missions .
By giving our atheist version of MoveOn.org a comparatively narrow focus , we would be able to devote all our work to a smaller set of goals .
Since writing this post , I have rediscovered the Secular Coalition for America and realized that they are already serving at least some of the MoveOn - like function I previously described .
Perhaps it would make more sense to strengthen them instead of creating yet another group .
“ This opinion is hostile to the notion of MERS as nominee and could lead to problems for it in foreclosing .
The entire structure of MERS as a recorded nominee could collapse in Kansas , and that could lead to a patch - up job where they would have to run around and re-record the mortgages . ”
- Patrick A. Randolph , a law professor at the University of Missouri , Kansas City
>
Talk about burying the lead : Gretchen Morgenson does a nice job today explaining the MERS situation , tho the best stuff in the article is at the end .
The quote above is literally the 2nd to last paragraph in the column .
The following excerpt is also buried :
“ For centuries , when a property changed hands , the transaction was submitted to county clerks who recorded it and filed it away .
These records ensured that the history of a property ’s ownership was complete and that the priority of multiple liens placed on the property — a mortgage and a home equity loan , for example — was accurate .
During the mortgage lending spree , however , home loans changed hands constantly .
Those that ended up packaged inside of mortgage pools , for instance , were often involved in a dizzying series of transactions .
To avoid the costs and complexity of tracking all these exchanges , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and the mortgage industry set up MERS to record loan assignments electronically .
This company did n’t own the mortgages it registered , but it was listed in public records either as a nominee for the actual owner of the note or as the original mortgage holder . . .
As long as real estate prices rose , this system ran smoothly .
When that trajectory stopped , however , foreclosures brought against delinquent borrowers began flooding the nation ’s courts .
MERS filed many of them . . .
As cases filed by MERS grew , lawyers representing troubled borrowers began questioning how an electronic registry with no ownership claims had the right to evict people .
April Charney , a consumer lawyer at Jacksonville Area Legal Aid in Florida , was among the first to argue that MERS , which did n’t own the note or the mortgage , could not move against a borrower .
Initially , judges rejected those arguments and allowed MERS foreclosures to proceed .
Recently , however , MERS has begun losing some cases , and the Kansas ruling is a pivotal loss , experts say .
While the matter before the Kansas Supreme Court did n’t involve an action that MERS took against a borrower , the registry ’s legal standing is still central to the ruling . ”
That ’s a nice explaination for the layperson .
>
Previously :
Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Loses Legal Shield ( September 23rd , 2009 )
http://www.ritholtz.com/blog/2009/09/mortgage-electronic-registration-systems-loses-legal-shield/
Source :
The Mortgage Machine Backfires
Gretchen Morgenson
NYT , September 26 , 2009
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/09/27/business/27gret.html
Car Bumper Stickers
Whether you intend to spread humor , support a certain group or movement , promote a political / fundraising campaign or broadcast a message of free thought publicly , printed bumper stickers are the archetypal tools that help you say what ’s on your mind .
They let you promote your message among the fellow motorists .
A car with promotional bumper stickers can be best described as a car on a mission .
Professionals also call them as moving billboards since they spread your message to an unlimited audience on the move .
Being a business professional , you can also use bumper stickers for rewarding your regular customers .
Your loyal customers will proudly place them on their cars and will ultimately become a tool of business promotion for you .
They can be printed with your business logo , name or website address along with inspirational words that actually compel your customers to place them on their cars .
Whether your business operates within a smaller community or addresses a broad spectrum of customers , the bumper stickers for cars can get you a great return on investment .
Cost efficiency is one major reason why these stickers are widely preferred by business professionals .
At Printingblue we also ensure that your pockets are never left empty .
We have an assorted range of creative and appealing bumper stickers that will grab the attention of public on the road .
Printingblue gives you the choice of choosing your own shapes , colours , sizes and designs for all your bumper sticker printing orders .
We give you the value for money since each of the printing order is processed on priority basis .
The pricing and service we offer is worth the try .
So why wait more ?
Steve Jobs " appeared thin and spoke with a scratchy voice " on his return from medical leave , the Wall Street Journal reported Thursday .
Apparently we had no idea !
We 're guessing that whoever arranged to place an ad for Halloween skeletons next to a picture of Apple 's famously a gaunt CEO ( click above image to enlarge ) is already fired , or perhaps just severely spanked .
Still , good luck getting Jobs to return to speak at your next lucrative D conference , Journal guys !
( Maybe if you promise him it wo n't be a bare - bones affair ... )
Hat -tip to iPhone Savior , which first posted this .
PDF via WSJ.com .
An independent inquiry has been announced after the revealed today that an elderly man is being treated for a life - threatening infection contacted when he was allegedly left on a bedpan for up to five days in a Sydney hospital .
The acting NSW Health Minister , John Hatzistergos , this morning referred the incident to the Health Care Complaints Commission , describing it as " deeply disturbing " .
He said action would be taken if the allegations were found to be true .
The man , 80 , from Gladesville , was forced to undergo two bouts of surgery after the green pan became embedded in his skin , causing massive ulcers on both buttocks and leaving him with a hole at the base of his spine big enough to fit two fists .
" Pittsburgh is what a police state looks like ! "
I have been to dozens of protests , large and small , since my son was killed in Iraq , but I have never seen anything like today and the only term I can use is : Profound Overkill .
There were easily two cops / soldiers for every one of us protesters " or maybe even 3 to 1 .
About two thousand of us gathered in Arsenal Park in Pittsburgh to try and march downtown .
We were all peaceful and had no weapons .
We had only traveled a few blocks when cops dressed like they were in full combat with heavily armed opponents stopped us and blocked our way with a new weapon called " LRAD : " A new " crowd control " device .
LRAD stands for : " Long Range Acoustical Device . "
I was , unfortunately near it when the cops turned it on .
It 's painful .
The group dispersed and went in many different directions .
Some of us got to a corner a few blocks up from where we were initially stopped and I am not kidding , at least 500 cops were stopped in formation at this intersection with their gas masks on and nightsticks at the ready to crack the head of anyone who actually tried to peacefully cross their lines " unarmed , of course .
I spoke to dozens of cops today and tried to explain to them that we peaceful protesters are only trying to exercise our 1st Amendment rights and the cops should be protecting us , members of their own class , and not suppressing our freedoms and actually physically hurting us .
There was absolutely no reason for the over - reaction of the police state to the protesters today .
Do not believe the news propaganda that says the protesters were the cause of the violence " it was the cops .
The thugs even dropped tear gas from helicopters .
We 're like ants trying to struggle against anteaters .
Seeing the National Guard troops , fresh from Iraq , broke my heart the hardest .
I also talked to dozens of them , none had ever heard of posse commitatus , and asked them if my son , their brother , died in Iraq so they could steal the rights of his mother .
Most of them would n't even look at me .
The cops and soldiers should be ashamed of themselves for allowing their selves to be used as tools of the Robber Class " elites . "
" Just following orders " is not a defense .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Demon ’s
Souls the an action RPG developed by From Software and soon to be published by Atlus .
Alongside the retail game launch a Deluxe Edition will be available , priced around $ 70 .
Atlus has revealed the details for this special edition that should have any RPG fan salivating .
Demon ’s Souls is an Action RPG is being developed exclusively for the PS3 .
It is scheduled to be released on October 6th .
Pre-orders are available now from the following vendors : Amazon , GameStop , EB Games , Game Crazy , Buy.com , GoGamer.com , Play n Trade and Video Games Plus .
Players assume the role of a faceless hero who is fighting to save his kingdom .
Customizations will feature the hero ’s name , gender , hair style and other characteristics .
Demons
Souls offers a unique three player online co-op system .
Players can invite their friends to join their game in “ soul form ” and fight alongside them .
Does this look like a Special Edition you are likely to pick up ?
AS anyone who has seen the box - office phenomenon “ Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince ” surely noticed , the movie ’s main characters have grown up .
And so has its audience : many of those who are streaming to theaters are in their 20s .
The sixth film in the series was released almost a dozen years after the book that started it all : “ Harry Potter and the Sorcerer ’s Stone . ”
The generation that ignited Pottermania as preadolescent readers is approaching college graduation or entering the workplace , and they have kept alive this flame of their early adolescence .
Indie rock bands have sprung up inspired by their obsession , with names like Harry and the Potters , the Half Bloods , and Voldie and the Wiz Kidz , playing songs inspired by Potter lore .
( CNN ) --
Investigators found the remains of a woman they assume is missing Yale graduate student Annie Le , a senior police official said Sunday .
Annie Le , 24 , has not been seen by family , friends or co-workers since Tuesday , police say .
The remains were found inside a wall at 10 Amistad Street , said Peter Reichard , New Haven , Connecticut , assistant police chief .
" She has n't been positively identified , however , we are assuming that it is her at this time so we are treating it as a homicide investigation , " Reichard said .
Le was last seen on a Yale security camera entering the Amistad medical research building at about 10 a.m. on Tuesday .
Authorities have not found images of her leaving the building .
Watch what is next in student death »
Investigators said they had spoken with students and others in the building who confirmed she was there .
Police discovered the body in the basement Sunday afternoon , said Yale University President Richard Levin in a statement to the campus community .
Police plan to work through the night to remove the unidentified body , which is still in the wall , police spokesman Joe Avery told CNN .
Nancy Grace
See the latest on the investigation in the Annie Le case on tonight 's Nancy Grace
HLN 8 pm ET see full schedule »
Le , 24 , was to be married Sunday in Long Island , New York .
Her fiance , Jonathan Widawsky , is a graduate student at Columbia University in New York .
" Our hearts go out to Annie Le 's family , fiancé and friends , who must suffer the additional ordeal of waiting for the body to be identified , " Levin said .
" I have met again with her family and conveyed to them the deeply felt support of the Yale community . "
Investigators probing the disappearance of the pharmacology student earlier were testing bloody clothes found hidden in ceiling tiles in the Yale building , a law enforcement source told CNN .
The bloody clothes are among the potential evidence being tested .
William Reiner of the FBI 's New Haven office said Sunday that investigators are searching a waste facility that normally handles garbage from the Yale lab .
He described it as a routine step .
" In a situation like this , it 's common for us to follow the trash , " Reiner said .
The search was taking place at the Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority landfill in Hartford , near New Haven .
CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .
All About Yale University School of Medicine • New Haven • Federal Bureau of Investigation
The funeral of Stephen Gately has not yet taken place .
The man has n't been buried yet .
Nevertheless , Jan Moir of the Daily Mail has already managed to dance on his grave .
For money .
It has been 20 minutes since I 've read her now - notorious column , and I 'm still struggling to absorb the sheer scope of its hateful idiocy .
It 's like gazing through a horrid little window into an awesome universe of pure blockheaded spite .
Spiralling galaxies of ignorance roll majestically against a backdrop of what looks like dark prejudice , dotted hither and thither with winking stars of snide innuendo .
On the Mail website , it was headlined : " Why there was nothing ' natural ' about Stephen Gately 's death . "
Since the official postmortem clearly ascribed the singer 's death to natural causes , that headline contains a fairly bold claim .
Still , who am I to judge ?
I 'm no expert when it comes to interpreting autopsy findings , unlike Moir .
Presumably she 's a leading expert in forensic science , paid huge sums of money to fly around the world lecturing coroners on her latest findings .
Or maybe she just wants to gay - bash a dead man ?
Tragically , the only way to find out is to read the rest of her article .
She begins by jabbering a bit about untimely celebrity deaths , especially those whose lives are " shadowed by dark appetites or fractured by private vice " .
Not just Heath Ledger and Michael Jackson .
No : she 's eagerly looking forward to other premature snuffings .
" Robbie , Amy , Kate , Whitney , Britney ; we all know who they are .
And we are not being ghoulish to anticipate , or to be mentally braced for , their bad end : a long night , a mysterious stranger , an odd set of circumstances that herald a sudden death . "
Fair enough .
I 'm sure we all agree there 's nothing " ghoulish " whatsoever about eagerly imagining the hypothetical death of someone you 've marked out as a potential cadaver on account of your ill - informed presumptions about their lifestyle .
All she 's doing is running a detailed celebrity - death sweepstake in her head .
That 's not ghoulish , that 's fun .
For my part , I 've just put a tenner on Moir choking to death on her own bile by the year 2012 .
See ?
Fun !
Having casually prophesied the death of Robbie Williams and co , Moir moves on to her main point : that Gately 's death strikes her as a bit fishy . . .
" All the official reports point to a natural death , with no suspicious circumstances . . .
But , hang on a minute .
Something is terribly wrong with the way this incident has been shaped and spun into nothing more than an unfortunate mishap on a holiday weekend , like a broken teacup in the rented cottage . "
That 's odd .
I do n't recall anyone equating the death with " an unfortunate mishap on a holiday weekend " .
I was only aware of shocked expressions of grief from those who knew or admired him , people who'd probably be moved to tears by Moir likening the tragedy to " a broken teacup in the rented cottage " .
But never mind that – " shaped and spun " by whom , precisely ?
The coroner ?
Incredibly , yes .
Moir genuinely believes the coroner got it wrong : " Healthy and fit 33 - year - old men do not just climb into their pyjamas and go to sleep on the sofa , never to wake up again .
Whatever the cause of death is , it is not , by any yardstick , a natural one . "
At this point , I dare to challenge the renowned international forensic pathologist Jan Moir , because I personally know of two other men ( one in his 20s , one in his early 30s ) , who died in precisely this way .
According to the charity Cardiac Risk in the Young ( c-r-y.org.uk ) , " Twelve apparently fit and healthy young people die in the UK from undiagnosed heart conditions " every single week .
That 's a lot of broken teacups , eh Jan ?
Still , if his death was n't natural " by any yardstick " , what did kill him ?
Moir knows : it was his lifestyle .
Because Gately was , y' know . . . homosexual .
Having lanced this boil , Moir lets the pus drip out all over her fingers as she continues to type :
" The circumstances surrounding his death are more than a little sleazy , " she declares .
" Cowles and Gately took a young Bulgarian man back to their apartment .
It is not disrespectful to assume that a game of canasta . . . was not what was on the cards . . .
What happened afterwards is anyone 's guess . "
Do n't hold back , Jan .
Have a guess .
Draw us a picture .
You specialise in celebrity death fantasies , after all .
" His mother is still insisting that her son died from a previously undetected heart condition that has plagued the family . "
Yes .
That poor , blinkered woman , " insisting " in the face of official medical evidence that absolutely agrees with her .
Anyway , having cast aspersions over a tragic death , doubted a coroner and insulted a grieving mother , Moir 's piece builds to its climax : " Another real sadness about Gately 's death is that it strikes another blow to the happy - ever - after myth of civil partnerships .
. .
Gay activists are always calling for tolerance and understanding about same - sex relationships , arguing that they are just the same as heterosexual marriages . . . in many cases this may be true .
Yet the recent death of Kevin McGee , the former husband of Little Britain star Matt Lucas , and now the dubious events of Gately 's last night raise troubling questions about what happened . "
Way to spread the pain around , Jan .
Way to link two unrelated tragedies , Jan .
Way to gay - bash , Jan .
Jan 's paper , the Daily Mail , absolutely adores it when people flock to Ofcom to complain about something offensive , especially when it 's something they 've only learned about second - hand via an inflammatory article in a newspaper .
So it would undoubtedly be delighted if , having read this , you paid a visit to the Press Complaints Commission website ( www.pcc.org.uk) to lodge a complaint about Moir 's article on the basis that it breaches sections 1 , 5 and 12 of its code of practice .
The young man named Anton is a member of Russia ’s “ lost generation . ”
He ’s the son of middle - class , college - educated engineers ; he studied at a good university and became a truck sales manager in Moscow .
He ’s also a 28 - year - old heroin addict .
In the years since the U.S. - led invasion of Afghanistan triggered a sharp increase in poppy cultivation , Russia has been flooded with heroin .
The drug has crept along a trail stretching from Afghanistan through Tajikistan and other Central Asian nations and over the Russian border , turning this country into the world ’s top consumer of heroin , the government says .
The drug has spread like fire through a country uniquely unqualified to cope with its dangers : Narcotics were largely absent during Soviet times , and most people are still unaware of the risk of heroin addiction , even as an estimated 83 Russians a day die by overdosing on the drug , government figures show .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a catastrophe for us .
We were completely unprepared for this turn of events , ” says Evgeny Bryun , Moscow ’s chief drug addiction specialist .
“ We have our own lost generation . ”
The transition from a Soviet state largely free from heroin to a booming nation awash in the drug has been painful and dark , marked by widespread public ignorance of the risks and symptoms of addiction , lingering shame and stigma , and muddled government efforts at treatment .
Methadone , which is widely used in the West to wean people off heroin , is illegal in Russia , and rehabilitation programs are unavailable in many parts of the country .
In 2007 , Human Rights Watch concluded that the treatment at state drug clinics was “ so poor as to constitute a violation of the right to health . ”
Meanwhile , at private clinics , all manner of experimental treatments -- including shock therapy and the removal of parts of the brain -- are in vogue .
In Bryun ’s government - run clinic , addicts take turns sleeping hooked up to machines that send gentle electrical impulses through their brains , or lying encased in a full - body relaxation therapy machine .
Advertisement
Heroin has also emerged as a thorn in U.S. - Russian relations , as officials in Moscow have grown increasingly angry over what they describe as American indifference to the booming heroin trade .
On the margins of the grinding war in Afghanistan , U.S. efforts to eradicate poppy fields -- and to come up with persuasive incentives to wean farmers from the crop -- have remained largely ineffective for years .
In a nod of cooperation to the Obama administration , Russia recently agreed to allow cargo planes carrying U.S. troops and weapons to pass through the country en route to Afghanistan .
But at the same time , it ’s lobbying noisily for tougher crackdowns on the cultivation of opium poppies , which are used in the production of heroin .
Early this month , President Dmitry Medvedev called rampant heroin addiction “ a threat to the country ’s national security . ”
Russia has called on the United Nations to link the foreign troop presence in Afghanistan to an obligation to destroy poppy plantations .
Advertisement
“ The question is , why is this happening in front of the coalition troops ’ eyes ? ” Russian drug czar Viktor Ivanov said this year .
In remarks to the State Duma , Russia ’s lower house of parliament , Ivanov called Afghanistan “ our soft , low underbelly ” and compared the “ tsunami ” of heroin into Russia to China ’s opium wars .
The link between Afghanistan and drugs is nothing new to the Kremlin .
Some of Russia ’s first heroin addicts were soldiers who got hooked during the disastrous 1980s Soviet military campaign in Afghanistan .
But with overdoses now gripping the country , Moscow appears to be running out of patience , and eager to throw much of the blame overseas .
“ If the situation in Afghanistan is not reversed , we will have a drug addict in every family in five or 10 years , ” Ivanov said .
“ This is not a fantasy .
This is a real forecast . ”
After a boom that reached its peak in 2007 , Afghan opium production dropped by 10 % last year , according to U.N. figures .
But in Russia , some fear it may be too late .
Addiction is already eating away at the country , especially among the young .
And officials say heroin use is still rising .
Advertisement
Anton is fighting the drug now ; he ’s trying to stay clean .
It left scars on his skin and his soul , and now he sits in a barren room with all the other young , middle - class , shellshocked junkies , trying to pick his way from one day to the next in a private rehab center tucked among the scrubby hills outside Moscow .
“ The general notion is that a drug addict is badly dressed , begging on the street , ” he says .
“ But there are so many people you ca n’t even suspect of taking drugs . ”
The patients at this center , called the Land of the Living , are all 19 to 34 .
They are men and women , grown children of families who can afford as much as $ 1,000 a month for the private treatment facility , where they sleep stacked together in big , dormitory - style rooms and pin stars onto posters to represent their ascent to health .
Today they are sitting in a circle and arguing about whether a skinny , mousy - haired young woman and a dark - eyed man should be expelled from the center after having a clandestine affair .
Sexual relations are strictly prohibited .
Advertisement
The woman stares miserably at her toes .
She wants to stay in the program , she says .
“ We went too far . ”
“ Do n’t talk about the program , ” the other patients badger her .
“ Talk as a human being . ”
In the end , the group comes to a verdict :
The two can stay , but another young woman , who is accused of dragging the others down by talking about drugs and sex , has to go .
Afterward , the program director sits in her office and sighs .
Over the last five years , she says , the number of addicts has ballooned , and she began to be confronted with a new kind of junkie .
Advertisement
“ Spoiled boys and girls who are just bored with life .
Drug addiction from boredom , ” Yelena Krylova says .
“ Bribes were paid to keep them out of the army .
Bribes were paid to get them into college .
Cars were bought for them .
They get everything for free , and these are the most difficult drug addicts . ”
Anton , who does n’t want his last name printed for fear of damage to his reputation , agrees .
“ I saw rich people who had something going for them , who had families .
I saw lonely people .
I knew a 9 - year - old who took drugs with his father , ” he says .
“ I ca n’t think what they had in common , except for one day they just tried it . ”
He himself grew obsessed with heroin , waking up and clinging to the walls as he crept to the bathroom , and winning release from police custody through bribes by his parents .
“ I turned into an insensitive animal , ” he says .
Advertisement
Statistically , his chances of staying sober are relatively small .
State addiction counselors say that nearly nine out of 10 heroin addicts are back on the needle within a year of leaving rehab .
They will have to lie , to cover up their time in rehab , because the stigma of drug use in Russia is so high .
“ The drug addict is feared and loathed .
People here like alcoholics but they do n’t like drug addicts , ” Bryun says .
“ So the addict feels like a pariah and has no reason to get healthy . ”
--
Advertisement
megan.stack@latimes.com
From Doug Burlison , Libertarian city councilmember in Springfield , Missouri :
On September 8 , at my urging , our City Council ( of which I am a member ) repealed a local ordinance that prohibited homosexuals from " soliciting " each other .
In other words , it was O.K. to put the " heterosexual moves " on a member of the opposite sex , but if you ’re gay , any talk about sex could ’ve invited punitive measures … until now .
The measure was added to some other items which were repealed as a package , it was basically a legal " housekeeping " ordinance .
It was a unanimous vote by all councilmembers in attendance .
Afterwards , it seemed to be a rather subdued reaction .
This issue was not of the highest profile , whereas we are intently working on solving the underfunded status of our Police and Fire Pension System .
Building up to the vote , however , we received quite a few e-mail messages pro and con .
The quantity of the " pro " messages exceeded both the quantity and the civility levels of the " con " messages , which included threats of lawsuits and future electoral failure .
Speaking for myself only , I can tell you when someone issues a threat to me , I will not respond the way that they desire .
I did receive a few congratulatory e-mails and expressions of gratitude , which helps to defray the numerous complaints that you hear in a job like this ( which is an unpaid , volunteer position , by the way ) .
This would not have been addressed if I had not initially pushed the issue .
My awareness of this ordinance came about at a local Pridefest earlier this year , when I accompanied local Libertarians who manned a booth at the event .
Across the street , several neo-nazis and white supremacists were protesting the event , with some signage that recommended death and hell for gays .
At one point , a local pastor , Dr. Roger Ray , took the stage and made a speech which highlighted and condemned the homosexual solicitation ordinance that we still had in our city code .
To hear a man of the cloth reading a portion of our city law that targeted a specific population , and that the exact language of the law was very pornographic in tone , coupled with the sounds of fascist protests in the background ; I knew what needed to be done .
Dr. Ray even handed me his copy of the ordinance so that I could reference it .
This was a great opportunity for me , in that a large part of my motivation for getting into politics was and is to fight against oppression wherever it raises its ugly head .
My libertarian background also equipped me for this particular fight as well .
In the end , I also had the support of my colleagues on the council , as was evidenced by the final vote .
Sometimes , things do work out all right .
The Sarah Jane Adventures reclaimed its status as the most fun show in the Doctor Who universe this past weekend , with a wacky story of literal - minded alien cops and evil extraterrestrial possession .
" You pay , you display ! " Spoilers below ...
Advertisement
Honestly , season two of the Sarah Jane Adventures was a bit of a letdown after the stellar season one .
There was too much evil clowns , dumb zodiac magicians , and transparent rehashes of Doctor Who 's " Father 's Day , " and not enough cool new stories about kids being forced to fight in intergalactic wars .
After the thrilling first season , it was a bit sad to see the show losing its steam so early .
But judging from the first story , " Prisoner Of The Judoon , " the Sarah Jane Adventures is back in silly , crazy — and yes , campy — form .
The story wove together a bunch of strands , including the Judoon , the dim - witted cops from the Doctor Who stories " Smith And Jones " and " The Stolen Earth . "
Plus the destructive power of gray goo , and an alien supercriminal who can possess people 's bodies .
Advertisement
We got to see Sarah Jane doing her " sassy reporter " thing , giving some much - needed attitude to a naive biotech startup that 's meddling with nanotechnology .
And then she makes the mistake of telling Rani 's parents that the biotech firm could use a nice flower garden — forgetting that Rani 's mum tends to get a bit carried away .
And when Sarah Jane gets taken over by an alien demon thingy , the Androvax / Sarah Jane decides to go back to the nanotech firm to create a new spaceship , and destroy the Earth with gray goo to cover her tracks .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
There was more fun in this one episode than in pretty much all of the show 's second season — especially the Judoon cop , who has to obey all laws , no matter what .
Who cares if this portrayal was completely at odds with the more ruthless , take - no - prisoners way the Judoon were portrayed in their first appearance ?
It was so much fun to watch the Judoon captain stomp around obeying the speed limit , enforcing noise pollution laws , and trying to observe all local regulations .
Clyde was also in top form — and it was great that the show is being more overt about treating Clyde as our main " point of view " character , what with him narrating the opening credits .
And meanwhile , Elisabeth Sladen went for " deliciously campy " with her portrayal of the possessed Sarah Jane , and then way overshot .
She left no piece of scenery unchewed , as she swaggered and vamped her way through a confrontation with her uppity supercomputer and launched her evil , world - destroying scheme .
She might have been able to cackle just a tad more , or possibly clasp her hands together and go " mwa ha ha ha , " but otherwise she pretty much had the bases covered .
And it was nice to see the show using actual science - fictional ideas in its stories , even if they were portrayed in an outrageously cartoony way .
Advertisement
My only complaint about the show , generally , is Sarah Jane 's constant nattering about the wonders of the universe , which has gone from cloying to outright obnoxious — and you'd think she'd be just a little bit concerned when flaming space debris starts crashing nearby , instead of rubbing her hands together .
All in all , though , this was a welcome return to season - one form .
The Sarah Jane Adventures is always going to be the most little - kid - friendly show in the Doctor Who universe , which means simple plots and slightly broad acting .
But as episodes like this one prove , it can be fun and genuinely entertaining , with characters we actually care about .
More like this , please .
By Richard Cohen - September 1 , 2009
Call him Ishmael .
Call him a terrorist or a suicide bomber or anything else you want , but understand that he is willing -- no , anxious -- to give his life for his cause .
Call him also a captive , and know that he works with others as part of a team , like the 9/11 hijackers , all of whom died , willingly .
Ishmael is someone I invented , but he is not a far - fetched creation .
You and I know he exists , has existed and will exist again .
He is the enemy .
Now he is in American custody .
What will happen ?
How do we get him to reveal his group 's plans and the names of his colleagues ?
It will be hard .
It will , in fact , be harder than it used to be .
He can no longer be waterboarded .
He knows this .
He can not be deprived of more than a set amount of sleep .
He can not be beaten or thrown up against even a soft wall .
He can not be threatened with shooting or even frightened by the prospect of an electric drill .
Nothing really can be threatened against his relatives -- that they will be killed or sexually abused .
He knows the new restrictions .
He knows the new limits .
He may even suggest to his interrogators that their jobs are on the line -- that the Justice Department is looking over their shoulders .
The tape is running .
Everything is being recorded .
He is willing to give up his life .
Are his interrogators willing to give up their careers ?
He laughs .
This business of what constitutes torture is a complicated matter .
It is further complicated by questions about its efficacy : Does it sometimes work ?
Does it never work ?
Is it always immoral ?
What about torture that saves lives ?
What if it saves many lives ?
What if one of those lives is your child's ?
Attorney General Eric Holder has named a special prosecutor to see whether any of the CIA 's interrogators broke the law .
Special prosecutors are often themselves like interrogators -- they do n't know when to stop .
They go on and on because , well , they can go on and on .
One of them managed to put Judith Miller of The New York Times in jail -- a wee bit of torture right there .
No CIA interrogator can feel safe .
The interrogators are about to be interrogated .
No one can possibly believe that America is now safer because of the new restrictions on enhanced interrogation and the subsequent appointment of a special prosecutor .
The captured terrorist of my fertile imagination , assuming he had access to an Internet cafe , knows about the special prosecutor .
He knows his interrogator is under scrutiny .
What person under those circumstances is going to spill his beans ?
Ah yes , the interrogator must build rapport with the captured terrorist .
That might work , but it would take time .
It could take a lot of time .
Building rapport is clearly the preferred method , but the terrorist is going to know all about it .
He will bide his time .
How much time do we have ?
The CIA inspector general 's report on the quite brutal interrogation of Khalid Sheik Mohammed , the so - called 9/11 mastermind , suggests he only turned cooperative when he was repeatedly waterboarded , and that the information he provided saved lives .
Yet so much was redacted from the report that it is not clear that this is unambiguously the case .
Maybe no lives were saved .
Maybe Mohammed was waterboarded more than 100 times for nothing .
It is an appalling possibility .
I am , as you can see , full of questions .
I have , as you can see , few answers .
I am torn between my desire for absolute security and my abhorrence of torture .
The one thing I know is that ideology does not provide an answer .
For me , it settles nothing because Dick Cheney supported enhanced interrogation and Cheney was wrong and deceitful on the war .
It settles nothing because Cheney defined torture as something so extreme that almost anything less than , say , the rack is permissible interrogation .
The issue is not Cheney .
The issue is the issue .
The question of what constitutes torture and what to do with those who , maybe innocently , applied what we now define as torture has to be removed from the political sphere .
It can not be the subject of an ideological tug of war , both sides taking extreme and illogical positions -- torture never works , torture always works , torture is always immoral , torture is moral if it saves lives .
Torture always is ugly .
So , though , is the hole in the ground where the World Trade Center once stood .
Nor are our politicians standing up to the threat .
When Quilliam 's researchers revealed that Abu Qatada , " al - Qaeda 's ambassador to Europe " , was smuggling propaganda letters from inside a British prison , the then justice minister turned up on the BBC to dismiss our findings and say such work was " unhelpful " .
Boris Johnson recently called for greater understanding and tolerance of Islam at the East London Mosque – the same place where I and many others were introduced to radical Islamist ideology , and whose Saudi - trained imam is a signatory to a document that many say calls for attacks on the Royal Navy .
Cubit
an approximate matching
peer - to - peer overlay
What is it ?
Cubit is a system that provides fully decentralized approximate keyword search capabilities to Azureus as a standard plugin .
Approximate search means that you can use Cubit to find a movie , song or artist even if you do n't know which spelling variation is used in the title or in her name .
It gives you what you mean instead of what you asked for exactly , and returns the best results in the network in only a few seconds .
How does it work ?
Cubit creates alongside BitTorrent a lightweight peer - to - peer network designed from the ground up to enable rapid and accurate approximate searches .
It performs the searches without relying on any centralized components , and therefore is immune to legal and technical attacks targeting torrent aggregators .
Additional technical details can be found in the approach section .
A9.com , Inc. [ 3]
AbeBooksAmazon AirAlexa InternetAmazon BooksAmazon Game StudiosAmazon Lab126Amazon Logistics , Inc . [ 3]
Amazon PublishingAmazon RoboticsAmazon.com
Services , Inc . [ 3]
Amazon StudiosAmazon Web Services , Inc . [ 3]
Audible Inc.Body LabsBook DepositoryDigital Photography ReviewGoodreadsGraphiqIMDbRingSouq.comTwitch.tvWhole Foods Market [ 4]
WootZappos
When it comes to which shopping holiday will save you more — Black Friday vs. Cyber Monday — for years , Black Friday dominated , a tried and true tradition for many deal - saavy families .
However , as retailers have rolled out sales on Thanksgiving ( and even earlier ) and more people have gravitated to online shopping , Cyber Monday has become a big draw for those who want to forgo the early wake - up call and long lines , and shop from the comfort of their couch .
To help you save time while shopping , Amazon offers 1 - Click ordering when you first place an order and enter your shipping and payment information .
This feature lets you click “ Buy now with 1 - Click ” on any product page to instantly order that item using your saved shipping and payment information .
With 1 - Click ordering , you wo n't have to go through pages of payment and shipping options separately anymore — and when you 're trying to get the best Cyber Monday deals , every second counts .
Our jam - packed As Seen on TV web store is an excellent destination for anyone looking for all - time infomercial classics — Flex Seal , Topsy Turvy , Tac Glasses , Rocky Mountain Tumbler , Power Air Fryer and much more — as well as unique and novel products that you did n’t even know you needed !
Some of our most popular items in this category are As Seen on TV car products that make cleaning and driving your car all the more enjoyable .
Here you ’ll also find personal care items , organizational accessories and extras designed to simplify cooking , cleaning , grilling and general living .
The company was founded as a result of what Jeff Bezos called his " regret minimization framework , " which described his efforts to fend off any regrets for not participating sooner in the Internet business boom during that time . [ 19 ]
In 1994 , Bezos left his employment as vice - president of D. E. Shaw & Co. , a Wall Street firm , and moved to Seattle , Washington , where he began to work on a business plan [ 20 ] for what would become Amazon.com .
Stop searching for the perfect gift !
Give Amazon Prime for only $ 33 for three months !
Your gift recipient will get everything that comes with Prime , including unlimited 2 - day shipping , exclusive coupon codes , cloud storage , unlimited Amazon Video streaming , free Kindle e-books , access to special sales and discounts , and so much more !
It 's the best gift around , so start giving today !
You can save even more money by shopping with discounted gift cards .
“ Companies like CardCash and Raise offer gift cards up to fifty percent off , so a one - hundred - dollar gift card could be purchased for only fifty dollars , ” says Conway of Slickdeals .
“ Some gift cards to popular merchants may be a lesser savings , but every dollar counts , especially if you 're making a larger purchase . ”
You ’ve seen ‘ em … we ’ve got ‘em !
If you ’ve ever shopped infomercials , you know that some of the best As Seen on TV products have the power to revolutionize your everyday life !
From super - smart kitchen gadgets that make cooking and food prep a total breeze to unique As Seen on TV clothes and beauty products that make you feel fabulous , these items do a great job at reducing stress and helping you stay organized and efficient .
From sensible accessories for pets to amazing cleaning tools , we have the best variety of As Seen on TV products in our online catalog .
Collections Etc. offers great prices and exceptional customer service !
A growing number of supermarkets allow their customers to shop online for their groceries , preparing the order for pick - up or delivering it directly to their door .
Shopping from home for your grocery store items is a great way to deal with this necessary chore :
It 's convenient , it 's a time saver , and sometimes you can even take advantage of online sales not otherwise accessible .
In an effort to regain control of a message that seems at times to have slipped away from him , President Obama is hosting a town hall forum on healthcare Saturday here on Colorado ’s Western slope .
Obama has made a series of campaign - style speeches to communities around the country , making his case for reform .
Yesterday he was in Belgrade Montana .
But when he takes the stage in Grand Junction , Colo. , he could be preaching to the choir .
Politically it ’s far from a stronghold for Obama , who lost Mesa County by nearly 30 points in 2008 .
But when it comes to healthcare reform , Grand Junction has some of the highest quality , lowest cost care in the country .
The national average for Medicare reimbursement is $ 8,300 .
But in Grand Junction it ’s about $ 2,400 less .
Healthcare costs differ from state to state , and even within states , according to The Dartmouth Atlas of Healthcare .
For example , the average Medicare reimbursement in Boulder , Colorado is over $ 9100 .
In Los Angeles , it ’s nearly $ 11,000 and in Miami , it ’s $ 16,000 .
Healthcare experts say reform legislation is more likely to pass now than when the Clintons tried during the 1990s largely because Obama has centered the debate on cost , not access to care .
And while they may not agree on various aspects of the legislation , it also appears more of the key players are on board .
That ’s where Grand Junction comes in .
John Hopkins , CEO of Rocky Mountain Health Plans , says communication is what makes care so affordable here .
Doctors meet regularly with the HMO to talk about a variety of topics , including quality of care , pharmaceuticals , healthcare infrastructure and overall costs .
As a result , the HMO was ahead of the curve when it started using generic prescription drugs to keep costs down .
The area also uses an electronic network to share patient information and is mindful of unnecessary tests and extended hospital visits .
“ More care does n’t necessarily result in better care , ” says Hopkins .
The foundation for low cost , high quality care was set in the 1970s when doctors and members of the community came together to decide on a system in which physicians are paid a similar amount regardless of whether their patients have Medicare , Medicaid , or private insurance .
“ Over the years we ’ve always taken a look at what is the particular use of a procedure or a particular technology , and is it being used appropriately , ” says Hopkins .
“ And that ’s getting input from the practitioner , from the physician , and using that as an education opportunity . ”
Kenneth Thorp is a healthcare policy expert at the Rollins School of Public Health at Emory University in Atlanta .
Thorpe has worked with Democrats on reform legislation , and he says the model in Grand Junction can be replicated .
Vermont is working on a plan where all patients in a community health plan would have the same access to care , regardless of who ’s paying the bill .
“ One of the proposals in play would be to have Medicare contribute dollars to the states and then have the states create these Rocky Mountain Health Plan - type operations statewide and nationally so that more patients could avail themselves of a proven better approach of managing and treating patients , ” says Thorp .
Despite the earful some members of Congress have received at town hall forums in their home districts , Professor Thorp believes healthcare reform will pass once Congress returns from the summer recess .
“ I think that once members come back and hear the success stories like [ Grand Junction ] and understand that people with insurance are looking for models that will improve their healthcare , will improve their access to primary care services , will reduce the cost of healthcare -- that there ’s going to be more interest in the fall to really build on those types of models and hopefully be a little bit more aggressive with the legislation , ” says Thorp .
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
Ducati Hypermotard 796 launch
Roland ' Drowned Rat ' Brown reports in from a very wet Bologna , Italy
ZBrush 3.5 and the GoZ update for Mac systems will be available as a free update to all Mac registered users by the end of September .
ZBrush gives you all of the tools needed to quickly sketch out a 2D or 3D concept , then take that idea all the way to completion .
You can create realistic renders directly in ZBrush with lighting and atmospheric effects , or with the many powerful export options you can easily prepare you model for 3D printing or use with in any other digital application .
Designed around a principle of circularity , the menus in ZBrush work together in a non-linear and mode - free method .
This facilitates the interaction of 3D models , 2D images and 2.5D Pixels in new and unique ways .
More Information at Pixologic estimates that ZBrush 3.5 will be available as a free update to all Windows registered users in 3rd week of this month and GoZ for Windows will be available by the end of September .
ZBrush 3.5 and the GoZ update for Mac systems will be available as a free update to all Mac registered users by the end of September .
ZBrush gives you all of the tools needed to quickly sketch out a 2D or 3D concept , then take that idea all the way to completion .
You can create realistic renders directly in ZBrush with lighting and atmospheric effects , or with the many powerful export options you can easily prepare you model for 3D printing or use with in any other digital application .
Designed around a principle of circularity , the menus in ZBrush work together in a non-linear and mode - free method .
This facilitates the interaction of 3D models , 2D images and 2.5D Pixels in new and unique ways .
More Information at www.pixologic.com .
Video Courtesy of Pixologic Inc. , Image from Alexander von Sass , www.alexandervonsass.com
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The foreclosure plague continued to devastate last month .
There were more than 360,000 properties with foreclosure filings -- including default notices , scheduled auctions and bank repossessions -- an increase of 7 % from June and 32 % from July 2008 , according to RealtyTrac , an online marketer of foreclosed homes .
In fact , one in every 355 U.S. homes had at least one filing during July .
" July marks the third time in the last five months where we 've seen a new record set for foreclosure activity , " said James J. Saccacio , chief executive officer of Realty Trac .
" Despite continued efforts by the federal government and state governments to patch together a safety net for distressed homeowners , we 're seeing significant growth in both the initial notices of default and in the bank repossessions . "
The jump occurred as several foreclosure moratoriums phased out .
They were initiated by many states to give the administration 's foreclosure - prevention efforts time to work .
But for many help did not come :
The modification and refinancing programs have met with less success than hoped .
" It 's starting to reach more and more people , but we have to do better and make sure the program reaches the millions of folks we intended it to reach , " said Jared Bernstein , an economics adviser to vice president Biden .
The picture would be even worse , however , without the programs .
" Each of these programs nips away at the problem of excess supply , " said Doug Duncan , cheif economist for Fannie Mae , " and fights against declining prices .
...
The hope is that the aggregated programs will result in less loss than would happen in the free market . "
Out of their homes
RealtyTrac statistics revealed that more than 87,000 properties were repossessed by lenders , effectively sending many families out of their homes .
There have been a total of 464,058 repossessions -- or REOs in industry parlance -- so far this year ( through the end of July ) .
" We 're seeing more option ARM resets , triggering defaults and more prime loans , which are failing due to job losses , " said Realty Trac spokesman Rick Sharga .
That is resulting in more filings on higher priced homes , for two reasons : 1. option ARMs were typically used for more expensive properties ; 2 . borrowers using prime loans generally had better credit and were able to afford more expensive houses .
Best and worst
The worst hit areas continue to be in the " sand states , " with California posting the highest number of total filings , 108,104 , and Nevada posting the highest rate of foreclosure at one for every 56 homes .
The other hardest hit states are Arizona , at one filing for every 135 homes , and Florida , at one for every 154 .
Las Vegas , with one for every 47 homes , had the highest rate among metro areas .
That 's Sin City 's 31st consecutive month topping the list .
These were bubble states , where home prices soared and banks financed mortgages for anyone who could fog a mirror .
" We 're seeing the highest levels of foreclosures in the markets that had the highest appreciation [ during the boom ] and the worst lending practices , " said Sharga .
Being a father is one of my favorite things in life .
This is somewhat surprising to me because my father was not a very good role model and , to this day , he and I are not very close .
In fact , when I was younger , kids used to come up to me and say , " My dad can beat up your dad . "
I 'd say , " Oh yeah ?
What time ? "
In all seriousness , my fractured relationship with him has forced me to spend a lot of time thinking about parenting and what kind of father I want to be to my own child .
It 's not easy .
In many ways , parenting is the hardest job I 've ever had .
I like to compare it to shaving .
No matter how well you shaved today , you have to get up and do it again tomorrow .
That 's really the key .
Today , I planned on writing one of my annual sappy Father 's Day posts .
However , I started thinking about how being a great dad involves having a good sense of humor .
Because let 's face it .
When it 's 5:00 am , you have n't slept in three weeks , your colicky baby is screaming , you 're trying to change his diaper and then , all of sudden , he pees straight into your face ?
You have two choice .
You can laugh .
Or you can cry .
I 'll go with laughter every time .
So , in honor of Father 's Day , I quickly wrote up 20 of my favorite things about being a father .
They 're not the deep - seeded emotions that I feel about my relationship with my daughter .
I know I 'll remember those forever .
These are just some of the smaller things that , on a daily basis , make me glad to be her dad .
20 of my favorite things about being a father :
Spinning my daughter by her arms for five minutes and then watching her stumble around like my drunk uncle .
Low expectations .
To a child , everlasting love can be expressed simply by adding hot dogs to their mac - and - cheese or giving them an extra piece of bacon .
Knowing your child so well that you recognize her back - seat vomit look .
Nothing fills me with more self - congratulatory pride than driving 90 mph on the Long Island Expressway with one hand and sticking a bag under her mouth before a drop of vomit hits the leather seats .
I 'm a Gold Glove vomit catcher .
Having a boy tell you that he really likes your daughter and realizing that you have a newfound respect for the Amish ... and handguns .
Looking for the television remote control for hours and then suddenly discovering it in the freezer .
Good one , kid .
I never would have looked there .
Bringing your daughter to the office so she can meet everyone and then , five minutes later , finding her completely covered in toner ink and Post - It Notes .
Logging on to Amazon and discovering that ALL of their recommendations for you are child - related : a Dora the Explorer Dehumidifier , a giant case of Huggies , a year - long subscription to Parent Magazine .
Fifty recommendations and not a single peep about the new Updike book or Mos Def CD !
Kids are a wonderfully blank canvas .
While some people see this as an opportunity to impart serious knowledge , I prefer teaching my daughter how to stand on a chair during music class , hold a crayon up in the air , and yell out , " Play Free Bird ! "
In a related way , I also get a huge laugh when my elderly Korean parents ask her to sing a song and she breaks out into " Bang bang boogie say up jumped the boogie to the rhythm of the boogie , the beat ! "
Children are an excellent excuse for buying Nutella by the case .
Watching an episode of The Dog Whisperer on television and picking up some good parenting tips .
Cesar Milan is a mad genius , yo !
Similarly , going to the bookstore and laughing at parenting guides written by childless PhDs .
Remembering that the funnest things in life are unexpected surprises .
Like biting into a donut and discovering it 's filled with chocolate .
Gathering a bunch of kids for an Easter egg hunt and then laughing at them because you never hid any eggs .
Fun game that can also be played during Christmas or Passover .
Skipping down the street and holding hands with your daughter while singing the " Tigger and Pooh " theme song and wearing funny hats .
Running into model ex-girlfriend eating at trendy restaurant with a rich old guy .
Realizing you won .
Related revelation : Much easier to pick up single women with cute baby than with cute dog .
Reason for recent success of my new company , Rent - a - Tot .
Act now .
Special summer lease rates still available .
Eagerly awaiting the day when my daughter rolls her eyes at me and says , " Dad , you 're embarrassing me ! "
Discovering that true love is when you voluntarily give your child the last piece of bacon in the entire house .
Being completely mortified when your daughter spins around on the subway pole and starts licking it yet laughing because you took a photo and you can't wait to show it to her in 10 years when she 's failing Algebra .
Putting the child to bed and cooking dinner for yourself but realizing your gustatory options are limited to dinosaur chicken nuggets , grape jello and baby carrots .
Again .
Feel free to add your own to the list .
I 'd love to hear them all .
Meantime , Happy father 's day to all of you dads out there .
Always remember that men who change diapers change the world !
Australian Kindle users will have to pay at least 20 per cent more than Americans for books on the Amazon e-book readers and the local publishing industry has expressed serious reservations about supporting the gizmo .
International users already have to pay $ US20 ( $ 22 ) more for the device itself , which begins shipping on October 19 for $ US279 .
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos shows off his baby .
Credit : Reuters
And despite promising on its website that there are " no additional charges " for delivering books to overseas users , an Amazon spokesman told The Guardian that the average e-book would cost $ US13.99 for foreign customers , 40 per cent more than the American price of $ US9.99 .
( UPDATE - Amazon has clarified that while EU customers will pay $ US13.99 for major book releases , Australians will be offered a lower $ US11.99 price - a 20 per cent increase on the price Americans pay .
Some books , however , will sell to Australians at a premium higher than this . )
Senator Max Baucus ’s chief health adviser , Elizabeth Fowler , has been called the “ chief operating officer ” of the healthcare reform process by Politico — the staffer who sets legislative deadlines , coordinates with the White House on policy , and is understood to speak for Baucus on health policy issues .
Washington Post blogger Ezra Klein has called her …
Read More →
You saw the ten - tongue Sqweel sexual toy yesterday ( NSFW ) .
While Fleshbot has its own review , Dr. Debby Herbenick has been trying it all weekend for us .
Here is her review , non-explicit video included :
This weekend , I scored big time .
First , I found a red Gone - with - the - Wind - ish petticoat in a vintage shop .
Then , I arrived home to find the Sqweel – a brand new , pre-release , revolutionary , wow - factor sex toy – waiting for me in a stack of mail .
The good news ?
The Sqweel is orgasmic - ly awesome .
Even better ?
As of 12:01 am today , it is officially available to the rest of you .
How Does It Work
As the name suggests , the Sqweel merges the wheel ( one of humankind 's greatest inventions ) with sex ( one of humankind 's greatest pleasures ) .
Except instead of typical wheel spokes , it turns a series of tongues – 10 tongues , actually – using 3 speeds .
Let me repeat : there are TEN TONGUES .
It 's like group oral sex with everyone somehow fitting in between your legs .
Or oral sex with an extremely talented and eager lover .
Advertisement
The Sqweel is a remarkable sex toy designed by an Irishman ( and animator ) named Trevor Murphy who won LoveHoney 's Design a Sex Toy competition a few years back .
This fact gives me tremendous hope that other animators , engineers and people who sit with their computers or graphics tablets all day will soon turn their talents to advance sex toy design and innovation .
If not for me , then for the love of sex .
Please ?
Though not a vibrator , the folks at LoveHoney suggest ( and I agree ) that while vibrators can certainly contribute to highly pleasurable sex play , there 's something to be said for non-vibrating play that promotes slow yummy build - up , much as oral sex does , and that perhaps leads to an orgasm that leaves one feeling that curious mix of satisfaction and craving more .
Advertisement
The Rundown
These are the key points about the Sqweel , aside from the 10 - tongue 3 - speed yum :
• Materials :
The tongues are made of silicone ( easy to clean , non-toxic awesomeness ) while the black compartment is made of soft plastic .
Advertisement
• Hygiene :
The tongue component can be removed from its holder for easy cleaning of both parts .
• Power :
What does it run on , you ask ?
( Aside from the Grace of the Sex Gods ) .
Three AAA batteries .
I would have preferred AA batteries rather than the AAA batteries that few people keep lying around the house ( whereas , if needed in a pinch , AA batteries may be scrounged from TV remotes or Flipcams ) .
Advertisement
• Cost : At £ 34.99 UK pounds ( and yes , they ship to the US in only a few waiting - with - bated - breath days ) , I find the price fair even after the conversion to USD .
Especially if you want to switch out your vibrator from time to time , gift your partner with a tongue that does n't stop or give yourself a break from lockjaw .
• Endurance : No more lock jaw !
Or at least you get a break .
The Sqweel is not intended to replace oral sex , nor should it ( after all , oral sex can be lovely , intimate and passionate ) .
But it may offer an occasional alternative , or complement , to oral play , which is especially useful for partners whose tongues , jaws , necks or lower backs get sore from extended oral play .
Advertisement
• Single or doubles ?
Both .
The Sqweel can easily be used privately or with a partner .
It 's comfortable to hold in one 's own hand during self - pleasure of one 's outside parts ( please do NOT try to insert all the way in the anus , lest I recount one man 's salad tongs incident ) .
When pleasuring your partner , it 's not so bulky ( only 4.5 in X 4 in X 1 inch at its thickest ) as to block your view .
• Education : Similar to the Sasi , which also mimics oral sex , women who would like to learn to orgasm from oral sex may find it helpful to practice with the Sqweel .
Advertisement
• Lube : Due to the Sqweel 's silicone components , silicone lube is a no - no .
Instead , try a water based lube applied directly to your or your partner 's body as : ( 1 ) there are too many tongues to put lube on every single one and ( 2 ) I could easily see the globs of lube go flying as the tongue spokes go round and round and no one needs lube on their ceiling .
• Convenience : Now you can provide your partner with oral pleasure via the Sqweel while simultaneously kissing each other , sitting back and watching , talking dirty , or breathing warm air on your partner 's genitals .
Advertisement
• Conversation :
If your partner is using the Sqweel on you and you ask him or her a question , your partner can actually answer you rather than making that awkward " mwawahwah " sound that people make when they try to speak while performing oral sex .
The Experience
I found that holding the Sqweel steady and straight ( aimed perpendicular at one 's body ) was the best strategy – leaning it to one side or the other , as one might do with a typical vibrator , sometimes caused uncomfortable feelings due to the toy 's edges pressing against fairly sensitive parts .
Try exploring the low , medium and high settings – for example , using the low setting to build arousal and the medium or high settings to up the intensity or as one approaches orgasm ( if that 's your thing ) .
You might even try turning the tongues upside down for a modified version of Sqweel play stimulation .
Advertisement
In regard to positions , one can lay back and enjoy self - directed or partnered stimulation OR you can prop it like some do with the Fleshlight ( e.g. , between sofa cushions , between the mattress and box springs or in a sneaker ) .
The Sqweel can be used to stimulate men's or women 's genitals though I do n't recommend it for internal anal stimulation lest it possibly get " lost " ( and not lost in translation , which I just watched again late last night ) .
Advertisement
Please be careful how you hold it !
In some hand positions , one 's fingers can get caught in the compartment and stop the movement of the tongues .
This happened to me once or twice .
It did n't hurt , but just wanted to throw that out there in case you are used to moving your hands along with your toy of choice .
Or if you have particularly long labia or hair down there that may possibly be an issue too .
The future
The folks at LoveHoney have said that they are planning to roll out different " attachments " in time – so if you decide to try to Sqweel , there should be even more to come .
Personally , I would like to see a Sqweel iPhone app .
It does n't have to vibrate like the fancy MyPleasure MyVibe app , it just has to have a great visual of rotating tongues in which the user can control the speed of vibration .
Advertisement
As it is , however , I love it .
It 's yummy .
The Sqweel is a very innovative sex toy .
If you try it , please let me know what you think – I always enjoy hearing and learning about others ' perspectives and experiences with sex and , in particular , with sex toys .
Advertisement
10 tongues .
TEN .
The only thing better would be 11 .
Or 10 plus chocolate .
Advertisement
Silicone material
Advertisement
Comes apart for easy cleaning
Advertisement
Unlikely to produce Fleshlight - furniture - ish shame spiral during use , storage or cleaning
Advertisement
Comfortable to hold
Advertisement
Easy to store in a nightstand or sock drawer
Advertisement
Requires three AAA batteries ( a con in my household given that I mostly keep AAs on hand , but may be fine in yours )
Advertisement
Looks like a tape measure
Advertisement
Only 3 speeds .
Given how women and men vary , I 'd have gone with 5 or 7 .
Dr. Debby Herbenick , author of Because It Feels Good : A Woman 's Guide to Sexual Pleasure and Satisfaction , is the Associate Director of the Center for Sexual Health Promotion in the School of Health , Physical Education and Recreation at Indiana University ( IU ) where she is a Research Scientist .
She is also a sexual health educator at The Kinsey Institute for Research in Sex , Gender and Reproduction where she writes ( and hosts audio podcasts of ) the Kinsey Confidential column and coordinates educational programming .
She has a PhD in Health Behavior from IU , a Master 's degree in Public Health Education ( also from IU ) and a bachelor 's degree in psychology from the University of Maryland , College Park .
In addition , she is certified as a Sexuality Educator from the American Association of Sex Educators , Counselors and Therapists .
Debby writes regular sex columns for Men's Health magazine , Time Out Chicago magazine , Velocity , Cheeky Chicago , Psychology Today and she has also written for Glamour magazine .
So , getting towards the end of browsing the images people had taken for more additions to to this image , I started noticing a trend .
After using Publicly Funded Transportation and Publicly Funded Roads to get to the Publicly Funded sidewalks to walk to the Publicly Funded Parks , at the end of their protest , what did these haters of Government Interference do ?
They threw their rubbish down for the Publicly Funded garbagemen & women of Washington DC to take care of .
Carrying home all those thin sheets of Cardboard was obviously the task of someone with a larger work ethic .
More below , with an added sting .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 3/9/2009 ( 4044 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
The Winnipeg Fire Paramedic
Service might reopen its probe of an alleged sexual incident involving a firefighter now that the woman involved has revealed damning details .
" We had sex .
It definitely was n't just kissing like they said , " the woman said in an exclusive interview with the Free Press , claiming fire officials never bothered to get her side of the story .
KEN GIGLIOTTI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS ARCHIVES
A woman who contacted the Free Press says there was far more than kissing going on in a fire hall shed .
She admits being " severely intoxicated " after a night at the bar with friends when a group of firefighters invited her to the Osborne Street hall as she walked by on her way home .
" I was definitely taken advantage of , " she said .
" You 're at a fire station , you 're intoxicated ... , you 're supposed to feel safe . "
She and a male friend both attempted to speak about the incident with fire officials who said they were " sorry " for what happened and would take the matter seriously .
But she says she never heard from them again .
" I 'm not sure how they planned to get ahold of me .
They did n't even write down my name or number , " she said .
The 24 - year - old waitress is furious officials never interviewed her and believes the WFPS and the local firefighters union have tried to cover up the truth .
At a closed - door disciplinary hearing last month , the firefighter was demoted from his position as on - shift facilitator for water rescue and transferred from Station No. 4 on Osborne Street to another station for what the union said was an incident involving only kissing .
Ken Sim , the deputy chief of operations for the WFPS , said Thursday the woman 's claims are alarming and contrary to what the firefighter at the centre of the controversy claims happened .
" It certainly would shed some different light on this if in fact she was taken advantage of .
If that 's the case , I would certainly encourage her to get in touch with the Winnipeg Police Service , " said Sim .
" We dealt with the information the firefighter provided us at face value . "
Sim said the internal investigation , which was led by a local platoon chief , shows his department had no idea who the woman was or how they could contact her for a statement .
United Firefighters of Winnipeg president Alex Forrest said the firefighter apologized for kissing the woman in a property shed but denied the incident went any further .
" There was n't sex that went on in the shed , " Forrest said following the Aug. 25 hearing .
" There was kissing and that 's all that could have happened ... we know the timelines . "
A city statement that same day said the incident breached the City of Winnipeg 's employee code of conduct .
The city did not release the duration of the man 's suspension from work , but a source said it was a 28 - hour suspension without pay .
The woman contacted the Free Press this week , wondering how conclusions were reached in the case despite the fact she was never asked for her side of the story .
She said she had been at the Billabong bar in Osborne Village with friends and was walking home alone , while drunk , when she passed by the fire station .
She said about four or five firefighters who were standing outside the open doors called her over .
" It 's all a little bit blurry , but we were just sitting around , talking about the scariest things they 've ever done on their job .
I was sitting on a fire truck at one point , " said the woman .
" I remember we started talking about having a contest to see who could jump over a fence .
I tried , but fell and smashed my leg .
It was a joke , it was fun , they were laughing . "
The woman said she asked to use the washroom inside the fire station .
She walked out to find the firefighter standing nearby .
He eventually led her to the storage shed just behind the building .
" I remember asking him if he was using a condom .
We were on the floor , having sex .
I remember there being a barbecue and a lawn mower around , " she said .
" I was definitely drunk , but I was obviously going along with it as I do n't remember yelling out for him to stop . "
Their tryst ended when an alarm bell started ringing , signifying an incoming emergency call .
" He jumped up .
I remember him fumbling around , swearing and cursing , trying to get his clothes back on .
It took him a while , " said the woman .
She eventually got dressed and went home -- but returned a few hours later once she had sobered up and realized what happened .
" I started crying , and I was angry .
They told me they were really , really sorry , that this sort of thing did n't usually happen , " she said .
She said two senior members of the crew told her they'd heard about what happened and it would be investigated .
The woman also confronted the firefighter .
" He took me aside , told me not to say anything , that we were just kissing and touching and to tell everyone nothing happened , " she said .
" I asked him if he had any diseases .
He gave me a hug , told me to go home . "
Days later , the woman 's male friend stormed down to the station after learning what happened .
A different crew was working that day .
The man told the Free Press he caused " a bit of a ruckus " by telling members what happened and demanding an investigation .
Forrest said Thursday the woman 's claims are " troubling . "
" That 's not the story we heard from the firefighter , " he said .
Forrest questioned her motives for only coming forward now , through the media , and whether her claims were accurate .
www.mikeoncrime.com
New Testament >
Revelation >
God Tortures a Whore Revelation 17:3
And I saw a woman sitting on a red beast that had seven heads and ten horns .
WHEN CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS first sailed west from Spain in 1492 in search of the Indies , nobody worried that he would sail off the edge of the earth .
Medieval Europeans knew full well that the world was a sphere , and that if you sailed far enough to the west you would arrive in the east .
We remember Copernicus as one of the first great thinkers of the modern scientific era , but he inhabited a profoundly medieval thought - world - a world in which astrology and alchemy commanded as much attention as geography and astronomy .
For all its obvious and sometimes laughable shortcomings , the medieval approach to learning was far more integrated than our own , and it allowed Copernicus to think on a truly grand scale .
From a cosmic vantage point he looked down , at a map , and what he saw made the skies open up .
The story of how a map of the world helped Copernicus to rethink the universe is rarely told .
But the connection tells us something important about how great ideas are born .
To understand it , we need to recall that medieval scholars did n’t consider geography and astronomy to be distinct disciplines .
Instead , they considered them parts of a single field called cosmography - the study of the known world and its place in the cosmos .
One of the field ’s guiding principles went something like this : Looking down , we see up ; looking up , we see down .
By carefully studying the earth , cosmographers believed they could learn about the heavens , and by carefully studying the heavens they believed they could learn about the earth .
Copernicus himself was a cosmographer , and shared this view .
Known today as the Waldseemüller map of 1507 , it was the first to depict the lands discovered by Columbus and other early explorers as part of a vast and previously unknown continent .
Earlier maps had shown the new discoveries only vaguely , as a still - to - be - determined part of Asia , but this new map boldly located them far out in the western ocean , on the other side of the globe from the known world , extending deep into the southern hemisphere .
And it gave this place a memorable new name : America .
It was the mother of all paradigm shifts , dismantling a model of the universe that had been dogma since antiquity .
When he published his theory , in “ On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres ” ( 1543 ) , Copernicus provided a wealth of data on the movements of celestial bodies in support of his case .
But what ’s often overlooked is that he began his argument from the ground up , by focusing not on the heavens but the earth .
In particular , he began with a geographical revelation , prompted by something he had recently come across on a new map .
NEARLY FIVE CENTURIES ago , the Polish astronomer Nicholas Copernicus went public with one of the most important arguments ever made in the history of ideas .
The earth did not sit immobile at the center of the universe , he wrote .
It revolved around the sun .
But Copernicus went on to add that he had recently come across even more compelling evidence against this theory .
And this evidence can only have come from the Waldseemüller map .
Copernicus knew the theory of the off - center earth well from his student days .
But he did n’t buy it .
Mathematically , geometrically , logically - it just did n’t make sense to him .
Anybody could see that the earth ’s landmass did n’t gradually and uniformly mount upward from the sea toward a high point somewhere in the middle of the known world , as this model suggested it should .
“ Furthermore , ” he wrote in the geographical section with which he opened On the Revolutions , “ the depth of the abyss would never stop increasing from the shore of the ocean outward , so that no island or reef or any form of land would be encountered by sailors on the longer voyages . ”
European scholars in the late Middle Ages devised a way of explaining this problem away .
The earth , they suggested , bobbed slightly off - center in the sphere of water , “ like an apple in a basin , ” as one writer put it in 1484 .
How had this happened ?
God had simply made it so .
The Book of Genesis told the story : “ And God said , Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place , and let the dry land appear . ”
In practical terms , scholars explained , what God had done in working this miracle was to push the sphere of the earth to one side of the sphere of the water , exposing part of it to the air and creating the contiguous lands that would come to be known as Asia , Europe , and Africa .
This model did a serviceable job of explaining the apparent motions of the heavens , but it had a fundamental problem .
If the cosmos did indeed consist of a set of spheres with the earth at its center , then why was n’t the earth completely submerged in the sphere of water that surrounded it ?
Why was there any exposed land at all ?
In that sense , they understood the shape of the world .
But when they set their sights beyond the earth , they still relied on a 2,500 - year - old model of the universe , one that scholastics during the Middle Ages had made fundamental to Christian theology .
According to teachings that dated to Aristotle , the cosmos as a whole consisted of a set of concentric spheres .
At the center was the earth , a solid ball of land .
Surrounding the earth , successively , were spheres of water , air , and fire ; then individual spheres for the moon , the sun , and the planets ; and finally , at the outer limits , a single sphere studded with stars , beyond which lay a realm of pure abstraction , or God .
Each of these celestial spheres rotated around the earth at its own pace .
The logical thing for Waldseemüller to do would have been to depict these new coasts as a part of Asia , or at least as nothing more than terra incognita .
But instead he decided that what Vespucci had discovered had to be an entirely new continent .
Waldseemüller decided to make his map after reading letters by Vespucci and seeing sailors ’ charts containing sketches of the newly discovered coasts .
It was the southness , not the westness , of the New World that made him , like other Europeans , feel that something remarkable had been discovered across the Atlantic .
Why Vespucci and not Columbus ?
Columbus had restricted his explorations to the Caribbean , which , he insisted until his dying day , corresponded to a region already visible on maps of the Far East .
Vespucci , on the other hand , had done something much more dramatic .
He had sailed south , following the coastlines of the New World far below the equator into a part of the world never mapped before .
Waldseemüller and his colleague Matthias Ringmann wrote a companion volume to the map , in which they explained the nature and location of this new continent , and why they had named it America .
Europeans , they wrote , had long divided the world into three parts : Asia , Europe , and Africa .
But recent developments , most notably voyages made by the Italian merchant Amerigo Vespucci , meant that this old picture of the world had to be updated .
“ A fourth part [ of the world ] , ” they wrote , “ has been discovered by Amerigo Vespucci … Since both Asia and Africa received their names from women , I do not see why anyone should rightly prevent this from being called … America , after its discoverer , Americus . ”
Nobody who saw the map could miss what dominated its left side .
Rising majestically out of the western ocean , extending deep into the southern hemisphere , was a huge new continent .
And printed across the region we now know as Brazil was a strange new name : America .
Copies of the map seem to have circulated widely in the early 16th century .
In the years immediately after 1507 , it reached a number of German university towns , where professors probably used it as a classroom prop .
By 1512 , it had made it to Poland , where Jan de Stobnicza , a professor of philosophy at the University of Krakow , published his own partial copy .
Waldseemüller ’s map was huge , measuring 4 ½ feet by 8 feet .
Probably no printed map had ever been larger .
Waldseemüller would later claim that he printed 1,000 copies of the map , but only one survives today , discovered by accident in a German castle in 1901 , and bought in 2003 by the Library of Congress for $ 10 million , the highest price ever paid publicly for a historical document .
The map was the work of Martin Waldseemüller , a German humanist based in the town of Saint - Die , in the mountains of eastern France .
It was this obscure figure , now almost completely forgotten , who first mapped the world roughly as we know it today .
At the time Copernicus came across the Waldseemüller map , he had already begun to look for evidence that would support his new theory of the cosmos .
And when he saw America on the map , he knew he had found what he was looking for .
The location of this new continent , he realized , disproved the theory of the off - center earth .
If the earth really did bulge out of one side of the sphere of water , he reasoned , then the ocean had to get deeper and deeper the farther one sailed away from the shores of the known world .
Land , in other words , could not protrude from opposite sides of the sphere of water .
And yet that ’s exactly what Copernicus saw happening on the Waldseemüller map .
Here was a giant southern continent far off in the western ocean , located diametrically opposite to the known world .
There was only one way to explain this oddity , Copernicus decided :
The watery sphere must not exist at all .
The earth and its oceans had to be one , and in that single globe there had to be much more earth than water .
Quite suddenly , at its very core , the old model of the cosmos was falling apart .
If the theory of an off - center earth was directly at odds with geographical reality , as the Waldseemüller map showed it to be , then the time had come , it seemed to Copernicus , to think about the cosmos from an entirely different perspective .
Perhaps it was not the heavens that were in motion , but the earth .
COPERNICUS DIDN ’T MENTION the Waldseemüller map by name in On the Revolutions , but several different strands of evidence strongly suggest that he saw the map and used it to develop his theory of the cosmos .
In the preface to On the Revolutions , he mentioned having begun the book long before its 1543 publication , and having kept some version of it buried among his papers for “ the fourth period of nine years . ”
The phrase is convoluted , but the math is simple .
Four periods of nine years is 36 years , and 36 years before 1543 is 1507 - the year the Waldseemüller map appeared in print .
It ’s easy to see how Copernicus could have had access to the map , too ; he was in Poland during that period , visiting and corresponding with colleagues at the University of Krakow , where the map appeared no later than 1512 .
Most convincing of all , however , is that in the opening section of On the Revolutions he describes the earth using language that corresponds directly to what appears on the Waldseemüller map .
His description of America , in particular , corresponds so precisely , in language and cartographical detail , that no other source appears possible .
As a cosmographer steeped in medieval ideas , Copernicus found his way easily to the idea that studying the makeup of the earth might help him discern the makeup of the universe .
Today scientific learning is vastly more specialized , and few thinkers dare leap so boldly between the tiny to the cosmic ; there are just too many disciplinary borders to cross along the way .
But precisely that kind of leap is what gives rise to great discoveries , which almost never can be contained within any one discipline .
One only has to think of Einstein for an illustration of this lesson .
What helped him develop his grand theory of relativity - as the historian of science Peter Galison has explained in fascinating detail in “ Einstein ’s Clocks , Poincaré ’s Maps ” - was the time he spent early in his life as a patent clerk , studying the problem of how to synchronize clocks .
Martin Waldseemüller and Matthias Ringmann both died decades before Copernicus published On the Revolutions , and never in their wildest dreams did they imagine that by putting America on the map they would help usher in an entirely new theory of the universe .
But nevertheless they recognized that they had created something revolutionary .
They even made a special plea on their map .
“ This one request we have to make , ” they wrote , “ that those who are inexperienced and unacquainted with cosmography shall not condemn all this before they have learned what will surely be clearer to them later on . ”
Toby Lester is the author of “ The Fourth Part of the World , ’’ which tells the story of the Waldseemüller map and will be published in November .
For an interactive version of the map , see www.tobylester.com.
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Mail - Order Bride
Artist Terry Border is one of those people who has a secret gift .
He can take boring , everyday objects and make them come alive !
In fact , his art can be appreciated for the clever thought behind it .
What I love most about his work , though , is that it can be enjoyed by everyone .
Young or old , we can all get a good chuckle out of his hilarious , bent objects .
Today , I asked Terry where he gets his ideas .
Here was his reply :
“ Basically , I get ideas for photographs when everyday objects remind me of something else .
Then I try to think about how I can show others the connection I made .
The next step – I try really hard to take it one step further – add humor , emotion of some kind , maybe an ‘ aha ' moment .
For example , with Mail Order Bride , I came up with the characters , but the little chair against the door really makes that shot for most people .
“ Then again , sometimes an idea just pops into my head .
That makes me happy . ”
Cereal Killer
Kiwi Getting Ready for the Beach
Irony in Pill Form
A Side of Baby Carrots
Star of the Show
Stud Muffin
Honeymoon Sweet
A Horrific Yarn
Appetite for Destruction
Paper Training Our Little Dog , Frank
It 's a Dirty Job , But …
Zombies are Nuts About Brains
Fruit With Life Experience
Halloween Candy
Exposure
Behind the Scenes
Missing
“ You know those things about yourself that you 're self conscious of ?
Those quirks that you 're trying to hide ?
Those are not your weaknesses , those are your strengths . ”
– Terry Border
Terry Border
Other Things That Come Alive !:
If Graffiti Came Alive – Saint Pauli
Skeletons Come to Life ! – Sal Hernndez ( 10 photos )
Mysterious Little People Hard at Work and at Play ( 15 Total )
The Secret Life of Wooden Toys ! ( 15 Total )
The recent corporate resignations from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce have played in the media as a case of enlightened corporate stewardship vs. blinkered old businesses .
But there 's far more to this story — not least the way that Apple and Nike are putting green political correctness above the long - term interests of their own shareholders .
The Chamber needs " a more progressive stance on this issue " of climate change , declared Apple Vice President Catherine Novelli in a letter of resignation from the business lobby on October ...
Kwang Kim ’s hydrogen muscle ( Image : Kwang Kim )
IF ROBOTS are ever going to be welcome in the home they will need to become a lot quieter .
Building them with artificial muscles that run on hydrogen , instead of noisy compressed - air pumps or electric motors , could be the answer .
Kwang Kim , a materials engineer at the University of Nevada in Reno , came up with the idea after realising that hydrogen can be supplied silently by metal hydride compounds .
Metal hydrides can undergo a process called reversible chemisorption , allowing them to store and release extra hydrogen held by weak chemical bonds .
It ’s this …
Because English is such a complex language , it is fraught with traps that we all frequently fall into .
With this list I hope to clear up at least a few of the confusing words we use every day .
This is a list of some of the more common errors people make with English .
1. Practice / Practise
In US English , practice is used as either a verb ( doing word ) , or noun ( naming word ) .
Hence , a doctor has a practice , and a person practices the violin .
In UK english , practice is a noun , and practise is a verb .
A doctor has a practice , but his daughter practises the piano .
2. Bought / Brought
Bought relates to buying something .
Brought relates to bringing something .
For example , I bought a bottle of wine which had been brought over from France .
The easy way to remember which is which is that bring start with ‘ br ’ and brought also does .
Buy and bought start with ‘ b ’ only .
This is one of those difficult ones that a spelling checker wo n’t catch .
3. Your / You ’re
Your means “ belonging to you ” .
You ’re means “ you are ” .
The simplest way to work out the correct one to use is to read out your sentence .
For example , if you say “ you ’re jeans look nice ” expand the apostrophe .
The expanded sentence would read “ you are jeans look nice ” – obviously nonsensical .
Remember , in English , the apostrophe often denotes an abbreviation .
4. Its / It’s
As in the case above , the apostrophe denotes an abbreviation : it ’s = it is .
Its means “ belongs to it ” .
The confusion arises here because we also use an apostrophe in English to denote possession – except in this case ; if you want to say “ the cat ’s bag ” you say “ its bag ” not “ it ’s bag ” .
“ It ’s ” always means “ it is ” or “ it has ” .
“ It ’s a hot day . ” “ it ’s been fun seeing you . ”
5 . Two / To / Too
With a ‘ w ’ it means the number 2 .
With one ‘ o ’ it refers to direction : ‘ to France ’ .
With two ‘o ’s it means “ also ” or refers to quantity – for example : “ There is too much money ” .
A good way to remember this one is that too has two ‘o ’s – ie , it has more ‘o ’s than ‘ to ’ – therefore it refers to quantity .
Get free shipping , thousands of movies , and millions of streaming songs with a FREE trial of Amazon Prime at Amazon.com !
6. Desert / Dessert
This is a confusing one because in English an ‘s ’ on its own is frequently pronounced like a ‘ z ’ and two ‘s ’s are usually pronounced as a n ‘ s ’ ( for example : prise , prissy ) .
In this case , desert follow the rule – it means a large stretch of sand .
However , dessert is pronounced “ dez-urt ” with the emphasis on the second syllable – ie , something we eat as part of our meal .
To make matters worse , when a person leaves the army without permission , it is spelt desert .
So , let ’s sum up :
desert ( pronounced dez ’ - it ) : dry land
desert ( pronounced dez-urt ’ ) : abandon
dessert ( pronounced dez-urt ’ ) : yum yum !
– remember , two ‘s ’s because you want second helpings !
Oh – one more thing – another very common mistake is using the word dessert ( two ‘s ’s ) to mean pudding – pudding is a sweet course , often consisting of some kind of cake or icecream .
Dessert is fruit or cheese – normally taken after the pudding course .
7. Dryer / Drier
If your clothes are wet , put them in a clothes dryer .
That will make them drier .
A hair dryer also makes hair drier .
8. Chose / Choose
This is actually quite an easy one to remember – in English we generally pronounce ‘ oo ’ as it is written – such as “ moo ” .
The same rule applies here : choose is pronounced as it is written ( with a ‘ z ’ sound for the ‘ s ’ ) – and chose is said like “ nose ” .
Therefore , if you had to choose to visit Timbuktu , chances are you chose to fly there .
Chose is the past tense , choose is the present tense .
9. Lose / Loose
This one is confusing .
In this case , contrary to normal rules of English , the single ‘s ’ in loose is pronounced like an ‘s ’ – as in wearing trousers that are too loose .
Lose on the other hand , relates to loss – for example : “ I hope we do n’t lose this game ” .
A good way to remember this is that in the word “ lose ” you have lost the second ‘ o ’ from loose .
If you ca n’t remember a rule that simple , you are a loser !
10 . Literally
This one is not only often used in error , it is incredibly annoying when it is used in the wrong way .
Literally means “ it really happened ” – therefore , unless you live on a parallel universe with different rules of physics , you can not say “ he literally flew out the door ” .
Saying someone “ flew out the door ” is speaking figuratively – you could say “ he figuratively flew out the door ” but figuratively is generally implied when you describe something impossible .
Literally can only be used in the case of facts – for example : he literally exploded after swallowing the grenade .
If he did , indeed , swallow the grenade and explode – that last sentence is perfectly correct .
It would not be correct to say “ she annoyed him and he literally exploded ” unless she is Wonder Woman and her anger can cause people to blow up .
Bonus : I could care less
I have to add this one as a bonus because it is one I especially hate .
When you say “ I could care less ” you are saying “ I care a little so I could care less ” .
Most people when using this horrific sentence mean to say “ I could n’t care less ” which means “ I care so little I could not care less ” .
Bonus 2 : Ironic
Is n’t it ironic ?
Actually , no , most of the time it is not .
Irony , in its true form , is when you state something to a person who does not understand what you truly mean , but another person does .
Essentially , it makes the hearer the brunt of the joke without their being aware of it .
This is called dramatic or tragic irony because it originated on the stage where the audience knew what was happening but the victim on stage did not .
The most sustained example of dramatic irony is undoubtedly Sophocles ’ Oedipus Rex , in which Oedipus searches to find the murderer of the former king of Thebes , only to discover that it is himself , a fact the audience has known all along .
Another form of irony is Socratic irony , in which the person pretends to be ignorant of a subject in order to truly show the ignorance of the person with whom he is arguing .
Unfortunately , poor Alanis Morissette had no clue when she said “ it ’s a free ride when you ’ve already paid ” or “ it ’s like rain on your wedding day ” .
This is not irony – it is misfortune or coincidence .
To sum it up , basically Irony is a figure of speech in which what is stated is not what is meant .
Sarcasm can be a type of Irony .
Efforts by the law firm Carter - Ruck to stop reporting of a Commons question have outraged MPs on all sides
MPs from all parties protested at Westminster this afternoon at attempts by lawyers acting for the oil trader Trafigura to stop reports of parliamentary proceedings .
The Labour MP Paul Farrelly told the speaker , John Bercow , attempts by lawyers Carter - Ruck to gag the media could be a " potential contempt of parliament " .
The Liberal Democrat MP Evan Harris said there was a need to " control the habit of law firms " of obtaining secrecy injunctions , and his colleague David Heath told the Commons a " fundamental principle " was being threatened : that MPs should be able to speak freely and have their words reported freely .
On the Conservative side , David Davies criticised the rising use of " super- injunctions " , in which the fact of the injunction is itself kept secret .
He said courts should not be allowed to grant injunctions forbidding the reporting of parliament .
Bercow said the issue could be raised formally as a matter of privilege , but he understood the injunction had now been lifted .
Farrelly , who tabled a parliamentary question yesterday that the Guardian had been forbidden from reporting , told the Commons : " I want to raise a point of order regarding a chain of events which may be of concern to the House .
" Today , the Guardian reported that it had been prevented from reporting a written question tabled by a member of parliament .
This morning , I telephoned the Guardian to ask whether the MP was myself .
" The question was printed on the order paper yesterday and relates to the activities of Trafigura , an international oil trader at the centre of a controversy regarding toxic waste - dumping in the Ivory Coast , and to the role of its solicitors , Carter - Ruck .
" Yesterday , I understand , Carter - Ruck , quite astonishingly , warned of legal action if the Guardian reported my question .
In view of the seriousness of this , will you accept representations from me over this matter and consider whether Carter - Ruck 's behaviour constitutes a potential contempt of parliament ? "
Earlier , Trafigura 's law firm had refused to alter an existing blanket court order banning the Guardian from mentioning Trafigura 's recourse to the courts .
This refusal was despite the publication on parliament 's official website of Farrelly 's questions revealing the facts , .
The result of Carter - Ruck 's intransigence was an avalanche of online publication , as well as the reproduction of Farrelly 's parliamentary questions in the magazine Private Eye , which hit the London streets at lunchtime today .
Bloggers who posted Farrelly 's questions in full included the political website Guido Fawkes and the Spectator magazine website .
Large numbers of messages were posted on Twitter , to the extent that " Trafigura " and " Carter - Ruck " became the most viewed keywords in London throughout the morning .
Shortly before the case was due to come to court , Carter - Ruck announced that its clients would no longer oppose reporting of what was said in parliament about them .
Farrelly told the Guardian afterwards : " The issuing by the courts of so - called super - injunctions is rightly controversial and a matter of growing concern .
That is why , using parliamentary privilege , I tabled these questions to Jack Straw at the Ministry of Justice as a matter of urgency .
" The practice offends the time - honoured ' rule against prior restraint ' , which safeguards freedom of expression in this country .
It also fails to protect whistleblowers acting in the public interest .
The huge legal bills involved in fighting cases , too , have a chilling effect on legitimate investigative journalism .
" So often , the beneficiaries are big corporations .
The fact that the press is also barred from reporting the existence of these gagging orders is doubly pernicious .
It is a subject the select committee will be addressing in our current inquiry into the press and the way the law works in Britain today .
" Absolute privilege in reporting parliament has been established since the Bill of Rights in 1688 .
It is a fundamental freedom for the press , and it is vital that neither lawyers nor the courts seek to attack this time - honoured right . "
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
David Coulthard may have impressed fans during a demo run at the Rajiv Gandhi Sea Link in Mumbai , but the Scot made sure organisers did not get their deposit back .
The Scot drove across the cable - stayed bridge at 260 km / h , despite having been warned not to go over 100 km / h , the prescribed speed limit over the bridge .
Coulthard 's exuberance , while impressing the 50,000 fans who attended the event , did not please the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation .
" We respect David for helping put the Link on the global map .
But he crossed the speed limit and we will have to recover the penalty .
We will not return the organisers ' deposit , " said a senior MSRDC official .
Organisers had paid Rs 35 lakh ( £ 45,500 ) to the MSRDC , of which 14 lakh were held as a deposit .
TOKYO 
For years , dolphin hunts off the seaside town of Taiji , which turn coastal waters red with blood each winter , have drawn the ire of Western activists .
But few among the Japanese public seemed to care , or even know , about the slaughter .
That could change with the first public screenings here of “ The Cove , ” an American documentary that used hidden cameras to film Taiji ’s annual dolphin hunts .
On Wednesday , Japanese moviegoers got their first glimpse of it at the Tokyo International Film Festival , held here this week .
Taiji is not the only community that hunts dolphins , thousands of which are killed across the world either by intent or by becoming ensnared in fishermen ’s nets .
But Taiji ’s fishermen are notorious drive hunters , banging on metal poles to herd panicked dolphins into a cove , then spearing them to death in what protesters describe as a gory bloodbath .
Image Fishermen in Taiji , in western Japan , bang on metal poles to herd panicked dolphins into a cove to then spear them to death .
Credit ... Oceanic Preservation Society
Japan killed about 13,000 dolphins in coastal waters in 2007 , according to the fisheries agency , of which about 1,750 were captured in Taiji .
Japan also hunts whales by using a loophole in the 1986 moratorium on commercial whaling that allows whales to be killed for research , though the catch from its research fleet ends up in Japanese supermarkets .
After a Hollywood police officer rear - ended a car in February and then arrested the driver on drunken driving charges , he and other officers talked about doctoring the report -- it said a jumpy cat created a distraction -- to cover up the crash .
The exchange was recorded by a dashboard camera in one of the patrol cars .
The officers apparently did n't realize it was on .
" I do n't want to make things up ever , because it 's wrong , but if I need to bend it a little bit to protect a cop , I 'm gonna , " one of the officers can be heard saying .
"
We 'll do a little Walt Disney to protect the cop because it would n't have mattered because she is drunk anyway .
" Alexandra Gabriela Torrensvilas , 23 , of Hollywood , ended up charged with four counts of drunken driving and cited for improper lane change .
On Tuesday , Hollywood police officials placed Officer Dewey Pressley , 42 , Officer Joel Francisco , 36 , Sgt. Andrew Diaz , 39 ; and civilian Community Service Officer Karim Thomas , age unavailable ; on administrative duty pending an internal affairs investigation and a review by the Broward State Attorney 's Office , said spokesman Lt. Scott Pardon .
Francisco was driving the car in the crash ; Pressley wrote the report and made the arrest .
Pressley 's report detailing the Feb. 17 midnight crash in the 2800 block of Sheridan Street said " a large gray stray cat " that had been sitting on Torrensvila 's lap jumped out of her car window and distracted her , causing her to veer into Francisco 's lane , where she abruptly braked , and he hit her .
" I will do the narrative for you , " one of the officers says on the tape .
" I know how I am going to word this , the cat gets him off the hook .
" Torrensvilas ' attorney , Larry Meltzer , said this is a disturbing " abuse of power . " " Actually seeing it transpire on video in front of you , it really kind of sickens you , " he said .
" It 's really nauseating to sit there and watch your client 's rights go out the window .
" Torrensvilas ' four DUI charges carry a maximum penalty of nearly three years in jail , Meltzer said .
He declined to say what will become of her case : " In my opinion , as of this time , it 's being handled appropriately .
" A spokesman for the Broward State Attorney 's Office declined to comment on the case or how it will proceed .
Pressley , a 21 - year veteran with the agency , wrote that when Francisco approached Torrensvilas ' car after the crash , she blurted : " It just jumped out .
" The " it " was " a large , gray stray cat " that had been sitting on her lap while she drove , the report said .
Francisco , who has been with the agency for nearly 11 years , smelled " a strong odor of an alcoholic beverage .
" Public Defender Howard Finkelstein on Tuesday sent a letter to Hollywood Police Chief Chadwick Wagner calling for answers and accountability .
"
Not only did these officers make a conscious decision to shift the blame to this young woman , but they made a concerted effort to write a narrative to fit ' their facts , ' " Finkelstein wrote .
He said his office has at least 27 pending cases in which these four officers are listed as material state witnesses .
Pardon , the police department 's spokesman , declined to respond to the allegations .
" We 'll see where the investigation goes , " he said .
Rosa Frias was working the evening shift at Bimbo Bakeries in South San Francisco when she reached into her bread - making machine to remove a hunk of dried dough .
She screamed as her left hand , and then her lower arm , were sucked into the gears of the Winkler stringline proofer .
That night , the limb had to be amputated above the elbow .
The incident drew a $ 21,750 fine from the California Division of Occupational Safety and Health .
But Bimbo paid nothing .
It appealed to the Cal - OSHA Appeals Board , which dismissed the case on a technicality :
The inspector had retired and Cal - OSHA could not prove that he had had permission to enter the factory .
Since that 2003 accident , five more employees in Bimbo ’s California plants have lost fingers or parts of fingers in accidents in which inspectors found similar safety violations .
In two of those accidents , the appeals board reduced the fines by thousands of dollars .
Advertisement
“ That is mind - boggling , ” said Linda Delp , director of UCLA ’s Labor Occupational Safety and Health program .
It is not , however , unusual for companies to fare well on appeals .
A Times review found that the board has repeatedly reduced or dismissed penalties levied by Cal - OSHA over the last few years , even in situations in which workers have died or been seriously injured .
The board ’s actions have done more than save companies money .
They have undermined Cal - OSHA ’s efforts to prevent future accidents , according to labor advocates , inspectors and state documents .
Earlier this year , 47 inspectors and district managers at Cal - OSHA , about a quarter of the staff , signed a letter to the board complaining that Cal - OSHA ’s “ deterrent effect has been significantly undermined as employers learn they can ‘ game the system . ’ ”
“ It sends a message that all an employer has to do is appeal , ” said Jeremy Smith of the California Labor Federation , a group that lobbies on behalf of unions .
“ Penalties will get whittled down , and the employer can write that off as the cost of doing business . ”
Advertisement
Candice Traeger , the chairwoman of the appeals board , acknowledged that during her tenure thousands of cases had been settled , often for cents on the dollar .
It is not because the board favors employers , she said : Rather , the board had to clear a backlog of 2,500 cases , a goal it accomplished earlier this year .
The backlog , which had drawn a federal complaint , was bad for workers , she said , because companies did not have to fix problems while their cases languished .
“ Eliminating the backlog . . . was what gave us the flexibility [ to ] do what we are doing now , which is make and create a better appeals process , ” said Traeger , a former Teamster union steward and executive at UPS who was appointed in 2004 by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Advertisement
In May , however , the state Senate Committee on Labor and Industrial Relations took Traeger ’s board to task over the way it had whittled down its caseload .
Drawing in part from testimony at a Senate oversight hearing , the committee issued a report that cited “ drastic ” penalty reductions for employers and a flawed hearing process .
According to the report , the board scheduled multiple cases to be heard simultaneously by the same judges , often far from where witnesses lived .
“ Many argue that this practice is resulting in fines and penalties for real workplace hazards being withdrawn , downgraded and severely reduced in coerced settlements , ” the report said .
Traeger countered that many cases have been settled because Cal - OSHA inspectors have not properly issued citations or documented the problems -- not her board ’s fault .
Advertisement
“ Honestly , nobody likes us , ” Traeger said .
“ I tend to think that means we ’re doing something right .
We ’re balanced , we ’re in the middle .
We make a determination on what ’s right under each case . ”
In California , imposing safety fines on an employer can be an elaborate process .
First , a Cal - OSHA inspector cites violations , which can be appealed to an administrative law judge appointed by the appeals board .
Then the three - member board can either accept the judge ’s decision or change it .
Its decisions , in turn , can be appealed in state court .
( Any fines collected go to the state , not the employees . )
The current board is made up of industry representative Traeger , public representative Robert Pacheco and labor representative Art Carter .
Carter was appointed in March after the labor seat had been vacant for two years .
Advertisement
There is no simple way to assess all 18,000 - plus appeals the board has handled since 2005 because the dockets are not readily accessible .
But one measure of the board ’s record is to look at cases in which the panel has stepped in to review its own judges ’ decisions .
These “ Decisions after Reconsideration ” are the board ’s way of setting precedent for its judges to follow .
The Times reviewed all 55 decisions the board has issued under Traeger , finding that in about half of them , the panel reduced or dismissed the employer ’s fine -- often by thousands of dollars .
It also changed the gravity of some findings -- reducing them from “ serious ” to “ general , ” which could have implications for a company ’s insurance costs and competitiveness .
In 11 of them , the board changed rulings in employers ’ favor even before an appeal was filed .
Some examples :
* When a worker died in Barstow in 2001 after a hopper with 13 tons of liquid asphalt fell on him , Cal - OSHA fined the company $ 18,000 for not securing the load -- a penalty upheld by a judge .
But the appeals board in 2007 dismissed the case , ruling that Cal - OSHA needed also to show that the design of the equipment was unsafe .
Advertisement
* A judge upheld a citation against a general contractor after a subcontractor ’s worker was injured in an accident involving a pressurized pipe .
But the board in 2007 dismissed the citation against the contractor even though there had been no appeal , saying the contractor could not be aware of a subcontractor ’s “ every activity . ”
* In a 2006 case , a worker ’s arm and fingers were injured when a rock conveyor moved unexpectedly at a quarry .
A fine of $ 12,600 was issued .
The appeals board stepped in to say that such fines can be reduced , at the board ’s discretion , for reasons that include financial hardship to an employer .
That decision drew a stinging dissent from the then - labor representative on the panel , Marcy Saunders .
“ A decision that allows a multimillion - dollar employer to be rewarded for committing a violation which results in the fracturing of a worker ’s [ limb ] and . . . potentially allows all ‘ financially distressed ’ employers to avoid responsibility for safety violations is , at best , irresponsible and , at worst , shameful . ”
The appeals board also has let stand judges ’ decisions to dismiss cases on narrow technical grounds .
Advertisement
Kevin Scott Noah , 42 , was installing rebar on the Golden Gate Bridge when he fell 50 feet to his death in August 2002 .
A Cal - OSHA investigator concluded that the contractor had not provided employees with scaffolds and issued three “ serious ” citations and a $ 26,000 fine , records show .
The contractor appealed on the grounds that Cal - OSHA had issued the citations to “ Shimmick Obayashi , ” the name listed on the company ’s business cards .
The company ’s full name was “ the Shimmick Construction Company Inc. / Obayashi Corp . ”
An administrative law judge tossed the case out , writing that Cal - OSHA had failed to determine the company ’s legal name .
Advertisement
Although the board let the decision stand , Traeger said , the panel since has begun allowing incorrect names to be amended on citations .
That is little comfort to Noah ’s mother , Sandra Noah , who said that her son had three boys who had to grow up without a father .
“ I just do n’t feel it ’s right , ” Noah said .
Dozens of times in the last two years , the board and its judges have summarily reduced a $ 5,000 fine that is levied on employers for not reporting workplace accidents within eight hours as required , according to the Senate report .
Traeger told The Times that flexibility is necessary to ensure that injuries get reported , and employers who report late should not be treated the same as those who try to hide accidents .
Advertisement
But Paul Koretz , a Los Angeles city councilman who wrote the reporting law when he was in the Assembly , said , “ This is not what was intended .
They are obviously trying to get around this legislation . ”
Labor advocates say the Bimbo case crystallizes their concerns about a process that they consider stacked against regulators and employees .
After Frias was injured , an inspector found that the machine that had mangled her hand lacked a required guard .
But by the time Bimbo ’s appeal was heard , in 2007 , that inspector had retired and was unavailable .
Cal -OSHA lawyers insisted that the inspector had permission to enter the factory :
His report said plant managers were cooperative .
What ’s more , Bimbo did not offer any evidence that it refused entry .
In addition , Frias ’ foreman testified that it was standard procedure for employees to put their hands into machines .
Advertisement
Even so , the judge dismissed the case , so Bimbo was not required to fix the problems .
Over the next three years , six more employees lost fingers or parts of fingers , and Cal - OSHA filed citations against Bimbo in five of the accidents .
Cindy Marquez ’s case at the Montebello plant was eerily similar to Frias ’ :
She too reached into a machine without the proper guards , records show .
The judge ruled that Cal - OSHA had not offered enough proof that an unguarded blade should be a serious violation .
The fine was reduced from $ 22,500 to $ 5,000 .
Cal - OSHA has appealed .
A representative of a public relations company retained by Bimbo issued a statement that said , in part , “ the use of the appellate process provided under the law did not delay our efforts to correct safety issues that arose at our plants . ”
Advertisement
Union officials at the plants confirmed that the company eventually learned from the accidents and has since spent millions of dollars improving safety .
After The Times began asking about the Bimbo cases , Cal - OSHA inspected several of the company ’s facilities earlier this month .
“ Bimbo has a significant way to go to achieve acceptable workplace safety levels , ” said Division Chief Len Welsh through a spokesman .
Traeger , meanwhile , said the board intends to review the judge ’s decision in the Frias case .
Advertisement
Six years after her accident , Frias ’ workers ’ compensation attorney says she is too distraught to talk about it .
The attorney , Donald Galine , was incredulous when told of the subsequent injuries at Bimbo plants .
“ Five injuries after Rosa ? ” he said .
“ Had the state done what they are supposed to , maybe Rosa would not have been saved -- but maybe others would have . ”
--
jessica.garrison@latimes.com
Classical guitar is a six string chordophone .
There ’s a good chance you ’re familiar with steel string or electric guitars .
Classical guitar differs from its steel stringed cousins in a few key ways :
The strings on a classical guitar are nylon .
Classical guitarists play , for the most part , with their fingers — finger picking — rather than with a pick .
Despite the classical in the name , classical guitars do n’t have to be used to play art ( classical ) music .
All genres are performed on nylon string guitars , but this website is mostly focused on their use for art music .
The modern classical guitar ’s lineage traces its origins back to 16th century Spain , where the classical guitar ’s ancestor , the vihuela , was in use .
Composers Luis de Milan and Luis de Narvaez ( among others ) composed for and performed on the instrument .
In renaissance France , a four course guitar was in used by performers / composers Adrian le Roy and others .
During the Baroque era , a five course guitar emerged .
Composers such as de Visee and Corbetta ( both in France ) and Sanz ( in Spain ) were actively performing and writing music for the instrument .
Sometime in the time between the late baroque and early classical eras ( late 18th century into early 19th century ) , a sixth course was added to the guitar .
19th century guitar virtuoso composers such as Fernando Sor and Dionisio Aguado performed on a guitar similar to the modern classical guitar but not quite the same .
During the late 19th century a luthier by the name of Antonio Torres built what could be called the first modern classical guitars .
In the 20th century guitar virtuoso Andres Segovia popularized the classical guitar for the general public .
Other artists such as Julian Bream worked closely with modern composers on new works for Classical Guitar while Segovia stuck to a more traditional music track .
Today the classical guitar continues to enjoy popularity with the art music crowd .
Guitarists from around the world , from metal heads to classically trained prodigies , flock to universities to study the instrument .
This has led to many classical guitar festival and competitions along with new guitar departments at many colleges .
In 1969 , Philip Roth 's most famous character , the sex - obsessed Alexander Portnoy confessed to his analyst : " What I 'm saying , Doctor , is that I do n't seem to stick my dick up these girls , as much as I stick it up their backgrounds – as though through fucking I will discover America . "
That was 40 years ago , but the reverberations are still being felt .
Portnoy 's Complaint , which the New Yorker greeted as " one of the dirtiest books ever published " , helped Roth shake off any lingering respectability he had earned from his early novels .
" Enough being a nice Jewish boy , publicly pleasing my parents while privately pulling my putz ! " cried Portnoy from his analyst 's couch .
As he did so , Roth was denounced by leading Jewish figures , while critics went wild and the novel became an instant bestseller .
The respectable boy from Newark , New Jersey had embarked on his lifelong work refining what has been called his art of immaturity .
Roth used the brilliant conceit of Portnoy 's Complaint – a monologue delivered by a neurotic man to his psychoanalyst – as a way of exposing the guilt - ridden mess the Jewish male found himself in during the 1960s .
While sexual liberation was blooming all around them , nice Jewish boys were trying to reconcile their insurgent libidos with their strict family backgrounds .
Fizzing with exclamation marks and capital letters , the pages of Portnoy 's Complaint caused such uproar because they were the first to show " a Jew going wild in public " , which according to Roth was " the last thing in the world a Jew was supposed to do " .
And Portnoy certainly goes wild .
His revelations are delivered with feverish abandon .
From his early teenage years – where his obsession with masturbation sees him making love to a raw liver his mother later serves for dinner – he chronicles his transformation into a " cunt crazy " adult male , spending his days " chasing it , sniffing it , lapping it , shtupping it , but above all , thinking about it " .
Portnoy is bent on grounding Jewishness in something human , dirty and real .
As he famously screams at his therapist : " LET'S PUT THE ID BACK IN YID ! "
So how does it stand up in 2009 – now that explicit novels such as Charlotte Roche 's Wetlands and Chuck Palahniuk 's Snuff are as likely to provoke boredom as outrage ?
Does it retain its power ?
I 'd argue that it does – for two reasons .
First , the book shows
Roth striking the wellspring that has flowed through his writing ever since : the connection between sex and mortality .
As Portnoy explains in a rare moment of non-obscenity , his flaming libido represents " the desire continually burning within for the new , the wild , the unthought - of and , if you can imagine such a thing , the undreamt - of " .
As with Roth 's recent novels , in which elderly protagonists rage against their dwindling virility ( David Kepesh in The Dying Animal ; Nathan Zuckerman in Exit Ghost ) , Portnoy 's Complaint asserts that to be sexual is to be fully alive – while to have that denied is a form of living death .
Second , the novel transcends its own vulgarity – placing it beyond easy dismissals as mere literary porn – by using sex to explore pretty much everything else : history , culture , identity , religion , politics .
High on the euphoria of confession , Portnoy divulges not simply his fondness for " whacking off " – considerable though that is – but also his desire to escape his Jewish history by heading to the sexual frontier in search of a new identity – " As though my manifest destiny is to seduce a girl from each of the forty - eight states " , as he puts it .
And this works both ways for characters in the novel .
The filthy antics Portnoy gets up to with his all - American girlfriend from West Virginia are their mutual doomed attempts to escape everything they find loathsome about their cultural inheritance .
So despite reaching 40 , that milestone of respectability , Portnoy 's Complaint is still a masterclass in how to get beneath the skin of sexuality .
Has any other novel managed it quite so well ?
Atheists Helping the Homeless Atheists Helping the Homeless has moved from this site and is now located at :
Atheists Helping the Homeless
http://www.youtube.com/user/aajoeyjo
http://www.myspace.com/AtheistsHH
http://twitter.com/AtheistsHH
Thanks for visiting !
Submitted by aajoeyjo on Sat , 2009 - 10 - 17 02:33 .
UPDATE 5:24 p.m. :
It 's up to $ 500,000 now .
UPDATE 2:57 P.M.
The DCCC now puts the figure at $ 400,000 .
This could be heading toward a million , and the pace is quickening .
UPDATE 1:59 p.m. Wow .
Over $ 350,000 in about 18 hours from 10,000 donors .
This is definitely in Tinklenberg territory .
Miller has raised nearly as much in less than 24 hours as he did in all of 2008 .
UPDATE 11:20 a.m. :
The number is now up to $ 200,000 from 5,000 contributors .
Miller raised just $ 390,000 for his whole 2008 campaign , self - funding another $ 235,000 .
Shades of El Tinklenberg ?
Rob Miller , Rep. Joe Wilson ’s ( R - S.C. )
Democratic opponent in 2010 , raised $ 100,000 in the eight hours after Wilson ’s outburst during President Obama ’s health care speech last night , according to an informed source .
That figure comes from 3,000 individual contrbutions .
You ’ll recall Democrat Tinklenberg could n’t count the money fast enough at the end of the 2008 election cycle after Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn . ) suggested President Obama was un-American .
Wilson defeated Miller 54 - 46 in 2008 , so the money could go to something worthwhile .
We ’ll keep an eye on whether the funds keeps rolling in .
Busty Bianca Beauchamp Showing Tits and Pussy at Beach
Bianca Beauchamp ’s photos are from her official website BiancaBeauchamp.com
Want some more photos of this exotic superb looking beauty Bianca Beauchamp ?..
>> Then Follow This Link … <<
Bianca Beauchamp is the queen of modelling …
She has fantastic slim and stacked body … and cute sexy face to seduce you at first glimpse … .
Download Complete Scene NOW and join her on beach … .
Official website BiancaBeauchamp.com for more complete photo sets and videos ..
Bianca ’
Photos and videos at her official website are much more quality and at much higher resolution …
Ready for more movies of her ?
THEN ENTER NOW !
_
Reading Hu Jintao ’s mind
Hu Jintao is simultaneously President of China , General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party , and chairman of China ’s Central Military Commission .
Last year Newsweek labeled him the “ second most powerful man in the world , ” and he has undoubtedly watched the events of the past few years with keen interest and no small amount of satisfaction .
Here ’s what I imagine he ’s thinking these days …
“ We are realists here in the People ’s Republic , and in a sense we have been for centuries .
Even during the most radical phases of our history — such as the Great Leap Forward or the Cultural Revolution — our foreign policy was prudent and keenly attuned to the balance of power .
The United States has had the world ’s largest economy for more than a century , and despite some self - inflicted wounds , it is still the world ’s most powerful country .
We recognize this fact , and our current strategy of “ peaceful rise ” reflects what we have learned by studying the U.S. experience .
America became a great world power by remaining aloof from the quarrels of the other major powers and letting them destroy each other in ruinous wars , while it built its own economic strength and gradually established itself as the dominant power in its own region .
When it did fight wars , it picked weak and easily defeated opponents or it waited until the last minute to get involved in wars with other great powers .
The United States was the last major power to enter both World War I and World War II , and it made sure that other states bore the heaviest burdens during the fighting .
As a result , both wars ended with the United States in the strongest position .
Our strategy of “ peaceful rise ” reflects a similar set of calculations .
We want to stay out of pointless quarrels with others and avoid costly military commitments , at least until our economic strength equals that of America .
For this reason , we are happy to let the United States take the lead in troubled regions like the Middle East or Central Asia .
Why should n’t we want them to squander their strength trying to fix intractable global problems , while we retain good relations with all parties ?
It just makes sense .
I do miss President George W. Bush , of course .
We had good relations with the United States while he was president , and he even came to visit us during our Olympics .
I probably should have thanked him personally for all the foolish things he did , like letting Bin Laden and the Taliban slip through his fingers in Afghanistan and then invading Iraq in 2003 .
He did cultivate closer ties with India and that development did n’t make me happy , but on the whole , his threats and bluster frightened many U.S. allies and made U.S. relations with states like Iran even worse than they were before .
Needless to say , these policies created valuable opportunities for China , and we ’ve been quick to take advantage of them .
While America was distracted and wasting hundreds of billions occupying hostile countries — we were establishing profitable commercial ties in the oil - rich Persian Gulf and quietly expanding our influence in our own Asian backyard .
President Bush also helped us by presiding over scandals such as Abu Ghraib , Hurricane Katrina , and the treatment of terrorist suspects at Guantanamo .
To be frank , I never understood why some Americans are so obsessed with protecting “ rights . ”
In fact , I was pleased to discover that former Vice President Cheney agrees with me ; he understands how a strong executive deals with potential troublemakers !
I sometimes think he ’d make a good Vice President here .
Anyway , the good news for us is that these events made the United States look both incompetent and hypocritical and made it harder for Washington to criticize my own domestic policies .
I owe former president Bush a real debt of gratitude ; I should probably call him and say thanks .
I confess that I wanted John McCain to win the 2008 election , because I thought he would keep America on the same failed course .
And having someone like Governor Palin as Vice President was almost too much to hope for .
So naturally I was worried when Barack Obama got elected ; he seemed smart and level - headed and is obviously a gifted politician .
He ’s much more charismatic than Bush and to be frank , he ’s a lot more charismatic than I am .
So I asked myself : Would he be able reverse America ’s recent missteps and restore its international reputation ?
And at first , it seemed like he might do just that .
But now I ’m not so concerned .
President Obama may have good instincts and intentions , but his aides do n’t seem to be giving him very good advice .
He is going to get most U.S. troops out of Iraq ( a smart move for him , but not so good for me ) but he ’s getting a lot of pressure to put more troops and money into Afghanistan .
I hope he does , because that will leave the United States with fewer resources to devote to containing China .
Moreover , President Obama does n’t seem to be making any headway with Iran or the Middle East peace process , and failure there will make that big speech in Cairo look rather silly .
Obama also wants China and India and other developing countries to make big concessions on greenhouse gas emissions , but he ’s having trouble getting his own Congress to adopt a serious program and I doubt we ’ll face much genuine pressure at the upcoming summit in Copenhagen .
That ’s a relief .
And I ca n’t help smiling to myself whenever I think about America ’s domestic political system .
Americans like to lecture China about the importance of “ free speech ” and other quaint Western concepts , but at least I do n’t have to deal with madmen spouting nonsense on television and radio and special interest groups making it impossible to enact reforms that the nation as a whole badly needs .
I may have some minor problems in Xinjiang , but I hear states like California are rapidly becoming ungovernable and that the universities we used to envy are losing their edge .
I even hear that Harvard is n’t so rich anymore .
This makes me smile too , because a well - educated population is the key to future power and a society that is content to be ignorant cannot remain a world power for long .
Meanwhile , my economy is beginning to grow rapidly again , while the United States piles up debt and lots of people there are looking for work .
I do like that nice young Treasury Secretary ; he understands that he needs my help to keep the world economy afloat and he is n’t going to try to browbeat us very much .
The silly new tariff on imported tires is annoying and we will of course issue a loud protest , but even that reactionary magazine The Economist said it was “ bad politics , bad economics , bad diplomacy , and hurts America . ”
So from where I sit , the view looks pretty good .
America likes to say that it is the “ leader of the free world ” and I ’m happy to let them have that title — for now — provided they stay focused on other issues and let China ’s peaceful rise continue .
The more “ global leadership ” they insist upon taking , the more resources they will expend , the faster they will decline , and the sooner we will be in a position to supplant them .
I do have one lingering concern , however .
America ’s leaders may come to their senses , and go back to the unsentimental realism that guided their rise to greatness in the 19th and early 20th centuries .
They might discover what Sun Tzu taught —
“ There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare ” — and stop insisting on bearing all the world ’s burdens themselves .
But then I remember what their foreign policy “ debate ” is like , and I recall that both Democrats and Republicans seem equally eager to interfere all over the world , and suddenly that danger does n’t seem very great .
In fact , the future looks bright . ”
MAYELA LOPEZ / AFP / Getty Images
" Of course there are many HIV organisations that run their own campaigns , however I think the advert is incredibly stigmatising to people living with HIV who already face much stigma and discrimination due to ignorance about the virus , " a spokeswoman for the National AIDS Trust , which co-ordinates World Aids Day in Britain , said .
Ken Lewis ' litigation fan club just got some new fans .
Looks like one more person , this time Ohio Attorney General Richard Cordray , is joining the fight against what Dick Bove has called the " great distraction . "
And while Dick would undoubtedly love to bury not just the Merrill scandal deep under the carpet , but also all his recommendation calls from last year , others seem less sanguine about what virtually everyone ( except the bank itself , of course ) acknowledges is blatant securities fraud .
The Attorney General noted in the class action lawsuit , filed on behalf of five pension funds , that he could seek billions in damages .
More relevantly , he plans to take sworn testimonies from such current and former executives Mr. Lewis and the commode expert himself , John Thain .
“ They were concealing billions of dollars in losses with one hand and clearing the way for extravagant bonus payments with the other , ” said Attorney General Cordray .
“ This case gives the public pension funds and other shareholders a chance to stand up against Wall Street . ”
The lawsuit alleges that Bank of America , during merger negotiations , agreed to allow Merrill Lynch to pay up to $ 5.8 billion in discretionary year - end bonuses to its executives and employees , but failed to disclose that material information important to shareholders .
Additionally , in the two months just prior to the shareholder vote on the merger , Merrill Lynch suffered billions in losses .
The complaint alleges that senior executives at both Merrill Lynch and Bank of America were aware of these massive and highly material losses but did not disclose the information to investors prior to the vote .
And some more informative disclosures from the lawsuit :
During the abbreviated merger negotiations , BoA and Merrill spent considerable time negotiating the discretionary year - end bonuses that Merrill executives and employees would receive for 2008 .
The bonus discussions lasted until 2 a.m. on September 15 , and ultimately BoA agreed to allow Merrill to pay up to $ 5.8 billion in discretionary year - end bonuses – an amount which represented 12 % of the merger price , and more than 75 % of the “ record ” $ 7.5 billion profit Merrill had reported in 2006 ( the last year it would ever report a profit ) .
BoA , Thain , and Lewis also agreed to allow Merrill to accelerate payment of these bonuses so that Merrill could pay them in December 2008 , before the merger closed , rather than in January , when bonuses were supposed to be paid at Merrill , to ensure that Merrill would be able to exercise significant control over the bonus amounts and the recipients of the bonuses .
Throughout October and November 2008 – the two months immediately preceding the December 5 , 2008 shareholder vote on the merger – Merrill and BoA suffered highly material undisclosed losses that greatly jeopardized the solvency of Merrill and the combined company .
In October 2008 alone , Merrill lost a staggering $ 7 billion .
In November 2008 , Merrill lost an additional $ 6.3 billion , and also suffered a goodwill impairment of another $ 2 billion in connection with the failure of its wholly - owned subprime residential mortgage lender .
Thus , by the date of the merger vote , Merrill had lost at least $ 15.3 billion in just two months – and Merrill was internally projecting billions of dollars of additional losses in December .
The losses were
And a slighlty different spin on the Fed 's involvement in the fiasco :
After reviewing Merrill ’s and BoA ’s financial data , senior officials of the U.S. Federal Reserve System ( the “ Federal Reserve ” ) concluded that Lewis ’s claims of surprise were “ not credible , ” and that Merrill ’s financial deterioration had been “ observably under way over the entire quarter . ”
Indeed , documents and other evidence establish that Merrill ’s losses were far greater in October and November 2008 than in December 2008 , and that BoA , which had appointed its Chief Accounting Officer , Neil A. Cotty ( “ Cotty ” ) , to be Merrill ’s acting CFO when the merger was announced , knew of these losses as they occurred .
Accordingly , Secretary Paulson and Chairman Bernanke told Lewis that invoking the MAC “ after three months of review , preparation and public remarks by the management of Bank of America about the benefits of the acquisition ” would reveal the falsity of those statements , and “ cast doubt in the minds of financial market participants . . . about the due diligence and analysis done by the company , its capability to consummate significant acquisitions , its overall risk management processes , and the judgment of its management . ”
As Secretary Paulson later testified to Congress , he also told Lewis that , if Lewis invoked the MAC , Lewis , BoA ’s senior management , and BoA ’s Board of Directors ( the “ BoA Board ” ) would be terminated .
After this threat , Defendant Lewis agreed not to invoke the MAC , and to proceed with the merger .
However , in order to prevent BoA ’s collapse from the weight of Merrill ’s losses – which by that point were approaching $ 20 billion for the quarter – Lewis asked for and obtained a commitment that BoA would receive a $ 138 billion taxpayer bailout , consisting of a highly dilutive $ 20 billion capital infusion and an asset guarantee of $ 118 billion .
Recognizing that disclosure of these facts would lead to a shareholder revolt and almost certainly prevent the merger from closing – and thus cost him his job – Defendant Lewis actively concealed the Government ’s commitment from his shareholders .
In a December 22 , 2008 email to the BoA Board , Lewis wrote , “ I just talked with Hank Paulson .
He said there is no way the Federal Reserve and the Treasury could send us a letter of any substance [ documenting the bailout ] without public disclosure which , of course , we do not want . ”
One wonders just how many civil and / or criminal lawsuits against him will it take for Ken Lewis to finally get the message that people are not crazy with the way he handled the whole Merrill thing .
At least according to Gasparino the tipping point may occur if and when the SEC decides not to drop its charge against the firm , and to finally extract its pound of flesh from the guilty parties .
At this point this seems like the only way out for the troubled CEO .
Yet with the SEC attempting to rectify its devastated public image , it appears that Ken will be the fall guy for the second and last time in his career : first for the benefit of Ben Bernanke , and now , for Mary Schapiro .
As to the next logical question of who will replace Lewis , the answer is still unknown although several key candidates are already solidifying .
Full lawsuit presented below , which is a must read for all , who unlike Dick Bove , think that lying to your shareholders about the mismanagement of several tens of billions of dollars , is actually a kinda of a big deal .
Via a reader , Yonhap News has put out a parade of horribles regarding native - speaking English teachers .
“ I heard the teacher sometimes uses words like ’ shit ’ and ’ shut up ’ .
When the teacher is in a bad mood he tosses out the book .
I heard one day he had the children write ‘ I do n’t want to study ’ 100 times .
It ’s just so bizarre . ”
40 - year old Ilsan housewife Ms. Kim , a mother of two , did n’t know what to do .
With native - speaker English teachers increasing in number doubts about their character remain .
There are of course teachers who take a lackadaisical attitude to lessons or end them when they feel like it and others who have forged credentials .
According to the Ministry of Education , Science , and Technology on the 11th , there were 2,456 native speaker English teachers in public schools nationwide at the end of September 2006 , and that increased to 3,693 in 2007 .
Last year that increased by over 1,700 to reach 5,417 by the end of September .
The increase of 3,000 people in two years is part of the rapid expansion policy , but there continue to be cases of native - speaker teachers who have poor credentials or characters .
Yonhap News learned from parents and teachers of middle school D in Jangan - gu , Suwon , where a native - speaker teacher from the United Kingdom came to school drunk and caused a disturbance .
The drunken teacher began teaching sex education to the students in words they could not understand , saying “ the reason I ’m not married is I do n’t want to have kids like you , ” and “ Dokdo is Japanese . ”
An English teacher named Choi who works at a high school in Jeollanam - do said , “ they do n’t know the basic purpose of education .
During lesson song times they just sing songs over and over , 10 or 20 times .
I totally fail to see how you can learn English through pop songs . ”
English teachers who have to conduct lessons with native - speaker teachers say the biggest problem with them is lack of attention to lesson planning .
One teacher who was worked with a native - speaker teacher for 18 months said , “ because elementary school students must be made interested in English , lesson preparation is the most important thing .
But native - speaker teachers will prepare just two lessons in a year .
Even that is for demonstration lessons . ”
One elementary school teacher in Seoul said , “ last year a native - speaker teacher who was at school for the first time was gone for a month claiming illness .
Then for two weeks the teacher worked , then quit saying it was hard .
Finally we went a semester with no native - speaker teacher . ”
The Ministry says such native - speaker teachers are a minority , but statistics say otherwise .
Ministry statistics show that from January to April of last year 54 native - speaker teachers quit without notice or resigned for reasons including inability to fit in , work , and illness .
That was the number for four months , and is equivalent to 160 in a year .
Last year there were over 5,000 native - speaker teachers , a number that indicates a serious problem .
There are also not a few native - speaker teachers who have been caught with insufficient or forged credentials .
A teacher at S high school in Yongin said , “ when the teacher first came to school I asked what his major was and he said Social Counseling , and during a lesson said he graduated from Technical College .
But in another lesson he said his major was Animal Science .
I do n’t understand . ”
A teacher at an elementary school in Mokdong said , “ I had doubts about the character of a native - speaker teacher at a nearby school and discovered his credentials were forged .
In the end the foreigner did a midnight run . ”
Experts say there is no way to postpone reforms to the system of recruiting native - speaker teachers .
They say that the system of hiring , managing , and insuring native - speaker English teachers must be expanded not quantitatively but qualitatively and established in an organized fashion .
Ju Hyeong - mi , researcher with the Korea Institude for Curriculum and Evaluation ( 한국교육과정평가원 ) , said , “ to hire high - quality native - speaker teachers , various reforms should be implemented , including strict credential requirements , continuing education sessions , and access to model lessons . ”
SEOUL , South Korea —
When King Sejong the Great set out to create a Korean alphabet for his people during the Joseon Dynasty in the 15th century , he did so out of the goodness of his heart .
Previously , only highly educated Koreans were able to write using Chinese characters that differed greatly from the spoken language .
“ I have created 28 new characters out of pity [ for those who cannot express their desires in Chinese ] , so that everyone can easily learn and use them with ease in their daily lives , ” King Sejong said when announcing the creation of his letters .
Little did he know how far that sentiment would stretch .
Today — thousands of miles away , and hundreds of years later — Indonesian schoolchildren on the small island of Buton are setting to work learning his letters .
With their unwritten language on the road to extinction , the native Cia -Cia people are making an effort to see if the Korean alphabet , called Hangul , can be their alphabet , too .
Because the Cia -Cia have a purely spoken language , they were an ideal experimental group for a society of Korean scholars , who specialize in Hangul and were looking to spread their native characters to populations that are still without a written system .
“ Language is one of the treasures of humankind .
It ’s like a treasure box that holds the wisdom of its native people .
What we ’re trying to do by sharing Hangul is to delay that treasure from disappearing , ” said Kim Juwon , president of Hunminjeongeum Society , which propelled the adoption of Hangul in Indonesia .
Hunminjeongeum is what Hangul was first called in the 15th century .
The project began just over a year ago .
After learning that almost six or seven minority groups did not have an alphabet on Buton island , northeast of Jakarta , the group approached one of the native people , the Cia -Cia .
To their surprise , the city government of Bau - Bau , where roughly 4,000 Cia-Cia people reside , agreed to adopt the East Asian alphabet .
Most of the Cia -Cia above the age of 40 are able to speak their language fluently , according to Kim , but the younger generations are more likely to only understand what is being spoken to them , and more often communicate in Indonesian .
Indonesian officials were not available to provide statistics on how many Cia -Cia still speak their native tongue .
The Cia -Cia , who are mostly Muslim , have tried over the years to adopt several different written scripts in an effort to preserve their language .
There is evidence that they experimented with Arabic , without much success .
They are also said to occasionally use the English alphabet to spell out certain words , but they never developed the practice into a systematic way of writing .
So , why adopt Korea ’s Hangul ?
“ The premise always has to be that there is no single alphabet that can express all of the languages across the world , ” said Kim , who is also a linguist at Seoul National University .
“ But Hangul excels in phonetic representation . ”
Hangul consists of 24 letters : 14 consonants and 10 vowels .
The original alphabet had four extra letters that were later removed due to the lack of use , but despite that , the Korean letters have kept their phonetic rules intact over the years , unlike English .
“ [ In the English alphabet ] , if you look at the sound of double 'o 's , it has a ' u ' sound like in the word ' foot , ' ” Kim explained , “ so the English alphabet has actually messed up the original phonetic value that each letter had . ”
According to Kim , the same goes with the “ a ” sound in the word “ face . ”
It should sound more like " a " in the word “ fast ” when pronounced with a British accent .
He believes the changes over the years have made the Roman alphabet much more challenging to adopt .
As part of their mission to help the Cia -Cia preserve their fading language , a linguist from the Society collaborated with a local teacher to create a textbook using Hangul .
The textbook took more than a year to complete , and has only been in use at primary and junior high - schools for a couple months .
But the response , so far , has been good , says a local official .
“ They really like it , learning Hangul , ” Ivnu Wahid , a Bau - Bau city official , who facilitated the project , said .
“ It ’s a good idea for the future , because the community can use the Korean alphabet language , they can also get work in Korea , ” Wahid added .
Kim and other members from the Hunminjeongeum Society are waiting to see how the Cia -Cia people adapt to their new writing system before seeking out other places to share Hangul .
For now , the targets will primarily be Asian countries , because of the physical proximity and relatively similar cultural values .
“ But in the future , we will seek out all places with endangered languages and no writing systems , ” Kim said .
According to Unesco , it is impossible to quantify how many of the world 's roughly 6,800 languages go unwritten .
Though Unesco puts forth that it is safe to say more than 6,000 of those languages are spoken by groups of less than a million people each , with some languages boasting less than 1,000 speakers .
In other words , 95 percent of the world 's languages are spoken by only 5 percent of its population .
Editor 's note :
This story was updated to reflect the fact that Hangul was created around 600 years ago , and not thousands of years ago .
MARIJUANA fans take heart .
It seems that when times are hard , liberal attitudes to drugs tend to prevail .
Euan Wilson of the Socionomics Institute in Gainesville , Georgia , finds that anti-drug laws in the US tend to coincide with high share prices , and legalisation with low .
Comparing today ’s situation with alcohol prohibition in the US between 1920 and 1933 , Wilson says that just as alcohol was legalised when the economic slump reached its nadir , so concessions to marijuana use could be around the corner ( The Socionomist , July 2009 ) .
“ The current mood is very similar to the 1930s , ” says Wilson .
He …
The 15 - strong squad in Budaors , Hungary , scooped the jackpot with their ticket on Tuesday and all resigned on the spot .
Despite being born at the same time as India , Pakistan seems to be regressing while India becomes an increasingly influential player in global politics .
This is because Pakistan has refused to end the feudal system unlike India .
Pakistani land reforms were first attempted in the 1950s by General Mohammad Ayub Khan 's government , who wanted , among other social improvements , to increase " agricultural output , promote social justice , and ensure security of tenure " .
However , the regulations did n't really break up large land holdings or reduce the power of the zamindars .
The ceiling was placed on individual ownership , not on families , so land was simply distributed among the family members , thus leaving all the power and control with the zamindars .
In 1973 , Zulfikar Ali Bhutto 's government attempted land reform again .
Legislation required , " landlords to pay all taxes , water charges , seed costs , and one - half of the cost of fertilizer and other inputs .
It prohibited eviction of tenants as long as they cultivated the land , and it gave tenants first rights of purchase .
Other regulations increased tenants ' security of tenure and prescribed lower rent rates than had existed . "
However , Bhutto's government was ousted by Zia Ul - Haq , who did not implement the reforms .
Zia chose to ignore the practical needs of the people , preferring to inject a politicized Islamic identity to foment public support in the fight for Kashmir against India and Communism in Afghanistan .
Zia passed the misogynist Hudood laws resurrecting archaic practices like the stoning of women for adultery , and made piety a factor in promotions of civil servants .
If you were not an orthodox Sunni Muslim , kiss your chance at upward mobility good - bye .
Today , the air is tense wherever you walk in Pakistan .
Whether you talk to a middle - class housewife in Karachi , the driver taking you to Lahore , or a schoolteacher in Rawalpindi , the people are jittery .
I spoke to a widow who was evicted from her rental after the owners found out she was Shia , a minority Muslim sect in Pakistan .
In her new rental , electricity rationing turns off the fans and AC for 3 hours in the morning and two in the evening .
At the height of summer , temperatures can reach 115 degrees with humidity .
Worse yet , while Musharaff had a tariff on electricity in the 50 % range , Zardari raised it to the 70s .
Most people believe he is personally pocketing the tax to benefit himself .
His fertile history of accepting kickbacks in the 90s makes this conspiracy theory very palatable and explains his nickname of " Mr. 10 % . "
Tension , is especially among the middle class , who make up less than 10 % of the population .
Many do n't vote because they know they do n't matter numerically , but Pakistan technically has elections , so it is sadly considered a democracy .
Unfortunately , in a nation where Parliamentarians double as zamindars , or landlords , the debate over what the government should be doing for the average Pakistani is limited to tea - time banter among " educated " types .
None actually do anything about the inequality and corruption they see around them because , if you 're a landlord , it would go against your own interests to empower the people working your lands .
Or , as a member of the middle - class , efforts towards " change " feel meaningless since it might get one killed , jailed or in the very least cause undue embarrassment to family for putting yourself " out there " , especially if you 're a girl .
The failure of the Pakistani government to provide for the people has allowed political Islam to grow and enamor too many citizens with a utopian vision of society that is untenable .
While the Taliban may eventually be run out of town , the Jamaat - i- Islami party may gain favor as a " moderate " manifestation of the same emotional need for supremacy that a " Muslim first " identity demands ; working off of latent desires among many that " Islam " is the answer .
Pakistanis are at a crossroads .
Are they Pakistani first or Muslim first ?
The founder of Pakistan wanted a secular democracy for the Muslim peoples of the subcontinent .
As a democratic constitutionals , Jinnah saw no conflict in living in a society where faith blurs the line between culture and religion daily , but at the same time respected every citizen equally under the law independent of their religious identity .
The recent murders of six Christians in Gojra , Punjab for allegedly violating Pakistan 's blasphemy law serve as a reminder that in a land where most citizens do not have opportunities to better their lives , nor are equally protected under the law above gender , class , or faith , the " might " of the dominant religion will always be used as a pretext to harm others for personal gain if the faith is allowed to be politicized as Islam has in many Muslim majority nations , including Pakistan .
Various Commands
11 If men get into a fight with one another , and the wife of one intervenes to rescue her husband from the grip of his opponent by reaching out and seizing his genitals , 12 you shall cut off her hand ; show no pity .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The situation at recently rescued Chrysler Group is even more dire than first thought , the CEO of Italy 's Fiat -- which came to the aid of the U.S. automaker -- said Wednesday .
" We were surprised by how little had been done in the past 24 months , " Sergio Marchionne told reporters in Frankfurt , Germany .
Chrysler will present a revised business plan in November , Marchionne told reporters .
" We have to be absolutely clear about what we want to do with Chrysler and , as a management team , where the organization is going to be in five years , " Marchionne said , according to the industry newspaper Automotive News .
Unlike General Motors , which has continued to roll out new and redesigned products even as it entered and exited bankruptcy , Chrysler has had little to tout .
Its most recent new market entries are the Dodge Challenger muscle car -- essentially a re-bodied Dodge Charger sedan -- and the Ram pick - up .
The only new product Chrysler has entering the market this year is an industrial - duty version of the Ram truck .
After that , a new version of the Jeep Grand Cherokee mid-sized SUV is n't expected until the middle of next year .
Even if the Grand Cherokee is a terrific product , its timing is unfortunate , said Michelle Krebs , senior analyst with Edmunds.com .
" The 2011 Grand Cherokee is an SUV being launched into a market that does n't favor SUVs , " she said .
In terms of smaller cars and more fuel - efficient crossover SUVs , nothing is expected from Chrysler in the near future .
Industry analyst Todd Turner of Car Concepts Automotive Research , speaking from the floor of the Frankfurt Motor Show , found it difficult to believe Marchionne 's assertion that he did n't know how little work had been going on at Chrysler .
" I'm a little surprised that he was surprised , " he said .
More likely , Turner said , Marchionne is laying the groundwork for drastic actions that will be announced in November but may have been planned all along .
" That is that Chrysler is over , basically , " he said of Chrysler 's flagship car brand .
" Within five years , you 're going to see nothing . "
Chrysler also makes Dodge and Jeep vehicles .
Even if the Chrysler name survives , Turner predicted , the vehicles marketed under that name will be Fiat products .
On the other hand , Marchionne may simply be enjoying his freedom to be more honest now that the Chrysler deal is completed and laying the groundwork to make himself and Fiat seem all the more like saviors .
suggested James Bell , market analyst for the auto Web site KBB.com .
" If they did n't come in as the proverbial white knight , Chrysler would be going through liquidation right now , " he said .
Chrysler had no comment about Marchionne 's statement to the press .
In its deal to rescue Chrysler , Fiat took a 20 % stake in the struggling automaker in exchange for partnering with Chrysler on new products , especially small and mid-sized cars .
Fiat did not invest any cash into Chrysler and , Marchionne told reporters , does not plan to do so now .
He said he hopes no outside investment will be needed as part of the new restructuring , according to Automotive News .
Marchionne said he expects U.S. auto sales , industrywide , to total about 11 million vehicles next year .
If demand does n't go up to that level , from the current level of roughly 10 million units , Chrysler may have to close more factories , he said , according to the newspaper .
If the guy has by no skill had the prospect to check to examine and write - illiterate .
If the guy can no longer study to examine and write , perhaps dyslexic or of low intelligence ( which i do no longer advise as an insult , yet a fact ) .
Frequently Asked Questions
What does 350 do ?
We ’re an international movement of ordinary people working to end the age of fossil fuels and build a world of community - led renewable energy for all .
350 works on grassroots campaigns across the globe , from opposing coal plants and mega- pipelines , to supporting renewable energy solutions and cutting the financial lifelines of the fossil fuel industry .
All of our work leverages people power — individuals working together in pursuit of a common goal — to dismantle the influence and infrastructure of the fossil fuel industry .
Find more on our About page .
How do I get involved ?
At minimum , make sure you ’re on our mailing list .
Browse the rest of this page to see how you can make bigger contributions in a local group setting .
From there , what you do and how much you get involved is up to your group ’s needs , your interests , and how much time you want to put in !
I do n’t have time to commit to a local group .
How can I still be involved ?
Whether in person or online , simply talking with those around you about the climate crisis and what ’s happening in your area is an important step toward making change .
Also follow climate action groups like 350 on social media and share their content for a low - commitment way to show your support .
If there is no local campaign group in your area yet , consider bringing other local supporters together for a one - time event – a potluck meal , film - screening , or roundtable discussion .
By building relationships between passionate people in your community , a group is more likely to emerge , even if you ’re not available to lead it yourself .
You can also donate to keep the movement strong .
Can you help run this campaign for me ?
You know your own community better than anyone , so we believe local groups are best suited to run – and win ! – their own campaigns .
However , we can provide resources and guidance so you ’re prepared to act on the changes you want to see .
Why are n’t you talking about things like recycling and veganism ?
Our campaigns focus on building transformative power that challenges the status quo and social license of the fossil fuel industry .
That means less focus on personal consumption choices ( which are incremental ) and more emphasis on collective action ( which can tackle massive systemic issues ) .
Both are important , but we believe that by building a movement linked to these three demands , we can reach political tipping points that allow for change big enough to halt the climate crisis :
A fast and just transition to 100 % renewable energy
No new fossil fuel projects , anywhere
Not a penny more in finance for the fossil fuel industry
So should I go ahead and start a local group ?
If you can identify a few other dedicated people in your community to help you and are committed to 350.org ’s basic demands and organizing principles , yes !
Get started .
Our vision is to have thousands of local groups standing in solidarity with each other .
It does take time , commitment , and energy to steer a group to maturity , but it ’s precisely that sort of commitment we need if we are to change the course of history .
I already have a local group .
Can we join 350 ?
That ’s great !
If you ’re already in a group , you ’re probably seeing the benefits of meeting face to face and organising together .
Read through the local group guidelines and apply to register your group .
How much support will 350 offer when I start a group ?
We have plenty of trainings and resources available to help you , and we often run campaigns that local groups can easily plug into .
Depending on your location and how much staff or volunteer capacity is available , we also might be able to provide coaching and other direct support .
But remember , in the end it ’s you who can build a real local movement where you live .
Will 350 pay us to run a local group ?
No , 350.org cannot pay you to run a group .
However , we do have trainings on how to fundraise so your local group can gain its own resources to stand independently .
By Jorn Madslien
Business reporter , BBC News , Stavanger , Norway
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Heading offshore in the Rygercruise catamaran , it is a journey into uncharted territory .
Not in terms of sea charts - the Norwegian energy giant Statoil Hydro knows these waters well , having spent the past 30 years drilling for oil and gas here - but in terms of technology .
Statoil has constructed the world 's first full - scale floating wind turbine a couple of hours by catamaran from the oil town Stavanger , in the hope that one day vast wind farms could be constructed far offshore in water depths of up to 700 m .
Standing firm as the catamaran rolls in the waves , Sjur Bratland is optimistic with regards to the technology 's potential .
Yet , having spent the past two years listening to a whispering crowd of nay - sayers , he wants proof .
He wants to see for himself that the turbine can cope with winter storms that whip the North Sea into a froth and winds that rip roofs off houses .
And he wants to be sure that the supply industries can deliver the right turbines , supply ships and so on .
Fortunately , Mr Bratland is in charge of the Hywind project , and he has been given some 400 m Norwegian kroner ( $ 66 m ; £ 35 m ) to play with by Statoil , with the government injecting a further 59 m kroner .
Trouble shooting
As the turbine slowly emerges through the mist , the first impression is how stable it is .
Hywind floating turbine Power : 2.3 megawatt Above sea : 100 m Below sea : 100m
Floating wind turbine launched
As the catamaran moves closer , the turbine stands as firm as if it was pinned to the seabed , the way conventional offshore turbines are , its 65 m tubular carbon steel tower and slowly rotating 80 m diameter blades , together stretching 100 m above the sea .
The most interesting aspects of the turbine can be found in the depths of the sea , where a 100 m long steel cylinder weighing 3,000 tonnes thanks to its ballast of water and rocks is anchored to the sea-bed with mooring lines that can hold the structure at depths of up to 700 m .
So - called slack anchors are used , allowing the structure to move with the seas .
In fact , in spite of its apparent sturdiness , the 138 tonne turbine is constantly moving .
Everything below the water line is " known technology from the oil and gas industry " , where Statoil Hydro has 30 years of experience from its extensive offshore operations around the world , Mr Bratland explains .
" Actually , the really tricky thing is to apply this technology in a completely new setting in a new industry , " he says .
" That has been a challenge . "
Deap seas
The Hywind turbine will be tested over a two - year period , at the end of which Mr Bratland hopes to have found proof that offshore wind farms can be built , and that they are economically viable - perhaps even competitive with conventional offshore wind .
Today 's solutions are too costly as the margins are so much slimmer in this area than in the oil and gas industry
Sjur Bratland , Hywind asset manager , StatoilHydro Turbines pinned to the sea-bed are relatively cheap in water depths of up to 25 m , when the basic monopole foundation can be used .
At greater depths of up to 50 m , the tubular turbine towers will need gravity bases and stronger steel structures that push the price up .
Statoil 's floating turbine requires the waters to be at least 120 m deep , though beyond that the sea is the limit - literally .
" But first , we 'll need to look for smarter solutions that make it commercially viable , " says Mr Bratland .
Better and cheaper turbines
Above sea level , the offshore structure has been bolted together with a conventional offshore turbine of the sort used for near - shore wind farms that are bolted to the sea-bed .
Ease of entry for maintenance is a seemingly trivial yet major headache for Mr Bratland .
Though the seas are relatively calm , the waves are nevertheless too large for a safe mooring against the base of the structure to enable the BBC team to climb the 17 m steel ladders up to the service deck .
At a more fundamental level , turbine technology must be developed specifically for far offshore conditions , he insists .
On land , turbines are getting taller all the time to accommodate ever larger blades , explains Mr Bratland .
For the purposes of floating wind farms , such turbines are not light enough , they are too tall and the rotor blades are too small , according to Mr Bratland 's early assessments , made even before the 2.3 megawatt turbine has started delivering electricity through the sea-bed cable that connects it to the Norwegian national grid .
He wants turbine manufacturers to produce lower turbines , to take advantage of winds blowing strongly and steadily close to the surface of the sea .
Closer to land , the wind lifts to enter the beaches and climb over the cliffs .
Lower turbines should , together with clever design and material selection , help reduce the turbines ' weight , and thus their need for ballast , which in turn should reduce sub -sea costs .
At the same time , Mr Bratland wants the power output of each turbine to be raised to perhaps 6MW , and he wants it all to be cheaper than it is today .
This could be possible as there is tremendous potential for economies of scale , both in terms of mass production , which reduces the cost of each turbine , and in terms of the construction and management of vast wind farms offshore where there are few limits on available acreages .
Moreover , onshore production of floating turbines that are then towed offshore to be anchored in place should prove cheaper than the weather - restricted and costly off - shore construction of sea-bed turbines .
Grid cables transporting the power to shore are neither expensive - in the greater scheme of things - nor technologically complicated to roll out , so this is a minor part of the project , according to Mr Bratland .
" Still , we have some way to go , " says Mr Bratland .
" Today 's solutions are too costly as the margins are so much slimmer in this area than in the oil and gas industry . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Image Dramatic play , believed to improve cognitive self - control , is a central part of the Tools of the Mind curriculum .
Credit ... Gillian Laub for The New York Times
Bodrova and Leong had both studied Vygotsky , and they discussed whether some of his methods might help improve the climate of these classrooms .
For Vygotsky , the real purpose of early - childhood education was not to learn content , like the letters of the alphabet or the names of shapes and colors and animals .
The point was to learn how to think .
When children enter preschool , Vygotsky wrote , they are “ slaves to their environment , ” unable to control their reactions or direct their interests , responding to whatever shiny objects are put in front of them .
Accordingly , the most important goal of prekindergarten is to teach children how to master their thoughts .
And the best way for children to do that , Vygotsky believed , especially at this early age , is to employ various tools , tricks and habits that train the mind to work at a higher level .
So Tools of the Mind students learn to use “ private speech ” — to talk to themselves as they do a difficult task ( like , say , forming the letter W ) , to help themselves remember what step comes next ( down , up , down , up ) .
They use “ mediators ” : physical objects that remind them how to do a particular task , like CD - size cards , one with a pair of lips and one with an ear , that signify whose turn it is to read aloud in Buddy Reading and whose turn it is to listen .
But more than anything , they use play .
Most of Vygotsky ’s counterparts in the field of child psychology , including influential figures like Jean Piaget and Maria Montessori , held that imaginary play was an immature form of expression , a preliminary stage of development .
But Vygotsky maintained that at 4 or 5 , a child ’s ability to play creatively with other children was in fact a better gauge of her future academic success than any other indicator , including her vocabulary , her counting skills or her knowledge of the alphabet .
Dramatic play , he said , was the training ground where children learned to regulate themselves , to conquer their own unruly minds .
In the United States , we often associate play with freedom , but to Vygotsky , dramatic play was actually the arena where children ’s actions were most tightly restricted .
When a young boy is acting out the role of a daddy making breakfast , he is limited by all the rules of daddy - ness .
Some of those limitations come from his playmates : if he starts acting like a baby ( or a policeman or a dinosaur ) in the middle of making breakfast , the other children will be sure to steer him back to the eggs and bacon .
But even beyond that explicit peer pressure , Vygotsky would say , the child is guided by the basic principles of play .
Make - believe is n’t as stimulating and satisfying — it simply is n’t as much fun — if you do n’t stick to your role .
And when children follow the rules of make - believe and push one another to follow those rules , he said , they develop important habits of self - control .
Bodrova and Leong drew on research conducted by some of Vygotsky ’s followers that showed that children acting out a dramatic scene can control their impulses much better than they can in nonplay situations .
In one experiment , 4 - year - old children were first asked to stand still for as long as they could .
They typically did not make it past a minute .
But when the kids played a make - believe game in which they were guards at a factory , they were able to stand at attention for more than four minutes .
In another experiment , prekindergarten - age children were asked to memorize a list of unrelated words .
Then they played “ grocery store ” and were asked to memorize a similar list of words — this time , though , as a shopping list .
In the play situation , on average , the children were able to remember twice as many words .
Bodrova and Leong say they see the same effect in Tools of the Mind classrooms : when their students spend more time on dramatic play , not only does their level of self - control improve , but so do their language skills .
In the past , when psychologists ( or parents or teachers or priests ) tried to improve children ’s self - control , they used the principles of behaviorism , reinforcing good and bad behaviors with rewards and punishments .
The message to kids was that terrible things would happen if they did n’t control their impulses , and the role of adults , whether parents or preschool teachers , was to train children by praising them for their positive self - control ( “ Look at how well Cindy is sitting ! ” ) and criticizing them for their lapses .
And in most American prekindergartens and kindergartens , behaviorism , in some form , is still the dominant method .
But Bodrova and Leong say that those “ external reinforcement systems ” create “ other - directed regulation ” — good behavior done not from some internal sense of control but for the approval of others , to avoid punishment and win praise and treats .
And that , they say , is a kind of regulation that is not particularly valuable or lasting .
Children learn only how to be obedient , how to follow orders , not how to understand and regulate their own impulses .
The ultimate goal of Tools of the Mind is not emotional or physical self - regulation ; it is cognitive self - regulation — not the ability to avoid grabbing a toy from the kid next to you ( though that ’s an important first step ) , but the much more subtle ability to avoid falling for a deceptively attractive wrong answer on a test or to concentrate on an arduous mental task .
And those abilities are more difficult to affect by other - directed regulation .
Because the abilities are more abstract , they are less likely to be elicited by rewards .
Kids are rarely able to organize their thoughts better in order to get an ice - cream cone .
As a result , many practices that most prekindergarten teachers consider essential are more or less banned from Tools of the Mind classrooms .
There are no gold stars , no telling the class that they are all going to have to wait until Jimmy is quiet ; even timeouts are discouraged .
When there is a conflict — when , say , Billy grabs a toy from Jamal — the Tools of the Mind teacher ’s first questions are supposed to be :
What was it in the classroom that made it hard for Billy to control himself ?
And what mediators could help him do better next time ?
The teacher does remind Billy that there is a rule and he broke it , but she does n’t make a big deal out of the incident .
“ We pretty much try not to use this whole concept of misbehavior , ” Bodrova told me .
“ These kids are not born criminals .
Even if they do something that is completely out of bounds , they do it because they ca n’t stop themselves . ”
There are not yet firm experimental data that prove that Tools of the Mind works .
But two early studies that began in the late 1990s in Denver showed some promising results :
After a year in the program , students did significantly better than a similar group on basic measures of literacy ability .
And more recent studies , including one overseen by Adele Diamond , a professor at the University of British Columbia who is one of the most prominent researchers in the field of cognitive self - control , have shown that Tools students consistently score higher on tests requiring executive function .
Angela Duckworth told me that when she read Diamond ’s report , which was published in Science in 2007 , “ I got very excited . ”
Her failed 2003 study had persuaded her that the usual approach to self - control in early - childhood education , a brief intervention here or there , would n’t work .
But Tools of the Mind was clearly a different strategy .
“ It ’s an immersion approach , ” she said .
“ It ’s not that these kids are pulled out and they do self - control for half an hour a day .
Everything is about self - regulation , every single moment .
Everything about the culture that the classroom creates reinforces that . ”
How a Torture Protest Killed a Career Editor ’s Note :
In this modern age – and especially since George W. Bush declared the “ war on terror ” eight years ago – the price for truth - telling has been high , especially for individuals whose consciences led them to protest the torture of alleged terrorists .
One of the most remarkable cases is that of Craig Murray , a 20 - year veteran of the British Foreign Service whose career was destroyed after he was posted to Uzbekistan in August 2002 and began to complain about Western complicity in torture committed by the country ’s totalitarian regime , which was valued for its brutal interrogation methods and its vast supplies of natural gas .
Murray soon faced misconduct charges that were leaked to London ’s tabloid press before he was replaced as ambassador in October 2004 , marking the end of what had been a promising career .
Murray later spoke publicly about how the Bush administration and Prime Minister Tony Blair ’s government collaborated with Uzbek dictator Islam Karimov and his torturers .
[ See , for instance , Murray 's statement to the Parliamentary Joint Committee on Torture . ]
But Murray kept quiet about his personal ordeal as the victim of the smear campaign that followed his impassioned protests to the Foreign Office about torture .
Finally , on Oct. 22 at a small conference in Washington , Murray addressed the personal pain and his sense of betrayal over his treatment at the hands of former colleagues .
While Murray ’s account is a personal one , it echoes the experiences of many honest government officials and even mainstream journalists who have revealed inconvenient truths about wrongdoing by powerful Establishment figures and paid a high price .
Below is a partial transcript of Murray ’s remarks : I was just having dinner in a restaurant that was only a block from the White House .
It must have been a good dinner because it cost me $ 120 .
Actually it was a good dinner .
… Email
Printer friendly I ’ve never , ever spoken in public about the pain of being a whistleblower .
Partly because of the British stiff - upper lip thing and partly as well because if you wish to try eventually to get on and reestablish yourself then it does n’t do to show weakness .
…
I was sitting in this place on my own and feeling rather lonely .
And there were a whole bunch of people in dark suits coming from government offices , in many cases in groups , and there they were with the men ’s suits sleek and the ladies , the whole office , power - politics thing going on , having after - dinner champagne in the posh bar .
And I was remembering how many times I ’d been the center of such groups and of how successful my life used to be .
I was a British ambassador at the age of 42 .
The average age for such a post is 57 .
I was successful in worldly terms .
And I think I almost never sat alone at such a place .
Normally if I had been alone in such a place , I would have ended up probably in the company of a beautiful young lady of some kind .
I tell you that partly because this whole question of personal morality is a complicated one .
I would never , ever , no one would have ever pointed at me as someone likely to become or to be a person of conscience .
And yet eventually I found myself on the outside and treated in a way that challenged my whole view of the world .
Mission to Tashkent
Let me start to tell you something about how that happened .
I was a British ambassador in Uzbekistan and I was told before I went that Uzbekistan was an important ally in the war on terror , had given the United States a very important airbase which was a forward mounting post for Afghanistan , and was a bulwark against Islamic extremism in Central Asia .
When I got there I found it was a dreadful regime , absolutely totalitarian .
And there ’s a difference between dictatorship of which there are many and a totalitarian dictatorship which unless you ’ve actually been in one is hard to comprehend .
There ’s absolutely no free media whatsoever .
News on every single channel , the news programs start with 12 items about what the president did today .
And that ’s it .
That is the news .
There are no other news channels and international news channels are blocked .
There are about 12,000 political prisoners .
Any sign of religious enthusiasm for any religion will get you put into jail .
The majority of people are predominantly Muslim .
But if you are to carry out the rituals of the Muslim religion , particularly if you were to pray five times a day , you ’d be in jail very quickly .
Young men are put in jail for growing beards .
It ’s not the only religion which is outlawed .
The jails are actually quite full of Baptists .
Being Baptist is illegal in Uzbekistan .
I ’m sure that Methodists and Quakers would be illegal , too , It ’s just that they have n’t got any so they have n’t gotten around to making them illegal .
And it ’s really not a joke .
If you are put into prison in Uzbekistan the chances of coming out again alive are less than even .
And most of the prisons are still the old Soviet gulags in the most literal sense .
They are physically the same places .
The biggest one being the Jaslyk gulag in the deserts of the Kizyl Kum .
I had only been there for a week or two when I went to a show trial of an al - Qaeda terrorist they had caught .
It was a big event put on partly for the benefit of the American embassy to demonstrate the strength of the U.S. - Uzbek alliance against terrorism .
When I got there , to call the trial unconvincing would be an underestimate .
There was one moment when this old man [ who ] had given evidence that his nephew was a member of al - Qaeda and had personally met Osama bin Laden .
And like everybody else in that court he was absolutely terrified .
But suddenly as he was giving his evidence , he seemed from somewhere to find an inner strength .
He was a very old man but he stood taller and said in a stronger voice , he said , “ This is not true .
This is not true .
They tortured my children in front of me until I signed this .
I had never heard of al - Qaeda or Osama bin Laden . ”
He was then hustled out of the court and we never did find out what had happened to him .
He was almost certainly killed .
But as it happens I was within touching distance of him when he said that and I ca n’t explain it .
It ’s not entirely rational .
But you could just feel it was true .
You could tell he was speaking the truth when he said that .
And that made me start to call into doubt the whole question of the narrative about al - Qaeda in Uzbekistan and the alliance in the war on terror .
Boiled to Death Something which took that doubt over the top happened about a week later .
The West -- because Uzbekistan was our great ally in the war on terror – had shown no interest in the human rights situation at all .
In fact , the opposite , going out of its way to support the dictatorship .
So the fact that I seemed to be interested and seemed to be sympathetic came as something of a shock and people [ in Uzbekistan ] started to come to me .
One of the people who came to me was an old lady , a widow in her 60s whose son had been killed in Jaslyk prison and she brought me photos of the corpse of her son .
It had been given back to her in a sealed casket and she ’d been ordered not to open the casket but to bury it the next morning , which actually Muslims would do anyway .
They always bury a body immediately .
But she disobeyed the instructions not to open the casket .
She was a very old lady but very determined .
She got the casket open and the body out onto the table and took detailed photos of the body before resealing the casket and burying it .
These photos she now brought to me .
I sent them on to the chief pathologist at the University of Glasgow , who actually now by coincidence is the chief pathologist for the United Kingdom .
There were a number of photos and he did a detailed report on the body .
He said from the photographs the man ’s fingernails had been pulled out while he was still alive .
Then he had been boiled alive .
That was the cause of death , immersion in boiling liquid .
Certainly it was n’t the only occasion when we came across evidence of people being boiled alive .
That was the most extreme form of torture , I suppose , but immersion in boiling liquid of a limb was quite common .
Mutilation of the genitals was common .
Suffocation was common , usually by putting a gas mask on people and blocking the air vents until they suffocated .
Rape was common , rape with objects , rape with bottles , anal rape , homosexual rape , heterosexual rape , and mutilation of children in front of their parents .
It began with that and became a kind of personal mission for me , I suppose , to do what I could to try to stop this .
I spent a great deal of time with my staff gathering evidence on it .
Being a very capricious government , occasionally a victim [ of the Uzbek regime ] would be released and we’d be able to see them and get medical evidence .
More often you ’d get letters smuggled out of the gulags and detention centers , evidence from relatives who managed to visit prisoners .
We built up an overwhelming dossier of evidence , and I complained to London about the conduct of our ally in rather strong terms including the photos of the boy being boiled alive .
‘ Over -Focused on Human Rights ’ I received a reply from the British Foreign Office .
It said , this is a direct quote , “ Dear Ambassador , we are concerned that you are perhaps over - focused on human rights to the detriment of commercial interests . ”
I was taken aback .
I found that extraordinary .
But things had gotten much worse because while we were gathering the information about torture , we were also learning what people were forced to confess to under torture .
People are n’t tortured for no reason .
They ’re tortured in order to extract some information or to get them to admit to things , and normally the reason you torture people is to get them to admit to things that are n’t actually true .
They were having to confess to membership in al - Qaeda , to being at training camps in Afghanistan , personally meeting Osama bin Laden .
At the same time , we were receiving CIA intelligence .
MI - 6 and the CIA share all their intelligence .
So I was getting all the CIA intelligence on Uzbekistan and it was saying that detainees had confessed to membership in al - Qaeda and being in training camps in Afghanistan and to meeting Osama bin Laden .
One way and another I was piecing together the fact that the CIA material came from the Uzbek torture sessions .
I did n’t want to make a fool of myself so I sent my deputy , a lady called Karen Moran , to see the CIA head of station and say to him , “ My ambassador is worried your intelligence might be coming from torture .
Is there anything he ’s missing ? ”
She reported back to me that the CIA head of station said , “ Yes , it probably is coming from torture , but we do n’t see that as a problem in the context of the war on terror . ”
In addition to which I learned that CIA were actually flying people to Uzbekistan in order to be tortured .
I should be quite clear that I knew for certain and reported back to London that people were being handed over by the CIA to the Uzbek intelligence services and were being subjected to the most horrible tortures .
I did n’t realize that they were n’t Uzbek .
I presumed simply that these were Uzbek people who had been captured elsewhere and were being sent in .
I now know from things I ’ve learned subsequently , including the facts that the Council of Europe parliamentary inquiry into extraordinary rendition found that 90 percent of all the flights that called at the secret prison in Poland run by the CIA as a torture center for extraordinary rendition , 90 percent of those flights next went straight on to Tashkent [ the capital of Uzbekistan ] .
There was an overwhelming body of evidence that actually people from all over the world were being taken by the CIA to Uzbekistan specifically in order to be tortured .
I did n’t know that .
I thought it was only Uzbeks , but nonetheless , I was complaining internally as hard as I could .
Retaliation
The result of which was that even when I was only complaining internally , I was subjected to the most dreadful pattern of things which I still find it hard to believe happened .
I was suddenly accused of issuing visas in return for sex , stealing money from the post account , of being an alcoholic , of driving an embassy vehicle down a flight of stairs , which is extraordinary because I can’t drive .
I ’ve never driven in my life .
I do n’t have a driving license .
My eyesight is terrible . …
But I was accused of all these unbelievable accusations , which were leaked to the tabloid media , and I spent a whole year of tabloid stories about sex - mad ambassador , blah - blah - blah .
And I had n’t even gone public .
What I had done was write a couple of memos saying that this collusion with torture is illegal under a number of international conventions including the UN Convention Against Torture .
I could n’t believe [ what was happening ] , I ’d been a very successful foreign service officer for over 20 years .
The British Foreign Service is small .
Actual diplomats , as opposed to [ support ] staff , are only about 2,000 people ,
I worked there for over 20 years .
I knew most of them by name .
All the people involved in smearing me , trying to taint me on false charges , were people I thought were my friends .
It ’s really hard when people you think are your friends [ lie about you ] .
I ’m writing memos saying it ’s illegal to torture people , children are being tortured in front of their parents .
And they ’re writing memos back saying it depends on the definition of complicity under Article Four of the UN Convention .
I ’m thinking what ’s happening to their moral sense , and I never , ever considered myself a good person , at all .
Yet I could n’t see where they were coming from and I still do n’t ; I still do n’t understand it to this day .
And then these people – and I ’m absolutely certain quite knowingly – tried to negate what they saw as these unpatriotic things .
I was told I was viewed now as unpatriotic , by trying to land me with false allegations .
I went through a five - month fight and formal charges .
I was found eventually not guilty on all charges , but my reputation was ruined forever because the tabloid media all carried the allegations against me in 25 - point headlines and the fact I was acquitted in two sentences on page 19 .
It ’s extraordinary .
Lessons Learned
The thing that came out of it most strongly for me is how in a bureaucratic structure , if the government can convince people that there is a serious threat to the nation , ordinary people who are not bad people will go along with things that they know are bad , like torture , like trying to stain an innocent man .
And it ’s circular , because the extraordinary thing about it was that the whole point of the intelligence being obtained under torture was to actually exaggerate the terrorist threats and to exaggerate the strength of al - Qaeda .
That was the whole point of why people were being tortured , to confess that they were members of al - Qaeda when they were n’t members of al - Qaeda and to denounce long lists of names of people as members of al - Qaeda who were n’t members of al - Qaeda .
I always tell my favorite example which is they gave me a long list of names of people whom people were forced to denounce and I often saw names of people I knew .
One day , I got this list from the CIA of names of a couple dozen al - Qaeda members and I knew one really quite well , an old dissident professor , a very distinguished man who was actually a Jehovah ’s Witness , and there are n’t many Jehovah ’s Witnesses in al - Qaeda .
I ’d even bet that al - Qaeda do n’t even try to recruit Jehovah ’s Witnesses .
I ’m quite sure that Jehovah ’s Witnesses would try to recruit al - Qaeda .
So much of this intelligence was nonsense .
It was untrue and it was designed to paint a false picture .
The purpose of the false picture was to make people feel afraid .
What was it really about . …
I want to mention this book , which is the greatest book that I ’ve ever written .
It ’s called Murder in Samarkand and recounts in detail what I have just told you together with the documentary evidence behind it .
But the most interesting bit of the entire book comes before the page numbers start , which is a facsimile of a letter from Enron , from Kenneth Lay , chairman of Enron , to the honorable George W. Bush , governor of the state of Texas .
It was written on April 3 , 1997 , sometime before Bush became president .
It reads , I ’ll just read you two or three sentences , “ Dear George , you will be meeting with Ambassador Sadyq Safaev , Uzbekistan ’s Ambassador to the United States on April 8th .
…
Enron has established an office in Tashkent and we are negotiating a $ 2 billion joint venture with Neftegas of Uzbekistan … to develop Uzbekistan ’s natural gas and transport it to markets in Europe …
This project can bring significant economic opportunities to Texas . ”
Not everyone in Texas , of course .
George Bush and Ken Lay , in particular .
That ’s actually what it was about .
All this stuff about al - Qaeda that they were inventing , extreme Islamists in Central Asia that they were inventing .
I have hundreds and hundreds of Uzbek friends now .
Every single one of them drinks vodka .
It is not a good place for al - Qaeda .
They were inventing the threat in order to cover up the fact that their real motive was Enron ’s gas contract and that was the plain and honest truth of the matter .
Just as almost everything you see about Afghanistan is a cover for the fact that the actual motive is the pipeline they wish to build over Afghanistan to bring out Uzbek and Turkmen natural gas which together is valued at up to $ 10 trillion , which they want to bring over Afghanistan and down to the Arabian Sea to make it available for export .
And we are living in a world where people , a small number of people , with incredible political clout and huge amounts of money , are prepared to see millions die for their personal economic gain and where , even worse , most people in bureaucracies are prepared to go along with it for their own much smaller economic gain , all within this psychological mirage which is so much of the war on terror .
It ’s hard to stand against it .
I do think things are a little more sane now than they were a year or two ago .
I do think there ’s a greater understanding , but you ’ll never hear what I just told you in the mainstream media .
It ’s impossible to get it there .
[ For an early Consortiumnews.com article about President Bush ’s Uzbek alliance , see “ The More Things Change . ” ]
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
$ 120 billion a year in health costs
According to the National Coalition on Health Care , as of last year
The average employer - sponsored premium for a family of four costs close to $ 13,400 a year , and the employee foots about 27 percent of this cost .
So let 's do some arithmetic .
At $ 120 billion , which is a low estimate - the report says at least - that figure would cover just under 9 million families of four with health insurance through corporate policies .
Or , to put it another way , about 36,000,000 could be covered even through corporate plans , which deliver less medical treatment as a percentage of overall costs than do either the VA or Medicare
the premature deaths of nearly 20,000 people - I wo n't do all the math on this one , but the average family income in 2008 was someplace around 50,000 .
IF we assume that half of those premature deaths came from earners of wages of 30,000 / year - a figure that may well be low - that represents a loss of income of 300 billion dollars .
Whatever the loss of income , it also represents a severe shortfall of revenue to the various levels of government .
And the human toll is far greater than merely the financial .
The report ’s authors called these " hidden ’ ’ costs that government officials and other decision makers , including electric companies , may not recognize .
They said there was little doubt that the $ 120 billion " substantially underestimates ’’ the damages from US energy production and use because it did not include the harm to ecosystems and the effects of climate change and other pollutants , such as mercury .
" Our analysis does indicate that regulatory actions can significantly affect energy related damages , ’’ the report said .
harm to ecosystems > like their entire destruction in the production of coal , as Appalachia is getting destroyed by Mountain Top Removal ; or the devastation of food chains as critical parts can no longer survive in areas which have warmed - it is not just polar bears we are losing ; the threat of the loss of productivity of food as the climate changes , water patterns change . . .
We have seen major corporations that will no longer support the Chamber in its position as a denier of global warming .
That is good , but it is insufficient , especially as , according the column , the Chamber still spends $ 35 million annually lobbying , with much of that intended to block regulation of emission .
Our approach to economics has for too long assumed that we did not have to consider downstream costs - the business sector has argued that regulation will make things too costly , ignoring the fact that their activity - and ours - imposes heavy downstream costs .
It should not be surprising to find that the net effect of regulation may be less expensive when all factors are considered .
All of that is economics .
I think we must include the moral argument .
If we know that our activities result in deaths , does that not make us complicit in those deaths ?
The study speaks only of the deaths caused by medical conditions , not necessarily the deaths caused by military conflict in the attempt to obtain and dominant fossil fuels .
It does not necessarily include the deaths that will occur because of the loss of food productivity as the climate changes .
In military terms those deaths - and the destruction of the habitat - would be considered " collateral damage " - perhaps unfortunate but necessary in the pursuit of a more important goal .
But how is air conditioning our houses and driving behemoths like Hummers a more important goal than human life and the environment in which we all live , in which many around the world have almost no electricity , much less air conditioning ?
It is not funny .
Perhaps that part of the title did not grab you .
Perhaps the title itself was too opaque , although I attempted to provide the appropriate information with that first quote .
The issues that confront us are all inexorably intertwined .
We are concerned about energy and the environment .
We argue mightily over health care .
People are rightly concerned about livelihood .
Too often the focus of our political disputes is narrowed so much that the interconnections are not visible , not included in the discourse .
I am a teacher .
My biggest issue now is not education , but health .
I have seen the tragic consequences of lack of access to health care .
This week my local NBC station finally ran its piece on the Grundy medical mission in which I participated , and you can see it here A number of my colleagues and students at school commented on seeing it , so I showed it to my AP classes yesterday .
I immediately had students asking how they could help ( since none are yet 18 they are limited in their ability to volunteer ) .
While I commend their spirit , I wonder if the only way to address health is like that , after the fact , with volunteering .
Should not we be preventing health problems , including those that do not become visible for years ?
And should we not be honest about the costs imposed by the actions we choose , as businesses , as individuals , and in our political choices ?
If we are not honest , the results will be in conformity with the title of this diary .
Because , let 's be at least this honest : if we consider the costs , financial , environmental and human , of NOT regulating when we know the damage being done , it is not funny - it is tragic , and immoral .
Peace .
Update in form of a PS : Adam Siegel reminds me by email that this is International Day of Climate Action , and thus it would be appropriate as a follow on to reading Jackson and / or this diary to visit 350.org
and again , Peace .
The Rainbow Sash movement is an organization committed to engaging in dialogue about human sexuality and the dignity of LGBT people within the Catholic Church .
The group will be participating in the National March for Equality in Washington D.C.
Oct 10 - 11th and has a series of events to push their agenda forward .
Events Sat Oct 10th Morning / Afternoon
Event at St. Matthew the Apostle Cathedral
1725 Rhode Island Avenue , NW ,
Washington , D.C .
11:00 AM Ecunmenical prayer service outside of the Cathedral .
12:15 PM Gather within the Cathedral to pray for the National Equality March and to wear a rainbow sash in solidarity with LGBT Catholics .
Events Sat Oct 10th Evening / Night :
Vigil of Light 8 - 9 pm in front of the White House to remember those who have passed away due to HIV / AIDS .
The vigil is also to remind the administration not to forget the LGBT community and those with HIV / AIDS in the current health care debate .
Events Sunday Oct 11th :
March will kick off at 12 Noon .
Marching Gathering space TBA
For further information or to get involved please email us at contact@RainbowSashMovement.com .
The Canadian Radio- television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) was created for the purpose of ensuring broadcasting and telecommunications systems serve the Canadian public and ensure that Canadians have a wide variety of options to create and view works of media or communicate across the country and the entire world .
We , the undersigned , believe that the CRTC has become a burden on the Canadian public and are failing to perform their duties in the interest of the Canadian public and that of a fair and unbiased telecom policy .
In the last 3 years , we have seen the CRTC give undue preference in the interest of commercial entities and their preference for traditional business models over competing models that would create competition and help ensure that new business models can be created to entice and prosper original Canadian productions .
In the case of Bell Canada vs CAIP , involving the use of deep packet inspection ( DPI ) on Bell wholesale clients , the CRTC ruled in favor of Bell Canada to allow them to continue the use of deep packet inspection activities on wholesale customers without their permission or consent regardless of the implications for the end user customers .
We believe this action greatly impacts the Canadian publicâ€™s choices , competition in the broadband market and may violate privacy laws based on the Privacy Commissioners findings .
In the case of Cybersurf requesting to match speeds of that for Bell retail customers , the CRTC ordered Bell Canada to produce a new tariff to match speeds for wholesale customers .
Bell submitted a revised tariff to the CRTC , however the revised tariff did not fulfill the requirements as set out by the CRTC in Telecom Decision CRTC 2008 - 117 .
Bell proposed to offer lower speed tiers and introduce UBB ( usage base billing ) in lieu of matching speeds .
The CRTC decided to accept the tariff on an interim basis with no logical explanation .
This is not only anti-competitive but shows a clear bias towards Bell Canada .
These are only two of several instances in the past few years that show the CRTC is incapable of upholding the telecom act and the interest of the Canadian public .
We demand that the commission is immediately dissolved and a new commission created and appointed based on the following criteria :
1 ) The commission members must not be appointed solely based on their career history
2 ) The commission members must not only be comprised of ex-telecom employees
3 ) The commission should be more transparent to the Canadian public about regulatory issues
4 ) The analysts should be more involved in the regulatory process to ensure that decisions are handed down in a fair and balanced manner
Dashiell
A patriot says “ My country , right or wrong . ”
A nationalist says , “ My country can never be wrong . ”
Implicit is a different view of what “ my country ” is .
Simone Weil made the distinction in The Need for Roots between country as land , people , culture , and language ; and nation as authority , state , army , and flag .
And I would add to that list the notion of a dominant or privileged class .
The nationalist wants to be in a dominant group , and will kill his fellow countrymen en masse in order to achieve that .
In the United States , the tension between these two ideas of country is at a height , and the lines are often blurred .
We hear a lot about the founding fathers these days , and the ideas and principles that guided the U.S. at its birth .
Everyone wants to claim that mantle .
But history is never simple , and when we try to make it so in the service of our ideals , we do ourselves a disservice .
When I truly love someone , with the deep and unconditional love that comes with time and effort , I do n’t just love certain attractive aspects , but the entire flawed human being .
I would argue that the same is true of loving one ’s country .
The right - wing extremists who still dominate public discourse have an antique schoolboy veneration for the founders without displaying much insight into their ideas , the principles that shaped the Constitution of the United States .
American revolutionary thought was anti-autocratic .
Despite major differences in the views of such figures as Adams , Jefferson , Hamilton , and Madison , they shared the vision of a republic that would represent the will of citizens rather than the desires and caprices of a monarch or dictator .
The founders , being British , were enormously influenced by the British parliamentary and legal tradition .
It was , however , too easy for Great Britain to succumb to despotism in one form or another , and the founders therefore sought remedy for this by fashioning a purer kind of republic that had no monarch to be revered , but three branches of government with powers divided between them , all servants of the people .
To this structure was added a Bill of Rights that restricted the government ’s ability to interfere with people ’s lives .
If you study the first ten amendments as originally ratified , you get a good idea of the threats that the founders were worried about .
A tyranny would try to control what religion people could practice , what they could say or print , their ability to gather together in groups for peaceful purposes , and their ownership of arms .
A tyranny would attempt to break into people ’s homes without legal warrants based on probable cause .
It would try to arrest and imprison people without formal charges , without the right to confront their accusers , detaining them indefinitely without trial and without a jury .
A tyranny would steal people ’s property from them , or force them to give their property over for the use of the military .
All these threats , these fears , sprung from the founders ’ experience of treatment by the British government .
They all reflected the desire to prevent untrammeled authoritarian power , which they called tyranny , and to make government a servant of the people rather than a master .
The founders differed as to how much power and authority the government should have — Hamilton believed in a strong central power , whereas Jefferson and his followers tended to think in decentralized terms .
All shared the belief that the legitimacy of government power depended on the consent of the governed .
What exactly this “ consent ” is , and how to determine it , was the perennial issue of debate , and it was in the very nature of a republic for this to be the case .
If we look at the right - wing “ patriots ” of today , outside of the pure libertarians , it is remarkable how indifferent they are to the actual thought of the founders .
What we see here is crude authoritarianism , in which “ America ” needs to be the greatest and most powerful country in the world , providing its citizens with a good measure of economic affluence .
The Bill of Rights is mainly viewed as an obstacle to getting things done , and other than the part about bearing arms ( which makes money for the gun companies ) , the “ rights ” enumerated are painted as threats to national security , law and order , morality , and the Christian religion .
When someone outside of the right - wing becomes President , the “ patriots ” start squawking about rights again , but it ’s only political warfare , not principle , since the same rights did n’t mean anything to them when a right - wing President was in office .
What we have , then , is an American “ patriotic ” movement that is essentially no different than monarchism or dictatorship — the polar opposite of the republican ideal aimed at by the founders .
Turning from the schoolboy notions of American history to actual history , in the air and sunlight of reality , there is a painful tension between the ideas of the founders and the historical conditions in which they grew .
British colonists settled on a new continent , killing and displacing native populations in the process .
The cultivation of land and the development of this new society were greatly facilitated by the importation of African slaves .
The property owners held power , and enjoyed the greatest benefits , including the benefits of education .
They were the true “ citizens , ” not the laborers or the poor .
Women had no vote — that went without saying , as it was the condition of women in all of Europe as well .
Post - revolutionary history reflects all these tensions quite explicitly .
The killing and displacement of Indians increased as colonization expanded westward .
This expansion brought out other imperialist tendencies , such as in the Mexican War .
And of course , the existence of slavery became an impossible moral and political burden , resulting in a huge civil war between the northern and southern regions of the country .
Although slavery ended , the struggle over the status of African Americans continued .
The tragic and bloody history of the United States has caused many on the left to be skeptical about the republican ideals of the founders .
If Washington and Jefferson held slaves , how can we take their notions of liberty seriously ?
This is an understandable reaction to the schoolboy version of American history .
Moreover , the awareness of economic power and the class system as crucial factors in politics makes the founders ’ reliance on Enlightenment ideals seem naïve .
They tended to rely on moral explanations based on character , without reference to economic realities .
Yes , despotism has its root in greed and selfishness , but these character defects thrive in a socioeconomic culture .
But to be aware of the truth of our history does not necessitate turning against love of country .
For the right wing , in the spirit of “ my country ca n’t be wrong , ” the only recourse is denial or minimizing .
Slavery was n’t so bad ; the Indians mostly deserved what they got ; that sort of thing .
For progressives who still retain love of country , however , the answer lies in a vision of the United States as work in progress .
We view the republic as an ideal to which successive generations add their experience and insights , expanding the scope of what liberty means .
In fact , this is largely in the spirit of the founders themselves , who had the foresight to make the Constitution a document that could be amended and variously interpreted .
They even made provision for more constitutional conventions by which the people could revamp the founding document .
We were not stuck with slavery , or with no suffrage for women .
Provision was made for change , although it was deliberately made rather difficult to actually amend the Constitution , perhaps more difficult than has been good for us .
The rapidity of social change has made our founding document seem rather rickety at times .
The states , for instance , were very important entities in the beginning .
It really meant something to be from Virginia , or New York , or Massachusetts .
The U.S. Senate owes its origin to this notion of state autonomy .
In modern times , though , with migration between states becoming so common as to be the norm , there just is n’t the same significance attached to the idea of one ’s home state , at least not in the political sense .
It has created an imbalance of power in the legislative branch , since sparsely populated states such as Wyoming have just as many senators as California or New York .
This reinforces an American provincialism which empowers the most backward elements of society .
It would require a major Constitutional change to correct this , and it ’s not at all clear that this would be to our ultimate advantage .
The biggest problem with the form of government bequeathed to us , in my view , is that it did not prevent the rise of an industrial capitalist ruling class that has effectively assumed power in the U.S. government since the 19th century .
Critics point to the use of the 14th Amendment to confer personhood ( and thus citizenship status ) on corporations as the nail in the coffin .
As long as corporations are treated as free entities with rights , their dominance of the political process is assured .
No Constitution will ever be perfect , and ours is no exception .
At heart , though , I think the system of government devised by the founders is better than any of the alternatives so far attempted in other countries .
I suppose this makes me old - fashioned .
I just think it ’s the best chance we ’ve got , and I see many of the problems posed by an imperialist , corporate , authoritarian America as a turning away from the American tradition , a regression , if you will , to older monarchic and despotic ways of thinking .
There is no mention of Wall Street in our Constitution , or of a two - party system .
The equation of the United States with such things is a convenient myth for the powerful .
As an American progressive , I embrace love of country , and love of our Constitution as a living document capable of growth and adaptation .
I accept this framework as what we have to work with , and I look with suspicion on those who claim to support it while undermining it with their actions .
Rate this :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Jonestown Kool-aid
At the UCLA studio of the American Society of Civil Engineers , undergraduates are engaged in such difficult extracurricular projects as designing and building a 20 - foot - long concrete canoe to race against other California college teams .
But the young engineers face a potentially tougher challenge as University of California leaders consider a plan to charge these students more for their undergraduate education than most others at the university .
As part of a plan to plug UC ’s battered budget , the regents may vote as early as next month on the controversial , tradition - breaking proposal to require engineering undergraduates , along with those studying business , to pay $ 900 more a year than the rest of the student body .
That would be in addition to the $ 2,514 systemwide fee increase all students are likely to see by next fall .
Revenue - hungry UC officials say the two fields were chosen because salaries for their faculty members are significantly higher than the rest and because students majoring in those subjects tend to land well - paid jobs after graduation .
And they point out that nearly half of all U.S. public universities have taken similar steps , with many joining the trend recently because state funding for higher education has declined during the recession .
Advertisement
Engineering students , however , hope the idea does n’t float .
Devon Laduzinsky , president of the civil engineering club , said the proposed extra fee on upper - division engineering and business undergraduates would be an unfair burden that might discourage some students from majoring in the fields .
He also said the regents should not assume that all students in the two majors would easily be able to pay back additional loans .
“ I think engineering students have it hard enough .
We have more homework .
Why would we have to pay more for that ?
Why not cut us a break ? ” said Laduzinsky , 22 , a fourth - year student who said he was speaking for himself and not the group .
UC graduate and professional schools , including law and pharmacy , for years have charged a range of prices , some sharply higher than others .
But except for modest lab fees , all undergraduates pay the same basic UC education costs .
Advertisement
A change , critics contend , would bring market pricing models to undergraduate education and extend what they decry as the privatization of California ’s public universities .
Two - tier fees , they contend , also could create resentment among UC students .
The 10 - campus university is reluctantly studying many ways to cope with cuts in state funding even if some ideas make people uncomfortable , explained Lawrence H. Pitts , the UC system ’s interim provost and executive vice president for academic affairs .
“ There are things being considered today that nobody ever thought were necessary to consider before , ” he said .
Pitts described the proposed extra $ 900 for upper - division engineering and business students as a form of user fee akin to the higher visitor expenses at state parks .
“ It is a rational and reasonable source of income , ” he said , adding that lower - cost majors , such as political science , in effect subsidize engineering and business classes .
UC officials estimate that about 17,000 upper - division engineering and business students , generally juniors and seniors , will be affected if the regents approve the current proposal and that UC would net about $ 10 million after $ 5 million in additional financial aid is distributed .
Advertisement
Officials said details of the plan may be changed , however , before the regents discuss it in November ; in future years , it could be expanded to other costly majors , including music and film .
Nearly half of public research universities in the nation charge extra for at least one undergraduate major , according to a 2008 study by Glen R. Nelson , associate vice president of financial administration for the University of Wisconsin system .
Very rare 20 years ago , such extra charges have become more common since 2003 as state funding for higher education has decreased , Nelson said in a recent interview .
Public universities in Arizona , Kansas , Illinois , Indiana , Colorado and Wisconsin are among those with the additional fees .
The average national differential is about 11 % , with about 14 % for business and engineering , according to Nelson ’s study , which was done for his doctorate at the University of Nebraska .
( UC ’s surcharge would be about 9 % above the $ 10,302 proposed for all undergraduates next year , not including room , board and campus - based extras . )
Architecture , nursing and music are other fields with frequent surcharges .
Nelson said he was concerned that such pricing would lead some undergraduates to avoid the higher - fee majors even if the college promised extra financial aid for needy students .
“ Do we have an obligation to allow a young person to come and get a degree in any field they want at the bachelor ’s level , or are we really saying that they should pick something from a list because it ’s more affordable ? ” he asked .
Advertisement
Toward the high end is the University of Colorado at Boulder , which bills $ 3,800 , or 60 % extra , for business students and about $ 2,400 , or 38 % more , for engineering undergraduates .
Richard Porreca , the Boulder campus ’ senior vice chancellor , conceded that some students ’ choice of major might be influenced by those costs but had seen no strong evidence of that .
Enrollments in business and engineering are at “ an all - time high , ” Porreca said , and financial aid helps bridge any gap .
“ People are seeing the values in those degrees relative to their prices , ” he said .
Last year , at the University of Wisconsin ’s Madison campus , business undergraduates began paying an extra $ 1,000 .
Paul
Theine , 21 , a senior majoring in finance and real estate , said the early grumbling eased as students realized that the money helps to retain good professors who might be recruited away .
He urged UC students not to panic .
“ Higher education is an investment in your future .
It may cost you an extra thousand now but it could pay off hundreds of times in the future , ” said Theine , a Milwaukee resident .
Advertisement
Other colleges have considered two - tier pricing but decided against it .
At the College of William and Mary , a public university in Virginia , officials did not want tuition levels to influence a student ’s choice of major , according to Samuel Jones , vice president of finance .
“ We really want them to feel a level playing field across the disciplines , ” he said .
At UCLA , third - year chemical engineering student Karen Lee hopes the UC regents come to the same conclusion .
As the president of the campus organization Engineers Without Borders , which sends volunteers to work on sanitation and water projects in Third World countries , Lee said she worries about how the United States can maintain high standings in technical research while making it more expensive for students to study those subjects .
“ Why make it harder for us to be the leader in science and engineering ? ” asked Lee , who is 19 .
“ It does n’t make sense to me . ”
--
Advertisement
larry.gordon@latimes.com
Most Americans are n’t familiar with Derren Brown , the mentalist - cum - magician - cum - con man , but in the UK , he ’s been boggling the minds of TV watchers for years , with his oft - unexplained feats of psychological tomfoolery , such as reading minds , performing live séances , and predicting horse races .
In the first of series of live specials for UK ’s Channel 4 , he upped his game by claiming to be able to predict the outcome of the British National Lottery on live television , a feat he apparently successfully achieved .
Here is that broadcast :
Now , Derren Brown himself calls this a “ highly complex event of misdirection ” , so you know things are n’t exactly as they appear .
His own explanation involved 24 volunteers , long division , and a heart free from avarice– basically bullshit .
Discarding that explanation , several enterprising viewers claim to have figured out how he did it , and the results seem to fall in line with what was broadcast .
The Solution : the 30 - second version
Mutated Monty applies Occam ’s Razor to the task : the simplest solution being the best .
He demonstrates how some phony camera shake and a split screen gave Brown enough time to jigger with his balls .
The Breakdown
Noiseache gives us a play - by - play of exactly what ’s going on during the broadcast :
The Evidence
And DerrenExposed corroborates this explanation , exposing a technical glitch in a close - up of the balls :
And Just For Laughs
And finally Holy Moly takes the piss out of Derren Brown with this send - up :
Despite what Derren Brown claims is the “ official ” explanation , he has maintained that it ’s just a trick after all .
This does n’t detract from the fact that he ’s a master of misdirection and manipulation by suggestion as one of my favorite clips below demonstrates :
Derren Brown Uses Subliminal Ads to Influence People – Watch a funny movie here
Economists fear millions of jobs lost in Great Recession will never come back
WASHINGTON --
Even with an economic revival , many U.S. jobs lost during the recession may be gone forever and a weak employment market could linger for years , some economists say .
That could add up to a " new normal " of higher joblessness and lower standards of living for many Americans , they say .
Economists and policymakers say the job - creating dynamics of previous recoveries can't be counted on now because :
The auto and construction industries helped lead the nation out of past recessions .
But the carnage among Detroit 's automakers and the surplus of new and foreclosed homes and empty commercial properties make it unlikely these two industries will be engines of growth anytime soon .
The job market is caught in a vicious circle :
Without more jobs , consumers will have a hard time increasing their spending ; but without that spending , businesses might see little reason to start hiring .
Many small and midsize businesses are still struggling to obtain bank loans , impeding their expansion plans and constraining overall economic growth .
Higher - income households are spending less because of big losses on their homes , retirement plans and other investments .
Lower - income households are cutting back because they can't borrow as they once did .
That the recovery in jobs will be long and drawn out is something economists and policymakers basically agree on , even as their proposals for remedies vary widely .
Retrenching businesses will be slow in hiring back or replacing workers they laid off .
Many of the 7.2 million jobs the economy has shed since the recession began in December 2007 may never come back .
" This Great Recession is an inflection point for the economy in many respects .
I think the unemployment rate will be permanently higher , or at least higher for the foreseeable future , " said Mark Zandi , chief economist and co-founder of Moody 's Economy.com .
" The collective psyche has changed as a result of what we 've been through .
And we 're going to be different as a result , " said Zandi , who formerly advised Sen.
John McCain , R - Ariz. , and now is consulted by Democrats in the administration and in Congress .
Even before the recession , many jobs had vanished or been shipped overseas amid a general decline of U.S. manufacturing .
The severest downturn since the Depression has accelerated the process .
Many economists believe the recession reversed course in the recently ended third quarter , and they predict modest growth in the nation 's gross domestic product over the next few years .
Yet the national unemployment rate is currently at a 26 - year high of 9.8 percent -- and likely to top 10 percent soon and stay there awhile .
" Many factors are pushing against a quick recovery , " said Heidi Shierholz , an economist at the labor - oriented Economic Policy Institute .
" Things will come back .
But it 's going to take a long time .
I think we will likely see elevated unemployment at least until 2014 . "
At best , many economists see an economic recovery without a return to moderate unemployment .
At worst , they suggest the fragile recovery could lose steam and drag the economy back under for a double - dip recession .
President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats are having a hard time agreeing on how to keep the recovery going and help millions of unemployed workers -- short of another round of stimulus spending amid rising voter alarm over soaring federal deficits .
So far , they 've been unable to win even a three - month extension of unemployment insurance for people in states with jobless rates above 8.5 percent .
Based on the T - 600 skin job from Terminator 4 , this 2GB USB drive has eyes made of swanky Swarovski rhinestones .
And like the USB Skull Rings ( also from Solid Alliance ) , it 'll be a limited edition run .
Advertisement
Given the $ 160 asking price , no kidding .
Hardcore fans can pick one up from GeekStuff4U in September , and use it with their Mac or PC .
Advertisement
Like your T - 600 toys ?
Check out the T - 600 Voice ' N ' Vision Skull and Power Fist , or the T - 600 bobble head .
Good times !
[ Solid Alliance ( translated ) via Akihabara News ]
The war on drugs has failed and should make way for a global shift towards decriminalising cannabis use and promoting harm reduction , says the former president of Brazil , writing today in the Observer .
Fernando Henrique Cardoso argues that the hardline approach has brought " disastrous " consequences for Latin America , which has been the frontline in the war on drug cultivation for decades , while failing to change the continent 's position as the largest exporter of cocaine and marijuana .
His intervention , which will reignite growing debate in Europe about how to tackle drugs , was welcomed yesterday by campaigners for drug law reform who increasingly see the impact on developing countries where drugs are produced as critical to the argument .
" After decades of overflights , interdictions , spraying and raids on jungle drug factories , Latin America remains the world 's largest exporter of cocaine and marijuana , " Cardoso writes .
" It is producing more and more opium and heroin .
It is developing the capacity to mass produce synthetic drugs .
Continuing the drugs war with more of the same is ludicrous . "
Cardoso , a sociologist , said Argentina , Mexico , Colombia , Bolivia and Ecuador had all now taken steps towards drug law liberalisation and that change was " imminent " in Brazil .
The way forward worldwide would involve a " strategy of reaching out , patiently and persistently , to the users and not the continued waging of a misguided and counterproductive war that makes the users , rather than the drug lords , the primary victims , " he added .
Danny Kushlick of Transform , which campaigns for drug liberalisation , said Cardoso 's intervention illustrated the human cost of efforts to combat the drugs trade on often poor and underdeveloped producer countries : " Until this problem is taken up as a development issue it 's not going to move anywhere .
The default position is that this is a problem of addiction , but people have completely missed the point of the war on drugs , that the vastly detrimental effects are largely in production and transit .
If you look at a nation state like Guinea Bissau , which was a fragile state before and now is a fragile narco - state , that is a prime example of the vulnerability of developing countries to the fact that these drugs are incredibly expensive . "
Cardoso's article follows the conclusions published earlier this year of a commission on drugs composed of three former Latin American leaders , who had been lobbying Washington for a change in its conduct of the war on drugs .
Barack Obama 's election to the White House is viewed as an opportunity for fresh thinking , with Cardoso among guests invited to a discussion on drugs policy with him before he became president .
Wash that mouth out with bacteria !
Page / Link : Page URL : Page URL : HTML link : < a href= " https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Wash+that+mouth+out+with+bacteria!-a061793406</a>
HTML link : Citations : MLA style : " Wash that mouth out with bacteria ! . "
The Free Library .
2000 Science Service , Inc. 30 Sep. 2020 " Wash that mouth out with bacteria !. " .
2000 Science Service , Inc. 30 Sep. 2020 https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Wash+that+mouth+out+with+bacteria!-a061793406
Chicago style : The Free Library .
S.v. Wash that mouth out with bacteria !. "
Retrieved Sep 30 2020 from The Free Library .
S.v. Wash that mouth out with bacteria !. "
Retrieved Sep 30 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Wash+that+mouth+out+with+bacteria!-a061793406
APA style : Wash that mouth out with bacteria !. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Sep 30 2020 from
Wash that mouth out with bacteria !. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Sep 30 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Wash+that+mouth+out+with+bacteria!-a061793406
A spoonful of sugar may make the medicine go down , but it also provides a feast for Streptococcus mutans .
This bacterium , the primary cause of tooth decay , colonizes the teeth of almost everyone by age 3 .
Nourished by sugar , the microbe produces lactic acid , which destroys tooth enamel , leading to the lesions known as caries or cavities .
A few scientists have long pursued the idea of eliminating tooth decay by replacing the destructive strain of S. mutans with a harmless one .
In the February INFECTION AND IMMUNITY , Jeffrey D. Hillman of the University of Florida College of Dentistry in Gainesville and his colleagues describe a genetically engineered version of the microbe that may fit the bill .
If the Food and Drug Administration approves the group 's proposal , the researchers could begin human safety tests of the bacterium this year .
Called replacement therapy , the strategy of swapping bad bacteria in a person for safe ones dates back more than a century .
Louis Pasteur discussed the merits of the approach , notes Hillman .
Scientists have had little success with it , however .
The main difficulty has been finding in nature a harmless strain that can displace the pathogenic form of a bacterium .
In the case of S. mutans , for example , " whatever strain gets there first has an edge , " explains Hillman .
The researchers decided to create a replacement strain with a clear advantage .
They started with a naturally occurring S. mutans strain that secretes a chemical compound that kills other forms of the microbe .
The Florida scientists found that this murderous strain can safely displace a natural S. mutans population .
They next crippled this bacterium 's lactic acid production by disabling the gene for a crucial enzyme .
Unable to make lactic acid , however , the microbes suffered a lethal buildup of toxic products from their altered metabolism .
So , the investigators further modified the S. mutans strain by adding an extra copy of a gene for an enzyme designed to break down the toxic compounds .
Voila , a strain that made no lactic acid but still thrived .
In rats , replacement therapy using this strain stopped tooth decay , even when the animals ate a high - sugar diet .
Would people allow dentists to squirt genetically engineered bacteria into their mouths ?
Hillman stresses that while fluoride and better dental - hygiene practices have slashed the rate of tooth decay among children , it remains a huge problem , especially as people live longer .
" Tooth decay is still one of the most costly infectious diseases we have , " he says , noting that people in the United States spend more than $ 50 billion a year on the condition .
Hillman 's team must rigorously prove the safety of its strain , warns Robert E. Marquis of the University of Rochester ( N.Y. )
Medical Center , who has also looked into S. mutans replacement therapy .
On rare occasions , he notes , the natural microbe escapes into the blood and causes dangerous heart infections .
Hillman 's group has indeed begun to check whether its replacement strain is more or less likely to do the same .
Even if S. mutans replacement therapy does n't become widespread , Hillman hopes that proving its feasibility will prompt scientists to try the approach with more dangerous bacteria , such as the ones that cause meningitis .
" There 's a long list of bacterial infections that are approachable with replacement therapy , " he says .
Life could n't be better for Danny - a gypsy caravan for a home , a garage where he could work on cars all day , and a best friend who never ran out of surprises and inventions : his father .
But Dad has one surprise that catches Danny completely off - guard , a secret passion that he 's hidden for years .
Now the secret 's out and Danny 's off on an adventure that will make him a legend in his own time .
OpenBTS injunction lifted
[ Announcements ] Posted Aug 5 , 2009 14:15 UTC ( Wed ) by corbet
The injunction against distribution of the OpenBTS cellular base station system has now been lifted .
The main effect for the moment appears to be the opening up of the project 's internal discussion mailing list .
" Also , we 'll be updating the gnuradio - based OpenBTS repository and site sometime in September .
We 'd do it sooner , but we 're busy getting ready for this year 's experimentation of OpenBTS at Burning Man 2009 . "
See this article from February for a description of some of the problems surrounding OpenBTS .
Full Story ( comments : 3 )
Mothers who work raise unhealthier children than those who stay at home , researchers said today .
Children whose mothers are employed are more likely to be driven to school , watch TV , snack on fizzy drinks and eat too few portions of fruits and vegetables , a study found .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The research , on more than 12,000 British schoolchildren , was published in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health .
Mothers who worked full - time had the unhealthiest children , followed by those who worked part - time .
A total of 30 per cent ( 4,030 ) of the mothers had not worked since the birth of their child but the rest ( 8,546 ) were employed .
They typically worked 21 hours per week ( with a range of 16 to 30 hours ) and for 45 months ( with a range of 25 to 55 months ) .
The mothers were questions about the hours they worked and their children 's diet , exercise and activity levels when the youngsters were five .
This included how much sweets and crisps , sugary drinks , fruits and vegetables the child ate and drank , and whether they took part in organised exercise and how they got to school .
Mothers were also asked how long their child spent in front of a TV or computer each day .
Overall , many children had habits that could lead to them becoming overweight .
For example , 37 per cent of children mostly ate crisps or sweets between meals and 41 per cent mostly drank sweetened drinks .
A total of 61 per cent watched television or used the computer for at least two hours a day .
But when the researchers took away factors that might influence the results , such as socio- economic background , they found a definite link between a mother working and the child 's ' health .
The researchers , from the Institute of Child Health in London , said : " Children whose mothers worked part - time or full - time were more likely to primarily drink sweetened beverages between meals ( compared to other beverages ) , use the television / computer at least 2 hours daily ( compared to 0 - 2 ) or be driven to school ( compared to walk / cycle ) than children whose mothers had never been employed .
" Children whose mothers worked full - time were less likely to primarily eat fruit / vegetables between meals ( compared to other snacks ) or eat three or more portions of fruit daily ( compared to two or fewer ) . "
The researchers also looked at whether flexible working had an impact , but found no strong effect on the health of the children .
The researchers called for more support for working families and concluded : " Currently , approximately 60 per cent of women with a child aged five or younger in the UK or USA are employed .
" For many families the only parent or both parents are working .
" This may limit parents ' capacity to provide their children with healthy foods and opportunities for physical activity .
" Policies and programmes are needed to help support parents and create a health - promoting environment . "
Several years ago , I read an article in Harper 's – John Jeremiah Sullivan 's gorgeous " Horseman , Pass By " – that discussed , along with the bond between fathers and sons and the transcendence of Secretariat , the central role of of horses in human development and human imagination : this " verb made from flesh , this thing whose every atom wanted to run , " with " enormous eyes that always seem to see you no matter where you stand , " that had carried riders across Eurasia and into history .
Thousands of years of symbiosis leave a trace .
It shows up most clearly in the language , this deep familiarity , in all the excellent words .
Beyond all the metaphors that have passed into our speech – all the ponytails and tantivies , the horsebeans , horseleeches , and horselaughs , beyond all the junkies shooting white horse and all the cutpurses hung from the mare foaled of an acorn – beyond that there is , most excellent of all , the terminology , the words we have evolved in order to live in such close association with these beings for such a long time , to be able to talk about them and what they do : piebald and roan , withers and farrier , crupper and martingale .
A martian , equipped only with time and a dictionary , could reconstruct the history of the human race by looking for these proliferation - points of vocabulary , where the language suddenly explodes , signaling long intimacy , necessity .
As luck should have it , I had reason to search for synonyms for uproar today , which led me to a synonym search for fight .
And witness the long intimacy , the necessity signaled there :
Altercate , assault , attack , bandy with , battle , bear arms , bicker , box , brawl , brush with , buck , challenge , clash , contend , cross swords , dispute , do battle , duel , exchange blows , feud , flare up , grapple , joust , meet , oppugn , ply weapons , protect , quarrel , repel , resist , rowdy , scrap , scuffle , skirmish , spar , strive , struggle , tiff , tilt , traverse , tug , tussle , wage war , war , withstand , wrangle , wrestle .
Buck , buckle down , carry on , combat , conduct , contest , continue , defy , effect , endure , engage in , exert oneself , fall out , force , further , hammer away , hassle , lay into , light into , maintain , oppose , persevere , persist , prosecute , push forward , repel , row , squabble , strive , struggle , support , take on , take pains , tangle with , toil on , travail , uphold , wage .
Beat off , bottle up , check , contain , control , curb , fight off , hold back , oppose , reply , repress , repulse , resist , restrain , retaliate , stave off , ward off .
Bout , duel , fight , fight game , fistic sport , fisticuffs , haymaker , match , prizefighting , pugilism , slugfest .
Conflict , encounter , engagement , fight , fighting , fray , skirmish , warfare .
Aggressiveness , antagonism , belligerence , combativeness , destructiveness , dirty deed , fight , hostility , pugnacity , push .
Armed fighting , armed hostilities , war , warfare .
Fierce contest , intense battle , melee , pitched battle , riot , rumble .
Altercate , argufy , brawl , caterwaul , cavil , dig , disagree , dispute , fall out , fight , hassle , pick at , quarrel , quibble , row , scrap , scrape , spar , spat , squabble , tiff , wrangle .
And that 's just the start .
The entry goes on ... and on ... and on .
And it says a whole lot about what 's made human beings human .
This is n't exactly a hard scientific insight , rather a bit of hypothetical sociolinguistic archaeology , but I wanted to share it anyways .
In case that gets you down , keep in mind that there 's even more words for love .
So keep fighting the good fight ....
Image : Albrecht Altdorfer , " The Battle of Alexander at Issus "
See Also :
by Black Bubblegum
" Varg " Rathbone and Varg Vikernes ...
Guess which one is the actor
Varg Vikernes is a free man .
According to Blabbermouth , the once Mayhem - er ( before the whole murder thing ) and artist currently known as Burzum recently confirmed to Norway 's Dagbladet that he had indeed been set free and " will have to report [ to the parole officer ] for one year -- initially every two weeks , and then once a month " .
Varg Vikernes was originally sent away to prison for the brutal murder of Øystein Aarseth , who was found stabbed twenty - three times on August 10th , 1993 .
There have been many stories regarding the events of that night , motives , etc ... one version of which was recounted by Vikernes himself on his website .
Another version of the events on 8/10/93 can be found in a book that Vikernes has described as " brain - dead " - the highly popular Lords Of Chaos .
Lords of Chaos : The Bloody Rise of the Satanic Metal Underground is a book by Michael Moynihan and Didrik Søderlind ...
The book focuses on the scene surrounding the extreme heavy metal sub - genre black metal in Norway between 1990 and 1993 ...
The book ... details the April 1991 suicide of Mayhem front man Per Yngve " Dead " Ohlin and the formation of a radicalized " inner circle " around Øystein " Euronymous " Aarseth , based out of his small black metal retail shop Helvete ( Norwegian for " hell " ) in Oslo , Norway .
In 1992 and 1993 , members of the group became connected with a series of crimes , starting with the arson of the Fantoft stave church on June 6 , 1992 , although the book mentions that there had previously been a " small , ineffectual fire at Storeveit Church . " .
Church arsons continue but with a steady decline up until the year 1995 .
On August 10 , 1993 Aarseth is murdered by Vikernes , who receives a 21 years sentence for the murder and several cases of arson related to the church burnings .
Now , Lords of Chaos is getting the Hollywood treatment .
Scheduled for principal photography in Norway in mid-Sept , Japanese director Sion Sono will lead Twilight 's Jackson Rathbone who was been cast as Varg Vikernes .
To quote one Blabbermouth commenter
posted by : Neil Young 's Cocaine Booger
5/21/2009 12:05:50 PM
I heard a rumor that Jamie Foxx is gonna play Euronymous , Justin Timberlake is gonna play Dead , and that douchebag from High School Musical is gonna be Snorre Ruch .
That might actually be awesome .
Some related videos below ...
WASHINGTON -- Americans have historically swung between anger at big business and anger at Washington .
This year their rage has targeted business and government with equal fury .
Public frustration over Wall Street failures that led to the financial crisis was typified by the uproar over bonus payments to American International Group Inc. executives .
Those feelings have n't dissipated , political strategists say .
At the same time , Americans are equally upset at what they call overreaching by Congress and federal bureaucrats , ...
The news of the child 's miraculous recovery was then taken to his mother , who was in a bed in the same hospital .
The original was Maurice Sendak 's vision and the forthcoming film version is largely Spike Jonze's .
Now , Dave Eggers has written a novel inspired by the classic children 's picture book Where The Wild Things Are .
He introduces an extract from it
« Vous trouverez rarement un leader politique qui se soit comporté avec autant de sens moral que moi . »
Ségolène Royal l'affirme : elle ne fait rien pour gêner la première secrétaire du PS , Martine Aubry .
Mieux , elle lui a , dit - elle , sauvé la mise en ne se rendant pas aux ateliers d'été organisés par Vincent Peillon , une semaine avant l'université d'été de La Rochelle .
Elle a évité de « faire exploser le parti » puisque c'est là-bas que Peillon a tendu la main au MoDem .
Royal n'a pas souhaité prendre ce risque :
« Il y aurait eu deux partis , celui de Marseille et celui d'Aubry à La Rochelle .
J'ai conscience de la fragilité du PS . »
» Retrouvez tous les confidentiels du Figaro
Philosophy of __________ ;
__________ of Philosophers
" Know Thyself " " The unexamined life is not worth living . " --
Socrates [ I do n't think this is to be taken as meaning that a life without psychoanalysis ( or depth analysis ) is not worth living ; rather what he meant is that a life without rational discussion is not worth living .
Andrew Chrucky ]
Introduction
If you look at the back cover of any of the books in the Prentice - Hall 's Foundations of Philosophy Series , you will notice that the majority of the titles have the form " Philosophy of ________ " , with the blank filled in with some suitable word ; for example , Philosophy of Religion .
In fact , you can fill the blank by the names of the various departments of knowledge ( or names of departments in the arts and sciences at universities ) .
Sciences ( in a broad sense ) can be divided into the a priori ( non-empirical ) and the a posteriori ( empirical ) sciences .
The a priori sciences include logic and mathematics ; the a posteriori sciences include the subcategories of the natural and the social sciences .
However , from a general perspective , the problems of philosophy fall into three areas :
(1) What exists ?
( Metaphysics , Ontology )
(2) How do I know ?
( Logic , Methodology , Epistemology )
(3) What is valuable ?
( Axiology , Ethics , Aesthetics , Praxiology )
From a still different perspective -- suggested by Curt Ducasse , all areas of philosophy deal with values ; so that philosophy is best characterized as composed of normative studies .
By a suitable rephrasing , these divisions of philosophy could be made to fit the " philosophy of _______ " schema .
For example , metaphysics would become " philosophy of being " ; epistemology , " philosophy of knowing " ; ethics , " philosophy of doing . "
Interesting as such a classification is , let us , for the sake of experiment , try to reverse the terms in the general formula to " _________ of Philosophy " ; e.g. Religion of Philosophy .
Well , as this example illustrates , this is an incoherent combination .
Philosophy is a study and cannot have a religion , only people can have religions .
So the formula should be altered to " Religion of Philosophers . "
The reason why the word " philosophy " has to be replaced with " philosophers " is as follows .
Philosophy , as a normative endeavor , is interested in critically examining the propositions of religions ; whereas to speak of a religion is to speak about the propositions which are in fact held by a person or groups of people .
So , philosophy , as a normative undertaking , is interested in actual and possible propositions in an area of inquiry , such as , religion ; but to speak of a religion , for example , is prima facie to speak about the actual religious beliefs of a person or persons .
And since this is true for the other things that can fill the blank is " philosophy of _____ " , it is more to the point to speak of the ______ of a philosopher or of a group of philosophers , rather than the " ________ of philosophy . "
First of all , this is n't a text message , so you can actually spell words out , for gods sake .
Secondly , why not try contacts ?
Usually you can get free testers from Wal - Mart , but only pay for the normal eye exam ( if it 's not covered by insurance ) .
“ The power of the computer should reside in the hands of the one using it . ”
Learn how to use OS X’s Automator application to create “ automation recipes ” ( VIDEO )
A website about automating the Photos application using Automator and AppleScript
iworkautomation.com
A website about automating the iWork suite of applications using AppleScript and Automator
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Pro-Palestinian protesters have made their own version of a controversial Israeli mobile phone advert .
The Cellcom ad , widely criticised for bad taste , shows troops enjoying a game of football with unseen Palestinians on the other side of a high concrete wall .
At protests against Israel 's West Bank barrier , activists filmed themselves kicking a ball to Israeli troops .
The video footage shows their gesture being met with tear gas canisters and their ball left trapped in barbed wire .
We threw the football to the soldiers , but they sent tear gas and stinking water back at us
Abdullah Abu Rahme , Bilin protester
The Cellcom advert , which first aired earlier in July , opens with a football landing on the bonnet of an Israeli military vehicle patrolling along the West Bank separation barrier .
After initial apprehension , one of the soldiers kicks the ball back over the high wall and seconds later it comes flying over once again .
Seeing the opportunity for an impromptu kick - about , the troops call in reinforcements , more jeeps arrive and everyone enjoys themselves with an upbeat tune playing in the background .
" After all , what are we all after ?
Just a little fun , " says the voiceover .
The advert was derided by critics for trivialising the fraught issue of the separation barrier and portraying the Palestinians as an invisible other .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Abdullah Abu Rahme , a leader of the weekly protest in the frontline village of Bilin , said their video - which uses the same sound track as Cellcom - was to show " we are here , we are suffering , this wall killed our life " .
" We threw the football to the soldiers , but they sent tear gas and stinking water back at us . "
Israeli Arab politicians have already called for the Cellcom advert to be removed from their airwaves .
" The barrier separates families and prevents children from reaching schools and clinics , " Ahmed Tibi told Reuters news agency .
" Yet the advertisement presents the barrier as though it were just a garden fence in Tel Aviv . "
Cellcom has said its " core value is communication between people " regardless of " religion , race or gender " .
The advertisement illustrates the possibility of " mutual entertainment " for people of diverse opinions , it said .
Deadly fire Bilin protesters - who include local Palestinians , Israeli activists and internationals - say they are non-violent .
The Israeli military says the protests are " unauthorised " , that stones and Molotov cocktails are often thrown and Israeli security infrastructure damaged .
Israeli forces frequently disperse protesters with tear gas , rubber - coated steel bullets and a foul - smelling liquid spray .
Six protesters have died from Israeli fire in Bilin and nearby Naalin in recent years , with two killed in recent months .
Israel began building the West Bank barrier - part wall , part metal fence - in 2002 .
It said it was to stop suicide bombers , but Palestinians see the structure as a land grab .
The barrier 's route has been widely criticised internationally for looping into Palestinian areas around Israeli settlements , rather than following the Green Line , which marks the boundary that separates Israel from the West Bank .
International Court of Justice ruled in 2004 that the barrier is illegal where it cuts into the West Bank and called for it to be pulled down .
A spokeswoman for Cellcom said it was just a coincidence that the advert was aired the same week as the fifth anniversary of the advisory verdict .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ceres has for too long been thought of as simply being a large asteroid , and along with this most are not even aware of its existence .
This is a pity because not only is Ceres a fairly large world of its own worth exploring , but it may be a better location than Mars for human colonization , and it's this nearly complete lack of knowledge about the ( dwarf ) planet that keeps it from being discussed in the public sphere as a destination for human exploration as is the case with the Moon vs. Mars .
Even when the diameter of Ceres is known it still does n't mean all that much .
It has a diameter of 950 km or so , but since diameter does n't mean much when trying to visualize the grandeur of a celestial body , this once again does n't mean much .
What is important is surface area , and even better is a comparison of the surface area compared with locations we know here on Earth .
On that note , here are two images of Ceres ( not a real image since we are still lacking in images from up close ; this is from Stellarium ) with some cities from Europe and the US ( plus Canada ) in order to show just how much there is to explore on Ceres .
Each one of these is only one half of its surface area so all the cities could fit inside .
The scale is quite rough but still accurate enough to give an idea of how much room there is to explore and develop on the surface of the planet .
As you can see , Ceres has a surface area that easily encompasses a number of well - known countries , and the total population that could comfortably live there ( looking at surface area alone ) is easily a few hundred million .
Certainly not just a big asteroid .
In fact , when Ceres was first discovered it was categorized as a planet ( that 's why it has a planetary symbol of its own ) , and it was n't until later that it was demoted and largely forgotten .
The Dawn spacecraft will arrive at Ceres in 2015 so when that happens there will certainly be a great deal of attention paid to Ceres , but hopefully it will be possible to begin discussing it as a possible destination even before then , which will not only build anticipation for Dawn 's arrival but also hopefully influence policy - a rover mission to the surface would be the next logical step after Dawn , and perhaps if the decision is made to begin exploring near - Earth asteroids before the Moon we will begin thinking about other alternative destinations as well , including Ceres .
The Moon is naturally still the easiest target after a near - Earth asteroid , but if manned missions to Mars are to be debated then there 's no reason to not include Ceres as well .
After all , launch windows are much more frequent :
and it apparently has more ice water within it than all the fresh water on Earth .
Does anyone remember all the lies that they were told by President Bush and the " mainstream media " about the grave threat to America from weapons of mass destruction in Iraq ?
These lies were repeated endlessly in the print and TV media despite the reports from the weapons inspectors , who had been sent to Iraq , that no such weapons existed .
The weapons inspectors did an honest job in Iraq and told the truth , but the mainstream media did not emphasize their findings .
Instead , the media served as a Ministry of Propaganda , beating the war drums for the US government .
Now the whole process is repeating itself .
This time the target is Iran .
As there is no real case against Iran , Obama took a script from Bush ’s playbook and fabricated one .
First the facts :
As a signatory to the non-proliferation treaty , Iran ’s nuclear facilities are open to inspection by the International Atomic Energy Agency , which carefully monitors Iran ’s nuclear energy program to make certain that no material is diverted to nuclear weapons .
The IAEA has monitored Iran ’s nuclear energy program and has announced repeatedly that it has found no diversion of nuclear material to a weapons program .
All 16 US intelligence agencies have affirmed and reaffirmed that Iran abandoned interest in nuclear weapons years ago .
In keeping with the safeguard agreement that the IAEA be informed before an enrichment facility comes online , Iran informed the IAEA on September 21 that it had a new nuclear facility under construction .
By informing the IAEA , Iran fulfilled its obligations under the safeguards agreement .
The IAEA will inspect the facility and monitor the nuclear material produced to make sure it is not diverted to a weapons program .
Despite these unequivocal facts , Obama announced on September 25 that Iran has been caught with a " secret nuclear facility " with which to produce a bomb that would threaten the world .
The Obama regime ’s claim that Iran is not in compliance with the safeguards agreement is disinformation .
Between the end of 2004 and early 2007 , Iran voluntarily complied with an additional protocol ( Code 3.1 ) that was never ratified and never became a legal part of the safeguards agreement .
The additional protocol would have required Iran to notify the IAEA prior to beginning construction of a new facility , whereas the safeguards agreement in force requires notification prior to completion of a new facility .
Iran ceased its voluntary compliance with the unratified additional protocol in March 2007 , most likely because of the American and Israeli misrepresentations of Iran ’s existing facilities and military threats against them .
By accusing Iran of having a secret " nuclear weapons program " and demanding that Iran " come clean " about the nonexistent program , adding that he does not rule out a military attack on Iran , Obama mimics the discredited Bush regime ’s use of nonexistent Iraqi " weapons of mass destruction " to set up Iraq for invasion .
The US media , even the " liberal " National Public Radio , quickly fell in with the Obama lie machine .
Steven Thomma of the McClatchy Newspapers declared the non-operational facility under construction , which Iran reported to the IAEA , to be " a secret nuclear facility . "
Thomma , reported incorrectly that the world did n’t learn of Iran ’s " secret " facility , the one that Iran reported to the IAEA the previous Monday , until Obama announced it in a joint appearance in Pittsburgh the following Friday with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and French President Nicolas Sarkoszy .
Obviously , Thomma has no command over the facts , a routine inadequacy of " mainstream media " reporters .
The new facility was revealed when Iran voluntarily reported the facility to the IAEA on September 21 .
Ali Akbar Dareini , an Associated Press writer , reported , incorrectly , over AP : " The presence of a second uranium - enrichment site that could potentially produce material for a nuclear weapon has provided one of the strongest indications yet that Iran has something to hide . "
Dareini goes on to write that " the existence of the secret site was first revealed by Western intelligence officials and diplomats on Friday . "
Dareini is mistaken .
We learned of the facility when the IAEA announced that Iran had reported the facility the previous Monday in keeping with the safeguards agreement .
Dareini ’s untruthful report of " a secret underground uranium enrichment facility whose existence has been hidden from international inspectors for years " helped to heighten the orchestrated alarm .
There you have it .
The president of the United States and his European puppets are doing what they do best — lying through their teeth .
The US " mainstream media " repeats the lies as if they were facts .
The US " media " is again making itself an accomplice to wars based on fabrications .
Apparently , the media ’s main interest is to please the US government and hopefully obtain a taxpayer bailout of its failing print operations .
Dr. Mohamed ElBaradei , Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency , a rare man of principle who has not sold his integrity to the US and Israeli governments , refuted in his report ( September 7 , 2009 ) the baseless " accusations that information has been withheld from the Board of Governors about Iran ’s nuclear programme .
I am dismayed by the allegations of some Member states , which have been fed to the media , that information has been withheld from the Board .
These allegations are politically motivated and totally baseless .
Such attempts to influence the work of the Secretariat and undermine its independence and objectivity are in violation of Article VII .F. of the IAEA Statute and should cease forthwith . "
As there is no legal basis for action against Iran , the Obama regime is creating another hoax , like the non-existent " Iraqi weapons of mass destruction . "
The hoax is that a facility , reported to the IAEA by Iran , is a secret facility for making nuclear weapons .
Just as the factual reports from the weapons inspectors in Iraq were ignored by the Bush Regime , the factual reports from the IAEA are ignored by the Obama Regime .
Like the Bush Regime , the Middle East policy of the Obama Regime is based in lies and deception .
Who is the worst enemy of the American people , Iran or the government in Washington and the media whores who serve it ?
The Best of Paul Craig Roberts
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Environmental stresses could be causing physical changes in the bears
Polar bears have shrunk over the last century , according to research .
Scientists compared bear skulls from the early 20th Century with those from the latter half of the century .
Their study , in the Journal of Zoology , describes changes in size and shape that could be linked an increase in pollution and the reduction in sea ice .
Physical " stress " caused by pollutants in the bears ' bodies , and the increased effort needed to find food , could limit the animals ' growth , the team said .
The researchers used the skulls as indicators of body size .
The skulls from the later period were between two and 9 % smaller .
Polar bears are one of the most polluted mammals on the globe
Christian Sonne , University of Aarhus " Because the ice is melting , the bears have to use much more energy to hunt their prey , " explained Cino Pertoldi , professor of biology from Aarhus University and the Polish Academy of Science , and lead scientist in this study .
" Imagine you have two twins - one is well fed during its growth and one is starving .
( The starving ) one will be much smaller , because it will not have enough energy to allocate to growth . "
The team , which included colleagues from Aarhus University 's Department of Arctic Environment , also found shape differences between the skulls from the different periods .
This development was slightly more mysterious , said Dr Pertoldi .
He explained that it was not possible to determine the cause , but that the changes could be linked to the environment - more specifically to pollutants that have built up in the Arctic , and in the polar bears ' bodies .
The aim of the study was to compare two groups of animals that lived during periods when sea ice extent and pollution levels were very different .
The pollutants that the scientists focused on were compounds containing carbon and halogens - fluorine , chlorine , bromine or iodine .
Some of these compounds have already been phased out , but many still have important uses in industry .
These include solvents , pesticides , refrigerants , adhesives and coatings .
Genetic brink
The changes , the team says , could also be related to a reduction in the genetic diversity of the species .
The team used skulls from the Zoological Museum of Copenhagen Hunting over the last century , said Dr Pertoldi , could have depleted the gene pool , leaving polar bears to suffer the effects of inbreeding .
" We also know from previous studies that some chlorinated chemical pollutants have affected the fertility of the females , " he continued .
Rune Dietz from Aarhus University was another member of the research team .
He explained that he and his colleagues had already determined a link between man-made " persistent organic pollutants " and reduced bone mineral density in polar bears - which could leave the animals vulnerable to injury and to the bone disease osteoporosis .
Skull collection
The maximum sea ice extent is declining by about 2.7 % per decade
The collection of almost 300 polar bear skulls was provided by the Zoological Museum of Copenhagen in Denmark .
Christian Sonne , a veterinary scientist from Aarhus University who worked with the team , said that this provided a unique and " fantastic sample " , providing a window into the bears ' development over a whole century .
During that time , he said , concentrations of many man-made pollutants in the Arctic have significantly increased .
He said : " Polar bears are one of the most polluted mammals on the globe . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Or a rich fat cat who can with a single check make all your campaign finance worries go away ?
A person who can maybe send you a few bucks if they 're lucky enough not to miss any work during the year ?
Al - Nahar ,
Following are excerpts from the interview : [ 1 ]
" My Generation Cannot Overcome the Hurt of 1967 ; All the Attacks On Me Were Because I Forced Them to Face the Truth "
Interviewer : " Today , 15 years after your [ first ] visit to Israel and the publication of your book , A Drive to Israel , [ 2 ] what does the date April 7 , 1994 [ i.e. the date you set out on this trip ] mean to you ?
How do you see this trip now , and what memories do you have of it ?
Salem : " I have a lot [ of memories ] , since [ at the time , ] I courageously put the horse before the cart , because I wanted to be the first to take the initiative and move from wartime to peacetime , in an era in which each of us had to decide for himself what to do .
" My trip posed a serious challenge to the Egyptian intellectuals and the entire Egyptian society .
This challenge can be summed up in the [ following ] question :
How are we to treat this small society next to us [ i.e. Israeli society ] ?
Reality forced us to embark upon a peace campaign with the society that defeated us ruthlessly in 1967 .
My generation cannot overcome the hurt of 1967 .
All the attacks on me were because I forced them to face the truth .
I made them take action and start a new way of life , and that was painful for them .
I wanted them to take a path that required courage and creativity .
But they are lazy .
" The attacks and invective that I incurred were nothing unusual .
You will find no one who will openly acknowledge that they are against me ; however , there is a general consensus to ruin my good name and malign my character .
" In 1996 , they cancelled my membership in the Egyptian Cinema Association , where I was member of three departments : writing , directing , and acting .
After they questioned me , I asked them , ' What regulation did I violate that you should expel me ?
I found that [ the Association ] had no rule against normalization , but that it had passed a resolution specifically prohibiting artistic cooperation with Israel …
" By the way , my expulsion from the Cinema Association aroused little public interest .
However , when I was expelled from the Egyptian Writers Association in 2001 , there was an uproar .
Especially when I went to court , which reinstated my membership - but later I resigned of my own accord . "
Interviewer : " I believe that someone on the other side [ i.e. in the West ] is helping you . "
Salem : " Of course , [ I get ] moral support .
[ I also have the support ] of several friends in the Arab world and Egypt , but the cost is very high .
For 15 years , people have reviled and cursed me on every satellite TV channel , and I have n't [ the strength ] to defend myself . "
Interviewer : " You describe the help you are receiving from the other side as moral support , but I think it 's sometimes material support [ as well ] .
Last November , for example , you received a $ 50,000 prize in the U.S.
Is n't that material support ?
Salem : " [ What I received ] was a well - known award for civil courage given by the John Train Foundation .
It is granted to ordinary people who ' resist evil at great personal risk . '
I had applied for it twice [ before ] , but got it only the third time around ... "
I Came to Israel Out of Natural Human Curiosity
Interviewer : " Let us go back a little .
Where did this idea come from , and what prompted your decision [ to visit Israel ] ?
I read your book A Drive to Israel , and saw that you describe your trip as follows : ' This was no journey of love , but an earnest attempt to rid myself of hatred . '
Is that really what happened ?
That simple and romantic ? "
Salem : " There 's a 1960s film called The Russians Are Coming .
It deals with the Cold War and lampoons politicians on both sides .
I think that this movie [ ultimately ] brought about the end of the Cold War .
In the beginning of this movie , a Russian submarine approaches the American coast and gets stuck in the mud .
The captain and the sailors look at the shore through a telescope and are astonished .
When the deputy commander asks , ' Why are we getting so close to them ? ' the commander replies , ' I want to see America .
It is natural intellectual and human curiosity [ to want to get to know the other side ] . '
" This line had a great impact on me .
That kind of curiosity can help you overcome all obstacles . "
Interviewer : " Surely that line , which lingered in your conscious or unconscious mind , is not the only factor that triggered your decision to visit [ Israel ] . "
Salem : " Curiosity was the primary reason .
That is what I wrote in my book .
I wanted to see Israel up close , just like that submarine commander wanted to see America , even though it was openly hostile to his country .
[ I wanted to see Israel ] up close .
When the soldier at the border [ crossing ] asked me , ' Why are you visiting Israel ? '
I answered , ' To see it and get to know it . ' "
Sadat 's Peace Initiative Was a Step of Remarkable Human Courage
Interviewer : " I respect your right to try and get to know [ the other side ] , but could you [ really ] disregard the remains of 50 years - the bones of the martyrs and the rubble of [ our ] ruined villages , homes , and homeland ?
How did you shake that off ?
How did you leave those memories behind ?
[ I heard that ] you did n't dare tell your family of your plans .
You phoned your daughter from Al - ' Arish to tell her . "
Salem : " That 's right .
Had I told them they would have wept and been hurt , and that might have shaken my resolve to make the trip ...
" After the 1973 war , there were talks , and the [ two sides ] signed a disengagement treaty .
At that point , we were [ already ] on our way towards peace .
Then came Sadat 's initiative , which formed the cornerstone of my idea [ to visit Israel ] .
" That was the turning point .
It was a step of [ remarkable ] human courage and a dramatic moment [ created by ] Sadat .
I witnessed that moment and sympathized with him .
I could understand the courage it took .
" The day [ Sadat announced his ] initiative , I was sitting at the Café Riche [ in Cairo ] .
Amid a storm of raging intellectuals and bombastic words , I expressed my opinion about [ Sadat ] and my support for what he had done .
We must not forget that the 1973 war was over , and that , despite the [ Egyptian army 's ] immense success in crossing the [ Suez ] canal , the war had ended with the Israeli army inside Sinai , 90 kilometers from Cairo ... "
" The Opposition To and Delaying Of Normalization Have Harmed Egypt As Well As the Palestinian Cause "
Interviewer : " So [ Sadat 's ] initiative was the beginning . "
Salem : " Yes , and after reading the peace accords , I did not wish to deceive myself .
I understood that Sadat had been a giant in initiating and negotiating [ the peace treaty ] .
During that time , I also interviewed Israelis in Cairo .
A trip to Israel was not on the agenda [ back then ] , for two reasons .
First , the Israelis had not yet withdrawn from the Egyptian territories .
Second , there was no hint , especially after Sadat 's death , of an imminent solution to the Palestinian problem . "
Interviewer : " And to this very day , Israel is avoiding finding a just and comprehensive solution to this problem . "
Salem : " True , but what about the Oslo Accords ... [ in which ] each side recognized the other ?
For me , the Oslo [ Accords ] were very significant , and I had to draw people 's attention to them .
Also , [ I felt ]
I had no choice but to realize my wish , and get to know these people [ i.e. the Israelis ] and see what they were doing . "
Interviewer : " So you see the peace agreement as a considerable asset [ for Egypt ] , and the Oslo Accords as a political victory .
But others see these ' miracles , ' as you describe them , as steps down the ladder of concessions . "
Salem : " That 's the problem .
There is a prevailing view that peace is an [ act of ] backing down .
One fellow , an engineer with a PhD who is an expert on the Arab - Israeli conflict , said to me during the [ December 2008 Israeli ] invasion of Gaza : ' There is no need to revoke the [ Egypt - Israel peace ] agreement , [ but we can ] freeze some of its articles . '
How can we do that ?
That thinking is flagrantly irresponsible .
" Another man said to me : ' Why did we need the peace initiative [ in the first place ] ?
After all , we crossed the canal .
We could have waited quietly for another five years and then started another war . '
How nice !
Would Israel have let [ us ] sit quietly for five years , or even for one day ?...
" It boils down to this : [ a choice between ] war and peace .
Any attempt to maneuver between the two is an adventure bound to end in Egypt 's defeat .
The opposition to and delaying of normalization have harmed Egypt as well as the Palestinian cause ... "
We Must Prompt the Palestinians to Unite under One Government , Which Will Negotiate the Establishment of a Palestinian State
Interviewer : " 15 years later , do you regret your journey [ to Israel ] ?
And how do you assess your role [ in promoting peace ] , which seems to have been a considerable one ?
Did your intellectual initiative , as you call it , succeed ?
Salem : " ... I did something good , or something that I considered good , and I do not regret it .
Peace is the right idea and will remain the right idea .
What Sadat did was a great thing , and all the wretched attempts will never succeed in destroying the idea of peace ...
" [ We must be ] patient , and [ know ] that there is no other solution .
We can not just close up shop and walk away .
We are facing a task that is almost impossible , but which we must carry out - namely , prompting the Palestinians , by every peaceful and friendly means , to unite under one government , which will undertake to conduct negotiations towards [ the establishment of ] a Palestinian state . "
Interviewer : " And what about the other side , which constantly digs in its heels and demands endless concessions ? "
Salem :
" Over the past 15 years , various elements have joined the peace process .
Some joined as part of the political game , holding contacts with Israel without [ signing any official ] agreements .
Who would have thought that Saudi Arabia would ever promote and adopt a peace initiative ?
Who would have believed 15 years ago that such a proposal would ever be made ?
But today it is happening .
Israel is being stubborn , but the Arabs have no choice but to be patient .
It is enough that the idea of war has been abandoned and the military option no longer exists . "
Interviewer : " [ How can you say that , ] when Israel is waging a new kind of war , replacing the wide - scale confrontation with small wars , which we call ' raids , ' whenever and however it pleases ? "
Salem : " A few days ago I read a nice article by a Palestinian writer .
In it , he expressed his opinion , saying : ' The only kind of resistance we can wage today is [ a campaign ] to persuade Israeli society to accept peace and the [ notion of a ] Palestinian state .
This society will never be persuaded as long as there is a suicide bombing here and a missile [ attack ] there .
This method [ only ] preserves its fear , and taps its hidden strength [ by triggering ] its memories of the Holocaust . ' "
Interviewer : " To whom do you ascribe the failure , or the paralysis , of the Egyptian - Israeli peace process ? "
Salem : " Regarding Egypt , I do not understand how people fail to realize the favor that [ Sadat ] did [ us ] and the value of what he did .
He restored all of the territories [ that had been occupied by Israel ] .
" It is strange that some people [ still ] say , ' What good did the peace [ agreement ] do us ? '
My answer to them is this : ' You refuse to recognize [ the value ] of peace , are therefore you are unable to understand what peace has created .
You refuse to accept what peace has given you .
The [ mere ] fact that you return to your home safely and are not hit by a sniper 's bullet or by a missile falling from the sky , that you do not [ have to ] darken your windows and fortify your door with sandbags , or check the list of the fallen every morning - all that , or [ at least ] some if it , is thanks to peace .
" There is no alternative solution ; even the most hawkish and arrogant Arab politicians do not have one .
They excel at bombastic [ speeches ] , but they are afraid of peace .
It is a burden they are unable to bear ... "
Israel Will Never Let Iran or the Arabs Possess Nuclear Weapons
Interviewer : " I assess that if Iran develops nuclear abilities , this could help the Arabs on the military level .
Why do n't we want that ? "
Salem : " Israel will never let Iran or the Arabs possess nuclear weapons .
[ But the real problem is ] that we are still living in the 1940s or 1950s .
At the very least , we are stuck in 1973 .
How many years have passed since then ?
" It has been 36 years , and we are still thinking along the lines of 1973 .
The advances that have been made in these 36 years - in science , weapons , aircraft , even submarines - do not enter into our calculations at all .
What have we done in these domains , while Israel developed and attained military superiority ?
Even without its nuclear capabilities , [ it is still superior to us ] .
Unfortunately , our development stopped in 1973 ... "
Interviewer : " To sum up , after 15 years ... would you do it again ?
Salem : " I would do it 100 times over . [ 1 ] went to make peace , to take part in the rapprochement between the two peoples , and to participate in building a channel for peace between them .
My book was [ aimed at promoting ] greater mutual understanding and cooperation between the two peoples . "
Endnotes :
[ 1 ] Al - Nahar ( Kuwait ) , April 23 - 24 , 2009 .
[ 2 ] A Drive to Israel - An Egyptian Meets His Neighbors , Dayan Center Publications , 128 , 2003 .
Charlie Cook and others are predicting a sea- change in public mood , with support for the GOP rising because of deficits .
This strikes me as an amazing thing .
It makes Charlie Brown , the football and Lucy look like the model of intelligent interaction .
If you believe in fiscal conservatism , the last place on earth you should look for salvation is the GOP .
They have single - handedly destroyed America 's finances since the 1980s , with the sole exception of George H W Bush , who was rejected by his own party precisely because of his fiscal sobriety .
The current debt is overwhelmingly inherited by Obama , and it would have been nuts to enter office in the downdraft of the sharp recession and set about cutting spending .
Bush had eight years to restrain it and he did n't .
He let it rip .
Think of the GOP 's phony concerns about the cost of the current healthcare bill and compare it with the GOP 's prescription drug entitlement that Rove rammed through the Congress when the GOP held total power .
The costs then were about eight times as great as the proposed costs now .
But that was a Republican measure and so it does n't somehow count as evidence of fiscal irresponsibility .
But Nancy Pelosi only has to raise an eye - brow and the alarms go off .
Somehow - thanks in part to dishonest partisan hacks like Glenn Reynolds and Sean Hannity - the Bush - Cheney debt is all Obama 's fault and you need to get Republicans back to fix it .
A commenter on Bruce Bartlett 's Forbes column has the best response to that :
The last Republican who left the office of the presidency with the federal public debt as a percentage of GDP less than when he entered was Richard Nixon ( FY 1975 ) .
The last Republican who left the office of the presidency with a federal deficit less than 2.7 % of GDP was Dwight Eisenhower ( FY 1961 ) .
Since WW II no Democratic president has ever left office with the federal public debt as a percentage of GDP more than when he entered .
And since WW II no Democratic president has ever left office with a federal deficit more than 2.6 % of GDP .
We already have at least one party of fiscal responsibility .
It 's called the Democratic Party .
Which , of course , is still a problem .
But nothing like the fiscal lunacy of the GOP .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Innes Bowen
The Donal MacIntyre Show , BBC 5 live
A damning High Court judgment into claims of Army abuse in Iraq has concluded that one of the Royal Military Police 's ( RMP ) most senior figures is " a most unsatisfactory witness " .
Three High Court judges ruled that RMP Deputy Provost Marshal Colonel Dudley Giles " lacked reliability " when he gave evidence to an inquiry into claims UK soldiers mistreated and murdered prisoners .
A whistleblower has told the BBC he was not surprised when he heard the judges ' comments .
" I believe that I was serving in something that was party to covering up quite serious allegations of torture and murder , " said the former Royal Military Policeman of his time in the corps .
2004 IRAQ ABUSE CLAIMS
Last week 's High Court hearing was part of a judicial review brought by six Iraqis who claim British soldiers murdered and assaulted prisoners
They claim the abuse followed what was known as the Battle of Danny Boy near Majar al - Kabir on 14 May 2004 The RMP 's Deputy Provost Marshal ( investigations ) Colonel Dudley Giles was a principle witness for the MoD at a High Court hearing last year into the allegations of abuse Last week three High Court judges ruled Colonel Giles was an " unsatisfactory witness " who " lacked the necessary objectivity , proficiency and reliability "
Army abuse claims ' being ignored '
John , not his real name , spent much of his career in the Special Investigation Branch , the Royal Military Police 's equivalent of the CID .
But it was a career he felt he was forced to abandon after concluding that the RMP 's standards were increasingly at odds with his own moral values .
" For too long I belonged to an organisation that was n't seeking out the truth . "
The turning point for him was a series of suspicious deaths of Iraqi citizens .
One case which came to his attention involved the alleged murder of an Iraqi by a British sergeant .
There was , he claims , evidence to strongly suggest that the Iraqi victim had been shot at point blank range for merely throwing rocks at a British army tank .
Baha Mousa and family .
The hotelier died in custody of British forces .
" A friend of mine who was a senior NCO went to the scene and was ordered not to investigate it as a murder .
He was told that statements should just be taken as if it was a routine incident . "
Some cases involving allegations of murder and abuse , followed by a failure to carry out an adequate investigation , have already come to public attention .
The death of Baha Mousa , an Iraqi hotel receptionist who died in British military custody having allegedly been beaten by soldiers , is currently the subject of a public inquiry .
The terms of reference for another inquiry , into the alleged death in custody of Hamid Al - Sweady , will be announced on Friday .
Abuse is rare
The Ministry of Defence insists that any substantive allegations of abuse brought to its attention will always be investigated and that such cases are relatively rare .
" We must remember that over 100,000 of our personnel served in Iraq and , with the exception of a few individuals , they have performed to the highest standards under extraordinarily testing conditions there , " said an MoD statement responding to the allegations .
Any substantive allegations of abuse brought to our attention will always be investigated and such cases are relatively rare
Ministry of Defence John agrees that the vast majority of British soldiers have served their country with distinction .
However , he believes that serious cases of suspected abuse are far more common than the army is prepared to admit .
" I 've seen documentary evidence that there were incidents , running into the hundreds , involving death and serious injury to Iraqis , " he claims .
" It is the actions of a few who have been shown to be bad apples .
But the system is so flawed and some of the decision making has been so perverse that it is fair to say that the barrel is probably rotten . "
Out of depth
In recent decades , the bulk of military police work has involved dealing with the alleged crimes of soldiers stationed at bases in the UK and Germany .
" Soldiers fighting each other , the odd drink - drive , a bit of theft here and there , " were the staple source of investigations according to John .
Whistleblower ' John ' says the majority of troops serve with distinction
But when troops are deployed to theatres of war and peacekeeping roles abroad , the RMP goes with them .
In the case of Iraq , this meant the RMP suddenly found itself having to investigate alleged war crimes .
" We saw the military police - and the Special Investigation Branch in particular - being massively out of its depth , " says John .
The most serious cases arising out of the British involvement in Iraq have , according to John , been characterised by RMP " blunders , mistakes , ineptitude and the course of investigations being bent to serve the real or perceived interests of the chain of command of the army " rather than the interests of justice .
Toe the line A lack of resources , he claims , is partly to blame .
But , he believes , there are also serious structural flaws in the army justice system .
Senior officers in the mainstream army have to be informed when the RMP mounts any investigation into serious allegations .
LISTEN TO THE FULL REPORT Donal MacIntyre , 5 live , Sunday , 11 October at 1900 BST Subscribe to the Podcast Email the programme donal@bbc.co.uk
This , says John , gives the army hierarchy the opportunity to interfere or to make life difficult for the investigators by , for example , refusing to provide transport to the scene of an alleged crime .
" There is a common misconception that the Royal Military Police are in some way independent of the army .
In fact they are very , very closely wrapped into the chain of command and that is why so many things go wrong . "
The dark picture John paints of a military police force infected by a culture of ineptitude and cover - up was dramatically reinforced last week when three high court judges accused the RMP 's second in command , Colonel Dudley Giles , of being " a most unsatisfactory witness " .
In a damning judgment concerning the RMP 's failure to disclose documents relating to the alleged murder of Hamid Al - Sweady , the judges concluded that Colonel Giles " lacked the necessary objectivity , proficiency and reliability " expected of an official government witness .
The motto of the Royal Military Police is " By example , shall we lead " .
But with the trustworthiness of one of the force 's most senior officers now in doubt , the RMP will be under more pressure than ever to set a higher standard .
You can hear the full report on the Donal MacIntyre programme on 5 live on Sunday , 11 October , 2009 at 1930 BST .
Download the free podcast .
You can can contact the programme by emailing donal@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Parents ’ should supply alcohol ’
Published by Waleed Fakhroo on October 8 , 2009
Parents could help keep their teenagers away from drink - fuelled violence and sex by giving them a weekly alcohol allowance , a study has suggested .
A third of those polled had experienced violence when drunk and 12.5 % reported sexual encounters they regretted .
University researchers questioned nearly 10,000 15 to 16 - year - olds in the north - west of England .
They got into trouble more when buying their own cheap alcohol , rather than getting access from parents , it found .
Carefully introducing alcohol to children may help them “ prepare themselves for life in an adult environment dominated by this drug ” , said the study .
‘ Increase prices ’
Study leader Professor Mark Bellis , from Liverpool John Moores University , said the negative impacts of alcohol on children ’s health were “ substantial ” .
“ Those parents who choose to allow children aged 15 to 16 years to drink may limit harm by restricting consumption to lower frequencies – for example , to no more than once a week – and under no circumstances permitting binge drinking .
“ However , parental efforts should be matched by genuine legislative and enforcement activity to reduce independent access to alcohol by children and to increase the price of cheap alcohol products . ”
Despite much of the chronic burden of alcohol - related disease falling on adults , the foundations of such damage are often established in childhood Study researchers
In similar studies done by the university in 2006 and 2007 researchers concluded that teenagers who drank alcohol with their parents in moderation were less likely to binge drink .
In 2008 their results showed that teenagers were drinking an average of 44 bottles of wine or 177 pints of beer a year each .
This year ’s survey found that teenagers who relied on obtaining their own supplies of cheap alcohol were much more likely to be involved in violence and other forms of bad behaviour .
As well as those reporting violence and sexual encounters they regretted , some 35.8 % of the teenagers had drunk in public places like parks and shopping centres and 45.3 % had suffered forgetfulness after drinking .
Researchers said that while no teenage drinking was risk - free , the way teenagers got hold of alcohol made a big difference to the harm caused .
Just under 20 % of teens who drank once a week and were supplied with alcohol by their parents had been involved in violence when drunk .
The proportion getting into fights rose to 36 % for those drinking as often , after obtaining alcohol by other means .
International threat
A strong link was found between the availability of cheap drinks and alcohol - related violence , “ regretted ” sex , and drinking in public places .
Large bottles of cheap cider were particularly associated with drinking in public , while relatively expensive alcopop - style drinks were less of a significant problem , said researchers .
Writing in the journal BMC Public Health , they warned that parents who tried to impose alcohol bans might only shift the problem away from the family into the street .
They added : “ Our results suggest that such a move , even if overall consumption did not increase , could exacerbate negative outcomes from alcohol consumption among teenagers . ”
“ Despite much of the chronic burden of alcohol - related disease falling on adults , the foundations of such damage are often established in childhood , ” they added .
In their paper the scientists said alcohol had emerged in recent decades as “ one of the major international threats to public health ” .
We at IndieGameReviewer.com are very excited to be covering the IndieCade independent games festival and conference in Culver City , California this weekend of October 1st - 4th , 2009 .
At this evening ’s opening party , hosted by Richard Lemarchand – lead designer for Uncharted 2 – we will be introduced to this year ’s independent game finalists and their respective developers that include such now “ household titles ” as Cogs , Osmos , The Path and XBLA hit The Maw .
The full list of nominated finalists for 2009 are as follows :
Not that some of the above link to a YouTube video .
C’mon dudes and dudesses – you can make an award nominated indie game , we ’re sure you can build a website to go with it .
Nonetheless , the vids are cool .
We look forward to bringing you news , interviews and the future of independent games over the course of this much - cooler - temperature weekend from beautiful Culver City , California .
You should follow our Tweets from the event in realtime @IndieGameReview
Text size
Someone was being naughty this morning .
IMAX ( IMAX ) today issued a short announcement to say that a " false press release " this morning said the company was being acquired by Disney ( DIS ) .
" The Company has not been acquired , nor is it in discussions with The Walt Disney Company about a potential acquisition , " IMAX said .
You can find the fake news here , here and here .
The fake release is not very convincing ; someone apparently cut-and - pasted some new paragraphs into the release announcing Disney 's acquisition of Marvel .
The fake release includes chunks of the Marvel release , with a few insertions about IMAX .
It also includes this sentence :
If you can get in at a good price tomorrow morning at the open , it maybe something to ask the advise of your broker on .
Nicely written sentence , do n't you think ?
IMAX shares actually moved up as much as 6 % on the fake news in pre-market trading ; the stock now is up 4 cents at $ 9.47 .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Money and politics are often equated as the fuel and engine of American democracy , but thanks to the Supreme Court , century - old government speed bumps on the campaign speech superhighway may soon be a thing of the past .
The campaign finance case before the court stems from a film critical of then - presidential candidate Hillary Clinton .
Those are the monumental stakes when the justices return early from its summer recess Wednesday to re-hear a case which could radically alter the election calculus for corporations , unions , advocacy groups , and individuals seeking a voice in the crowded national political debate .
The court will hold a rare special session , which also marks the debut of Justice Sonia Sotomayor .
At issue is whether prior rulings limiting corporate spending on federal elections should be overturned .
The justices could decide to erase the subtle but important distinction between corporate donors -- which are subject to regulation -- and individual donors , who largely are not .
The potential to upset a long - standing , if shaky , balance over regulating political speech has created a frenzy of cockeyed alliances among groups normally at odds , and spawned nearly four dozen legal briefs .
" It 's about money , " said Lawrence Noble , former general counsel of the Federal Election Commission and a national expert on campaign spending .
" It 's about free speech and it's about the ability of corporations to influence elections through the direct use of their Treasury money . "
Blame Hillary
The sudden reappearance of campaign finance reform as a major constitutional and political issue can be traced to a documentary on Hillary Clinton .
Produced last year by the conservative Citizens United , " Hillary : The Movie " was a scorching attack on the one - time presidential candidate .
The filmmakers wanted to promote it during the heat of the 2008 primary season , but a federal court blocked any ads , as well as airings on cable television 's video - on - demand .
At the time of the 90 - minute movie 's premiere , Clinton was locked in a tough primary fight with Barack Obama for the Democratic presidential nomination , but her candidacy failed before the feature was widely shown or had any real impact on the race .
The film later appeared in several theaters , and was released on DVD and the Internet -- outlets that were not subject to federal regulation .
On its Web site , Citizens United promoted its film as featuring 40 interviews -- a " cast to end all casts " -- and promised if " you want to hear about the Clinton scandals of the past and present , you have it here !
' Hillary : The Movie ' is the first and last word in what the Clintons want America to forget ! "
The group , a Washington - based nonprofit corporation and advocacy organization , balked at campaign finance rules that would have required disclosure of its financial backers , and restrictions on when the film could air .
It was financed with a mix of corporate and individual donations .
A special three - judge U.S. District Court panel had earlier rejected the group 's arguments the documentary was more akin to news or information programs like PBS ' " Nova " or CBS ' " 60 Minutes . "
Section 203 of the comprehensive 2002 McCain - Feingold law bans the broadcast of " electioneering communication " by corporations , unions and advocacy groups if such a broadcast would be aired close to election dates , and would identify candidates by name or image .
The law also requires an on - screen notice of the groups financing such ads , as well as public disclosure of all donors to the sponsoring organizations .
Lawyers representing the FEC urged the justices to subject the ads to the disclosure law , arguing that without it , voters would be " unable to know who 's funding the ads . "
The Supreme Court initially heard the case in March over how to find balance between , on one hand , Congress ' expressed desire to control the power of well - financed private groups to spread their political messages and , on the other , concerns over the First Amendment 's guarantee of free speech .
The court apparently could not reach a conclusion now on whether independent groups are subject to the same federal oversight as political committees .
" I 've seen this movie , " Justice Stephen Breyer wryly noted at the time .
" It 's not a musical comedy . "
Re-arguments were ordered , and the scope of the case has now expanded significantly , over whether important precedents banning direct corporate spending in campaigns should be re-examined .
What the court will do
In its most narrow scenario , the five - member conservative majority on the high court appears poised to give the Hillary moviemakers a victory .
But that could only be the intermission to a far broader free speech opinion that would benefit other outside groups with a political message they are itching to promote .
During oral arguments in March , questions on the video itself were treated only as the " Coming Attractions " warm - up to larger , substantive discussions on whether federal laws should be scrapped .
A government lawyer defending the FEC flatly declared the government could ban books and Internet expression when those works support or oppose federal candidates in an election year .
Although purely hypothetical since no such law exists , the remarks produced murmurs in the courtroom and skepticism from the bench .
" That 's pretty incredible , " said Justice Samuel Alito , whose vote could prove crucial in the case .
" You think that if a book was published , a campaign biography that was the functional equivalent of express advocacy , that could be banned ? "
Chief Justice John Roberts too could be a deciding factor over how narrowly or broadly to toss aside existing regulations .
As for Sotomayor , her record on federal campaign spending is scant , but she is expected to follow in the footsteps of her predecessor .
The retired David Souter had consistently backed congressional efforts at spending reform .
The Hillary movie case could launch a range of as - yet unanswered questions about political speech and government regulation .
Since the filmmakers argued their work was information , not political advocacy , should the government place itself as the ultimate arbiter of what is " news " ?
Some media groups say no .
" ' Hillary : The Movie does not differ , in any relevant respect , from the critiques of presidential candidates produced throughout the entirety of American history , " said the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press , in a brief to the high court .
And can distinctions be drawn over regulating quickie 30 - second or one - minute " attack ads , " and a 90 - minute documentary that could be viewed as an ideological " infomercial " ?
" McCain - Feingold clearly has an impact on every candidate and everyone that raises or spends campaign dollars , " said Edward Lazarus , author of " Closed Chambers , " an inside look at the Supreme Court .
" And the court has mediated that line between trying to allow Congress to protect against electoral corruption , but at the same time , protect the right of expression of corporations and individuals . "
Mind - numbing complexity and bland characters will keep this case from being adapted as a summer blockbuster movie at a theater near you , but its outcome may be keenly felt in future presidential and congressional elections .
Whether it produces a happy ending may depend on whether you think election reform deserves a big thumbs up -- or a thumbs down .
Either way , the nine justices will be the ultimate critics .
Movie excerpts and the ads can be viewed online at http://www.hillarythemovie.com/.
The case is Citizens United v. FEC ( 08-205 ) .
All About Federal Election Commission • U.S. Supreme Court
Estate planning , long - term care planning , estate administration and guardianships can present a multitude of challenges to individuals and families with tough choices to make .
Everyone wants to protect family , preserve wealth and prevent problems , but it can be difficult to know exactly how to do those things .
Our two - attorney firm , with offices in Cherry Hill and Linwood , New Jersey , has been a leader in elder law for over 25 years .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
To power a very small device like a pacemaker or a transistor , you need an even smaller generator .
The components that operate the generator are smaller yet , and the efficiency of those foundational components is critical to the performance of the overall device .
For his Ph.D. at the Georgia Institute of Technology , University of Wisconsin - Madison materials science and engineering assistant professor Xudong Wang was part of a team that developed a piezoelectric nanogenerator and experimented with a variety of materials to power it .
The team found that zinc oxide nanowires , which have six - sided , column - like crystals , could produce 10 nanowatts per square centimeter by converting mechanical energy into electricity .
The mechanical energy could come from environmental sources as varied as wind , car engines , human breathing , blood flow , body movements , or acoustic and ultrasonic vibrations .
While the advance was exciting , the zinc oxide nanowires had a low efficiency rate , and now at UW - Madison , Wang is tackling this challenge by researching a new material that could make the nanogenerator more efficient and powerful .
An optimized nanogenerator could power small devices with a wide range of applications , such as LEDs , MEMS , transistors and biomedical devices such as pacemakers , robots , sensors or sensor diodes .
Wang is developing ferroelectric materials that could produce nanowires with 10 times the electric potential of the original zinc oxide ones .
The increase occurs because the crystal of a ferroelectric material is made of spatially unbalanced atoms that produce automatic , permanent polarization in the material .
When Wang introduces strain inside this unbalanced crystal , the polarization is enhanced , creating a significant amount of electric potential .
Very little mechanical energy would be needed to power the new nanogenerator because even a small amount of displacement has a larger effect on nanoscale materials than regular materials — a theory Wang intends to prove in his lab .
One challenge is fabricating the ferroelectric nanowires , which is a more complicated process than fabricating zinc oxide nanowires .
To grow the ferroelectric nanowires , Wang uses a molten salt process .
Molten sodium chloride acts as the reaction medium to assist the nanowires in self - assembling from precursors at around 1,500 degrees Fahrenheit .
Each nanowire is 10,000 times smaller than a single human hair .
" We are currently investigating how much potential can be generated by such nanowires when they are deflected using atomic force microscopy , " Wang says .
Wang 's ultimate goal is to make a real nanogenerator capable of powering a variety of small devices .
Since the generator would require such a small amount of power from sources that are continuously providing energy , it could serve essentially as an eternal battery .
Provided by University of Wisconsin- Madison ( news : web )
Explore further Nanogenerator provides continuous power by harvesting energy from the environment
by Ben Cohen
It would probably be wise to listen to Joseph Stiglitz , given he predicted the economic crash in the first place :
Among President Obama 's attempts to pass far - reaching liberal legislation this year , his signature plan to overhaul the way students receive college loans has probably received the least attention .
Yet , right now , it 's arguably the issue on which Obama is closest to achieving an unvarnished success .
Last month , taking cues from Obama , the House of Representatives passed the Student Aid and Fiscal Responsibility Act , which would alter the way the government funds Pell Grants and other student loans .
Under the current system , the government gives banks huge subsidies to encourage them to lend to students .
Effectively , this means the government is bribing banks to extend student loans by handing them money and letting them cream huge profits off the top .
It is a vast waste of taxpayer money , since Uncle Sam could accomplish exactly the same thing by cutting out the middleman and lending directly to students .
Now , after decades of congressional opposition , the House bill would eliminate banks ' involvement :
By next summer , federal loans would go directly from the government to students .
The plan would save a gross $ 87 billion over ten years - - $ 40 billion of which would be used to expand Pell Grants and permanently index them to the cost of inflation ( plus 1 percentage point ) , and another $ 10 billion of which would be used for deficit reduction .
The next hurdle is the Senate , where Tom Harkin 's HELP Committee plans to introduce a student loan bill as soon as it's cleared some * ahem * backlog on health care reform .
It looks as if Harkin 's committee will introduce a bill that , like the House version , hews very closely to President Obama 's proposals as well .
And , since the bill is moving through the notorious budget reconciliation process instead of the normal legislative track -- a decision made by Obama 's allies who want to increase the likelihood of passage -- it will pass through no other committees , save the quiescent Budget Committee , and it will not face the threat of a filibuster .
Game over ?
Not quite .
In a testament to the sway that student lenders exercise over the Senate , it 's not clear that Democrats have the 51 votes necessary to pass the bill in its current form .
Ben Nelson , the staunch friend of lending companies , is against it -- as are Blanche Lincoln , Mark Begich , Jeff Bingaman , and Tom Udall .
And Senators Bob Casey , Arlen Specter , Bill Nelson , Mark Warner , Jim Webb , and Mary Landrieu are all said to be wavering because their states contain student loan companies .
Many are searching for a way to keep lending companies involved in the process -- an anguished Senator Casey even held a field congressional hearing in Philadephia this week , hoping to clarify his thoughts on the issue -- and they 'll be tempted to back some of the numerous pro-lender amendments that will be offered once the bill is open for floor debate .
( Even in the House , Democrats could n't prevent a mass revolt until they watered down the legislation by exempting existing state - based non-profit lenders from subsidy cuts . )
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - The U.S. dollar fell to its lowest in nearly eight months against the yen on Monday , as investors unwound short yen positions and the likelihood of Japanese intervention receded .
A woman exchanges money at a money exchange at Haneda airport in Tokyo September 15 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Yuriko Nakao
The dollar fell to as low as 88.45 yen , its weakest since January 27 , when it dropped to 88.41 yen .
Japanese Finance Minister Hirohisa Fujii ’s comments the new government would not pursue a weak yen policy were also helping the yen .
Fujii said he was opposed to deliberately weakening the yen or any other currency in a meeting with U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
“ Continued speculation that they will not intervene has led to capitulation of short - yen positions , led by the sterling / yen cross , ” said Sue Trinh , senior currency strategist at RBC Capital Markets .
Japan has intervened in the currency market in the past to weaken the yen as this helped keep its competitive advantage in global trade .
Analysts say the latest comments could see the yen rise past 87.10 yen , this year ’s high .
Large margin calls on the pound / yen longs have also been behind the yen buying .
The pound fell sharply to $ 1.5823 , its lowest since June 8 .
Support for sterling was seen at around $ 1.5800 .
The pound has been under pressure after Bank of England Governor Mervyn King said last week that a weak pound would help exports and the UK economy .
Latest data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission showed net short positions in the pound more than doubled to 31,595 contracts in the week to September 22 from 12,487 a week earlier .
Long positions on the yen rose to a net 45,615 contracts from 37,107 .
< IMM /FX >.
The euro edged higher against the U.S. dollar , helped by encouraging data showing U.S. consumer sentiment hit its highest level this month since January 2008 .
[ ID:nN25501082 ] .
The euro rose to $ 1.4717 from $ 1.4683 late on Friday in New York .
The Australian dollar edged up to $ 0.8670 .
The market for prescription drugs and medical devices to manage Type 2 diabetes , which the Centers for Disease Control estimates will afflict one in three Americans born after 2000 , is one of the brighter spots in the American economy .
As things stand , the health care industry finds it more profitable to treat chronic diseases than to prevent them .
There ’s more money in amputating the limbs of diabetics than in counseling them on diet and exercise .
Image Credit ... Brian Rea
As for the insurers , you would think preventing chronic diseases would be good business , but , at least under the current rules , it ’s much better business simply to keep patients at risk for chronic disease out of your pool of customers , whether through lifetime caps on coverage or rules against pre-existing conditions or by figuring out ways to toss patients overboard when they become ill .
But these rules may well be about to change  and , when it comes to reforming the American diet and food system , that step alone could be a game changer .
Even under the weaker versions of health care reform now on offer , health insurers would be required to take everyone at the same rates , provide a standard level of coverage and keep people on their rolls regardless of their health .
Terms like “ pre-existing conditions ” and “ underwriting ” would vanish from the health insurance rulebook  and , when they do , the relationship between the health insurance industry and the food industry will undergo a sea change .
The moment these new rules take effect , health insurance companies will promptly discover they have a powerful interest in reducing rates of obesity and chronic diseases linked to diet .
A patient with Type 2 diabetes incurs additional health care costs of more than $ 6,600 a year ; over a lifetime , that can come to more than $ 400,000 .
Insurers will quickly figure out that every case of Type 2 diabetes they can prevent adds $ 400,000 to their bottom line .
Suddenly , every can of soda or Happy Meal or chicken nugget on a school lunch menu will look like a threat to future profits .
When health insurers can no longer evade much of the cost of treating the collateral damage of the American diet , the movement to reform the food system  everything from farm policy to food marketing and school lunches  will acquire a powerful and wealthy ally , something it has n’t really ever had before .
AGRIBUSINESS dominates the agriculture committees of Congress , and has swatted away most efforts at reform .
But what happens when the health insurance industry realizes that our system of farm subsidies makes junk food cheap , and fresh produce dear , and thus contributes to obesity and Type 2 diabetes ?
It will promptly get involved in the fight over the farm bill  which is to say , the industry will begin buying seats on those agriculture committees and demanding that the next bill be written with the interests of the public health more firmly in mind .
Holy Steve Ballmer .
This set of Launch Party videos are incredible for its nostalgia sake .
No , they 're not old videos ; I just thought the whole advertising industry moved past fake setups like this back in the '90s .
Advertisement
Give it a watch and see .
My god .
They 're talking about having a party for Windows 7 .
And the cast ?
It looks like a guy , his mom , his sister , and his sister 's rebellious college fling that turned into a long term relationship .
But seriously .
You know how you 're watching something that 's so surprising that you can't believe what you 're seeing that you literally have nothing to add to the visuals ?
This is it .
It 's like if you took a man from the 1400s and showed him a plasma TV .
Advertisement
If you want to kill another 3 hours at work today , there 's a whole series of these videos about Windows 7 .
[ YouTube - Thanks Adam and Kevin ! ]
&amp ;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;mce:script language = " JavaScript " type = " text / javascript " &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp ;amp ; amp;lt ;!-- document. write ( ' &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp;lt ; a href= " http://clk.atdmt.com/NYC/go/152905242/direct/01/ " mce_href= " http://clk.atdmt.com/NYC/go/152905242/direct/01/ " target = " _blank " &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ;img src= "
http://view.atdmt.com/NYC/view/152905242/direct/01/ " mce_src= " http://view.atdmt.com/NYC/view/152905242/direct/01/ "/&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp ;amp;gt ; ' ) ; // --&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/mce:script&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp ; amp;lt ; noscript&amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp;lt ; a href= " http://clk.atdmt.com/NYC/go/152905242/direct/01/ " mce_href= " http://clk.atdmt.com/NYC/go/152905242/direct/01/ " target = " _blank " &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp;lt ;img border= " 0 " src= "
http://view.atdmt.com/NYC/view/152905242/direct/01/ " mce_src= " http://view.atdmt.com/NYC/view/152905242/direct/01/ " /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/noscript&amp;amp;amp;amp ;amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; Sponsored by :
What 's it like to watch an acquirer disintegrate your company after you built it from the ground up ?
Marc Andreessen , founder of Netscape , recalls what he felt like when AOL bought Netscape as a strategic move -- only to have it disintegrate .
And then there 's that most - critical of entrepreneurial talents : Adaptation .
After selling Netscape , Marc 's started another company , Loudcloud , which went public right before the dotcom bust .
After a brief period of meteoric growth , Loudcloud itself almost went bust , as its customers either went out of business or decided the Internet was a fad .
Instead of giving up , however , Marc and his partner Ben Horowitz transformed the company .
Renamed Opsware , it survived and was later acquired by Hewlett - Packard .
We interviewed Marc Andreessen as part of our video series on Innovation , sponsored by Mercedes - Benz .
Here are three more clips from the interview :
Or click on the thumbnails below :
See Andreessen's Full Interview : HERE >
Produced by Bright Red Pixels .
Disclosure : Marc Andreessen is an investor in The Business Insider .
Do you pine for a simpler time when web pages loaded in under one second ?
Chicago
Boss is the answer to slow server software : a Rails - like framework for Erlang that delivers web pages to your users as quickly and efficiently as possible .
Reddit Email 14 Shares
Thursday is a fateful day for the world , as the US , other members of the United Nations Security Council , and Germany meet in Geneva with Iran in a bid to resolve outstanding issues .
Although Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had earlier attempted to put the nuclear issue off the bargaining table , this rhetorical flourish was a mere opening gambit and nuclear issues will certainly dominate the talks .
As Henry Kissinger pointed out , these talks are just beginning and there are highly unlikely to be any breakthroughs for a very long time .
Diplomacy is a marathon , not a sprint .
But on this occasion , I thought I ’d take the opportunity to list some things that people tend to think they know about Iran , but for which the evidence is shaky .
Belief : Iran is aggressive and has threatened to attack Israel , its neighbors or the US
Reality : Iran has not launched an aggressive war in modern history ( unlike the US or Israel ) , and its leaders have a doctrine of “ no first strike . ”
This is true of Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei , as well as of Revolutionary Guards commanders .
Belief : Iran is a militarized society bristling with dangerous weapons and a growing threat to world peace .
Reality : Iran ’s military budget is a little over $ 6 billion annually .
Sweden , Singapore and Greece all have larger military budgets .
Moreover , Iran is a country of 70 million , so that its per capita spending on defense is tiny compared to these others , since they are much smaller countries with regard to population .
Iran spends less per capita on its military than any other country in the Persian Gulf region with the exception of the United Arab Emirates .
Belief : Iran has threatened to attack Israel militarily and to “ wipe it off the map . ”
Reality : No Iranian leader in the executive has threatened an aggressive act of war on Israel , since this would contradict the doctrine of ‘ no first strike ’ to which the country has adhered .
The Iranian president has explicitly said that Iran is not a threat to any country , including Israel .
Belief :
But did n’t President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad threaten to ‘ wipe Israel off the map ? ’
Reality : President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad did quote Ayatollah Khomeini to the effect that “ this Occupation regime over Jerusalem must vanish from the page of time ” ( in rezhim- e eshghalgar - i Qods bayad as safheh - e ruzgar mahv shavad ) .
This was not a pledge to roll tanks and invade or to launch missiles , however .
It is the expression of a hope that the regime will collapse , just as the Soviet Union did .
It is not a threat to kill anyone at all .
Belief : But are n’t Iranians Holocaust deniers ?
Actuality : Some are , some are n’t .
Former president Mohammad Khatami has castigated Ahmadinejad for questioning the full extent of the Holocaust , which he called “ the crime of Nazism . ”
Many educated Iranians in the regime are perfectly aware of the horrors of the Holocaust .
In any case , despite what propagandists imply , neither Holocaust denial ( as wicked as that is ) nor calling Israel names is the same thing as pledging to attack it militarily .
Belief : Iran is like North Korea in having an active nuclear weapons program , and is the same sort of threat to the world .
Actuality : Iran has a nuclear enrichment site at Natanz near Isfahan where it says it is trying to produce fuel for future civilian nuclear reactors to generate electricity .
All Iranian leaders deny that this site is for weapons production , and the International Atomic Energy Agency has repeatedly inspected it and found no weapons program .
Iran is not being completely transparent , generating some doubts , but all the evidence the IAEA and the CIA can gather points to there not being a weapons program .
The 2007 National Intelligence Estimate by 16 US intelligence agencies , including the CIA and the Defense Intelligence Agency , assessed with fair confidence that Iran has no nuclear weapons research program .
This assessment was based on debriefings of defecting nuclear scientists , as well as on the documents they brought out , in addition to US signals intelligence from Iran .
While Germany , Israel and recently the UK intelligence is more suspicious of Iranian intentions , all of them were badly wrong about Iraq ’s alleged Weapons of Mass Destruction and Germany in particular was taken in by Curveball , a drunk Iraqi braggart .
Belief :
The West recently discovered a secret Iranian nuclear weapons plant in a mountain near Qom .
Actuality : Iran announced Monday a week ago to the International Atomic Energy Agency that it had begun work on a second , civilian nuclear enrichment facility near Qom .
There are no nuclear materials at the site and it has not gone hot , so technically Iran is not in violation of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , though it did break its word to the IAEA that it would immediately inform the UN of any work on a new facility .
Iran has pledged to allow the site to be inspected regularly by the IAEA , and if it honors the pledge , as it largely has at the Natanz plant , then Iran cannot produce nuclear weapons at the site , since that would be detected by the inspectors .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton admitted on Sunday that Iran could not produce nuclear weapons at Natanz precisely because it is being inspected .
Yet American hawks have repeatedly demanded a strike on Natanz .
Belief :
The world should sanction Iran not only because of its nuclear enrichment research program but also because the current regime stole June ’s presidential election and brutally repressed the subsequent demonstrations .
Actuality : Iran ’s reform movement is dead set against increased sanctions on Iran , which likely would not affect the regime , and would harm ordinary Iranians .
Belief :
Is n’t the Iranian regime irrational and crazed , so that a doctrine of mutally assured destruction just would not work with them ?
Actuality : Iranian politicians are rational actors .
If they were madmen , why have n’t they invaded any of their neighbors ?
Saddam Hussein of Iraq invaded both Iran and Kuwait .
Israel invaded its neighbors more than once .
In contrast , Iran has not started any wars .
Demonizing people by calling them unbalanced is an old propaganda trick .
The US elite was once unalterably opposed to China having nuclear science because they believed the Chinese are intrinsically irrational .
This kind of talk is a form of racism .
Belief :
The international community would not have put sanctions on Iran , and would not be so worried , if it were not a gathering nuclear threat .
Actuality :
The centrifuge technology that Iran is using to enrich uranium is open - ended .
In the old days , you could tell which countries might want a nuclear bomb by whether they were building light water reactors ( unsuitable for bomb - making ) or heavy - water reactors ( could be used to make a bomb ) .
But with centrifuges , once you can enrich to 5 % to fuel a civilian reactor , you could theoretically feed the material back through many times and enrich to 90 % for a bomb .
However , as long as centrifuge plants are being actively inspected , they can not be used to make a bomb .
The two danger signals would be if Iran threw out the inspectors or if it found a way to create a secret facility .
The latter task would be extremely difficult , however , as demonstrated by the CIA ’s discovery of the Qom facility construction in 2006 from satellite photos .
Nuclear installations , especially centrifuge ones , consume a great deal of water , construction materiel , and so forth , so that constructing one in secret is a tall order .
In any case , you ca n’t attack and destroy a country because you have an intuition that they might be doing something illegal .
You need some kind of proof .
Moreover , Israel , Pakistan and India are all much worse citizens of the globe than Iran , since they refused to sign the NPT and then went for broke to get a bomb ; and nothing at all has been done to any of them by the UNSC .
End / ( Not Continued )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Intelligence activities across the U.S. government and military cost a total of $ 75 billion a year , the nation ’s top intelligence official disclosed on Tuesday , revealing publicly for the first time an overall number long shrouded in secrecy .
Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair on Capitol Hill , January 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
The disclosure by Dennis Blair , President Barack Obama ’s director of national intelligence , put a spotlight on the sharp growth in intelligence spending as well as on the huge and long obscured role of military intelligence programs , which , based on previous disclosures , would account for roughly $ 25 billion to $ 30 billion of the $ 75 billion total .
In comparison , when total intelligence spending was accidentally published in a congressional document in 1994 , it totaled about $ 26 billion , including $ 10 billion for military intelligence programs , according to Steven Aftergood , an expert on intelligence spending with the Federation of American Scientists ’ Project on Government Secrecy .
Blair cited the $ 75 billion figure in releasing a four - year strategic blueprint for the sprawling , 200,000 - person intelligence community .
In a conference call with reporters , Blair brushed aside as “ no longer relevant ” what he called the “ traditional fault line ” separating military programs from overall intelligence spending .
Blair ’s national intelligence post came into being in 2005 to oversee spy agencies after they failed to prevent the September 11 , 2001 attacks and wrongly concluded that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction .
In an unclassified version of Blair ’s blueprint , intelligence agencies singled out as threats Iran ’s nuclear program , North Korea ’s “ erratic behavior , ” and insurgencies fueled by militant groups including al Qaeda .
Blair said the “ accumulation of knowledge ” about al Qaeda has made the U.S. intelligence community more effective at preventing attacks .
The intelligence assessment also pointed to growing challenges from China ’s military modernization and natural resource - driven diplomacy .
Blair cited Beijing ’s “ aggressive ” push into areas that could threaten U.S. cyber -security .
‘ IT ’S ABOUT TIME ’
The $ 75 billion figure incorporated spending by the nation ’s 16 intelligence agencies , referred to collectively as the national intelligence program ( NIP ) , as well as amounts spent by the Pentagon on so - called military intelligence program ( MIP ) activities in support of troops in the field in Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere , officials said .
Under pressure from Congress and advocacy groups , the U.S. government has taken some steps in recent years to open its books on some intelligence spending .
The Bush administration , for example , disclosed the amount spent by the 16 intelligence agencies under the NIP -- $ 47.5 billion in 2008 alone -- but those figures did not incorporate the military intelligence program , officials said .
Aftergood said there was “ no good reason ” to keep information about those military programs secret .
“ Its disclosure does not reveal any sensitive sources , methods or operations , ” he said , adding that Blair ’s disclosure “ suggests that a more rational approach to intelligence secrecy may be around the corner .
And it ’s about time . ”
Another one of those colorful epigrammatic statements from Steve Jobs , meant to inspire and motivate a development team to fully complete an ambitious project , especially once the “ train has left the station ” : designs are largely decided , prototypes rapidly being built and approved , and back - end programming has begun , signalling that “ This is for real , folks ! ” , no longer some design concept or skunkwork exercise .
The implication : decisions gotta be called and owned up to , tradeoffs made , and just drive towards making this real for the customers .
A little googling about this reveals the broader context for this particular slogan– shipping the first release of the Macintosh computer , which at the time was way over - schedule , etc. etc .
Below is a quotation from Steven Levy ’s chronicle of the first Mac , titled Insanely Great , explaining the slogan :
The place for links to nurseries specializing in dogwoods , and online resources with Cornus info - by wcutler
The 255 Sri Lankan asylum seekers aboard a boat in western Java have unfurled a large banner declaring a hunger strike .
The ethnic Tamils are refusing to leave their wooden boat in Merak Harbour , after being intercepted at sea at the weekend on their way to Australia .
Speaking from the boat via mobile phone , the spokesman who calls himself ' Alex ' says that the hunger strike excludes anyone aged under 21 .
" The only reason we came to the conclusion of a hunger strike is any other demonstration of violence will only give a bad image on us , and we want the world to know that we 're not bad people , we are good people , " he said .
" We will hunger strike until death , we will hand our children over to die and we will hunger strike until death . "
The hunger strike was called after Indonesian authorities began surveying local options to accommodate the asylum seekers in hotels and guest houses , because detention centres are too full .
' Alex ' was led away to inspect the accomodation but others on the boat were apparently worried that his actions may send the wrong signal .
' Alex ' then returned to the boat , and after a debate he helped unfurl the hunger strike banner .
" We have got some information to say that the navy is about to try to get us off the boat because no country is about to take us and they want to try to get us to land , " he said .
" So we decided on the strike to let the whole world know that we need their assistance as soon as possible .
We need somebody to consider our case . "
The words life and death are written in the banner 's corner alongside a question mark .
The group wants to be immediately accepted as refugees into a third country and does not want to enter the United Nations system , in which claims can take up to 10 years to process .
The asylum seekers ' boat was intercepted by Indonesian authorities after Prime Minister Kevin Rudd personally spoke to President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono .
Australia says responsibility for the group of asylum seekers now rests with Indonesian immigration officials .
Banten Province 's immigration chief , Dr Harry Purwanto , has rejected suggestions the Sri Lankans will be moved to Indonesian detention centres .
He says the centres are too full and authorities are instead scouting local hotels and guest houses as possible places to house the asylum seekers .
Indonesian officials say the Sri Lankans will not be forced to come ashore and there is no time limit on their decision .
However , immigration officials suggest negotiations may take one to three days ; the navy says not more than a week .
Limited places
But the United Nations says it is possible the group of asylum seekers will end up in Australia .
The regional spokesman for the UN's Refugee Agency , Richard Towle , says his staff in Indonesia will deal with anyone who wants to claim asylum .
But he says there could be delays because the number of places available for refugee resettlement are limited .
" They could end up in Australia and that again is not a new phenomenon .
Australia takes recognised refugees from Indonesia on a regular basis and has a generous tradition of doing that , " he said .
" The number of available places internationally to resettle refugees is quite limited .
" The key states that offer resettlement places globally have only limited capacity to take refugees and that 's where we often get the delays .
It 's not in the UNHCR processing side , it 's in finding states that are willing to accept cases on a resettlement basis . "
The asylum seekers are clearly desperate .
On Wednesday night members of the group made a direct plea to Mr Rudd for help , telling reporters they were fleeing " genocide " in Sri Lanka and feared being killed if they were returned to the country .
It is possible they are talking to people via mobile phones and gathering information about some of the media reaction from Australia .
The asylum seekers keep repeating to the media that they are not terrorists .
In stark contrast to their threat to blow themselves up on the boat earlier this week , they are now trying to deliver a softer line , saying that they want international assistance .
Chaparral vs. Cancer
( Natural News )
If you search for natural cancer remedies , you 'll eventually find information about -- a powerful healing herb that grows in the desert regions of the American Southwest ( among other places ) .
( In fact , where I used to live in Tucson , chaparral just grows wild all over the place The chaparral plants just seem endless ... )
But it 's not just good against cancer : Chaparral is also a powerful anti-bacterial and anti-viral medicine .
In the paragraphs below , you 'll find an amazing collection of supporting quotes about chaparral 's anti-cancer properties from some of the best natural health authors in the industry .
Read and enjoy this unique compilation of evidence that supports the natural medicinal properties of this traditional Native American herb .
Chaparral [ Larrea tridentata ) , also known as creosote bush , has been used by Native Americans to treat a variety of illnesses , including cancer .
Chaparral contains an ingredient called nor - dihihydroguairetic ( NDGA ) , a potent antitumor agent .
NDGA inhibits aerobic and anaerobic glycolysis ( the energy - producing ability ) of cancer cells .
The flavonoids present in chaparral have strong antiviral and antifungal properties .
More than twenty years ago , a Native American healer from Lava Hot Springs , Idaho , traveled the Rocky Mountain West , successfully treating cancer patients with chaparral as the primary remedy .
Chaparral , extremely bitter , contains NDGA ( nordihydroguaiaretic acid ) , an anticancer substance .
It is also thought to possess more of the antioxidant enzyme SOD than any other plant .
Herbs used widely in South America for cancer , even by medical doctors , are pau d'arco ( Tabevulia ) and Suma ( Pfaffia paniculata ) .
These herbs are less bitter than chaparral , and work by tonifying immunity .
Chaparral contains a potent antioxidant constituent that probably accounts for its observed anticancer action .
Chaparral has been the subject of a few studies that have resulted in both tumor regression and tumor stimulation .
Chaparral has also been used as an antihistamine and as an anti-inflammatory .
Chaparral is toxic to the liver .
It can also cause nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , and stomach pain at high dosages .
The plant is the creosote bush , or chaparral , also known as greasewood , and is a member of the oak family .
All tests on chaparral indicate that it is positively non-toxic and has never shown any side effects on patients and if present research is successful it will offer the first anti-cancer drug .
The Indians have used chaparral herb for many internal body malfunctions as well as for rash and acne - type skin eruptions , for hundreds of years .
Chaparral has antibiotic and antiseptic properties along with immune stimulating substances .
California yew and chaparral teas are also great cancer fighters .
Trifolium ( red clover ) and scrophularia herb formulas are shown to work in fighting cancer .
Carctol , a mixture of eight herbs , is known in Great Britain and India as a completely safe herbal supplement and has up to a 40 % success rate with terminal cancer patients .
There is a variety of some 2.5 million herbs categorized as cytotoxic ( toxic to cancer cells ) .
These herbs date back some 5,000 years .
At least 3,000 of these herbs have anti-cancer properties of some kind .
Evidence shows that some people with certain types of cancer in certain stages of development may benefit from Chaparral , but it is not clear who may benefit , which cancers are most susceptible or at which stage of cancer development the herb is most effective .
One study in rats found that NDGA ( nordihydroguaiaretic acid ) , the purported active principle in Chaparral , produced almost complete inhibition of aerobic and anaerobic glycolysis and respiration in some kinds of cancer cells while normal cells were not affected .
With this in mind , it seems like a good idea to take one chaparral capsule after consuming a Big Mac and french fries in order to offset some of the damage all of those free radicals you 've ingested are capable of doing .
And while chaparral may not hold quite the same promises expected of ginseng for longevity , it can certainly help to slow down the aging process quite a bit from the foods we eat on a daily basis .
The medical doctor most involved with the limited success that chaparral has achieved with some kinds of cancer , is Charles R. Smart , M.D. Certainly chaparral would n't be a good herb to take if a person has a diseased liver .
Nor would it be advisable to take chaparral with alcohol or acetaminophen .
Hopefully , the extract of chaparral will proceed through successful clinical trials and contribute as a meaningful cancer remedy in the near future .
Pure NDGA from chaparral is a topical drug ( Masoprocol ) that is used on the skin and some studies indicate it may be effective as an oral anti-diabetic agent as well .
The chaparral ( Larrea tridentata ) that grows over hundreds of square miles in Arizona and California contains a powerful antioxidant called NDGA ( nordihydroguaiaretic acid ) .
NDGA was used to prevent oxidation from spoiling foods during World War II .
It appears to work against cancer cells by preventing them from " eating " the blood sugar they need to survive - in other words , it starves them to death .
Chaparral also contains polysaccharides , which stimulate the immune system .
Chaparral is generally taken as a tea .
Nordihydroguaiaretic acid ( NDGA ) , a compound found in chaparral , is a powerful antioxidant that helps to prevent the kind of cell damage that can lead to cancer .
It also has an antitumor effect .
Chaparral is used as a mouthwash to prevent cavities .
Benefits of chaparral for specific health conditions include the following : Arthritis and carpal tunnel syndrome .
The major traditional use of chaparral in Mexican herbalism is as a bath or liniment to relieve the inflammation and pain of arthritis , sometimes in combination with osha .
In 1959 , the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) was informed through lay correspondence that several cancer patients claimed beneficial effects on their cancers from drinking chaparral tea .
Years later , a similar treatment was brought to the attention of physicians at the University of Utah , when an 85 - year - old man with a proven malignant melanoma of the right cheek with a large cervical metastasis refused surgery and treated himself with chaparral tea .
Eight months later he returned with marked regression of the tumor .
Dr. Andrew Weil recommends the use of chaparral tea as a douche ( a teaspoon of tincture of chaparral to a quart of warm water ) for the precancerous condition , cervical dysplasia .
In addition one can take beta - carotene and folic acid supplements by mouth .
He gives the following ' recipe ' to prepare the douche : simmer a small handful of leaves or four capsules in a quart of water , covered , for fifteen minutes .
Tea and tincture of chaparral have an extremely strong taste considered disagreeable by most people , which restricts the amount they can tolerate before feeling nauseous .
Capsules bypass this protective mechanism and should therefore be avoided .
Since human studies have shown that large amounts of chaparral tea and injections of NDGA in people with cancer do not cause liver or kidney problems , it is likely the cases of toxicity represented individual reactions .
It is chaparral which is used as a medicinal tea .
Reports of cancer cures surround chaparral , also known as the creosote bush , but so do reports of its toxicity .
Numerous cases of liver toxicity over the years have been well documented .
What is a cancer patient to think ?
The information surrounding this herb is an example of the misinformation surrounding many herbal remedies .
The pro-toxic drug , anti-herbal stance of the FDA is unconscionable .
The FDA has n't banned grapefruit juice ; it just instructs users of drugs to avoid simultaneous consumption of grapefruit with certain drugs .
Chaparral may be unfairly characterized as a liver toxin when it is no more harmful than grapefruit .
This may explain the inconsistent reports of liver toxicity .
A 78 - page report issued by the Institute of Medicine and National Research Council on chaparral in 2004 explains many of the promises and problems associated with chaparral , but it is probably too lengthy a document for cancer patients to wade through .
Reports subsequently appeared in the lay literature describing the virtues of chaparral tea as an antineoplastic treatment .
Nordihy - droguaiaretic acid ( NDGA ) is believed to be responsible for the biological activity of chaparral .
Up until 1967 , when more effective antioxidants were introduced , NDGA was used in the food industry as a food additive to prevent fermentation and decomposition .
It is theorized that any anticancer effect of chaparral tea is caused by the ability of NDGA to block cellular respiration .
Another herb in question is chaparral .
People take it because it contains NDGA ( nordihydroquaiatetic acid ) , a strong antioxidant and anti-cancer agent .
Herb industry surveys show that more than 200 tons were sold in the United States between 1970 and 1990 .
And during this time , there was not a single complaint of side effects arising from the use of this herb .
When two to three cups of chaparral tea or the isolated NDGA were given daily to more than 50 cancer patients , the only side effects were occasional nausea or diarrhea .
Very large doses resulted in lowered blood pressure .
First , for those with colon cancer ( and even prostate or uterine / cervical cancer ) , one of the important things you can do is to use the blood - cleansing teas ( red clover , chaparral , and even bowel herbs covered in this chapter ) as a strong tea in a rectal implant ( an enema with herb tea you retain as long as possible . )
Basically , clean out the colon first with water enemas .
That way , it will be easier to retain the herbal implant .
Wheatgrass is another important rectal implant .
Later on in this lesson , I will give you the herbal formulas everyone needs , especially cancer patients .
Further human trials failed to establish the Chaparral connection .
However , close analysis of those trials revealed gross deficiencies in procedure , and so the effectiveness of the herb remains un - disproven , awaiting further clinical trials .
Animal studies , meanwhile , strongly suggest that Chaparral or its main constituent , NDGA ( nordihydroguaiaretic acid ) , is toxic against cancer cells ( not normal cells ) .
It produces almost complete inhibition of aerobic and anaerobic glycolysis and respiration in some kinds of cancer cells .
Lymphoma and skin cancer have responded well to treatment with this herbal formula , which contains red clover , buckthorn bark , stillingia root , barberry bark , chaparral , licorice root , cascara amarga , and prickly ash bark , along with potassium iodide .
Other anticancer herbs to consider include African cayenne , bilberry , blood - root , comfrey dandelion root , goldenseal , pau d'arco , and suma .
Goldenseal should be taken for short periods of time , and not taken during pregnancy .
WASHINGTON — The Treasury Department 's pay czar pushed outgoing Bank of America Corp. Chief Executive Kenneth D. Lewis into giving back about $ 1 million he received so far this year and forgoing the rest of his $ 1.5 million salary for 2009 , say people familiar with the matter .
The move makes Mr. Lewis the biggest target so far of Kenneth Feinberg , the Treasury 's " special master " for compensation .
He also asked that Mr. Lewis pass up any 2009 bonus from the Charlotte , N.C. , bank .
Mr ....
The following column represents the viewpoints of IGN 's editor - at - large , Matt Casamassina .
The NPD Group , which tracks videogame software sales , released its anticipated monthly report on Monday and Warner Bros . ' new DS - exclusive game , Scribblenauts , is a bona fide hit .
Players bought up 194,000 copies of the title in just two weeks -- a very strong start for an untested franchise that was only six months ago also relatively unknown .
Launching an original game into a market drowning in licenses and sequels is always a gamble .
Just look at September 's overall biggest sellers : Halo , Madden , Beatles Rock Band , Marvel : Ultimate Alliance , Batman : Arkham Asylum , Guitar Hero and Wii Sports Resort .
Look familiar ?
This issue is complicated ever further on Nintendo's handheld , where the top 10 all - time best - sellers are published by -- you guessed it -- the Big N .
So here at last is a handheld game that bucks the trend -- or , at least , it 's come out of the gates running .
" We are very pleased with Scribblenauts ' sales so far , " Warner Bros .
Interactive Entertainment 's president , Martin Tremblay , tells me , adding , " We are hoping the positive word of mouth continues to translate into sales through the holiday season . "
WBIE president Martin Tremblay .
If you 've already played Scribblenauts extensively , perhaps even relentlessly , skip this paragraph .
The stylishly cute title appears at first glance to be a platformer a la Mario , but it 's actually an innovative puzzler .
As Maxwell , your single goal in most of the hundreds of levels is simply to retrieve a star ( called a starite ) , but how you do so is up to you .
Using an on - screen keyboard , you type whatever words come to your imagination and they appear in the game world as usable objects with realistic properties .
Need to get past a tree to grab the starite ?
No problem .
Type in chainsaw .
Or flamethrower .
Or termite .
Or beaver .
Or gasoline and then match .
The game allows that kind of freedom .
Tremblay believes that Scribblenauts has been successful so far because of these compellingly fresh gameplay mechanics .
" People were ready for something that changes the way games are played , and developer 5th Cell delivered a game where players of all ages are challenged to experiment and use their imagination , " he says .
" Scribblenauts ' appeal is resonating with people on many levels .
When core gamers , kids and parents all love a game , it is a good sign for success . "
He further calls the game complicated enough for advanced payers , but " easy enough for anyone to pick up and play . "
The accessible , addictive puzzler 's potential was spotted the moment it was announced , but the pre-launch hype came to a boiling point at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2009 , where it won numerous coveted awards including IGN's Game of the Show .
Tremblay says that taking that prize and others generated excellent buzz that inevitably " grew into great consumer word of mouth [ that ] definitely contributed to the game 's overall success . "
In the 12 - plus years I 've been covering the industry , I 've learned that early media acclaim is a leading factor in an original license 's success .
Maybe that 's just me tooting my own horn .
But I 'll also be the first to admit that even if I declared the next year 's Madden a carbon copy of the this year 's game , it 'd still sell a billion copies , so it goes both ways .
Scribblenauts is a significant win not only for 5th Cell and WBIE , but for every DS developer struggling to create an original game for Nintendo 's handheld .
In the last few months , I 've heard from the heads of too many small DS developers to count that publishers are no longer interested in working with them on fresh concepts for Nintendo 's ultra - popular portable because they simply do n't know how to sell them .
And yeah , that includes the burgeoning DSi scene .
As a result , players will find themselves bombarded with more licenses and sequels in the months to come .
But Scribblenauts represents a glimmer of light at the very end of the tunnel and perhaps more publishers will shelve their reservations and spring for innovation over familiarity .
Scribblenauts+is+off+to+a+strong+sales+start.+Will+it+have+legs ?
Undoubtedly excited by Scribblenauts ' first - month sales , though , Warner Bros. seems a little more receptive to those fresh ideas .
" I can't speak for what everyone else is doing , but at Warner Bros .
Interactive Entertainment , we are looking to be strategic in finding the best games to fit the platforms .
We are open to experimenting with IP and brands we believe in as part of our casual game strategy and overall slate , " explains Tremblay .
Hot on the heels of Drawn to Life , another DS best - seller , 5th Cell very likely had its choice of publishers for Scribblenauts and I get the feeling it chose WBIE because the company presented an aggressive , supportive plan -- one that 's just beginning to pay off .
Tremblay is n't willing to share sales projection specifics with me , but he does say , " We 'd love for Scribblenauts to be the leading third - party title on DS . "
Well , 200,000 down -- 1.6 million to go .
The best - selling third - party DS game is Cooking Mama with 1.8 million units moved domestically .
Even with its mechanical flaws -- some of the controls could 've used some tightening and tweaking -- Scribblenauts is leaps and bounds superior to Majesco 's casual affair .
Maybe it has a chance , especially if it has strong legs through the holiday season .
" Drawn to Life sold 40,000 units its first month and went on to sell a million , " says Jeremiah Slaczka , co-founder and creative director at 5th Cell .
" Seeing the sales of Scribblenauts so early and so much better than Drawn to Life , it 's really encouraging to us that people are genuinely receptive to innovative games and it's not just something people tout as a theoretical .
WB took a chance and supported the title where others would n't or did n't , which I wish more publishers would do . "
So what 's next ?
Asking Warner Bros. about Scribblenauts sequels for DS and iterations for consoles is like pulling teeth .
To me , it 's not a question of if , but when .
5th Cell has invested a lot of time and money into Scribblenauts and the first game is doing well .
Unlike so many titles designed for one system and then made to fit on another , Scrib is platform agnostic ; it 'll work on any system , from DS to Xbox 360 .
That point cannot have escaped WB , which had the foresight to jump on the series when other publishers -- you know who you are and you should be kicking yourself -- did n't .
But all Tremblay will say at this point in time is that , " Scribblenauts is a strong brand with a lot of potential .
You never know what the future holds . "
Frank sez , " Looking for a Halloween decoration ?
Place this on your table and watch it pump blood from around an eye socket , flowing into the mouth , of the undead !
This Zombie Head measures 7 inches tall and it runs on standard 120v power source with an indoor adaptor .
No doubt an eye - popping for your guests with this gruesome Eyeball Fountain . "
I can't believe they 're trying to sell this without a video of the head in action !
Also : does it make gurgling , sucking , choking noises as it drinks its own blood ?
It says , " uses tap water , " but can you put in other stuff ?
Rum ?
Chocolate ?
Kaopectate ?
Blood ?
Also : could you fit it with a small digital clock and a lamp so you could keep it on the bedstand ?
Spinning Eyeball Fountain
Better link : Spinning Eyeball Fountain
( Thanks , Frank ! )
As the September showdown over health care reform approaches , it 's easy to get lost in the summer haze of town hall scream fests and liberal freak - outs and hand - wringing about euthanizing grandmas and Sarah Palin 's impressionist position on facts .
Let 's get back to basics and answer three big questions .
1 ) What will the health care bill do ?
2 ) Why do we need reform ?
3 ) How would the law affect you ?
1 ) What will the health care bill do ?
Alec MacGillis , writing in the Washington Post , has an excellent " health care cheat sheet " that breaks down the reform proposals in crystal clear language .
It 's a great touchstone as we move through the next few months .
It explains how health reform is about two things -- 1 ) Covering more people ;
2 ) Lowering costs -- how the bills try to do accomplish both , and whether experts think they 'll be successful .
I suggest you read the whole thing here .
If you 'd like a preview , here 's a great explanation of why cost control is so hard to do :
What is unclear is if the proposals would achieve long - term savings .
Reformers tout a new federal effort to determine , with the help of computerized records , the " comparative effectiveness " of treatments .
But they say this effort would not take cost into account or issue firm guidelines over what to cover -- assurances made , in part , to avoid upsetting providers and patients groups .
End - of - life care eats up a huge slice of spending , but the proposals do little to address this directly .
And the clause in the House bill about providing Medicare reimbursements to doctors for counsel on end - of - life questions originated in an earlier proposal backed by Republican senators .
2 ) Why do we need reform ?
It 's well - recited that health care costs consume 16 percent of the economy and pose an exponentially rising burden on government outlays .
Why are government costs projected to explode in the next new decades ?
Calculated Risk answers that question with some alarming graphs .
Here are two graphs that illustrate the dramatic swaying of the US population from the late baby boom to the middle of this century .
Check out the Over 80 crowd .
OK so what if folks are getting much older ?
Life is a blessing , after all .
So true .
But life is also really expensive , and for the most part , the more life you live , the more expensive your health care .
Take a look at this last graph on expenses for Americans older than 65 and under 65 .
This gives you a good idea about why fiscal hawks are nervous about our older population exploding with static revenue sources from the under - 65 crowd .
3 ) How would the law affect you ?
This sounds like it should be really complicated .
But Nick Beaudrot makes it look really easy with this miraculously clear flowchart , based on a Chris Hayes lecture .
Advertisements
Today on his radio show , Rush Limbaugh took aim at a ninth grader who asked President Obama yesterday , why Iraq and Afghanistan have universal healthcare coverage , but the United States does not .
Limbaugh claimed that the kid had to be a plant .
Limbaugh asked , “ Where does a ninth grader come up with the notion that they have universal coverage in Afghanistan and Iraq ? ”
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
The question that enraged Limbaugh was , “ Hi , my name is Sean .
And my question is , currently 36 countries have universal health coverage , including Iraq and Afghanistan , which have it paid for by the United States .
Why ca n’t the United States have universal health coverage ? ”
Limbaugh said , “ Now if this question is n’t a plant , I do n’t know what is .
This is yesterday in a Q&A before Obama gave his speech to his young skulls full of mush at the Wakefield High School .
He spoke with the ninth graders there ….
You tell me if this question is n’t a plant , I do n’t know what is …
Now where does a high school ninth grader come up with the notion that they have universal health coverage in Afghanistan and Iraq .
He continued , “ That ’s some leftist drivel that a teacher is pumping into their heads .
Can you imagine the president of the United States asked by a ninth grader how come our healthcare is not as good as it in Afghanistan ?
How come our healthcare is not as good as in Iraq , as though universal coverage equals good healthcare ? ”
Um Rush , in 2004 , the Bush administration spent $ 950 million to establish a universal healthcare system in Iraq .
Afghanistan also has universal healthcare .
This is n’t leftist drivel .
It is a fact .
Even worse , the same people who oppose universal healthcare here in the U.S. spent $ 950 M to set up a universal system in Iraq .
First of all , the student never said that a universal system was better .
He just asked why we did n’t have it .
Secondly , this incident proves once again that Rush Limbaugh is not smarter than a ninth grader .
Limbaugh does n’t understand that a high school kid would know , but this after a quick Google search , anyone can know this .
The student was not a plant .
Maybe he is an intelligent kid who is interested in politics .
Maybe he and his family talk about the news at home , or maybe he knows someone who does n’t have health insurance .
These are all more logical possibilities than the kid ’s question being a plant .
As usual , Limbaugh is more interested in misinformation than facts .
.
August 6th , 2009 11:42 pm | by John Jansen |
I am not sure where to begin here .
A blogger named Chris Martenson wrote a story which alleges that the Federal Reserve System is secretly monetizing the debt .
The Zero Hedge Blog links to the story and describes it as a phenomenal piece of investigative reporting .
The story also received coverage at the high profile left wing / progressive blog the DailyKos .
The author there was nearly apoplectic .
The story is that the Federal Reserve in its Open Market Desk intervention today purchased $ 4,750,000 of the recently issued 7 year note .
The principal reason for the Open Market Desk ’s purchase of so much of just one issue is simple and uncomplicated and it is not part of some Byzantine conspiracy .
The Federal Reserve responds to that which the dealer community offers to them .
Since the 7 year note was just auctioned the street would own far more of that issue in the narrow sector in which the Open Market Desk was operating today than of surrounding issues .
So to complete the operation quickly and cost effectively , they would opt to buy that issue .
Pretty neat and surgical and quick .
I guess I am not so good at marketing myself as I wrote about this on April 2 , 2009 .
So there is absolutely nothing unique or special about today ’s transaction by the Open Market Desk .
The reporting and discussions on the topic at some of the other blogs contain factual errors which should make one suspect the bona fides of the authors on this topic .
Here is the entire piece posted at Zero Hedge :
In a brilliant piece of investigative reporting , Chris Martenson ( original article here ) has uncovered that the Fed , merely a week after issuing $ 28 billion in 7 year bonds ( which Zero Hedge discussed previously ) via its puppet , the US Treasury , of which $ 10 billion ended up being purchased by primary dealers , has turned and bought 47 % of the primary allocated bonds in Open Market Purchases .
This is undisputed monetization removed simply via one primary dealer and less than 5 days of temporal separation in order to leave no easy trace .
The author ( Tyler Durden ) makes the statement that the Federal Reserve bought the bonds just one week after issuing the bonds .
Anyone with a modicum of understanding of the process knows that the Federal Reserve does not issue bonds .
The bonds are issued by the US Treasury and then the Federal Reserve purchases them in the “ open market ” .
Some will counter that the distinction is one without a difference but in discussing such an esoteric topic and in presenting oneself as expert on that topic one should get the facts absolutely correct .
So to make the egregiously incorrect statement that the Federal Reserve issued those bonds should be a warning signal that the author has waded into an area where he lacks some expertise regarding fundamental and elemental facts .
At that point I would stop reading the story .
The Zero Hedge story also suggests ( I think though I am not 100 per cent sure on this point ) that the Open Market Desk bought the bonds from one primary dealer .
I do not know how that information was derived and it is certainly possible but the more likely case is that the Open Desk bought the bonds from multiple dealers .
Enough on Zero Hedge and now some comments on the Chris Martenson blog story .
As I noted at the outset he is very late in unearthing the story .
Mr Martenson asserts that the Federal Reserve has quietly bought the bonds and secreted them away on its balance sheet .
( That is nearly verbatim . )
Well it does not appear that they did it so quietly or so secretly as he was busily posting the results of that transaction and discussing it in the blogosphere not very long after the transaction took place .
Mr Martenson also avers that a more honest and direct approach would have been for the Federal Reserve to buy these bonds directly in the auction .
Let me say that I am not entirely certain on the next point but at 1120 PM I feel confident enough to write it : I believe that the Federal Reserve can only buy securities from the Treasury when it rolls over maturing holdings .
The Treasury only resurrected the 7 year note in March and consequently the Federal Reserve would have no bonds to roll in the auction .
Ergo there lack of participation .
I will make certain of that point in daylight hours tomorrow .
The internet is a wonderful tool for the dissemination of information .
Sometimes , though , authors can publish information and bend the facts to suit some sensational purpose and in so doing distort reality and the truth .
Официальный сайт 1xbet : Зеркало на сегодня рабочее прямо сейча с
Чтобы полноценно совершать ставки в букмекерской контор е 1xBet , вам необходимо пройти несложный процесс регистрации .
1 хбет предлагает своим пользователям четыре способа зарегистрироваться : в один клик , по телефону , по е-мэйл и через соцсети и мессенджеры .
Для перехода к регистрации в 1xbet прямо сейчас , нажмите на кнопк у “ Зарегистрироваться ” , расположенную выше .
После этого вы перейдете на работающее зеркало сайта 1 хбет .
Далее , в правом верхнем углу вам будет нужно нажать на кнопку ( зелёную ) “ Регистрация ” .
Затем пройдите процесс регистрации одним из четырех методов , которые мы подробно разобрали для вас ниже .
Как зарегистрироваться в
1xBet
Игроку предлагается пройти регистрацию следующими способами : в 1 клик , по номеру телефона , по почте , через социальные сети или мессенджеры ( Телеграмм , Ватсап ) .
Не забудьте также при регистрации в 1 хбет ввести на промокод 1x_89375 для получения бонусных 7500 баллов на первый депозит .
Итак рассмотрим подробнее основные пути регистрации в 1 икс бет :
Регистрация в 1 клик
Это самый быстрый способ регистрации .
Можно сразу же делать ставки , это является основным преимуществом данного метода .
Для регистрации вам потребуется :
1 ) Выбрать стран у
2 ) Выбрать валют у
3 ) Ввести промокод 1x_89375 , для получения 7500 на первый депози т
4 ) Нажать “ Зарегистрироватьс я ”
После регистрации , система сгенерирует вам уникальный логин и пароль для входа в личный кабинет 1 хбет , которые мы советуем вам сразу же записать , чтобы не потерять в дальнейшем .
Также вы можете указать системе , что вам нужно выслать эти данные вам на почту .
А для того , чтобы выводить в дальнейшем средства из личного кабинета , вам будет необходимо привязать телефон .
Регистрация по номеру телефон а
Вторым по оперативности является регистрация через телефон .
Вы сразу получаете доступ ко всем возможностям личного кабинета 1xbet .
Также вам на смартфон будут приходить смс - уведомления о ходе ваших ставок .
Для регистрации по телефону вам нужно сделать следующее :
1 ) Введите вам работающий номер телефон а
2 ) Нажмите на кнопку “ Выслать см с ”
3 ) Вам на телефон придет код подтверждения , введите его в появившемся окошк е
4 ) Выберите нужную вам валюту вашего счета в 1чиу е
5 ) Введите промокод 1x_89375 , для получения 7500 на первый депози т
6 ) Нажмите на кнопку “ Зарегистрироватьс я ”
Ещё одним плюсом данного метода регистрации будет являться то , что вы сможете в любое время восстановить доступ к вашему личному кабинету в 1xBET .
Регистрация по E-mail
Самым долгим способом , на наш взгляд , является регистрация в 1 ч bet с помощью емэйла .
Итак :
1 ) Заполните все данные формы на сайте 1xbet ( ваша страна , город , регион , имя , фамилия , телефон , ваш email )
2 ) Введите сложный уникальный пароль и подтвердите ег о
3 ) Введите промокод 1x_89375 , для получения 7500 на первый депози т
4 ) Нажмите на кнопку “ Зарегистрироватьс я ”
5 ) Далее проверьте почту , и в письме от 1 икс бет перейдите по ссылке , подтверждающей ваш аккаунт .
Регистрация через соцсети и мессенджер ы
Это ещё одни достаточно удобный способ регистрации в один икс бет , на взгляд нашей редакции .
Способ чем -то напоминает регистрацию в один клик .
Для него вам нужно :
1 ) Выбрать одну из следующих соцсетей или мессенджеров : Вконтакте , Одноклассники , Яндекс , Mail , Телеграм , Google +
2 ) Ввести промокод 1x_89375 , для получени я 7500
3 ) Нажать на кнопку “ Зарегистрироватьс я ”
4 ) Разрешить использование ваших данных из этих социальных сетей или мессенджеров , как регистрационных для входа в личный кабине т
5 ) Далее , можете авторизоваться через эти данные , либо через полученный логин и пароль .
Таким образом , мы рассмотрели основные способы регистрации в 1 хбет .
Также стоит сказать , что для того чтобы делать ставки и выводить выигрыш , вам необходимо активировать ваш счет : положить хотя бы 50 рублей на депозит .
Как получить приветственный бону с
Чтобы получить бонус 5000 руб ( или эквивалент в вашей валюте ) , необходимо после регистрации пополнить депозит на любую сумму .
Промокод
Для того , чтобы получить 7500 руб ( или сумму в вашей валюте ) после первого депозита , используйте наш свежий промоко д 1x_89375 .
Обзор букмекерской контор ы
1xBet
1хBET - самый популярный международный букмекер , ведущий свою деятельность с 2007 года .
Имеет более 5000 офисов по всему миру .
И эта цифра постоянно растет .
В некоторых странах ( США , Англия , Швейцария , Кипр , Гибралтар и др. ) деятельность букмекера находится под запретом из - за жестких законов по отношению к спортивным тотализаторам .
Компания является спонсором многих международных ( Барселона , Челси ) , а также российских футбольных клубов ( Краснодар , Зенит ) , можно заметить игроков в футболках с брендо м 1XBET .
Сама БК имеет зарубежную лицензию Кюрасао ( зарегистрирован а в свободной экономической зоне на Кипре ) , поэтому в России её интернет - деятельность запрещена .
Сайт 1xbet.com заблокирован на территории нашей страны , зайти на него можно только через специальное зеркало 1xbet .
Интересный момент , что в РФ по образу и подобию компани и
1xBet была создана своя букмекерская контора 1xStavka ( 1 х Ставка , один икс ставка ) , сайт которой 1 хstavka.ru .
Её владельцы почти полностью переняли дизайн и название оригинального букмекера .
Функционал сайт немного скуднее , но тоже внушает доверие .
Правда , при игре через эту фирму , беттеру придется пройти процедуру верификации с паспортом в одном из пунктов приёма ставо к
1 х Ставки , а также выплачивать 13 % налог с каждого выигрыша ( хорошо , что не с проигрыша , хе - хе ) .
Коэффициенты
Компания 1XBET знаменита своими коэффициентами выше среднего среди топовых букмекеров .
Например , во многих матчах высших лиг маржа на линию 1 к 2 может составлять всего 1 % , в лайв - ставках коэффициенты тоже высокие .
Чаще всего маржа компании 1xBET не превышает 5 % .
Линия , роспис ь
Этими параметрами компания 1xbet точно находится когорте самых лучших беттинг - агентств .
Невозможно так просто перечислить все виды спорты , киберспорта , общественных событий , на которые принимаются ставки у данного БК .
Помимо классических для букмекеров видов спорта таких как , хоккей , футбол , баскетбол , волейбол и т.д. , здесь присутствуют и менее традиционные : сумо , скачки , единоборства , при чем тут можно увидеть все основные лиги от WWFC до UFC .
В целом , каждый день компания 1 хбет предлагает своим игрокам более 1000 разных событий .
Роспись же каждого события также очень радует : кроме классических исходов победы одной команды над другой ( одного борца над другим ) , количества желтых карточек , нечьи , удаления с поля и т.д. , в росписи могут быть и совсем разобранные по кусочкам варианты исхода событий , напрмиер , если брать те же единоборства , то здесь вы можете поставить до ста разных видов ставок : от тотала до того , каким именно методом один боец победит другого .
Согласитесь , такое не каждый БК может себе позволить .
Официальный сайт и приложени е
Официальный сайт 1xbet переведен на 53 языка .
Интерфейс достаточно удобен .
Функционал тоже радует .
Дизайн спокойный , выдержан в фирменных цветах букмекера .
Есть круглосуточный чат с технической поддержкой .
В верхнем правом углу сайт присутствует панель личных настроек пользователя , где можно задать формат отображения сайта , кэфы и т.д. В верхней панели меню располагаетс я Линия , Live - слоты , ссылка на Казино с живыми крупье и т.д.
Также можно попробовать свои силы на играх на финансовом рынке .
Есть своя криптовалютная биржа .
Официальное приложение 1xbet также отличается удобством , профессиональностью исполнения и внимательность к деталям .
Приложение доступно в соответствующем разделе официального сайта .
Оно доступно для Андроид и iOs .
В приложении можно управлять личным кабинетом игрока , вносить депозит и выводить деньги , просматривать историю ставок , играть в прематч , лайв , тотализаторе , казино , производить анализ статистики ставок и своих игр .
Акции и бонусы для игроко в
1Xbet любит радовать своих пользователей различными бонусами и акциями .
Мы уже говорили про 5000 бонусных рублей при первом депозите .
Помимо этого , в специальном разделе с акциями можно найти много других бонусов таких , как “ Счастливая пятница ” : всем , кто пополняет свой депозит в пятницу , получает 100 % на счёт от суммы пополнения .
Кроме того , стоит отметить и некоторые “ утешительные бонусы ” .
Например , если игрок проигрывает 20 ставок подряд ( коэффициен т из которых ниже 3 , что , если честно , достаточно сложно сделать , нужно иметь талант , ха - ха ) , то он получает 5000 бонусов на отыгрыш .
Надежность
В надежности БК 1ХБЕТ можно не сомневаться , за это говорит долговременная успешная история его работы , минимальное количество негативных отзывов в сети , постоянно увеличивающееся число пользователе и наземных пунктов приема ставок ( ППС ) .
Tsui 's mom , Judy , says Sam began performing at 9 , when the family lived on Long Island and he won a part in a local production of the musical Nine .
" He sang so well , right from the start , and he really loved performing , " she says .
Sam , in turn , credits his mother , a high school music teacher , with ensuring that there was always music in the house .
' SICKENING ' :
An X - ray of a cat killed in a nail attack in Christchurch .
This X - ray reveals the abuse suffered by a cat killed by a nail attack in Christchurch .
It has been released by the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ( SPCA ) .
The female cat was found dead in Sparks Road in Hoon Hay last month with a dozen 85 - millimetre nails in its head .
Canterbury SPCA spokeswoman Fiona Maddison hoped information from the public would lead to the offender being caught .
" When the puss first came in , that was bad enough , " she said .
" To actually see the nails in its head in the X - ray is even more sickening and disturbing . "
Anyone with information should call 3497057 .
Python3 was released more than a year ago so far , and the release candidates and beta releases much before then .
How successful has the transition been to python3 so far ?
One way to measure that is to look at how many python packages have been ported to py3 k .
One way to measure what packages are released is to look at the python package index ( aka cheeseshop , aka pypi )
Not all packages ported to python3 are listed on pypi , and not all packages are listed on pypi .
Also there are many packages which have n't been updated in a long time .
However it is still a pretty good way to get a vague idea of how things are going .73 packages are listed in the python3 section of pypi , and 7568 packages in total .
That 's 0.96 % of python packages having been ported to python3 .
Another large project index for python is the pygame.org website .
Where there are currently over 2000 projects which use pygame .
I think there are 2 projects ported to python3 on there ( but I can't find them at the moment ) .
This shows a section of the python community using it in projects .
Most of the things listed on pypi are packages - not projects .
It 's showing what people are using for their projects - not what their libraries support .
In a similar way , it could be good to see how many websites are running on top of python3 .
I think a lot of the people who have ported to python3 are n't really using it for their projects , but have done the porting work as a good will measure towards moving python forward .
Another way to measure the success of the migration , is to pick a random sampling of some popular packages and see if their python3 support exists .
Pygame ( yes ) , Pyopengl ( no ) , pyglet ( no ) , numpy ( no ) , PIL python imaging library ( no ) , cherrypy ( yes ) , Twisted ( no ) , zope.interface ( no ) , buildout ( not sure , I think no ) , setuptools ( no , patches available ) , django ( no ) , plone ( no ) , psyco ( no ) , cython ( yes ) , swig ( yes ) , sqlalchemy ( no ) .
With some packages being used by 1000s or 10,000s of projects , those popular projects hold back the py3 k migration significantly .
It would seem that some applied efforts to the right projects would help the py3 k migration a lot .
Perhaps a py3 k porting team could be made to help port important libraries to py3 k .
How about other python implementations supporting python3 features ?
None have full python3 support as of yet .
For example jython ( no ) , pypy ( no ) , ironpython ( no ) , tinypy ( no ) , python - on - a - chip ( no ) , unladenswallow ( no ) , shedskin ( no ) .
However some implementations support some new python3 features .
How about wsgi ?
wsgi is the python specification for web gateways ... that it specifies how different web frameworks , web servers and applications can talk to each other and out to http .
The wsgiref module in python3 is somewhat broken , and the amendments for python3 have not made it into a new wsgi spec .
However work is being done towards it with a couple of major wsgi users supporting python3 ( cherrypy and mod_wsgi ) .
Another question to ask is : 'are many projects planning to support py3 k soon ?
Or have they decided not to work on py3 k at all yet ? '.
It seems many projects have decided not to put in the work yet .
At this point , for many projects they do n't see enough benefit towards moving to py3 k .
Or their dependencies have not been ported , and they are waiting on those to be ported before beginning to port themselves .
How well have the python developers themselves developed the support material for people upgrading their code ?
It looks like the cporting guide is still incomplete and has n't been updated in a while .
However the CPython API using projects have taken up the slack ... so there are now a number of extensions for people to look at for guidance .
It 's possible to make CPython extensions which support both 2.x and 3.x APIs .
There is now a 3to2 script being worked on .
This allows projects to write their code in python3 code , and have it translated into python2 code .
The python developers realised that having a 2to3 script was backwards in a way - requiring developers to stick with their python 2 code .
However , many projects seem to not use the translation script , since it has n't worked for them .
Instead they seem to have either made separate branches , or made their code so that it works in both 2.x and 3.x. Support for python3 was dropped , and python3.1 is the new python3 .
However python3 still exists in some distributions ( like ubuntu ) .
So how are the various OS distributions going with their python3 support ?
The latest version of OSX to be released ( snow leopard ) uses a version of python2.6.1 .
Most unix distributions are using python2.6 as their main python at the moment .
However most of them have also packaged python3.x as well .
So it 's fairly easy for people to try out python3 alongside their python2.x installation (s ) .
macports currently has py25 ( 286 ports ) , py26( 206 ports ) , py30 ( 0 ports ... since py3.0 is n't supported by python.org ) , and py31 ( 4 ports ) .
So for macports , it has 1.9 % of py31 packages ported compared to py25 .
This shows similar percentage to the ratio of ported packages in the pypi index ( 0.96 % ) .
This is not mirrored by the number of windows downloads from python.org .
Python2.6.2 windows installer had 786400 downloads , python2.5.4( 104291 ) , python 3.1 ( 241363 ) 3.1.1 ( 214871 ) for a total of 456234 for 3.x .
This is around 58 % comparing 2.6 and ( 3.0+3.1 ) .
Strangely about the same amount of people are downloading 3.0 as 3.1 - even though it states that 3.1 is the new py3 k and 3.0 is not supported anymore .
This is just windows download counts for August ... if you compare it to most unix distributions , they almost all come with python2.5 or python2.6.
So , is the python3 migration going along swimmingly ?
Or has it failed to reach its goals ( what were its goals if any ) ?
What can we do to help ?
Should we even help at this point ?
comments
( Adds details )
WASHINGTON , Sept 10 ( Reuters ) -
The number of people living in the United States without health insurance rose to 46.3 million in 2008 from 45.7 million a year earlier , a U.S. Census Bureau official said on Thursday .
David Johnson , who heads the Census Bureau 's housing and household economic statistics division , told a telephone conference the data were collected in March of 2008 -- before the sharp economic downturn in the latter part of the year which saw many more people lose jobs and health insurance .
The new census numbers could feature in arguments over President Barack Obama 's plans to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system and dramatically expand medical insurance coverage .
Johnson said that anyone who had insurance earlier in the year and lost it because of unemployment in the latter part of 2008 would have been counted in the report as having medical coverage -- meaning next year 's uninsured numbers could be far worse .
The data showed that the number of people who were covered by private insurance fell between 2007 and 2008 and those enrolled in government health programs rose .
The report said that between 2007 and 2008 the number of those with private coverage fell to 201 million in 2008 from 202 million in 2007 .
The number of people enrolled in government programs climbed to 87.4 million in 2008 from 83 million in 2007 , it said .
( Reporting by Donna Smith ; Editing by Sandra Maler )
A raw caramel craze is sweeping Japan .
At the same time , fishermen in the Sea of Japan are tormented by invasive swarms of Echizen Kurage ( Nomura ’s jellyfish ) , a giant jellyfish that weighs up to 450 pounds and measures two meters wide .
A group of enterprising students at Obama Fisheries High School ( located in the Japanese town of Obama no less ! ) have brought together these disparate phenomena by developing a sweet and salty caramel made out of sugar , starch syrup , and jellyfish powder , which is produced by boiling jellyfish into a paste and grinding it into tiny particles .
The students capture Nomura ’s jellyfish in fixed fishing nets from a lake in Fukui prefecture , an area plagued by the swarms .
The Obama students are n’t content with just producing a a jellyfish caramel treat .
The high schoolers have also requested that the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) put the caramels on the menu for astronauts journeying to the International Space Station , presumably in a bid to raise awareness of their tasty solution to the jellyfish problem .
Previous to producing space caramels , the Obama students developed jellyfish - infused cookies , dubbed “ Ekura - chan saku - saku cookies . ”
The cookies , sold in boxes of 10 , are available at a Fukui prefecture store for 580 yen .
Nomura ’s Jellyfish captured in fixed nets
[ Via Pink Tentacle ]
How does the current unemployment situation compare to prior recessionary periods ?
Henry Blodget calls this " The Scariest Jobs Chart Ever .
" It will take more than " hope " to spur a recovery .
It will require a commitment by government to free enterprise : to alleviate the fears that business owners have regarding forced unionization and massive new energy taxes ; to reduce the size and scope of government and its attendant tax burdens on the real economy ; to spur new investments and innovations ...
But given the current administration and the hard left Democrat leadership in Congress , one can safely assume that none of those things will come to pass .
As our beloved Vice President said many months ago , " Gird your loins . "
Gluskin
Sheff offers a few additional graphs that further illuminate the harsh reality of the situation .
Calculated Risk has more .
Oh , look out .
There 's a BioWare RPG coming to the PC .
Time to check its system requirements , see if your PC is able to pass muster .
Advertisement
The good news ?
Most of you should be able to get by those minimum requirements .
The ... other news ?
I do n't think I 've ever seen a 20 GB install before .
Wonder what the 360 version looks like ...
Windows XP Minimum Specifications
OS : Windows XP with SP3
CPU : Intel Core 2 ( or equivalent ) running at 1.4 Ghz or greater
AMD X2 ( or equivalent ) running at 1.8 Ghz or greater
RAM : 1GB or more
Video : ATI Radeon X850 128MB or greater
NVIDIA GeForce 6600 GT 128MB or greater
DVD ROM ( Physical copy )
20 GB HD space
Windows Vista Minimum Specifications
OS : Windows Vista with SP1
CPU : Intel Core 2 ( or equivalent ) running at 1.6 Ghz or greater
AMD X2 ( or equivalent ) running at 2.2GHZ or greater
RAM : 1.5 GB or more
Video : ATI Radeon X1550 256MB or greater
NVIDIA GeForce 7600 GT 256MB or greater
DVD ROM ( Physical copy )
20 GB HD space
Advertisement
Recommended Specifications
CPU : Intel Core 2 Quad 2.4 Ghz Processor or equivalent
RAM : 4 GB ( Vista ) or 2 GB ( XP )
Video : ATI 3850 512 MB or greater
NVIDIA 8800GTS 512 MB or greater
DVD ROM ( Physical copy )
20 GB HD space
Colourbox.de/FOCUS
Online ( Composing ) Screenshot Screenshot Screenshot Screenshot Chat.de Screenshot Wrestling.com Screenshot Bike.com Screenshot Cafe.com Screenshot gays.com Screenshot Website.com Screenshot Screenshot Kredit.de Vibrators.com Screenshot Poker.org Screenshot Hell.com Screenshot Cameras.com Screenshot Screenshot Vodka.com Screenshot Toys ' Screenshot Diamond.com Screenshot Business.com Screenshot porn.com Fund.com Screenshot Sex.com 24
Eingängige Internetadressen können Goldgruben sein .
Bei der Vergabe der deutschen Kurz - Domains ging es deshalb hart zur Sache .
Um tv.de wird heftig gestritten .
Am Freitagmorgen pünktlich um 9
Uhr war es so weit : Die Internetregistrierungsstelle Denic startete das in den letzten Tagen heftig diskutierte Vergabeverfahren für die neuen Domain - Namen .
Damit war der
Weg frei für Internetadressen mit nur einem oder zwei Zeichen sowie mit reinen Ziffernfolgen , die bislang von einer Registrierung ausgeschlossen waren .
Das Interesse im Vorfeld war immens .
Vor allem Unternehmen und Markeninhaber wollten die Chance nutzen , sich eine oder gleich mehrere dieser begehrten Internetadressen zu sichern .
10 000 Domains in 90 Minuten registriert
Innerhalb der ersten eineinhalb Stunden waren bereits mehr als 10 000 Domains vergeben .
Gleichzeitig wurde aber auch die Kritik an dem Verfahren in Foren , Blogs und bei
Denic bekam bereits in den frühen Morgenstunden Post von Rechtsanwälten , die mithilfe einstweiliger Verfügungen die Freigabe einiger markenrechtlich geschützter Domains vorab verhindern wollten .
Welche juristischen Nachspiele die Domain - Vergabe noch haben wird , zeigt sich in den kommenden Tagen und Wochen .
Auch das Bundeskartellamt will die Vergabe noch einmal detailliert prüfen .
Vorabversteigerung der besten Domain - Namen
Auf der Handelsplattform
Sedo wurden die begehrtesten Internetadressen bereits vor dem offiziellen Vergabestart meistbietend versteigert .
Mithilfe einer ganzen Reihe nicht näher genannter Partner wollte das Unternehmen versuchen , den Zuschlag für die jeweilige Domain zu erhalten .
Klappt es beim ersten Anlauf nicht , will sich Sedo mit den Inhabern der Adressen in Verbindung setzen und im Auftrag der Auktionsgewinner über einen möglichen Weiterverkauf verhandeln .
Mit 279 499 Euro erzielte tv.de den Höchstpreis bei der Versteigerung .
Für Privatleute , die sich einen der begehrten Namen beispielsweise für die eigene Homepage sichern wollten , standen die Chancen auf eine Zuteilung dementsprechend schlecht .
Innerhalb der ersten eineinhalb Stunden waren bereits mehr als 10 000 Domains vergeben .
Gleichzeitig wurde aber auch die Kritik an dem Verfahren in Foren , Blogs und bei Twitter immer lauter .
Von technischen Problemen war die Rede .
Meldungen von Verzögerungen und Ungereimtheiten beim Registrieren der gewünschten Adressen machten die Runde .
Denic bekam bereits in den frühen Morgenstunden Post von Rechtsanwälten , die mithilfe einstweiliger Verfügungen die Freigabe einiger markenrechtlich geschützter Domains vorab verhindern wollten .
Welche juristischen Nachspiele die Domain - Vergabe noch haben wird , zeigt sich in den kommenden Tagen und Wochen .
Auch das Bundeskartellamt will die Vergabe noch einmal detailliert prüfen .
Auf der Handelsplattform
Sedo wurden die begehrtesten Internetadressen bereits vor dem offiziellen Vergabestart meistbietend versteigert .
Mithilfe einer ganzen Reihe nicht näher genannter Partner wollte das Unternehmen versuchen , den Zuschlag für die jeweilige Domain zu erhalten .
Klappt es beim ersten Anlauf nicht , will sich Sedo mit den Inhabern der Adressen in Verbindung setzen und im Auftrag der Auktionsgewinner über einen möglichen Weiterverkauf verhandeln .
Mit 279 499 Euro erzielte tv.de den Höchstpreis bei der Versteigerung .
Für Privatleute , die sich einen der begehrten Namen beispielsweise für die eigene Homepage sichern wollten , standen die Chancen auf eine Zuteilung dementsprechend schlecht .
netzwelt.de ( Screenshot )
Ein Zuschlag , der keiner ist
Umso größer war die Überraschung in der Branche , als das Online - Magazin Netzwelt über den Microblogging - Dienst Twitter stolz verkündete , über seinen Provider Key - Systems den Zuschlag für die Top - Adresse tv.de bekommen zu haben .
Grund für diese Twitter - Nachricht war laut Netzwelt ein vorausgegangenes Telefonat mit dem Provider .
Ein Key - System - Mitarbeiter habe hierbei mitgeteilt , dass das Internetmagazin für die Domain tv.de auf Position 1 der Vergabeliste bei Key - Systems stehe .
Die Schlussfolgerung hieraus : Sollte der Provider von der Denic den Zuschalg für die Internetadresse erhalten , gehört tv.de dem Online - Magazin .
„ Wir haben uns bei mehr als 20 Domain - Namen um eine Zuteilung beworben “ , sagte Geschäftsführer Sascha Hottes gegenüber FOCUS Online .
Umso mehr habe er sich gefreut , mit tv.de den sprichwörtlichen Sechser im Lotto gezogen zu haben .
Zumal das Online - Magazin für die Domain nur 20 000 Euro gezahlt habe .
„ Als wir den Eigentümereintrag Key - Systems bei Denic sahen , setzte ich mich sofort mit unserem Provider in Verbindung , um mich zu erkundigen , ob wir den Zuschlag bekommen haben “ , so Hottes weiter .
Doch statt eines klaren Ja oder Nein gab es nur ausweichende Antworten von dem Key - Systems - Vertriebsmitarbeiter .
Die Technik müsse erst noch alles prüfen und man melde sich wieder .
Der Wunsch , Alexander Siffrin , den Geschäftsführer von Key - Systems , zu sprechen , wurde abgelehnt .
Denic ( Screenshot )
17th Oct 2009 , 10:09 PM
And Thus Begins Greatness
If my Japanese teacher said it , it must be true .
Not Timmy 's fault Ugly Guy The ReRe Bono 's right over there !
Real Animals as Pokemon
They call me ...
STRIDER Depression Awareness Month 1 Depression Awareness Month 2 Guns > Crowbars Gang Violence meets The Internet Unused X - Men 1 Unused X - Men 2 Columbus Day 2009
No mean to be creepy .
Extraplaner Beings for Sale : Cheap The Meaning of Life Reality Hot Cougar Tall Grass Streaking Parental Difficulties DEFENDIN MAH ARTIST E-PEEN
The Tactics of Pedophilia Giant Squids Evil Doer 's Escape Unused Superpowers 3 Microscope Voyeur Evil Doer 's Escape 2 Sex and Pandas Police Corruption OVER 9000 VIEWS
So you want to make a sports movie ?
Well , let ’s face it , making one is n’t the most difficult task in the world .
Just ask Disney .
All you need is a sport , and really , any sport will do , throw in a little dancing , a montage ( note : these can be , and often are , combined ) , an inspirational speech and ending , and you ’ve got yourself a bona fide smash hit film on your hands .
Again , ask Disney .
But if you need any more ideas on how to shape your new sports movie , well , we ’ve got a few guidelines for you to follow …
7 ) Every Hero Needs a Wet Blanket
Both created and perfected by the Rocky series , the wet blanket girlfriend , wife or other random family member is the one character who , no matter how inspirational your hero is , will never , ever ( and let us stress , ever ) believe in .
Adrian Balboa repeatedly told Rocky he could n’t win .
And hey , look what happened to her for having so little faith : she was killed off prior to the sixth movie .
That ’ll show her !
We ’re surprised “ You still ca n’t win ” is n’t inscribed on there .
But the Rocky films are n’t the only ones who feature the wet blanket .
No , every movie has to have a wet blanket of some sort .
This is the character who tries with all her ( or his , we believe in equity ) might to crush the dreams or our heroes .
Take every single fringe character in Rudy , for instance .
Sure , you could point to Rudy ’s brother and father as the two biggest wet blankets , throwing dirt on Rudy ’s competitive fire at every opportunity , but seriously : every single character not named Rudy , Rudy ’s friend who died in a freak accident , Charles Dutton or Jon Favreau told Rudy throughout the film that he basically sucked at life .
Knowing what we know about the real life Rudy , we ’re inclined to agree .
Other examples of wet blankets include Myra Fleener from Hoosiers ( and with a name like that , how could she be anything but a buzzkill ? ) and Amy Smart ’s character in Varsity Blues .
Of course , if we were in her place and had a chance to discourage James Van Der Beek , we ’d probably take that opportunity too .
6 ) Team Brawls and Dances Breed Success
You can be the worst team in the world .
You can lose every single game by a ridiculous margin .
Hell , you could be the Detroit Lions .
Okay , that might be a little harsh .
In any event , there ’s one sure - fire way to turn your season around : come up with elaborate dance routine ( as a team ! ) or get into a giant bar room brawl with your nemeses ( again , as a team ! ) .
Nothing says team building like line dancing and drop kicks , after all .
If sports movies have taught us anything , it ’s that even the worst of the worst can choreograph a nice little dance routine and / or fight and get arrested , and everything will work out okay in the end .
Just ask the guys from Necessary Roughness , who brawled with the “ number one team in Texas ” and came together better than ever in the aftermath .
Maybe you could take a note from the team in Remember the Titans , who learned that the surest way to intimidate an opponent is to dance your way onto the field .
But if you really want to take a lesson here , look no further than the fine folks in The Replacements ( hey , there ’s Favreau again ! ) , who pulled off quite the coup de grace by not just dancing or fighting , but doing both , in the same night !
After first imitating the guys from Necessary Roughness with their bar brawl , the Replacements found themselves in the slammer , where they danced their way into the heart of Gene Hackman and victories .
The bottom line in all of this , though , is that if you see the Lions in the Detroit police blotter for getting into a collective fight , put all of your money on them to cover the spread on Sunday .
“ Now remember , it ’s one two STEP , got that ? ”
5 ) Every Hero Deserves a Second Chance
If there ’s anything people love more than an underdog , it ’s an underdog getting his second ( or , even better , last ) chance .
This holds true in sports , where we ’ve got guys like Kurt Warner going from bagging groceries to tossing touchdowns , Ricky Williams bouncing back from a purple haze , and Terrell Owens , well , being a prick in every city he enters .
Okay , so not all second , third , fourth and fifth chance athletes are success stories .
Either way , sports movies are pretty much the same way .
We love our lovable losers who are getting their second , probably final shot at glory .
Look at Shane Falco in The Replacements , or Jake Taylor in Major League , or Norman Dale in Hoosiers .
If you ’re a disgraced former player or coach , a has been , or a never was who did n’t get his chance to shine in the first place ( like Paul Blake in Necessary Roughness ) , chances are we ’re going to be rooting our asses off for you to succeed .
And if anyone understands this , it ’s got to be Gene Hackman , who has become the master of playing the washed up and / or disgraced coach getting his one last shot .
He perfected the role with Hoosiers , where he played a guy who returned to coaching after having been suspended for punching a player and had to pull off an awkward kiss with Barbara Hershey as the aforementioned Myra Fleener and wound up taking the Hickory Huskers to a state title .
And then he returned to a similar role in The Replacements , playing a respected actor phoning in a performance in a subpar sports movie .
Needless to say , he nailed it .
4 ) Every Hero Must Face Internal Conflict
It ca n’t be enough to just face opposition from the outside ; your hero needs to face opposition from within as well .
That ’s where the teammate who is irrationally bitter and hateful toward your hero comes in .
It ’s his job to completely loathe your hero with all of his might , for no discernible reason whatsoever .
One of the most famous examples is probably the formerly skinny Vince Vaughn in Rudy , who pulled off the feat of being 6 ’ 6 ” and still playing a half back while also giving little Rudy crap at every turn .
It might also be the only instance , real or fictitious , in which someone has ever accused a walk - on athlete of being a show off .
Because nothing says show off like slaving away in a thankless and unrecognized role on a sports team and having to pay your own way to do it , all while getting your ass stomped by far superior athletes for hours a day .
A more recent example would be the irrationally racist guy in The Express , who only learned to appreciate Ernie Davis after they started winning , or the irrationally racist guy in Remember the Titans , who just decided he was better at being a douchebag and stuck with that throughout the movie .
Additionally , Major League features a pair of irrationally hate filled teammates in Eddie Harris and Roger Dorn , who despised Pedro Cerano and Rick Vaughn for …well , reasons .
What reasons ?
We ’re not sure , but that ’s what we ’re going to go with for now .
Yup , nice and general .
Remember , that ’s all you need to sell this part of your script !
3 ) Montages Cure All Ills
Now , maybe montages do n’t cure literally all ills , but until someone slaps together a cancer montage set to peppy 1960 ’s music we just wo n’t know for sure , will we ?
Anyway , you ca n’t make a sports movie without an inspirational montage , and you ca n’t make a sports montage without the team 1 ) coming together , 2 ) the underdog attaining greatness , or 3 ) Joe Esposito proving once and for all how badass a songwriter he is .
Seriously , he ’s the best … around !
Once again , the Rocky movies perfected the inspirational sports movie montage , but it ’s a practice that has become standard in every … single …sports movie …since .
Seriously , try to think of a sports movie that did n’t contain at least one montage .
Can you think of one ?
Did n’t think so .
Karate Kid , Hoosiers , Major League , they all contain sweet montages showing our heroes progressing quite nicely , getting ready for the big game / coming together as a team / kicking bad guys in the face .
Hell , sports montages have become so cliché ( in a good way ! ) and prevalent that the South Park guys not only parodied them in one famous episode , but they stole their own montage idea and stuck it in Team America just to hammer the point home .
The basic point here is that if you ’re ever stuck with the team or hero in your movie sucking ass for extended periods , just throw in a montage and by the end , you can have them beat the freaking New York Yankees even if they ’re a Pee Wee football team and no one will think twice about it .
“ Well , the Yankees are good , but those little football players did have a bitchin ’ montage … ”
2 ) Beating Someone Earns Their Respect
The corollary to this one is that without fail , your hero must have a nemesis who is the epitome of evil .
Seriously , this nemesis must have absolutely no redeeming traits .
After all , who wants to root against a sports movie villain who spends his spare time reading to blind goldfish ?
Of course , the gold standard in this category is , was , and will always remain Johnny Lawrence from The Karate Kid , who decided early on he hated Daniel LaRusso ( and we ca n’t say we really blame him ) and made it his goal in life to destroy Daniel ’s pride or , short of that , his life .
Literally , by killing him , or at least trying to on several occasions .
But we ’re talking about that moment at the end of your sports movie when the hero has miraculously ( and usually unrealistically ) defeated his nemesis , the incarnation of evil .
At that moment , for instance in Karate Kid , when the villain ’s face has been broken , he suddenly has a new found respect for the guy who broke his nose in about four places .
Breaking Away is another good example , and in a slightly different version ( the hero nearly killing himself to earn respect ) , so is Cool Runnings .
But the one thing to remember is that the absolute best way to show that your nefarious villain has had a change of heart is to have him slow clap .
Because seriously , no one who is still a jerkoff would ever try to pull off the slow clap .
1 ) You ’ve Got to Have a Miraculous Ending
Who the hell wants to see a football team win by three touchdowns ?
Who wants to see Rocky win by second round TKO ?
No one , that ’s who .
It ’s the same reason why it ’s only slightly fun to beat a 10 - year - old at basketball .
There ’s no suspense .
The best sports to watch are the baseball games that are decided with two outs in the bottom of the ninth , the football games won with a Hail Mary , and the Wii bowling games where you pick up a spare in the final frame and then immediately rub it in your spouse ’s face .
We should point out that only that last scenario will lead to zero sex .
So despite the fact that , for example , Remember the Titans was based on a true story in which the real Titans stomped their way to a title , Disney decided it ’d be more cinematic to have them win on an absurd and totally unbelievable 70 yard reverse , with the star quarterback throwing about a dozen blocks on the way to the endzone .
It ’s also the reason why , in Rocky II , Rocky and Apollo punchicize each other to the point where the first one who can actually stand up wins .
It should be noted that , in most cases , this works best of you put that insane final dramatic play in slow motion .
After all , we as an audience want to savor every second of our hero and / or team snagging victory out of the arms of the villainous ( and probably better ) opposing team .
Because at the end of the day , we all think of ourselves as underdogs , and we ’d like nothing more than to see the people around us have their dreams shattered .
Which reminds us : inspiration really comes second to vengeance which is disguised as inspiration .
Victory is sweet , but it ’s even sweeter when you can also take some bully ’s pride at the same time .
Just ask Daniel LaRusso .
Those who have pre-purchased Left 4 Dead 2 via Steam may now pre-load the game demo , which is due to launch for early access on Tuesday , October 27 .
Early access to the L4D2 demo is available for both retail ( 360 , PC ) and Steam ( PC ) customers .
Those who pre-ordered via participating retailers should be able to pick up their early access codes this weekend and be ready to play on Tuesday when the demo launches .
Advertisements
Bill Maher was on MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show tonight and in response to the new polling that showed that Republicans believe the misinformation campaign about health care reform , Maher pointed out that Republicans tend to have a casual relationship with the truth .
He believes that Republicans are guided more by feeling and less by facts .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Maher said , “ Well , you know , you ’re right that Republicans have a more casual relationship with the truth .
I have always believed that .
I do n’t think they care as much about what is really true .
It is more about what the feeling is , what the spirit of the truth is .
Reagan used to tell a bunch of whoppers .
You know ketchup was a vegetable .
Trees cause pollution , and anecdotal stuff about welfare queens and the Cadillacs , ball games he saw that he never really saw .
They did n’t care .
It was the big idea behind it .
You know the big idea behind it , so I am not surprised at that . ”
Maher made the point that for Republicans , it is all about feelings , “ It is all about feeling with those people , which is ironic because they accuse liberals of being naïve and not steely eyed , but really they are the ones who do n’t really care about what the actual truth is .
Like the torture debate , they were all about those naïve liberals .
we know what the real truth is because we watch 24 .
You know we have the real truth . ”
He also pointed out that feelings are stronger than facts , and he suggested that the Republican outrage is n’t about health care , but it is a continuation of this feeling that they want their country back .
This health care debate has proven a point that I have continually risen over the years that most Republicans are cowards who are guided by fear .
The GOP does n’t utilize facts much because they do n’t motivate the base , which has been conditioned to respond to scare tactics .
The best strategy that Democrats could pursue on health care would be one that would keep members of their own party and Independents inoculated from the wave of terror that has gripped the Republicans .
I agree with Maher .
Their protests really are n’t about health care .
They are still pouting because they lost the election , and they have convinced themselves that stopping health care reform will stop Obama .
Intelligence Vets Back Torture Probe Editor ’s Note :
In reaction to the extraordinary appeal by seven ex-CIA directors that President Barack Obama halt a Justice Department inquiry into the use of torture by CIA interrogators , a dozen former U.S. intelligence professionals urge the President to ignore that appeal and back the investigation .
( Their memo to Obama was dated Sept. 27 . ) MEMORANDUM FOR : The President FROM : Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) SUBJECT : Accountability for Torture Email
Printer friendly
We write you , Mr. President , as former intelligence professionals to voice strong support for Attorney General Eric Holder ’s authorization of a wider investigation into CIA interrogation .
We respectfully disagree with the direct appeal to you by seven former CIA directors to quash that wider investigation .
The signatories of this Memorandum are former intelligence officers and analysts who have worked with CIA directors going back as far as Allen Dulles .
Our cumulative experience totals more than 200 years .
We are encouraged by your own support for Attorney General Holder ’s decision to have federal prosecutor John Durham investigate possible criminal activity by individuals engaging in torture and other violations of international agreements on the treatment of detainees .
From our own experience in intelligence , both as field operators and as senior analysts , we know that personal accountability is vital to maintaining an effective intelligence service that reflects our best traditions and the rule of law .
Among the former CIA directors who , by letter of September 18 , asked you to “ reverse ” the attorney general ’s decision are some who were cognizant of and involved in decisions that led to the abuses in question .
We find that troubling .
Clearly , the role of CIA directors in issuing orders that led to inappropriate behavior , and their failure to hold officers accountable , helped create the environment in which abuses occurred — the ones detailed in the Special Review of the CIA Inspector General , for example .
No analytical leap is required to conclude that those particular CIA directors might have understandable interest in blocking investigation of their own complicity .
They include , first and foremost , George Tenet — many of whose misdeeds are already a matter of public record .
To mention just a few : — Tenet was the chief enabler of torture .
He also oversaw widespread kidnapping ( “ extraordinary rendition ” ) , which in some cases led to torture .
— Our sources tell us that Tenet knew about the overstepping of the guidelines approved by the lawyers and that he knew the people doing it .
Rather than restrain them , he pushed them still harder , in an attempt to please his masters .
We strongly believe that investigations of possible wrongdoing cannot , in all fairness , be limited to the proverbial “ bad apples at the bottom of the barrel . ”
Rather , in our view , such investigations must be allowed to go wherever the evidence leads .
The inquiry last year by the Senate Armed Services Committee provides a good model for doing precisely that .
The main conclusion of the committee ’s “ Inquiry Into the Treatment of Detainees in U.S. Custody , ” approved last fall without dissent , was captured in its first subhead : “ Presidential Order Opens the Door to Considering Aggressive Techniques . ”
The Hollywood version of the CIA portrays amoral spies willing to do anything without regard to ethics or human rights .
Our own long experience persuades us that the intelligence community has an abundance of men and women of outstanding character , who are committed to the rule of law , and whose primary desire is to serve the nation and protect the American people .
However much former CIA directors and other people at risk might wish to derail an investigation into possible war crimes , we believe the moral standing of our nation requires that we apply the same standards to offenses by U.S. officials as we would to accusations of war crimes by those in other countries .
For all these reasons , we strongly endorse efforts by the Department of Justice to investigate allegations of torture and human rights abuses by any Americans — CIA officers and contractors included .
Please regard this Memorandum as follow up to the more extensive comments on torture in the VIPS review prepared for you in late April .
A copy of that Memorandum was eventually posted at Consortiumnews.com ( see http://tinyurl.com/cvvr2x).
Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity
Steering Group Ray Close , National Clandestine Service ( CIA ) , Princeton , NJ
Phil Giraldi , National Clandestine Service ( CIA ) , Purcellville , VA
Melvin A. Goodman , US Army , CIA , Dept. of State , Dept. of Defense , Bethesda , MD
Larry Johnson , CIA & Department of State , Bethesda , MD
Pat Lang , US Army ( Special Forces ) , DIA , Alexandria , VA
David MacMichael , National Intelligence Council , Linden , VA
Tom Maertens , Department of State , Mankato , MN
Ray McGovern , US Army , CIA , Arlington , VA
Sam Provance , US Army ( Abu Ghraib ) , Greenville , SC
Coleen Rowley , FBI , Apple Valley , MN
Greg Thielmann , Dept. of State , Sen. Intelligence Committee Staff , Arlington , VA
Ann Wright , US Army , Department of State , Honolulu , HI To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
As the fall television season begins , and new and returning shows jostle one another to remind easily distracted viewers that they exist , there are many routes series can take to promote themselves .
Some buy print advertisements and rent billboards ; others use Internet banners and viral videos .
But probably only one is sending its cast on the road to perform a live musical .
For the past several days the stars of the irreverent FX comedy “ It ’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia ” ( whose fifth season begins on Thursday , by the way ) have been readying for a six - city tour .
They will act , sing and karate - kick their way through “ The Nightman Cometh , ” an original stage work taken from a recent episode of the show .
Costumes and sets have been packed up , a tour bus has been prepared , and a few days ago some ( but not all ) of the cast members even got together to rehearse for , like , four hours .
Asked recently if he had the musical - theater background to pull this off , Rob McElhenney , the show ’s creator and co-star , gave a long , nervous laugh .
“ No , ” he said .
“ No .
No , I do n’t .
I do n’t really have any comedy background .
This show is the first comedy I ’ve done .
Now we ’re doing it in front of 4,000 people at a clip .
It ’s going to be pretty interesting . ”
Jason Hargett Million Dollar Golf Shot , Hole in One VIDEO
Restaurant manager Jason Hargett of the Ruby River Steakhouse in Provo , Utah had a life changing day on the golf course on Tuesday .
He was in attendance at the Mark Eaton Classic charity golf event benefiting the Utah Diabetes Center at Red Ledges in Heber City .
He made a last minute decision to participate and soon discovered they were holding a contest :
Get a hole - in - one , win $ 1 million .
Hargett and five other players who hit the ball closest to the hole on a par 3 were allowed to participate in a one - in 45,000 chance to win the hole - in - one contest .
When it was Hargett 's turn he claims he was n't nervous about the shot but felt the crowd pressing in behind him which gave him a " weird " vibe .
Jason , who was using his brother 's golf clubs , made the 150 yard shot with a 9 - iron and promptly sent a text message to his wife , Amyee Hargett , declaring that their lives had just changed .
She knew prior to the text that he was one of six contestants but she did n't know if his followup message was legitimate until she called his cellphone for confirmation .
When he answered the phone she heard the crowd going wild and knew he had won the money .
It will take the couple 40 years to reap the entire fortune , which will be paid at a rate of $ 25,000 a year .
The father of four children ranging in age from 10 to 17 claims the extra money each year will come in handy with expenses .
Check out a video of the million dollar hole - in - one golf shot below .
Hole - in - one video
Eleven people are being taken to court after they were seen heading towards the demonstrations with what appeared to be a police personnel carrier , complete with a toy machine gun , to the sound of Ride of the Valkyries played over loud speaker .
( CNN ) --
A smudged fingerprint has convinced art experts that a painting thought to have dated back to the early 19th century is the work of revered Italian artist Leonardo da Vinci .
Da Vinci expert Martin Kemp has renamed the work , " La Bella Principessa " after the young lady in the portrait .
Little is known of the painting before it appeared in an illustrated Christie 's catalogue in the late 1990s labeled as " German , 19th Century " under the name of " Young Girl in Profile in Renaissance Dress . "
It sold for $ 19,000 at the auction to respected New York art dealer Kate Ganz who kept it for 12 years before selling it on for a similar price in 2007 .
The work is now locked in a Swiss bank vault with an estimated value of more than $ 160 million .
Peter Silverman had seen the work during the original auction back in the 1990s .
" I was actually an under - bidder because I thought it was a wonderful thing but I did n't have the knowledge at that time to go all the way , " he told CNN .
More than 10 years later , he was walking in New York with a Swiss friend whom he describes as a " major collector of contemporary art . "
" He popped into the Ganz gallery and saw this thing on her desk which was for sale .
And he came out and said , ' Peter I do n't know what I 'm looking at here ; I 'm a contemporary collector .
But I certainly would like you to have a look at it because it does n't look 19th Century to me . '
So I went and looked at it and I bought it right way for him . "
Silverman then began the long process of proving that every expert and art lover who had seen the painting over the past decade -- and earlier -- had been wrong to assume that it was the work of anyone other than one of the world 's greatest artists .
" I kept saying to myself , this is absurd , it can't be , " Silverman told CNN .
" A da Vinci coming out of the woodwork , just like that , nobody recognized it , fully illustrated , seen by the whole world at Christies , in the hands of one of the top dealers in the world .
I was puzzled , sort of stymied . "
He started researching followers of da Vinci who may have produced the work in their mentor 's style , but kept coming back to the same conclusion :
That it was a da Vinci .
" My one claim to fame in this whole thing is that I saved it from obscurity , " Silverman told CNN .
In January 2008 , Silverman bumped into Nicholas Turner , former Keeper of Prints and Drawings at the British Museum , at an exhibition at the Louvre in Paris .
He showed Turner an image of the print on a digital camera who agreed it looked like a da Vinci .
Other experts agreed but it was evidence from the Paris - based firm Lumière Technology that Silverman says was " the icing on the cake . "
Last June , using a " multispectral " digital technology it pioneered , the firm took images of the layers of pigments used to create the work .
Within the pigment , they found a partial hand print and a finger print which matched others found on two known works of da Vinci .
" To capture it took less than two hours , after that we had to study more than 20 gigabytes of data , " Jean Penicaut , CEO of Lumière Technology told CNN .
Da Vinci scholar Martin Kemp , Emeritus Professor of the History of Art at Oxford University , was called to lend his expertise and also concluded it was a da Vinci .
He has just finished writing a 200 - page book on the work which is expected to be published later this year .
Professor Kemp told the Antiques Trade Gazette that his first reaction to the find was that " it all sounded too good to be true -- after 40 years in the Leonardo business , I thought I 'd seen it all ! "
Kemp told the gazette that the portrait must date from around 1496 .
He believes it is of Bianca Sforza , daughter of Ludovico Sforza , Duke of Milan and his mistress Bernardina de Corradis .
He has renamed her portrait , " La Bella Principessa . "
In addition to the left - handed print , Kemp used extensive research to conclude that the work , da Vinci 's only on vellum ( mammal skin ) , was created as a cover of a book of poetry in honor of the sitter .
" All the information that Martin Kemp has discovered about it ; the lefthandedness , the quality of the work , the fact that it's on vellum and was meant for a book .
There are many different aspect which together make it a Leonardo , " Silverman said .
But he added , " if it had n't been for all these technological advances and these great people working with me on this it still would be in limbo . "
The portrait is due to on display in Sweden next March at a show called " And There Was Light : The Masters of the Renaissance Seen in a New Light " to be held in Gothenburg .
David Cage and his crew over at Quantic Dream have made it clear that they want their groundbreaking PS3 exclusive , Heavy Rain , to be as cinematic as possible .
On top of the realistic graphics , the characters of Heavy Rain are put into dire situations that completely plausible , including a particular scene where one main character , Madison , is forced to do a strip tease .
The footage below is completely uncensored , so watch at your own discretion .
And let us know how much you liked it in the comment section below .
Welcome Redditors !
Thanks for visiting !
We 're HUGE supporters of Reddit these days .
If you 've come to purchase a Reddit Alien soap , or Reddit Envelope Soaps , we think that 's awesome .
If you 're here to do some holiday shopping , you can check out our great line of holiday soaps and gift baskets !
If you want fun and awesome ways to stay clean , check out our soaps by the slice .
And if you want to smell like bacon ...
WE CAN HELP YOU !
All of our soaps by the slice ( except for our Goat 's Milk Soaps ) and our Soapier Accent line are made with vegetable glycerin !
If you have n't read the Soapier Reddit story , we suggest you visit our blog and read allllll about it .
Thanks for visiting !
Thanks for being a Redditor ... and thanks for supporting both of our sites !
Oh , and if you have n't signed up for our newsletter , you can do so , right there on the left side of this page .
John @ Soapier
stilesjp - Reddit handle
The Alabama Banking Department took over Colonial Bank at 5 p.m. today , saying it had appointed the
FDIC
( Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. ) as receiver of the bank effective immediately .
BB&T Corp. of North Carolina will acquire Colonial through an agreement with the FDIC .
All deposit accounts of Colonial have been transferred to BB&T and are available immediately .
Colonial was Alabama 's second - largest bank , with more than $ 25 billion in assets and 346 branches across Alabama , Florida , Georgia , Nevada and Texas .
The bank has been struggling for months , and there 's been a rapid - fire progression of bad news in recent days .
On top of five consecutive quarterly losses totaling $ 1.6 billion , Colonial also is facing regulatory and criminal investigations , as well as a $ 1 billion - plus lawsuit filed by Bank of America Corp .
this week .
BB&T , meanwhile , has shown strength during the past year 's financial crisis .
Regarded as a regional power , the company has assets valued at more than $ 152 billion and banking operations in North Carolina , South Carolina , Virginia , West Virginia , Kentucky , Georgia , Maryland , Tennessee , Florida , Indiana and Washington D.C .
BB&T also has a small presence in Alabama , but the acquisition of Colonial will give it extensive operations in the state .
Such a move is among the best possible outcomes for Colonial 's troubles , since many of its operations could stay intact , industry observers have noted .
BB&T has about 29,000 employees , while Colonial 's workforce stands at more than 4,500 .
Auburn University trustee and football booster Bobby Lowder founded Colonial in 1981 with the acquisition of a single Birmingham bank and $ 161 million in assets .
Its growth was bolstered by more than 60 acquisitions over the years .
But Lowder quit as CEO this year after shares fell 92 percent amid plummeting losses on construction and real - estate loans made in Florida and Las Vegas just before the housing market meltdown in 2006 .
Meanwhile , the Justice Department is conducting a fraud probe at one of Colonial 's division , a Florida mortgage operation .
The bank on Tuesday said it will miss a deadline to file a second - quarter financial report with the Securitieis and Exchange Commission amid irregularities uncovered during that investigation that are related to more than one year 's audited financial statements .
In addition , the SEC is investigating Colonial 's accounting for loan loss reserves and the bank 's disclosures about participation the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
In its lawsuit , Bank of America claims Colonial is holding more than $ 1 billion in cash and loans as a custodian for Ocala Funding Inc .
The number of branches was corrected at 8:18 p.m. to 346 .
A semi-short post tonight for everyone on the heels of the 15 - 0 three inning beatdown the Hamfighters ’ mens squad took this evening .
A brief memo / PSA to the team we played ; it is called a “ D ” league for a reason , we ’re just out there to have fun and get together so please go find another league .
Anyway , in the last week there has been a relatively steady stream of players being designated for assignment or giving their outright release .
Here is the rundown :
Today the Indians DFA ’d 28 year old RHP - Jose Veras who has already been through this once before as the Yankees DFA ’d him back in June before Cleveland picked him up .
In 38.2 IP this season he has a 6.52 ERA , 1.500 WHIP , 1.13 SO / BB , and an ERA + of 68 .
who has already been through this once before as the Yankees DFA ’d him back in June before Cleveland picked him up .
In 38.2 IP this season he has a 6.52 ERA , 1.500 WHIP , 1.13 SO / BB , and an ERA + of 68 .
Also today the Padres officially released 28 year old RHP - Mark Prior who has n’t pitched in the majors since 2006 .
It is a shame to see such a bright star burn out so quickly .
In 657.0 career innings pitched , Prior had a 3.51 ERA , 1.225 WHIP , 10.4 SO/9 and a 123 ERA +.
who has n’t pitched in the majors since 2006 .
It is a shame to see such a bright star burn out so quickly .
In 657.0 career innings pitched , Prior had a 3.51 ERA , 1.225 WHIP , 10.4 SO/9 and a 123 ERA +.
The Mariners DFA ’d 33 year old utility player Chris Woodward today .
In his 10 year ML career he has played every position except C and P while sporting a career line of 0.243/.298/.371 .
Woodward is the inferior version of Willie Bloomquist and he spent 2008 playing for the Atlanta Braves so you ’d think he ’d be on Dayton Moore ’s radar .
Fortunately for Royals fans , Woodward does n’t have any speed so GMDM wo n’t consider him ( see linked article at the end of this post ) .
Even without speed , Woodward ’s versatility and 0.298 career OBP probably looks awfully tempting to the Royals front office .
The big question here is why did the Mariners get rid of Willie Bloomquist and try to replace him with Chris Woodward ?
Then again who am I to judge the decision making of a team 3 games above .500 ?
today .
In his 10 year ML career he has played every position except C and P while sporting a career line of 0.243/.298/.371 .
Woodward is the inferior version of Willie Bloomquist and he spent 2008 playing for the Atlanta Braves so you ’d think he ’d be on Dayton Moore ’s radar .
Fortunately for Royals fans , Woodward does n’t have any speed so GMDM wo n’t consider him ( see linked article at the end of this post ) .
Even without speed , Woodward ’s versatility and 0.298 career OBP probably looks awfully tempting to the Royals front office .
The big question here is why did the Mariners get rid of Willie Bloomquist and try to replace him with Chris Woodward ?
Then again who am I to judge the decision making of a team 3 games above .500 ?
Yesterday the Rays released year old RHP - Wade Townsend .
Interesting note about Wade , is that he was selected 8th overall in both the 2004 and 2005 drafts , I ’m guessing he is in select company with that achievement .
Injuries derailed his career and limited him to just 211.1 in 4 minor league seasons .
He failed to pitch beyond double - A and has a career minor league ERA of 5.58 .
.
Interesting note about Wade , is that he was selected 8th overall in both the 2004 and 2005 drafts , I ’m guessing he is in select company with that achievement .
Injuries derailed his career and limited him to just 211.1 in 4 minor league seasons .
He failed to pitch beyond double - A and has a career minor league ERA of 5.58 .
On August 1st , the Mets DFA ’d 33 year old C - Robinson Cancel .
In 16 season in the minors , he has hit 0.262/.321/.374 but only 0.213/.260/.287 in 94 ML
at bats .
.
In 16 season in the minors , he has hit 0.262/.321/.374 but only 0.213/.260/.287 in 94 ML
at bats .
The Seattle Mariners also chose August 1st as the day to DFA 29 year old 1B - Chris Shelton .
In 5 seasons , and 930 ML at bats , he has hit 0.273/.345/.457 with 37 HR and an respectable OPS + of 110 .
Shelton has not been a useful ML player since 2006 , and the one thing the Royals do n’t need is another 1B / DH option .
.
In 5 seasons , and 930 ML at bats , he has hit 0.273/.345/.457 with 37 HR and an respectable OPS + of 110 .
Shelton has not been a useful ML player since 2006 , and the one thing the Royals do n’t need is another 1B / DH option .
On August 1st the Indians DFA ’d two bullpen arms .
32 year old RHP - Winston Abreu and 28 year old LHP - Mike Gosling .
Abreu has a career ERA + of 59 , and a 2009 ERA + of 43 .
Gosling on the other hand has a 2009 ERA + of 67 , but a career mark of 95 .
In 3 of the previous 4 seasons , he was basically a league average reliever .
He ’s probably not worth taking a chance on , but of all the players mentioned here he could actually help a team down the stretch .
and 28 year old .
Abreu has a career ERA + of 59 , and a 2009 ERA + of 43 .
Gosling on the other hand has a 2009 ERA + of 67 , but a career mark of 95 .
In 3 of the previous 4 seasons , he was basically a league average reliever .
He ’s probably not worth taking a chance on , but of all the players mentioned here he could actually help a team down the stretch .
On July 30th , the Atlanta Braves released 29 year old RHP - Jeff Bennett , but he did n’t go long without a job .
On Saturday August 1st he was signed by the Tampa Bay Rays .
Most of his numbers are terrible ; 9.2 H/9 and 4.0 BB/9 , but Bennett has a career 3.93 ERA and 109 ERA +.
Might have been worth a look considering the dreadful state of the Royals bullpen .
Of course since he was released , he was free to sign with another team and given the chance to join the Rays or the Royals …
, but he did n’t go long without a job .
On Saturday August 1st he was signed by the Tampa Bay Rays .
Most of his numbers are terrible ; 9.2 H/9 and 4.0 BB/9 , but Bennett has a career 3.93 ERA and 109 ERA +.
Might have been worth a look considering the dreadful state of the Royals bullpen .
Of course since he was released , he was free to sign with another team and given the chance to join the Rays or the Royals … Also on July 30th , the Houston Astros released 35 year old RHP - Russ Ortiz .
He had a nice run as a starter from 1998 to 2004 , but since then he has been on the Sidney Ponson career path .
Not surprisingly , he remains unsigned .
There is still no update on RHP - Ryan Speier who was DFA ’d by the Colorado Rockies on July 24th .
I came across an interesting post on MLB Trade Rumors.com regarding players who might be moved prior to August 31st via waiver deals .
This basically amounts to throwing a bunch of names against the wall to see what sticks , but since several Royals are listed I thought I would mention it .
Click here and enjoy the speculation .
Finally , and I almost hate to close on this note , Dick Kaegel posted an article on MLB.com today titled , Royals plan did n’t pan out this season .
Aside from the title being gross understatement , the quotes from Moore and Hillman contained within make me want to cry and vomit at the same time .
My brother - in - law , BWalt , calls it “ cromiting ” and if a better term exists to describe my feelings , I have n’t found it .
Speaking of descriptions , delusional just does n’t do the dynamic duo of Hillman and Moore at this point .
I ’d react more to this article , but my brain just ca n’t handle it right now .
Maybe in a few days …
From the Wall Street Journal .
Related : European views on global warming higher than USA .
A new poll out today on Americans ’ attitudes about climate change presents sobering findings for those that favor aggressive action to curb U.S. emissions of greenhouse gases .
The survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press finds a sharp decline over the past year in the percentage of Americans who see solid evidence that global temperatures are rising .
According to the survey , conducted between Sept. 30 and Oct. 4 among 1,500 adults reached on cell phones and landlines , fewer respondents also see global warming as a very serious problem ; 35 % say that today , down from 44 % in April 2008 .
The survey also points to a decline in the proportion of Americans who say global temperatures are rising as a result of human activity .
Just 36 % say that currently , down from 47 % last year .
Not everything in the poll is bad news for those that favor capping U.S. emissions .
According to the survey , a majority ( 56 % ) of Americans think the United States should join other countries in setting standards to address global climate change , while 32 % say that the United States should set its own standards .
And half of Americans favor setting limits on carbon emissions and making companies pay for their emissions , even if this may lead to higher energy prices .
On the other hand , more than half ( 55 % ) say they have n’t heard about so - called “ cap and trade ” legislation being considered in Congress .
( Then again , Sen . John Kerry says he does n’t know what “ cap and trade ” means , either . )
The poll ’s findings come just days before the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works is scheduled to hold hearings on legislation that calls for cutting U.S. emissions 20 percent beneath 2005 levels by 2020 .
They also coincide with the release of a new Government Accountability Office study that says most federal , state and local officials have not yet taken steps to adapt to the impacts of global warming that America can expect .
Not surprisingly , opponents and supporters of carbon caps have very different takes on the poll ’s findings .
“ Perhaps the most interesting finding in this poll , aside from the precipitous drop in the number of Independents who believe global warming is a problem , is that the more Americans learn about cap - and - trade , the more they oppose cap - and - trade , ” says Sen. James Inhofe ( R. , Okla . ) , a longtime skeptic of climate - change warnings .
Daniel Weiss at the left - leaning Center for American Progress , says the findings point to the effectiveness of “ right - wing media personalities ” in “ distorting science while the mainstream media remains trapped in its ‘ he said , she said ’ narrative ” about the science .
Andrew Kohut , president of the Pew Research Center , says he ’s a little surprised by the decline in the percentage of respondents who see solid evidence of global warming .
On the other hand , Mr. Kohut said , “ we have since the onset of the recession seen people giving lower priority to environmental issues ” in polls .
Overall , Mr. Kohut says the disposition of most Americans appears to be “ to want to do something ” about climate change , “ but it ’s not as sharp as it would be in a different economic climate . ”
The nation 's leading business trade association is not a happy camper about a parody site that has rewritten its controversial position on climate change legislation .
Attorneys for the United States Chamber of Commerce have issued a Digital Millennium Copyright
Act takedown demand notice against the latest prank by the Yes Men , that self - described " genderless , loose - knit association of some 300 impostors worldwide who agree their way into the fortified compounds of commerce " — and then unleash the clowns of public relations war .
But lawyers from the Electronic Frontier Foundation are telling the Chamber to cool off about the whole affair .
What 's the furor about ?
The Yes Men staged a fake press conference this week at the National Press Club in Washington .
A " Yes Man " calling himself " Hingo Sembra " actually took to the podium in front of reporters to announce the Chamber 's shift on climate change , only to have the whole spectacle turn truly bizarre when a real Chamber official showed up .
According to CBS
News , " The press conference began normally but dissolved into a surreal scene when a legitimate Chamber official burst into the event , having heard about it from a reporter , and exclaimed that ' Sembra ' was a phony .
The activist holding the press conference then called the Chamber official , Eric Wohlschlegel , a fake and demanded his business card . "
The Yes Men also went all - out to create a new Chamber of Commerce website , complete with a faux statement by the group 's CEO , Thomas J. Donahue , that does a full about - face on the Chamber 's notorious opposition to proposed greenhouse gas reduction laws .
In his new , improved , rather long - winded , and completely fabricated Yes Men ghostwritten speech , Donahue now warns that the business community needs to " remember Lehman Brothers , a committed , solid member of this Chamber , who in the interest of short - term gain scuttled a century .
They ate lamb , but were left without wool when the cold , hard winter set in . "
The phony address acknowledges that in the recent past the Chamber has " tried to keep climate science from interfering with business . "
But now the group sees the light .
" Without a stable climate , there will be no business .
We need business more than we need relentlessly higher returns . "
As a result , " the Chamber expects to welcome back companies that have recently defected over our climate stance , " faux Donahue predicts .
Fundamental differences
That reference is no joke , actually .
Pacific Gas and Electricity , among other utility companies , has dropped its membership in the Chamber of Commerce for real .
Its Chairman and CEO Peter Darbee cited " fundamental differences " with the trade association over climate change , not to mention being grossed out by a Chamber Vice President 's comments likening concerns that global warming will endanger public health to opposition to Darwinian evolution in the 1920s .
William Kovacs recently said he wanted an " on - the - record " government proceeding on the question , something akin to " the Scopes monkey trial of the 21st century . . . evolution versus creationism . "
Companies like Apple have also left the Chamber in recent weeks over the issue .
Meanwhile , the bogus site even comes with a fraudulent celebratory press release about Donahue 's fake turnaround speech .
The Chamber has announced " an immediate moratorium on lobbying and publicity work opposing climate legislation , " it happily proclaims .
Needless to say , the real Mr. Donahue and company are not amused .
On Monday , the Chamber declared that " public relations hoaxes undermine the genuine effort to find solutions on the challenge of climate change , " and promised to take action against the gag .
On Tuesday , Chamber attorneys lobbed their takedown letter over to the Yes Men's ISP , Hurricane Electric [ see update below ] , noting that the joke site is chock full of logos , images , and designs associated with the real group .
And do n't forget , the letter to Hurricane puffed , that the real group is " well known within the United States , " and a recent poll proclaimed it " among the top five best - known and respected organizations in Washington , DC . "
So get that satirical website down by Thursday , Chamber lawyers warned , and cancel your accounts with those nasty Yes Men .
" We are sure you can understand our clients ' concerns , " the letter concludes .
No we can't , responded EFF attorney Matthew Zimmerman on Thursday , citing fair use and parody rights .
" Further , to the extent that it utilizes copyrightable materials of the Chamber , the Parodic Site uses no more than necessary for purposes of the parody , " the letter notes .
What the Yes Men have created " is plainly not a substitute for the original , " EFF argues .
It is , however , a lot more fun , and very early this morning it was still up and running .
Correction and update
The May First / People Link group writes in to point out that it is the Yes Men 's site provider , Hurricane Electric being May First 's upstream provider .
According to May First , HE demanded that the group pull the Yes Men site .
When it refused , HE placed over 400 of the organization 's sites off - line .
" We moved the site to another of our servers , driven by another of our upstream providers , " Alfredo Lopez of May First tells us , " and demanded that HE return us to service and , after an hour and a half of down time , they did that .
We do not remove sites from circulation because of political content . "
Economic stimulus plans have not been green enough Commission report says member states have missed opportunities to improve the environment .
EU governments have missed chances to improve the environment and boost their economies at the same time , according to an assessment of their economic stimulus plans by the European Commission .
The most glaring missed “ opportunities ” that the report found were in recycling and the treatment of waste , more efficient use of water and nature conservation .
Only five member states ( Finland , France , Malta , the Netherlands and the UK ) have plans for greener waste and water treatment as part of their recovery plans .
Four countries ( Estonia , France , Malta and the UK ) are using their economic stimulus plans to reduce waste , and two mentioned nature conservation in their plans – Denmark wants to increase its conservation zone by 75,000 hectares and the Maltese government has introduced a tree - planting scheme .
The report said that “ most ” member states have used the crisis to develop a greener economy and tackle climate change , but that “ efforts vary widely ” .
While the French government devoted more than a fifth ( 21 % ) of its recovery plan to green activities , the Italians used just 1.3 % .
In between are Germany ( 13 % ) , the UK ( 6.9 % ) and Spain ( 5.8 % ) .
The average for other EU states is 2 % .
These figures , cited in the Commission report , come from a study by the bank HSBC .
In contrast , the US is using 17 % of its economic recovery plan to finance green measures .
In China the proportion of green spending is 34 % and in South Korea it is 69 % .
Senior Commission officials have expressed concern that the EU is lagging behind its commercial rivals .
Last month Karl Falkenberg , the director - general of the Commission ’s environment department ( whose officials carried out the study ) , said that : “ Europe could have done better so far …competitors are more vigorously using the crisis to spend on strengthening the environment . ”
But the report avoids such conclusions .
It also says that the quality and efficiency of the green stimulus efforts cannot be assessed because of limited information .
The report also found that :
● Energy efficiency is the most popular form of green action for EU governments .
Nearly all countries have opted for measures aimed at renovating public buildings and / or private homes in a more eco-friendly way .
Other building policies include France ’s zero -rate loan for people buying or building low - energy homes and Malta ’s plans to give away low - energy lightbulbs to all families .
● More than half of EU member states are using taxes or fiscal incentives to promote green behaviour .
The Netherlands has changed how cars are taxed , so liability is based on carbon dioxide emissions rather than price , while Ireland plans incentives to boost the take - up of electric cars .
● 13 countries have introduced or are planning car - scrapping schemes based on emissions - related criteria , although these vary in ambition .
French and Spanish consumers can receive subsidies for cars emitting 160 grams of CO2 per kilometre or less - the current average of emissions from new cars .
In contrast , Portuguese and Italian consumers have to buy cars emitting no more than 140 grams of CO2 per kilometre to qualify for a subsidy .
● 19 countries plan to increase the amount of renewable energy they produce , with wind turbines the most popular choice .
● Improving transport infrastructure is a priority for more than half of EU member states .
Denmark and Finland are building more cycle lanes , Belgium is spending money on new tram and metro lines and Germany , France and Malta are improving ports and canals .
Even more countries are making improvements to their railways .
The report was written at the request of EU environment ministers and presented to them at an informal meeting in Åre , Sweden , that finished today ( 25 July ) .
When I visited Coney Island a few weeks ago , I could n't help but think of The Warriors .
Unfortunately , there was no sign of gang activity ... although there will be on Aug. 29 .
A friend of mine just pointed out Coney Island is hosting a Warriors reunion that will include a screening , Q&A and meet - and - greet session .
If you 're a fan of the 1979 cult flick and would n't mind taking a summer road trip , tickets are $ 20 ( and proceeds go to charity ) .
Star Michael Beck ( Swan ) will be there , along with Dorsey Wright ( Cleon ) , Brian Tyler ( Snow ) , Thomas G. Waites ( Fox ) , Terry Michos ( Vermin ) and Apache Ramos ( Orphan ) .
Want more Warriors ?
Dabel Brothers has been publishing fun comic - book adaptations of the film , and they just launched The Warriors : Jailbreak , a series that picks up where the movie left off .
The publisher has also made its Warriors comics available on the iPhone and other mobile devices .
What 's next ?
Well , I 'd like to see The Warriors on Netflix / Hulu .
That way , we can get a Baseball Furies fix anytime we need it .
In this combination photo , Actor Orlando Bloom ( L ) attends a meeting with city officials in Sarajevo August 12 , 2008 , and British actor Daniel Craig waves to Japanese fans as he arrives at the Japanese premiere for his latest James Bond movie " Quantum of Solace " in Tokyo November 25 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Damir Sagolj / Issei Kato
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
Why do some women ’s hearts race over the feminine features of Orlando Bloom while others are more attracted to macho men like Daniel Craig ?
Being on the contraceptive pill could be the reason , according to British scientists .
Researchers said that women whose hormones are chemically controlled are less likely to seek out muscular , rugged men .
Whereas , they say , ovulating women not on the pill “ exhibit a preference for more masculine features , are particularly attracted to men showing dominance and male - male competitiveness and prefer partners who are genetically dissimilar to themselves . ”
Women on the pill tend to pick more effeminate men who look like themselves .
This could lead to problems conceiving , according to the study conducted at the University of Sheffield .
“ There is evidence that genetic similarity between couples might be linked with infertility , ” said the study , published in the Trends in Ecology and Evolution medical journal .
The birth control pill could also throw a spanner in the works of the laws of natural attraction as it prevents women giving off monthly fertility signals believed to be subtly alluring to men .
“ Ovulation is associated with a profound shift in some female physical characteristics , behaviors and perceptions related to male attraction , ” the report said .
The system can be powered by wind or solar energy , as well as electricity A new vertical method for growing crops which claims to use less land and only 5 % of the water usually needed is being piloted at a Devon zoo .
The system grows plants in trays of water moving on a conveyor belt .
The company behind it , Valcent , based in Launceston , Cornwall , said it was a sustainable solution to the world 's " rapidly - diminishing resources . "
Paignton Zoo is planning to use it to grow herbs , leaf vegetables and fruit as food for its animals .
This could be especially helpful in urban areas
Professor Jules Pretty , University of Essex
The hydroponic system rotates the plants on a conveyor belt via a " feeding station " to create airflow and stimulate growth .
According to Chris Bradford , managing director of Valcent , a 100sq - metre machine , like the one installed at Paignton Zoo , can grow up to 11,200 plants , which , he says , is 20 times more than could be grown conventionally in a field covering the same area .
He said : " The world population is growing , food supply is shrinking , water supplies are becoming more limited , food production is competing for land with housing and the production of fuel crops .
We have to make better use of available land . "
The zoo is growing crops to feed the animals
The system is designed to be " eco-friendly " using solar power or wind energy , with the water used to grow the plants being recycled .
" It does n't require a green field site so it can be used in urban areas , in warehouses and in deserts , " Mr Bradford explained .
Kevin Frediani , Paignton zoo 's curator of plants and gardens , said : " We can grow more plants in less room using less water and less energy .
" It will help to reduce food miles and bring down our annual bill for animal feed , which is currently in excess of £ 200,000 a year . "
Jules Pretty , Professor of Environment & Society at the University of Essex , said the vertical crop system seemed like a " welcome innovation " but was still a " relatively high energy user . "
" This could be especially helpful in urban areas , but is unlikely to be applied in remote rural communities of developing countries where many problems of hunger remain , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I ’ve never worked in a corporate office , but I ’m pretty sure this is what it ’s like .
Everything is shouted , everyone rides unicorns .
— — –
I ’m back home now .
Hope you enjoyed the Double Ray Weeks .
Ray has entered a crazy new dentist - related phase of his life and I ’ve been out of the country for a month and a half , so apolgies if you ’ve sent us an email and we have n’t replied yet .
We ’ll try to rectify that ASAP !
For now imagine that we ’re giving you an apologetic high - five .
Over the internet .
- Alex
JP Morgan Chase signalled today that City firms are preparing to make huge bonus payments after it kicked off the US bank reporting season by smashing profit expectations .
The bank revealed it had set aside $ 7.3 bn ( £ 4.6 bn ) in the third quarter to pay staff , taking the total remuneration pot for the first nine months of the year to $ 21bn , 23 % more than at the same time last year .
The admission by JP Morgan Chase that it was preparing to raise bonuses came as Goldman Sachs was expected to report that it too was enjoying a bumper year and its bonus pool could reach $ 22bn .
Mounting expectations that bankers are looking forward to huge pay cheques barely a year after the banking system was bailed out by governments across the world have forced the biggest payers in the City to capitulate to government demands to adopt the G20 principles on pay .
After a meeting with City minister Lord Myners in the Treasury a dozen international banks agreed to support the reforms to pay structures that would require bonuses to be spread over three years and clawed back if profitable deals turned sour later .
Three European banks which are not regulated directly by the Financial Services Authority but which have large City operations – BNP Paribas , Deutsche Bank and Société Générale – also agreed to sign up to the principles .
The banks , which included Goldman Sachs , JP Morgan and Bank of America Merrill Lynch , issued a joint statement in which they pledged to " work with the FSA and regulators in our home countries in adopting the reforms , recognising that all G20 nations have also committed to their implementation to ensure a level playing field " .
But this does not mean that the banks will cap the size of payouts .
The figures from JP Morgan showed that the bonus pool from which staff would be paid was being hugely inflated by revenues from the bond markets , spurred by the need of governments to pay for bank bailouts .
Research by the Wall Street Journal showed that employees at JP Morgan were expected to earn an average of $ 133,971 this year .
At Goldman Sachs the estimate is even higher , with average pay expected to be $ 743,112 .
Jamie Dimon , chief executive of JP Morgan , insisted that the bank 's guidelines already followed the G20 strictures .
" We 're committed to treating each individual properly , " said Dimon .
The prospect of big financial services payouts has infuriated unions .
Speaking at a London conference on private equity today TUC leader Brendan Barber said : " I would question the 2 % management fee and 20 % cut of profits that has allowed an elite in the industry to do very well .
" There is also a question of tax .
It was one of private equity 's senior figures who said he paid less tax than his cleaner .
It is still the case that private equity people pay capital gains and that represents less tax than a cleaner pays .
" This is not just about the industry improving its public relations .
It is also about substance and how much the industry has really changed . "
JP Morgan was the first of four major US banks to report third - quarter figures this week .
Goldman and Citi report on Thursday and Bank of America Merrill Lynch on Friday .
JP Morgan 's net profits of $ 0.82 a share in the three months to 30 September were much greater than Wall Street 's expectations of $ 0.49 - $ 0.51 .
Dimon credited " broad - based growth " across JP Morgan 's investment banking , asset management , commercial banking and retail banking operations .
But he also warned that consumers were finding it increasingly hard to repay loans , particularly on credit cards , where the bank expected to lose " a lot of money " .
" While we are seeing some initial signs of consumer credit stability , we are not yet certain that this trend will continue , " said Dimon , who repaid government bailout money three months ago .
JP Morgan set aside another $ 2bn to cover future losses on personal loans .
Provisions for credit card losses grew to $ 5bn , more than double the amount put aside a year ago .
Its retail banking arm made a bad - debt provision of almost $ 4bn to cover consumer loans that turn sour , up from $ 3.85 bn three months ago .
The overall strong performance was partly due to a $ 400 m " write - up " on the value of JP Morgan 's legacy leveraged lending and mortgage - related assets .
JP Morgan 's investment banking arm made net profits of $ 1.92bn , while commercial banking made $ 341 m .
However , the large provisions against credit losses meant that retail banking made a net profit of just $ 7 m , while the credit card arm lost $ 700m .
It ’s hard to find someone who does n’t like the film , “ Mr. Smith Goes To Washington . “
Besides the fact that Americans seem to love an underdog …we also seem to agree that our elected officials should do the following :
1 – Tell us the truth .
2 – Listen to what we do / do n’t want .
3 – Realize what we do / do n’t need .
4 – Fight for us .
When presented with exactly that kind of legislator , on the silver screen , we cheer …our eyes tear up … and part of us says , “ That ’s what we want . ”
Then …we give up on it .
We have grown all too accustomed to our elected officials taking money , playing politics , lying to us , and otherwise distorting the truth for either partisan interests or special interests .
We abandon our idealistic hopes for honest , principled leaders … and try our best to judge simply “ the lesser of evils . “
We barely flinch at a new headline about a senator ( who preached “ character ” and “ morality ” ) propositioning men in an airport bathroom …we calmly listen as we are told that the senator holding the fate of health care reform in his hands , has received millions from the health care industry .
Do we clamor for their removal ?
Do we vote them out of office ?
No…in fact , we are more likely to re-elect them again , and again , and again .
That ’s why , it should be refreshing to all to see a freshman congressman stand on the floor of the House , and say this :
If you ’re like me , you watched this whole clip , including the interview … and then you went back and watched the speech again .
His name is Alan Grayson , freshman representative from the state of Florida .
And yes , he ’s wearing a bad suit … and yes , he ’s obviously got a quirky sense of humor …and yes , he ’s a Democrat .
And none of that should matter … because he ’s reminding us what truly DOES matter .
If we ’ve forgotten … and have been lulled into thinking it ’s about who looks prettier …or who gives folksier sounding soundbytes for the camera…or who can instill the most fear in us …then THIS shall serve as our wake up call .
This is the kind of representative we should expect in BOTH parties , Republican AND Democrat .
This is the kind of representative we should be electing in ALL fifty states .
This …is the kind of voice that appears to be completely absent from the top leadership of both parties in Congress .
Most of us would trade away Reid , Pelosi , Boehner , and McConnell …for just ONE Alan Grayson .
Apparently …many agree .
Grayson ’s first speech to catch national attention , can be seen here … and afterwards his website was flooded with visits , AND donations .
People who do n’t even live in Florida are now closely following , and supporting , Grayson ’s bid for re-election .
People who do n’t even know the names of their OWN senators and representatives , know HIS name .
Why ?
Because what he said in the speech … is true : when appealing to the better angels of our nature , we really do n’t care about policies , or procedures , or personalities , or even our representatives ’ itty bitty feelings .
And as jaded as we have become , all it takes is one elected official behaving as we would hope they all would … and we start cheering for the underdog again .
Thank you , Alan Grayson .
Thank you , for being honest , and cutting through all the semantics , and procedural nonsense , and political hackery …to remind us that health care is , in fact , a simple issue .
Thank you for reminding us that people are dying , and the health insurance is failing us , and that some politicians … do n’t care .
Because , while it certainly stings to realize how little some of our representatives care … it is always inspiring to find one who REALLY does .
If you , like so many others , wish to support Grayson … perhaps to send the message to other politicians that this kind of honesty , real representation , and passion IS what we want … here ’s Grayson ’s website .
I think that this is a dreaded question for many programmers and others in fields with a scientific or mathematical bent .
How do you explain the full extent of what it is that you do and why it ’s valuable without being dismissed as just another creepy nerd ?
How do you fight the stereotype of unkempt basement - dwellers living with their parents , spending most of their time on the Internet because they ’re too socially awkward to interact with people in other settings ?
About a week ago there was a discussion about this on programming Reddit .
The original poster , a programmer , feels a sense of inferiority because while others can succinctly explain the “ awesome ” in what they ’re doing , he cannot .
I sympathize with this sentiment .
I love what I do but how do I transfer that passion without drowning the other person in the technical details ?
It feels like without the finer , technical details , my job description becomes distilled to “ I make websites . ”
Really ?
That ’s it ?
That ’s what I do for a living ?
But is the problem really that what we ’re doing is n’t interesting to the layperson ?
Web developers built Google , Facebook , MySpace , Wikipedia , and many more technologies that people use every day .
We are building cool web applications that , while they might not gain the same degree of popularity or critical mass , can potentially provide just as much value .
If we did n’t think that web development was an awesome career , a lot of us probably would n’t be doing it .
( And by the way , if you ’re making money doing something you have absolutely no passion for , you might want to try and fix that .
� � Just sayin’ . )
So why do we have difficulty getting people to identify with this ?
��Perhaps this comment from the Programming Reddit discussion might shed some light on the topic ( emphasis mine ) :
Obnoxious braying girl : ( To me and a friend ) Oh , i bet i can guess what you do !
go on , let me !
( Obnoxious braying girl makes a few guesses about my friend ’s job , eventually works out he does some sort of admin thing in publishing , polite words exchanged about this field )
Obnoxious braying girl : ( to me ) Hmm .. you ’re… a graphic designer ?
Me : hah !
god no OBG : A journalist ?
Me : Well , that does sound like fun , but no ( back and forth for a bit until she eventually asks me what i do Me : ( in jokey , self deprecating tone ) – I ’m a massive nerd , basically – I program computers and make websites for people OBG : oh , right … ( she stares down into her drink ) Me : ( trying to salvage this conversation ) – so , and what do you do ?
OBG : Oh , i work at a corporate events company !
it ’s really exciting , basically we… .
Cue 15 minutes of skull - numbingly boring monologue about basically being a travel - agent for corporations .
It puzzles me though – why is anyone who does n’t work with computers given licence to go on and on about their job ( Despite the fact that asking people about work is basically a social nicety and not interesting at all to anyone socially ) , wheras anyone whose interests ( whether work based or not ) include anything technology or science - based are automatically percieved as boring socially - inept people who ca n’t talk about anything else ?
Fuck that shit – next time i’m introduced to someone I ’m going straight into explaining recursion .
There are a few things that one could criticize here but the point I ’ve decided to focus on here is the blatant self - deprecation .
If you read the rest of the comments in the discussion , you might notice , like I have , that this is actually surprisingly common ��� it ’s like many of us have been conditioned to believe that what we do is simply not interesting to a vast majority of people , so we might as well just say “ I do computer stuff ” and get it over with .
Alun Anderson , Editor - in - Chief of New Scientist magazine , would beg to differ ( emphasis mine again ) :
Science writing used to be slightly apologetic : [ puts on whiny voice ] “ this is all going to be terribly difficult , but I ’ll try and make it easy for you ” .
Like they ’ve sugar coated something you do n’t really want to take .
Our goal was to really change that – change the people and the ideas – to be self - confident .
Science often suffers from this sort of cringe factor – “ I ’m a boring scientist , you probably do n’t want to talk to me ” .
My policy was if you ’re talking to someone else the approach is : “ what ’s happening in science is the most interesting thing in the world , and if you do n’t agree with me just fuck off , because I ’m not interested in talking to you ” .
You had to have that kind of attitude .
That tended to be the kind of attitude of people in the arts : [ in snooty voice – think Brian Sewell ]
“ Of course I am doing something interesting ” , so I took the same attitude .
If you ’re not interested , I do n’t want to explain to you – you ’re just a fucking idiot , so get out of my way !
And it worked , because if you write like , “ I ’m really interested in this , it ’s not only interesting its really important .
If you ca n’t see this , you ’re probably a moron ! ”
It works .
It has to be true to a degree .
Otherwise it ’s just piped bullshit , or triumphalism or something .
The thing is , it is really interesting and important .
People from the sciences do often have massive inferiority complexes .
I believe that what I do is interesting , important , and valuable .
If I did n’t , I ’d be doing something else .
And so , I will endeavour to find a way to convey that value and importance and when someone asks me what I do , that is how I will answer .
Anyone who absolutely can’t identify with my passion for what I do is probably somebody I really would n’t like anyway .
Hello All ,
I wanted to share with you at the earliest opportunity the news that from November 15th you will be able to see Top Gear in its true colours .
Yes , after several hundred emails from you as to why you feel Top Gear needs to make the journey from the SD to the HD world , I can confirm that the team is now working with HD cameras on the new series .
You 've been very clear that this is a BBC programme that for you represents the best of what we do , and that you believe it is one of those series that can benefit most from HD .
I agree with you , and I 'm confident that the shift will ensure that the cars are glossier and faster than ever , and the presenters ... well , probably will look even more like their reflections in the mirror but we 'll all have to wait to judge .
I have said for some time now that what the BBC is aiming to do in HD is to extend the range of programming that is available , to showcase programmes that are loved in SD , and to explore the creative potential of the new technology .
Top Gear helps us to do all of this , but it's not the end of the BBC HD story , just one further link in the transition chain that will over time see the vast majority of programmes made by the BBC shifting into HD .
Meantime , steady yourselves and tell your friends .
Danielle Nagler is Head of BBC HD , BBC Vision
http://www.reuters.com/article/GCA-GreenBusiness/idUSTRE59B2OX20091012?sp=true
As reported in the above - linked Reuters article , at least one low - level government official recognizes that projected U.S. population growth will make America ’s goals for reducing carbon emissions much more difficult .
Brian O’Neill , a scientist at the U.S. National Center for Atmospheric Research , who also works at the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis in Austria , has correctly observed that projected population growth makes carbon emissions reductions more difficult for the U.S. compared to some other developed countries where their populations are stable or declining .
The leaders of the G8 nations have agreed to cut carbon emissions by 2050 by 80 % from their 1990 levels .
Some of these developed nations are expected to decline in population by 2050 , but not the U.S. , whose population is projected to be 60 % higher in 2050 ( at 400 million people ) , vs. its 1990 population of 250 million .
So an 80 % reduction in those emissions by 2050 would translate into a per capita reduction of 87.5 % for the U.S.
For nations whose populations are projected to decline , their per capita reductions would be less than 80 % .
This will translate into a lower standard of living for Americans than for other developed countries .
Why is O’Neill talking to Reuters correspondents about this ?
Is he a rogue low - level official speaking for himself ?
Or is he parroting thinking that he ’s heard at higher levels in his organization ?
Or is it possible that this is an intentional move by the Obama administration to inject the subject of population growth into the carbon emissions debate ?
If the latter is the case , then to what end is the administration broaching this subject ?
Two possibilities come to mind .
Since virtually all of our population growth is due to immigration , could it be that the administration is setting the stage for a dramatic change to immigration policy ?
The second possibility seems more likely to me – that the administration is trying to shift the focus of carbon emissions reductions to a per capita basis instead of total emissions .
If so , they may think that the U.S. can get some relief on its own emissions goals vis-a - vis other G8 nations , but there ’s a danger that such an approach could back - fire .
If total carbon emissions reductions are translated into a per capita basis , then it would be logical to apply the per capita figure evenly to all people of the world .
In such a scenario , U.S. emissions would have to be cut much further , since vast numbers of people already exist at far lower levels of per capita emissions , and population growth projections for many third world countries is even worse than the projections for the U.S.
In other words , if everyone gets to emit their fair share , then U.S. emissions will have to be cut much more drastically than 80 % , a level that many already believe is simply unattainable .
My interest in all of this is , of course , not so much reductions in carbon emissions , but the pressure that this subject brings to bear on the need to reduce our population .
Since economists do n’t understand that reductions in our population would actually have huge economic benefits , we ’ll all be better off in the end whether the impetus for population reductions is economic or some environmental concern .
The good news here is that , as much as environmentalists would like to keep the population factor below the radar , it ’s beginning to be openly discussed .
Finally , the article ends with a quote so egregious that I ca n’t let it pass without comment :
David Satterthwaite , of the International Institute for Environment and Development ( IIED ) , said … “ It ’s consumption that drives dangerous climate change , not population . ” …
“ There is at most a weak link between population growth and rising emissions of greenhouse gases . ”
Anyone who would make such a statement is being disingenuous , to put it mildly .
The rise in greenhouse gas emissions is directly related to the growth in population over the past couple of centuries .
Even a fifth - grader can understand that total emissions is a function of population times the average per capita emissions .
Only a fool would focus solely on per capita emissions while discounting the role of population growth .
Stabilizing and reducing our population is critical to achieving our goals for greenhouse gas emissions reductions .
If reduced enough , it could also have the side effect of providing a huge boost to the standard of living for everyone .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
A couple of days ago , the Netherlands and Germany were treated to a spectacular fireball , a very bright meteor burning up over their skies .
Photographer Robert Mikaelyan was at the right place at the right time and got tremendous photos of the bolide :
Wow !
Click through to see the series ; you can see the meteoroid breaking up as it slams through our air .
Robert took beautiful shots , especially given that he could n't have had more than a few seconds to get them ; things like this appear very suddenly and are gone in less than a minute at best .
The event took place around 19:00 local time and was probably witnessed by thousands of people .
I 'm totally jealous .
Also in the meteor news category , apparently scientists have verified that a piece of metal that fell through a UK man 's roof in July is in fact space debris of some kind -- meaning from a man-made object , not a natural meteorite .
The Daily Mail ( I know , barf ) has the story and a picture of the object .
Interestingly , the man claims the object was too hot to touch when it hit his house .
In general , meteorites from deep space are not hot , but this is a bit different ; it would have fallen from a decaying orbit , meaning a slower speed and a shallower angle as it came in at the top of the atmosphere .
I 'm not exactly sure why that would mean it would stay hot , but I 'll note it was n't hot enough to start a fire .
I 'll have to look into this further .
Tip o' the Whipple Shield to IVAN3MAN .
Image from Robert Mikaelyan used with permission .
David Simon appeared at the Edinburgh International TV Festival
The creator of highly - acclaimed hard - hitting TV drama
The Wire has said television can only be worthwhile when freed from the constraints of advertising .
David Simon was appearing at the Edinburgh International TV Festival .
He said : " Television as a medium , in terms of being literate and telling stories , has short - changed itself since its inception .
" That is because of advertising . "
Simon , whose work originates on US subscription cable channel HBO , said : " Only when television managed to liberate itself from the economic construct of advertising was there a real emancipation of story .
" American television up until the point of premium cable was about the interruptions every 13 minutes to sell you cars and jeans and whatever else . "
Sell products
He said the adverts became more important than the show .
" You had to bring the most number of eyeballs to that show and that meant dumbing down and making plots simple , gratifying people within the hour . "
He said they achieved this through the use of sex and " more stuff that blows up " .
Simon said HBO gave him 58 minutes where he was not interrupted by the need to sell products .
That meant he could concentrate on developing the story .
Simon , who appeared at an event hosted by TV critic Charlie Brooker , also said that ratings were of little importance to him .
" I do n't need everyone to watch , " he said .
" If you want to do your laundry and watch The Wire , or if you leave the room or carry on a conversation , I 'm going to lose you .
" I did lose those people and it was OK .
" HBO did not need the maximum number of eyeballs in every show . "
HBO came to the conclusion ratings no longer mattered
David Simon
He added : " If everybody has to watch a show then it can't really say anything .
" At some point you have to believe the story , not believe in the audience . "
He added that there were now a number of ways by which people could watch his programmes .
" In the fifth season we got the worst ratings ever and more people were watching the show , " Simon said .
" Nobody was tuning in to watch the premiere on a Sunday night .
" They were getting it on demand or they were waiting for the DVDs or they were getting it illegally off the bit torrent sites on the web .
" HBO came to the conclusion ratings no longer mattered .
TV had become , at this level , a lending library .
How you measure the impact of the show is a hard thing to do , " he said .
Simon , who claims not to be a TV person despite his success , said that The Wire had not changed anything in his home town of Baltimore .
" I do n't think there 's been an impact one way or another , " he said .
" I bring a true story to the campfire and then move on .
That 's enough . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bill Bonner is one of my favorite columnists .
On Friday he was discussing The Last Bear .
As they say on Wall Street , a rally ends when the last bear gives up .
An old friend had been a source of inspiration for tech bears for many years .
He suddenly saw the light and gave up in 1999 .
Shares he had formerly scorned – often dotcoms with no revenue and no business plans – were suddenly added to his own portfolio .
This also heralded a big change – the end of the tech bubble .
Tech stocks collapsed .
Most disappeared .
Then , Stephen Roach became vaguely bullish in 2007 , after a long period of doubt and misgivings .
Now it is Jim Grant who has changed his mind .
A generation of investors has gotten used to Grant ’s ‘ doom is nigh ’ warnings .
Now , he says , it ’s a boom that is nigh .
What is remarkable about the Grant conversion is that his vision gives off so little heat and light .
His WSJ article shillyshallies around ; rehearses the history of previous recessions and comes to rest in front of a flickering match : “ The deeper the slump , the zippier the recovery . ”
But facts are survivors .
They will tell whatever tale their interrogators want to hear .
As for opinions , after six months of a stock market rally , the once half empty glass has become half full .
We predicted it ourselves .
But we ’ll let Robert Prechter say , ‘ I told you so . ’
Even before the rally began , Prechter foretold its story :
“ Regardless of extent , it should generate feelings of optimism .
At its peak , the President ’s popularity will be higher , the government will be taking credit for successfully bailing out the economy , the fed will appear to have saved the banking system and investors will be convinced that the bear market is behind us . ”
As to Mr. Obama ’s popularity , Prechter was wrong .
But 4 out of 5 ai n’t bad .
What will happen next , we do n’t know .
But if we turn bullish on this economy and urge you to buy stocks , it will surely be time to sell them .
Enjoy your weekend ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
From Deflation to Inflation
Step by step , with little fanfare and great complacency , we are witnessing a fundamental , global shift that ’s rapidly transforming the investment scene :
The forces of deflation are temporarily receding ; and in the meantime , the forces of inflation threaten to roar back with a vengeance .
They are everywhere .
They could be overwhelming .
They must NOT be ignored …
Inflationary Forces
Inflationary Force # 1 : Never - Ending , Out - of - Control U.S. Federal Deficits
Inflationary Force # 2 : New Lows in the U.S. Dollar
Inflationary Force # 3 : U.S. Household Wealth Now Expanding Again
Inflationary Force # 4 : Exploding U.S. Money Supply
Here ’s a proposal : why not institute a tax on fast food to discourage its consumption and offset the medical expenses of obesity , high cholesterol , heart disease , etc. in the same way we currently tax tobacco products ?
Normally I believe LESS government is a good thing .
We ’re better off when we let the free market forces work uninhibited and keep the role of government to the most minimal scaffolding necessary to keep life civil .
But as it stands now we already use taxation to deal with substances that have harmful effects on our bodies .
We realized at some point that the tobacco companies were extracting massive wealth from the population and leaving behind polluted , illness - prone bodies , the cost of which was borne by the public .
So we shifted some of that financial burden to them in the form of tobacco taxes , and in so doing , not only generated revenue to cope with the problem ( cure ) but also deterred consumption through higher prices ( prevention ) .
If we determine that eating a Big Mac every day has similar health consequences to smoking a pack of cigarettes per day why would we not use economic incentives to address it ?
So far the hurdles and objections I can fathom are :
Aversion to more regulation : People do n’t want government to tell them what to eat .
It ’s a personal choice .
And agreed that it ’s little odd to think about assigning this almost parental - type role to government .
Aversion to more taxation :
Most people do n’t want more taxes of any kind .
Different opinions on nutrition :
The FDA got the food pyramid exactly upside down the first time around so it ’s hard to see them getting a more complex program such as this right .
Lobbying : MacDonald ’s would be none too happy about this and they would surely put up a fight .
The “ healthy eating ” lobby ( if one exists ) wields nowhere near the political power of the major fast food chains – it would be a tough battle to turn this into law .
Socioeconomic bias :
It could be easily argued that this tax would be paid disproportionately more by the lower class , the very ones who ca n’t afford it .
But if we could :
a ) realize that we ’re already using this exact strategy with tobacco .
b ) recognize that we ’re already bearing the costs of others ’ poor eating choices through a Medicare deduction on every paycheck and funding a program that spends a good amount on illnesses caused by bad eating habits .
c ) get a panel of independent nutritionists and economists to architect a plan that taxes based on saturated fat or some other measure of a food ’s detrimental health effects .
d ) slice through the lobbying issue by putting this up for a popular vote .
Put the plan itself on a wiki for max transparency and solicit the collaborative input of many .
e ) set up a program whereby food stamps count double on vegetables , fruits and other non-processed items so the lower class has an immediate healthy and affordable food option .
… that would be a step in the right direction .
Tax revenues from the program would be split between educational campaigns on nutrition and paying down the single largest debt obligation we have , Medicare .
You ’d start to see menus at fast food restaurants naturally gravitate towards less - processed foods .
Instead of letting large fast food chains get away with strip mining our nation ’s largest natural resource ( millions of people ) while leaving behind diseased bodies for someone else to deal with , they would be forced to either start serving healthier foods or to bear the true costs of their business .
Would you vote for such a tax if it were on a ballot ?
If not , explain your rationale .
How could it be modified to be more effective AND more palatable to voters ?
Let The Carnage Rain In MUA2
by David ' Hades ' Becker [ Saturday , 10th of October 2009 - 03:33 PM ]
This is about the fact they are adding in one of the best characters to join the good fight .
That character is Carnage .
That 's right !
Mother Fucking Carnage !
Another great villain with a great sense of humor to add to what Deadpool already brings .
Not to mention just looking awesome and creepy in general .
Just a great way to open up with DLC for this game .
There is still no word on when and for how much we will be getting Carnage for , but we do know that he does bring original moves , upgrades , and fusions to the table too .
Not just a new skin using Spiderman 's and Venom 's powers .
Just another awesome addition to the game .
If you need more proof , look at this .
If you need even more proof , look at these .
Glamour readers are fangirling like crazy over “ plus size ” model Lizzi Miller .
Miller turned heads in the latest issue because of the simple fact that she resembles most readers of the fashion mag .
Miller , 20 , is a size 12 - 14 and not even technically “ plus sized , ” but her curvy shape is still alien to the airbrushed pages even of slightly progressive Glamour magazine .
Grateful readers flooded Glamour with emails , prompting a blog post about “ the woman on p. 194 ” :
The emails were filled with such joy–joy at seeing a woman ’s body with all the curves and quirks and rolls found in nature .
( Raising a question :
With all the six - packs out there , do you even know what a normal belly looks like anymore–other than the one you see in the mirror ? )
And of the attention , Lizzi is grateful , too .
She says :
“ When I read them I got teary - eyed ! ” she says .
“ I ’ve been that girl , flipping through magazines trying to find just one person who looked a little bit like me .
And when I did n’t find it I would start to think there ’s something wrong with the way that I looked .
When J. Lo and Beyoncé came out and were making curves sexy , I started to accept myself more .
It ’s funny , but just seeing them look and feel sexy enabled me to do the same . ”
So what do you think ?
Does Lizzi Miller look fantastic or is this lowering standards for stick thinness industrywide ?
This Ladyboy ( shemale ) university is probably the first of his kind in the world .
The university is located in Bangkok , Thailand .
This is ...
ニキビ治療薬の通販～皮膚科の処方薬を手軽にネットで注文～
市販薬だと治りづらいニキビは皮膚科の処方薬で治す！
鏡に映ったニキビが気になる…成人してからポツポツとあらわれる大人ニキビに悩まされていませんか？
皮膚科で処方されるニキビ治療薬に比べると市販薬の効き目は“ かなり” 控えめ！
市販されているニキビの薬を試してみたけど、なかなか思うようには治らなかった。こんな経験をされたことはありませんか？薬局やドラッグストアにおいてある市販薬は、病院で処方される医薬品に比べて効き目が控えめで対応する症状も限定的です。
ニキビは、皮膚科や美容クリニックを受診して治療すべき「尋常性ざ瘡（じんじょうせいざそう）」という肌の病気です。皮膚科や美容クリニックで行われる一般的なニキビ治療では、肌の状態に応じて適したニキビ治療薬が処方されます。
皮膚科で処方されるニキビ治療薬はインターネットで注文できます。
仕事やプライベートで忙しく、皮膚科に通うスケジュールが確保できない方は少なくありません。そんなときに活用したいのが、皮膚科や美容クリニックで処方される医薬品の個人輸入を代行する「医薬品アットデパート（旧：＠通販）」です。
利用方法は一般的な通販サイトと同じで、通勤途中・ランチタイム・就寝前など24時間いつでも利用できます。海外の販売店から直接発送されるため、商品の配送には注文した日から数えて最短でも7日程度かかります。
ニキビ治療の世界標準となっているスタンダードな塗り薬
大人ニキビの治療には、毛穴の角質を取り除く薬や炎症を抑える薬が効果的です。
国内外の標準的なニキビ治療に使用されている治療薬は次のとおりです。どちらの薬も、炎症をおこす前のニキビと炎症をおこした後のニキビの両方に有効です。
通販で購入できるニキビ治療薬
ニキビの進行レベルは全部で5段階！
顔にできるニキビは全部で5つの段階を経て進行します。ニキビ肌の発生・悪化を防ぐためにも、まずは症状ごとの特徴をしっかりと把握しておきましょう。
第 1段階：白ニキ ビ
白ニキビとは、毛穴が角栓でフタをされ中に皮脂が溜まっている状態です。毛穴の周辺が炎症をもおこしておらずニキビの初症状であるため、正しい方法でケアすれば痕を残さずキレイに治せます。
白ニキビの治し方。毛穴の詰まりを取り除く3つのアプローチ
第 2段階：黒ニキ ビ
黒ニキビとは、毛穴の出口に顔を出した皮脂が空気に触れ表面が黒く酸化した状態です。毛穴に皮脂が溜まってから、ある程度の時間が経過している証拠であり、炎症をおこすかどうかの境目でもあります。
黒ニキビの治し方。厄介な “ 炎症ニキビ予備軍 ” の正しい撃退 法
第 3段階：赤ニキ ビ
赤ニキビとは、毛穴の中で原因菌が増殖し炎症をおこしている状態です。炎症によって毛穴周辺の組織がダメージを受けると、赤いシミや色素沈着をおこしやすくなります。
赤ニキビの治し方。炎症を素早く鎮める効率的な対処法
第 4段階：黄ニキ ビ
黄色ニキビとは、毛穴周辺の炎症が進み、化膿してしまった状態です。ニキビの原因菌が増殖することで膿が溜まり、ニキビの見た目が白から黄色っぽく変化します。高い確率でシミやクレーターといったニキビ痕が残ります。
黄ニキビの治し方。痕になりやすいニキビは潰さず治す！
第 5段階：紫ニキ ビ
紫ニキビとは、炎症と化膿を何度も繰り返し、毛穴の内部に血と膿が混ざって溜まっている状態です。紫ニキビのような極めて重症な症例は、時間をかけなければ治せません。適切な対処法を把握して、少しでも治療期間を短縮しましょう。
紫ニキビの治し方。限界まで悪化したニキビに有効な治療法
ニキビは何故できる？しっかり原因を把握して正しく対策
ニキビは毛穴の詰まりや皮脂が過剰に分泌されることによっておこります。では、それらがおこる理由は何なのか？ニキビ肌を根本から改善するには、原因を正しく把握することが大切です。
心や身体に多くのストレスがかかると毛穴の詰まりや皮脂の過剰分泌がおこります。
ストレスは美容の敵であることは誰もが認めるところであり、医学的にもニキビとの関連性は明らかにされています。しかし、具体的な理由まで正しく理解されている方は多くありません。ストレスによりニキビができるメカニズムを理解して、効率よく症状を改善させる糸口を掴みましょう。
ストレスによるニキビ発生のメカニズム
ニキビはビタミンの摂取量と消費量のバランスが崩れるとできやすくなります。
ニキビを改善するために欠かせない、ビタミン補給についての基礎知識を紹介しています。ニキビの改善に有効とされるビタミンも、補給の仕方を間違えると逆効果になる場合があります。1日も早く美肌を取り戻すためにも、ニキビとビタミンの関係性をしっかりと把握しておきましょう。
ニキビを招くビタミン不足を解消するための基礎知識
ホルモンバランスが乱れることでニキビの発生率は高まります。
人間の肌が正常に保たれているのは、男性ホルモン・女性ホルモンという大きく分けて2種類のホルモンがバランスよく分泌されているからです。このホルモンのバランスが乱れると、肌の新陳代謝や皮脂の分泌に悪影響を及ぼします。ニキビの根本原因となるホルモンバランスの乱れを整える方法について解説します。
肌の乾燥はニキビ発生のキッカケとなる毛穴の詰まりを誘発します。
肌の水分が不足し乾燥するとニキビを引きおこす毛穴の詰まりを誘発するため、肌を保湿することが重要なのです。保湿の方法を間違うと、肌の潤いを奪いニキビを悪化させたりシミをつくる原因になります。正しい保湿の仕方を今一度チェックしておきましょう。
炎症をおこしたニキビは毛穴の中で原因菌が繁殖することで発生します。
炎症性のニキビは、毛穴の中で原因菌が増殖することで発生します。顔と身体で主な炎症をおこす場所によって菌の種類が違います。ニキビ肌をキレイに治すには、炎症をおこしたニキビの発生や悪化を正しく防げるかどうかがカギとなります。そのためにも、ニキビを悪化させる原因菌の種類や特徴を事前に把握しておきましょう。
JAKARTA , Indonesia ( CNN ) --
At least 1,100 people are dead in Indonesia as a result of two large earthquakes in as many days , United Nations humanitarian chief John Holmes told reporters Thursday .
Family members mourn in front of a collapsed school in Padang on Thursday .
Hundreds more are believed to be injured , Holmes said .
" These numbers , I fear , will rise as more information becomes available , " he said .
" It 's still feared that thousands of people are trapped under damaged houses and many buildings . "
Telecommunications are difficult into the region , roads are cut off and the hardest - hit area , including the city of Padang , lacks power and other services , Holmes said .
Heavy rainfall also has hindered search and rescue efforts .
Corpses lay stacked outside hospitals in Padang as night fell Thursday , casting nearly the entire city in darkness .
The 6.6 magnitude quake Thursday hit South Sumatra ( 9:52 p.m. Wednesday ET ) , about 100 miles ( 160 km ) from Bengkulu , the U.S. Geological Survey said .
An earlier quake Wednesday had a magnitude of 7.6 .
Worst hit was the West Sumatran capital of Padang , where officials estimate 376 people perished .
Rustam Pakaya , the head of the Ministry of Health 's crisis center , said thousands of people may be trapped by collapsed buildings and houses .
Officials say casualties could surpass those of the massive Yogyakarta earthquake three years ago , given the intensity and the spread of the damage this week .
The second set of tremors Thursday only magnified the scope of the disaster .
In May 2006 , a 6.3 magnitude quake centered in the central Java city of Yogyakarta killed more than 5,000 people and triggered fears of an eruption of a nearby volcano .
Impact Your World See how you can make a difference
On Thursday , many people were wandering the streets of Padang " stunned and dazed , " said CNN 's Mark Phillips .
Some were searching the rubble for survivors , he said , but " there 's also a feeling that there are n't that many survivors left . "
Wednesday 's quake reduced buildings to rubble in Padang , a city of nearly 1 million .
People used hammers , chisels and bare hands to dig through debris .
Staff at a local hospital treated the injured outside the semi-collapsed building as bodies lay in makeshift morgues .
The earthquakes caused widespread power and phone outages , making it difficult for authorities and aid organizations to evaluate damage .
Thursday evening , the only light came from generators at Padang 's hospital and airport .
Several of the hospital 's buildings were severely damaged , said CNN's Dan Rivers .
Damage in the town itself was spotty ; some buildings remained intact near others in ruins .
In Padang , thousands of people slept outside Wednesday night for fear of more tremors , said Yenni Suryani of Catholic Relief Services .
She said rain fell Wednesday night and people are in desperate need of adequate shelter .
Amelia Merrick , the operations director for World Vision Indonesia , described the situation as " quite devastating . "
" Bridges have gone down , phone lines are in total disrepair , " she said .
" It 's difficult for us to assess the situation . "
Wayne Ulrich , the Red Cross disaster management coordinator in Indonesia , said hundreds of houses were damaged , the extent still unclear .
Padang Low - lying coastal city of 900,000 on Sumatra island
Capital city of Western Sumatra province
Known for distinctive cuisine
An important port to trade raw materials such as coffee , copper , rubber and cement
Runs along the fault line of the Eurasian and Pacific tectonic plates -- the same fault line that triggered 2004 tsunami of Aceh province
Sources : Indonesian government , Lonely Planet and Reuters
" We have concerns that a hospital has been partially damaged ; a market has caught on fire ; the airport was closed down for inspection because of the fear if they landed any planes " it might cause problems , Ulrich said .
He said access to the impacted areas was obstructed in parts .
It 's " blocked by all kinds of problems : frightened people out in the streets , cars and people trying to get out of the city . "
Watch Ulrich discuss rescue efforts »
Wednesday 's quake was felt in nearby cities including Medan and Bengkulu , where people panicked and ran outside in search of higher ground , fearing a tsunami .
But it was also felt as far away as Singapore and Malaysia .
" I did feel the tremor in the office today somewhere between 5 and 6 p.m. , " said Ratna Osman , who works in a single - story office building in Petaling Jaya , just outside Malaysia 's capital Kuala Lumpur .
" I asked [ a co-worker ] if there 's an earthquake somewhere -- either that or I was hallucinating .
" At first , I thought the chair I was sitting on had a screw loose or something , " Osman said .
The region is accustomed to earthquakes , and locals have been taught to identify safe places in case of a tsunami , according to Sean Granville - Ross , the Mercy Corps country director for Indonesia .
" We hope that preparation is now paying off , " he said .
Earlier this month , an earthquake in West Java killed 57 people .
The Web site for one of Indonesia 's main newspapers , The Jakarta Globe , crashed for a while , partly as a result of the heavy traffic from people trying to find out about the quake , the paper said in a Twitter post .
Aid agencies kicked into gear to help those in need .
" We had aid ready because this area of Indonesia is susceptible to this type of tragedy , " said Jane Cocking , humanitarian director for Oxfam .
" Communications with the quake - zone are difficult , and we are hoping for the best but having to plan for the worst . "
CNN 's Andy Saputra in Jakarta , Indonesia , and Tricia Escobedo in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .
All About Earthquakes • Indonesia • Samoa
Microsoft is kicking off the launch of Windows 7 with a bunch of house parties around the country .
They even have suggestions for different types of parties you can throw .
There 's Family Friendly Fun , Media Mania and PhotoPalooza .
My favorite , however , is the Adult Fun party , but I did n't see any party favors for it , so I created some on my own .
Download the PDF and have fun at your Windows 7 Adult Fun Party !
[ Updated at 11:11 a.m . : CBS was jubilant about the ruling .
“ We ’re studying the decision right now , but it appears to be a total victory – and vindication for CBS ’ position , ” said CBS News spokesman Jeff Ballabon .
Neither Rather nor his attorneys immediately returned a call for comment .
But in its ruling , the appeals panel found that CBS did not violate the terms of Rather 's contract because it continued to pay him , citing the contract 's " pay or play " provision .
The finding was a major blow to the longtime newsman , who had cast the suit as part of a broader effort to rein in the influence of corporations on news organizations .
The ruling , handed down today , dismissed Rather 's claims that CBS News broke his contract and committed fraud by sidelining him in the wake of a controversial story he reported about President George W. Bush 's Vietnam - era service in the Texas Air National Guard .
The anchor alleged that CBS sought to curtail reporting on the story because of pressure from its then - parent company , Viacom .
More than two years after Dan Rather filed a $ 70 - million lawsuit against CBS for breach of contract and fraud , a New York Supreme Court appellate division has tossed out his claim .
In its ruling , issued more than five months after the parties argued the case before the appellate division , the court reversed Judge Ira Gammerman ’s decisions on the case .
“ This Court finds that the motion court erred in denying the defendants ' motion to dismiss the claims for breach of contract and breach of fiduciary duty , and therefore we find the complaint must be dismissed in its entirety , ” the ruling said .
The appellate division found that Gammerman should have dismissed Rather ’s breach of contract claim against CBS , rejecting the anchor ’s argument that he was warehoused by the network constituted a violation of his deal .
“ This claim attempts to gloss over the fact that Rather continued to be compensated at his normal CBS salary of approximately $ 6 million a year until June 2006 when the compensation was accelerated upon termination , consistent with his contract , ” the court wrote .
Rather ’s contract did not require “ that CBS actually use Rather 's services or broadcast any programs on which he appears , but simply retains the option of accelerating the payment of his compensation under the agreement if he is not assigned to either program . ”
The appellate division found that Rather failed to support his claim that CBS damaged his future business opportunities , saying “ it would be speculative to conclude that any action taken by CBS would have alone substantially affected his market value at that time . ”
And the appeals judges wrote that he could not sue for breach of fiduciary duty because CBS did not owe Rather a fiduciary duty .
The appellate division wrote that Rather had no grounds on which to claim fraud , dismissing his argument that he is making substantially less money at his current job at HDNet than the $ 4 million annually he believed he could have made at CBS as speculative and irrelevant .
And the anchor failed to prove that the fall - out from CBS ’ handling of the Bush story curtailed other job prospects .
“ As to lost opportunities in the trade , while Rather has shown his own track record of earnings and the earnings of other trade professionals , his future earnings are speculative , because there is no basis to conclude that his employment status would not have changed , regardless of CBS 's actions , once he determined to make the broadcast , ” the ruling said .
“ Rather never identified a single opportunity with specified terms that was actually available to him and which he declined to accept because of CBS ' actions . ”
[ Updated at 11:22 a.m. : Rather 's attorneys said they plan to appeal .
“ We are extremely disappointed with the Appellate Court 's decision , ” Martin R. Gold , Rather ’s lead attorney , said in a statement .
“
We believe the decision is incorrect on a number of grounds and , accordingly , we intend to ask the New York Court of Appeals to review it . ” ]
-- Matea Gold
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The robot nurse , the art of blowing up balloons with your ears and is it a giant sprout or just a cabbage ?
It 's the week 's weird and wonderful video stories in Newsbeat 's Odd Box with Dominic Byrne .
Twitter content is user - generated Medics posting messages on networking websites like Facebook and Twitter are breaching patient confidentiality , a leading journal reveals .
Research in the Journal of the American Medical Association found examples of web gossip by trainee doctors sharing private patient stories and details .
Over half of 78 US medical schools studied had reported cases of students posting unprofessional content online .
One in 10 of these contained frank violations of patient confidentiality .
Most were blogs , including one on Facebook , containing enough clinical detail that patients could potentially be identified .
' Blue ' blogs Many postings included profanity and discriminatory language .
Sexually suggestive material and photos showing drunkenness or illicit drug use were also commonplace .
While most incidents resulted in informal warnings , some were deemed serious enough to lead to dismissal from medical school .
But few of the medical schools had policies that covered online social networking and blogging .
Patient confidentiality is paramount and medical students and doctors obviously need to be very careful about any information they post online
A British Medical Association spokesman
The investigators , led by Dr Katherine Chretien of the Washington DC VA Medical Center , said medical students may not be aware of how online posting can reflect negatively on medical professionalism or jeopardise their careers .
Similarly , patient confidentiality breaches may be unintentional .
" Sharing patient stories that are de-identified and respectful , as health professionals might do on personal blogs , can encourage reflection , empathy and understanding .
" However , content may risk violation of patient privacy , even without using names or other identifiers , " they warned .
Also , the line separating freedom of speech and inappropriate postings can be unclear - for example , derisive comments about a student 's institution or profession might not be considered unprofessional by some , they said .
Dr Chretien 's team say medical students should be taught as part of their training about the risks associated with making postings on the Internet .
As a matter of course , students should be shown how to elect privacy settings on social networking sites and should be told to perform periodic
Web searches of their own name to vet listed online content .
A spokesman for the British Medical Association said : " Patient confidentiality is paramount and medical students and doctors obviously need to be very careful about any information they post online . "
The UK 's regulator of doctors , the General Medical Council , does not have guidance that covers medics ' blogging .
But a spokeswoman advised doctors : " You must make sure that your conduct at all times justifies your patients ' trust in you and the public 's trust in the profession . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DESPITE electing an unusually liberal president , on at least one measure Americans are more conservative than at any time before .
Public support for a ban on handguns has fallen to 28 % , the lowest level in nearly 50 years , according to a new poll from Gallup .
When Americans were first asked the question in 1959 , 60 % were in favour of introducing a law to ban handguns , but support has declined steadily .
Enthusiasm for stricter laws relating to the sale of firearms is also ebbing , falling from 78 % in 1990 to 44 % today .
Polls suggest that 43 % believe laws should not be made tougher .
AFP
ICFP videos
Videos of 40 presentations from ICFP 2009 ( Edinburgh ) are available through Malcolm Wallace ’s Vimeo account .
The official estimate of the number of Britons who could die this winter from swine flu is to be reduced substantially to roughly 20,000 because health experts have decided the virus is far less lethal than first feared .
Ministers and health officials predicted in July that up to 65,000 people could be killed across the UK by the H1N1 virus , as infection rates accelerated over the summer and deaths began to mount .
But the Scottish health secretary , Nicola Sturgeon , said this morning that that official worst case scenario had been revised downwards , with experts now predicting a death rate of 0.1 % , much lower than the initial estimate of 0.35 % .
Swine flu infections have continued over the summer and at least 66 people have died .
Ministers still believe the number of cases will rise steeply this winter , causing a full - blown epidemic and putting public services and businesses under severe strain .
The new estimate is expected to be confirmed by Sir Liam Donaldson , the chief medical officer for England and Wales , this afternoon .
Sturgeon 's statement to the Scottish parliament today confirms strong signals from government advisers , including the Scottish chief medical officer Harry Burns , that H1N1 is a relatively mild virus .
Burns and other health experts noted that in the US , fatalities were rare .
Even so , health services , council morgues and crematoria , and the economy could be put under severe strain .
Sturgeon said that up to 30 % of the population could fall ill .
Millions of people may have the H1N1 at the same time .
An official UK report published today warns : " It is possible that the virus may mutate , becoming more virulent , and it is important to remain prepared for the full range of possibilities . "
Sturgeon disclosed that the first swine flu vaccines are due to be given to key target groups , such as pregnant women , people with weak immune systems and their immediate families , and people over 65 , from mid-October onwards .
The European Medicines Agency is expected to license the vaccines later this month or in early October .
The vaccination programme would be backed up by a UK - wide publicity and public information campaign , and 13 million people across the UK are expected to be vaccinated in the first phase .
She said : " Estimates of delivery of vaccine from the manufacturers are subject to change , but the current assessment suggests over 54 m vaccine doses will be delivered to the UK by the end of December .
From this we estimate a potential delivery to Scotland in the region of 300 - 350,000 doses per week from the date when the vaccine is licensed . "
She said the revised death rates estimate did not take account of the vaccination programme , which could significantly cut the death rates by targeting some of the most vulnerable groups .
" Furthermore , they are not predictions ; they are assumptions that allow us to plan for the worst , while continuing to hope for the best , " she said .
" And while having lower estimates for hospitalised cases and fatalities is positive , the assumptions will be kept under review . "
GUATEMALA CITY ( Reuters ) - U.S. and Guatemalan authorities captured a makeshift submarine loaded with an estimated 10 tonnes of cocaine in the Pacific Ocean off Guatemala , Guatemalan police said on Thursday .
Four men aboard the vessel -- three Colombians and a Mexican -- were arrested when it was detained Wednesday night by U.S. anti-drug agents and the Guatemalan Coast Guard some 175 miles off Guatemala ’s Pacific Coast .
If the size of the seizure is confirmed , it would be the largest ever drug bust in Guatemala , which is becoming an important transit point for illegal drugs moved north by powerful Mexican trafficking cartels .
Drug gangs operate with impunity in the jungles of northern Guatemala , where they receive shipments of South American cocaine and ship them across the border into Mexico .
Mexico ’s drug cartels have been moving into neighboring Guatemala as they seek to secure supply lines amid a brutal struggle for territory in Mexico that has claimed some 14,500 lives in the nearly three years since President Felipe Calderon came to power and launched an army crackdown .
Anti-drug patrols in the waters around Central America have turned up at least two other large submarine - like vessels that can be as much as 59 - feet long and carry sophisticated navigation equipment .
The steel - and - fiberglass vessels run partially submerged in an attempt to evade radar .
For Hilary Swank , at least one thing about portraying the enigmatic aviator at the center of the new film “ Amelia ” was certain .
“ You ca n’t play Amelia Earhart and not learn how to fly , ” the Oscar - winning actress says with a chortle .
“ That would be a huge flaw .
I ’d be fired immediately . ”
Beyond that , almost everything else about Earhart -- who disappeared in 1937 while piloting her Lockheed Electra over the Pacific , trying to become the first woman to fly around the world -- has dissolved into the soft glow of collective oblivion .
The pilot , perhaps the most famous woman in the world in the early 1930s , has become for many a kind of two - dimensional pop-up icon , a name branded on public works and postage stamps -- vaunted for her androgynous style , her lanky figure invariably adorned in breeches and a silk shirt , her hair cropped short .
It ’s not for nothing that the Gap and Apple recycled her image for ad campaigns in the 1990s .
Advertisement
Now comes the first major studio biopic about her , the reverent “ Amelia ” directed by Mira Nair ( “ The Namesake ” ) and starring Swank and Richard Gere as her impresario - husband , George Putnam , who made the onetime settlement house worker a star and later begged her to marry him until she finally acquiesced .
Ewan McGregor plays the dashing Gene Vidal , an aviation pioneer and father of Gore Vidal who “ Amelia ” posits as Earhart ’s lover .
Spearheading and paying for this $ 40 - million venture was an unlikely source : Gateway founder Ted Waitt , an Earhart devotee who ’s spent long hours and huge resources trying to solve the mystery of Earhart ’s disappearance .
Still , parsing the aviator was n’t as easy as just listing her accomplishments .
“ The vista we were interested in was the vista of the internal life of Amelia Earhart , ” says Anna Phelan Hamilton , one of the film ’s screenwriters .
“ To find that was like digging in granite .
. . .
Some 28 biographies have been written about her , and after slogging through all of them , there was still this hidden Amelia . ”
Advertisement
Nicknamed “ Lady Lindy ” for her resemblance to Charles Lindbergh , Earhart was essentially cast by Putnam -- a publisher who specialized in adventure books -- to become the first woman to cross the Atlantic in 1928 .
Although she was merely a passenger or , as she quipped , “ just baggage , like a sack of potatoes , ” the event sparked a media frenzy and led to her book “ 20 Hours , 40 Minutes . ”
--
Making a name
Earhart later accumulated authentic achievements of her own , becoming the first woman and second person to fly solo across the Atlantic in 1932 .
In 1935 , she was the first person to fly solo from Hawaii to California and from Los Angeles to Mexico .
She founded the Ninety - Nines , an organization for female pilots , and barnstormed the country giving lectures about aviation and exhorting women to break out of their “ platitudinous sphere . ”
In 1935 alone , she gave 136 lectures , reaching about 80,000 people , says Susan Butler , whose Earhart biography was a source for the film .
Advertisement
Fifty years before Madonna , Earhart was also a pioneer in brand management , abetted by Putnam , one of the first uber - agents , who brokered not only her books and publicity but also all sorts of product endorsements , including clothing and luggage lines .
Still Earhart , a famously private person , lived in the age before TMZ and “ Oprah . ”
She left no explanation for why she was driven to fly , then a tremendously dangerous pastime , except to say gaily : “ For the fun of it . ”
Even her closest friends often had little knowledge of her pre-fame life -- of her alcoholic father , who introduced her to flight at a California air show and whom she adored , even though he dragged the family around the country because he was unable to sustain a job , or of her patrician mother , whose relatives , according to Butler , tried to control and later steal her inheritance .
“ She wanted to be the person she became .
She did n’t want people prying , ” Butler says .
Advertisement
--
Her daring ways
Though privacy might be emotionally healthy for an individual , it can be a challenge for those trying to animate a hero .
“ Rain Man ” writer Ron Bass was the first to try , under the aegis of director Phillip Noyce ( “ The Quiet American ” ) .
“ What struck me about Amelia was not simply her daring and recklessness and her courage , but the connection between her recklessness and her open vision of what a woman should be interested in doing , ” Bass says .
He looked at her love life for insight , in particular an honest but quietly devastating letter she wrote to Putnam on their wedding day in 1931 , expressing her reservations about marriage .
Advertisement
“ You must know my reluctance to marry , my feelings that I shatter thereby chances in work which means so much to me , ” Earhart wrote .
“ I know there may be compensations , but have no heart to look ahead .
In our life together I shall not hold you to any medieval code of faithfulness to me , nor shall I consider myself bound to you similarly . ”
To Bass , Earhart was “ someone whose sexual freedom and recklessness is a coverup , because she ’s afraid to have a genuine relationship .
. . .
She vowed to not live the life her mother lived , and she kept her heart to herself , like the adventurous male . ”
This vision of Earhart was to some degree abandoned when Noyce was replaced by Nair ( “ The Namesake ” ) , who brought on her writer of choice , Hamilton .
“ There is a humility about her , but also an enigma , ” Nair says .
“ It was her own writings that really let me in to how she thought , her poems , her turn of phrase , the delight she took in seeing the world . ”
Advertisement
Nair quotes one of Earhart ’s signature phrases : “ ‘ Flying annihilates distance , ’ ” adding , “ I love the way she thought . ”
Nair and Hamilton reconceived Earhart as a kind of modern woman , an adrenaline junkie who was nonetheless rent asunder by the same plight of today ’s working woman -- the uneasy balance between work and family .
In their take , Earhart was n’t initially in love with Putnam but essentially succumbed to his desire for her .
Only later , before her fateful , last journey at age 39 , Earhart fell in love with her own husband .
It ’s certainly a plausible option , though not explicitly set out in the historical record .
Nair and Hamilton also simplified the tale , jettisoning , for instance , Putnam ’s children and first wife , who apparently had her own lover .
“ I ’m very interested in this idea of the beloved .
When does the beloved become the lover , ” Nair says .
“ That ’s what I did . ”
Swank , of course , added her own topspin to the on - screen Earhart , another in the actress ’ growing canon of boyish women , including her Oscar - winning performances in “ Boys Do n’t Cry ” and “ Million Dollar Baby . ”
Advertisement
“ Amelia epitomizes living your life the way you see it , ” Swank says .
“ She ’s a great inspiration to a lot of people . . . certainly women .
We get so caught up in living for other people , and all of a sudden , life ’s passed us by .
Our dreams are unfulfilled .
Amelia reminds us to make no apologies for living your life the way you want . ”
Learning to fly was revelatory .
“ There ’s not a lot of firsts in life anymore as an adult , Swank says .
“ It ’s hard to find things that are exhilarating . ”
Still , it was nerve - racking .
“ I ’m not a big sweat - er , ” the actress says , but “ when I land a plane , I always have a drenched back from the whole operation . ”
--
Advertisement
rachel.abramowitz @latimes.com
Strange Brew
Last week ’s “ beer summit ” at the White House was , on the surface , an anti-political moment :
Four guys sitting down over brewskies to talk out a problem instead of relying on the mechanisms of state to solve it .
Exactly the kind of thing most people , and especially anarchists , like to see .
Unfortunately , the event was pretty much all surface appearance and no substance .
Three of the four participants were , and remain , government employees .
The fourth was brought there for purpose of absolving the institution which employees them of the sins it had committed against him .
Because that fourth participant is an academic with a reputation for being a bit more than usually sensitive to matters of race , and because he had indeed played “ the race card ” in the incident that led to the event , it ’s been easy for supporters of the state to write the whole thing off as a matter of “ race relations . ”
It is n’t .
It ’s a matter of the relationship between the state and the individual .
We could debate all day long over whether or not the encounter between Cambridge , Massachusetts Police Sergeant James Crowley and Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. would have escalated to the point of confrontation if Crowley was black or if Gates was white .
And a lot of people would love to argue over that , because such an argument fits neatly into their worldviews : Crowley ’s an overbearing white expecting to be kowtowed to by black people , or Gates is a black man with a chip on his shoulder , ready to blame whitey for everything , and that ’s the end of it .
Unfortunately for those theories , the fact remains that no one has credibly accused Professor Gates of causing , or threatening to cause , harm or damage to any person or any person ’s property .
that night .
Black or white , the “ crime ” of which he was accused , and for which he was arrested , handcuffed and hauled off to jail , was saying something that a police officer did n’t want to hear .
The charges were quickly dropped , of course — not because that ’s not a crime either in law or in plain common sense , but because Professor Gates has a reputation , the ability to get attention when he needs to , and friends in high places .
Less well - known individuals — black , white , gay , straight , pretty much any category except “ wealthy enough and with the time to spare to hire a lawyer and fight such nonsense ” — generally do n’t get off so easily .
Americans are routinely dragged off to jail for “ contempt of cop ” and end up pleading guilty to nonsense charges such as “ disorderly conduct ” in order to get things over with and get back to their lives .
The whole point of the “ beer summit ” was to publicly write off this particular incident as a racial “ misunderstanding ” instead of confronting the real question .
Maybe Crowley ’s not racially sensitive enough , maybe Gates is too racially sensitive , but hey , everyone , let ’s let it be about that instead of about whether or not a human being has any rights that a servant of the state is bound to respect .
You see , that last question is one the state does n’t like to answer , because underneath the frilly language , its answer is always “ no . ”
Our friends at Public Knowledge have been doing a great job in Washington , D.C. , fighting against the MPAA 's efforts to selectively disable the high - definition analog ( i.e. , " component " video ) outputs on your cable box .
In essence , Hollywood is telling the FCC that it wo n't give Americans early access to blockbuster movies unless the FCC lets it kill your analog outputs .
Public Knowledge has an update today , letting us know that Hollywood is back at the FCC pushing for this anti-consumer , anti-innovation change in the FCC rules :
The MPAA claims it needs this power in order to prevent infringement of “ high value content ” its members would make available to Americans “ for the first time ” — or , as we like to call it , “ the exact same content in the exact same format at the exact same quality , 30 days earlier . ”
It also continues to ignore the fact that other studios already release content this early , and that the content in question is available on the Internet long before the proposed window .
Clearly , something else is actually at work here : the MPAA is attempting to hold content ransom to convince the FCC to give them the ability to control how consumer electronics are built and used .
And to get there , it has asked the FCC to give them a special immunity to the pro-consumer rule that bans SOC without a single iota of evidence that it is necessary .
For more , check out the comments filed by EFF , PK , and a number of other consumer groups with the FCC last year or Public Knowledge 's issue page about selectable output control ( SOC ) .
Phillip Smith
StopTheDrugWar
October 5 , 2009
The Bush administration sold the PATRIOT
Act ’s expansion of law enforcement powers , including “ sneak and peek ” searches in which the target of the search is never notified that his home has been searched , as necessary to defend the citizens of the US from terrorist attacks , but that ’s not how federal law enforcement has used its sweeping new powers .
According to a July report from the Administrative Office of the US Courts ( thanks to Ryan Grim at the Huffington Post ) , of 763 sneak and peek search warrants issued last year , only three were issued in relation to alleged terrorist offenses , or less than one - half of 1 % of all such black - bag clandestine searches .
Nearly two - thirds ( 62 % ) were issued to investigate drug trafficking offenses .
The report also includes figures on existing warrants that were extended last year .
When new and extended warrant figures are combined , the total number of warrants was 1,291 , with 843 , or 65 % , for drug investigations .
Only five of all new or extended sneak and peek warrants were for terrorism investigations .
Of 21 criminal offense categories for which warrants were issued or extended , terrorism ranked 19th , exceeding only conspiracy and bribery .
As Grim noted , Sen. Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) , a leading critic of the PATRIOT Act , challenged Assistant Attorney General David Kris about why powers supposedly needed to fight terrorism were instead being used for common criminal cases .
“ This authority here on the sneak - and - peek side , on the criminal side , is not meant for intelligence , ” said Kris .
“ It ’s for criminal cases .
So I guess it ’s not surprising to me that it applies in drug cases .
“ As I recall it was in something called the USA PATRIOT Act , ” Feingold retorted , “ which was passed in a rush after an attack on 9/11 that had to do with terrorism it did n’t have to do with regular , run - of - the - mill criminal cases .
Let me tell you why I ’m concerned about these numbers :
That ’s not how this was sold to the American people .
It was sold as stated on DoJ ’s website in 2005 as being necessary – quote – to conduct investigations without tipping off terrorists , ” he said .
“ I think it ’s quite extraordinary to grant government agents the statutory authority to secretly breaks into Americans ’ homes in criminal cases , and I think some Americans might be concerned it ’s been used hundreds of times in just a single year in non-terrorism cases , ” the Wisconsin progressive continued .
“ That ’s why I ’m proposing additional safeguards to make sure that this authority is available where necessary , but not in virtually every criminal case . ”
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Seven times
Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong cycles through Dublin's Phoenix Park August 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Cathal McNaughton
MILAN ( Reuters ) - Lance Armstrong is expected to miss next May ’s Giro d’Italia after announcing he will race in the Tour of California .
" I 've decided to ride the Tour of California in 2010 , " the American told Twitter ( twitter.com/lancearmstrong ) .
The Tour of California starts on May 16 while the Giro , the world ’s second - biggest stage race , begins on May 8 in Amsterdam .
The full route for next year ’s Giro will be announced on Saturday .
Armstrong raced this year ’s Giro for the first time as part of his comeback after three - and - a - half years in retirement .
He ended up 12th before going on to finish third in the Tour de France , which he had won previously won seven times .
Armstrong , who raced for Astana this year , has set up the new RadioShack team for next season .
BOSTON — Last spring I wrote that U.S. President Barack Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu were eyeball - to - eyeball and we would soon see who blinked first .
The confrontation was over Jewish settlements in the occupied territories .
Now , at summer ’s end , it is becoming clear that Obama is beginning to blink .
In the spring Obama drew a distinct and unambiguous line in the sand .
There was to be a total cessation of settlement activity : no internal expansion , nothing — a complete ban .
Obama realized two important facts .
One , that freezing the ever - expanding settlements that march over the hills of the West Bank and crowd Arab Jerusalem was the sine qua non of a two - state solution .
He saw that Jewish settlements were eating up what was left of Palestinian aspirations , and that without a freeze no peace between Arab and Jew would ever take place .
Secondly , Obama saw that he would need to move fast and right away in the beginning of his presidency when his power was at its zenith .
Soon he would be subjected to the thousand cuts of office , and soon enough mid-term elections would elbow their way into White House calculations .
Leaving an Israel - Palestine peace to a few weeks before he left office , as President Clinton did , would be a formula for failure .
Benjamin Netanyahu , on the other hand , saw that Obama was a threat to his long - standing position that Israel should not give up the occupied territories , and that Palestinian aspirations would have to adjust to remaining under occupation indefinitely .
Oh , conditions could be made better for them .
But the attitude of the Israeli right — embodied by Netanyahu 's foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman — has been that the Palestinians have to accept that they are a defeated people and get used to it .
Netanyahu is a master of prevarication , and has faced American pressure before .
I was in Israel when the Oslo accords were announced 13 years ago , and , in an interview , Netanyahu was adamant that territorial compromise with the Palestinians was not the answer .
He has remained true to his core beliefs ever since .
Oh , Netanyahu will attend conferences designed to get the peace process going .
He is not against a process that will keep the temperature of international opinion down , but at the end of the day he is not for territorial compromise .
He will agree that there needs to be a Palestinian state , but then make every condition possible to insure that it never happens .
Thus Netanyahu will give way on the unimportant details in order to protect his core belief that the occupation must continue .
As Israel ’s greatest supporter , indispensable ally and aid donor , the United States has some influence in Israel .
Israel , in turn , has a powerful lobby in the United States — much of it dedicated to making sure pressure is not applied by the U.S. to Israel over the occupied territories .
When Netanyahu recently announced that hundreds of new homes in the West Bank would be built , Obama ’s spokesman , Robert Gibbs , said : “ We regret the reports of Israel ’s plan to approve additional settlement construction .
The U.S. does not accept the legitimacy of continued settlement expansion and we urge that it stop . ”
But the most Netanyahu appeared willing to give was a freeze of a few months .
Indeed , it began to appear that Obama ’s line in the sand was drifting over what he first stated .
“ In a negotiation , people always stake out a variety of positions , ” said a State Department spokesman .
“ Will that be the final position ?
Who knows ? ”
This ambivalence is not what we heard from the Obama administration last spring .
Obama appears to be backing down on an issue that he put at the top of his priorities , and it does n’t appear that Israel will have to pay a price for defying the American president .
Obama does not appear to be a Dwight D. Eisenhower , who ordered Israel to withdraw from the Sinai in 1956 , or a George H.W. Bush , who withdrew loan guarantees to Israel over settlement expansion .
Look for George Mitchell , the president ’s special envoy , to attempt some face - saving language before the U.N. General Assembly meeting later this month , but only the gullible will be consoled .
The ripple effects of Obama ’s backing down will undermine his presidency .
All the efforts to reach out to the Muslim world will come to naught if Obama stands by and allows Israeli settlements to continue with only a mild rebuke .
Perhaps it would have been different had Obama not been so definite and clear that he wanted all settlement activity stopped .
But having made his stand so firm , a retreat is all the more evident .
Others around the watching world will perceive that Obama can be rolled , and they draw their own conclusions on how much they can get away with — just as John F. Kennedy ’s perceived weakness when meeting Nikita Khrushchev in 1961 led Khrushchev to believe he could get away with placing missiles in Cuba .
Israelis and Palestinians have been in conflict since the twilight years of the 19th century when Jews , seeking a return to their ancestral homeland , began coming to what was then Ottoman territory in ever - increasing numbers .
Neither people has been able to reach the necessary compromises that would allow them to live together in peace .
Only the United States has the power and the influence to make a difference in this old quarrel .
Not the least of the peoples Obama will be letting down if he allows settlements to continue are the Israelis themselves who will not now see peace in the life of Obama ’s administration or , perhaps , even their own .
whatever
This is an odd one .
She 's beautiful as all fuck , and he 's got a pretty nice dick .
Neither are really annoying , but it just seems too bland to be good .
It 's pretty quite the entire time ( especially the guy ) .
Perhaps it was camera nerves ?
The fucking was fun to watch for 30 seconds , but not 5 minutes .
The cumshot at the end was decent , but they cut to it so quick that he 's already busting on her by the time we get to see it .
No buildup to it , no pull out and stroke a few times so we know it 's coming ...
Could 've been so much more , so much better ..
A Whatever , for sure .
Teabagging townhalls :
Whose nuts ?
Whose mouths ?
August 15 , 2009
Teabagging , as shown by this video , has the potential to ruin the lives of kid , and it also has the potential to ruin our chances of having an educated debate on health care .
The term “ teabagging ” is slang for the act of a man ( teabagg - er ) placing his scrotum in the mouth or on , or around the face of another person ( teabagg - ee ) , often in a repeated in - and - out motion .
The practice resembles dipping a tea bag into a cup of tea .
By now you may be asking yourself what this weird sexual act has in common with health care .
The answer is everything .
The media has been struggling to characterize the teabagger movement .
Some media outlets are quick to call them all crazy ( notably MSNBC ) , some try to keep an objective stance on them , while other outlets ( notably FOX ) are happy to promote them as innocent patriotic protesters .
Americans do not understand the importance of the issue .
Are we too stupid ? ( maybe … this Gallup poll shows 1 in 5 Americans think the sun revolves around Earth ) Perhaps it is not a lack of intelligence , but a lack of information that is preventing us from moving forward .
Take one look at the reporting being done by the media and you ’ll see it ’s likely a combination of the two .
The need for debate on the best method to reform the health care system has been eclipsed by our insatiable thirst to gawk at the absurd .
The health care debate has been hi-jacked by crazy stupid people , and the ratings obsessed media has obediently followed .
Forget about having the focus be on actual educated debate by those on both sides of the issue .
The focus has now been shifted to the insane few on the fringe from both sides and their abilities to disrupt town hall meetings .
The winners of this health care debate so far are insurance and pharmaceutical companies , because they have successfully diverted our attention from the real issues .
I know these lunatics are not representative of all those that oppose health care reform , the media is just guilty of making it look that way .
There are plenty of people , both liberal and conservative , who are opposed to the current proposals .
I am not advocating that these people not be able to exercise free speech , some of these people just need to be adequately educated on the issues and informed of the real interests of those who are organizing them .
These crazies need to know that they ’re being played .
The media should do a better job of reporting the news , as opposed to reporting only the tidbits of the news that conform to their brand of rhetoric .
Example - FoxNews was the only cable news outlet not to air Obama ’s town hall meeting in its entirety , instead it cut out early into the meeting and promised to come back only if there was some angry protesters interruptions .
Some outlets need to stop with the false “ they ’re regular folks fighting for what they believe in ” and identify most of them for what they really are …” grassroots ” looking protesters funded by the highest bidding corporation .
Instead of legitimizing the views of a small pocket of society ’s crazies , the media should be objectively reporting the facts of the proposals and let us decide whether we want to support it or not .
The public is being misled by media outlets that report opinions and myths as facts .
You know things are out of control when you have the White House unveiling a website to debunk the rumors spread by the opposition of health care reform .
It is clear when overwhelming percentage of Americans know more about the myths than they do on the fundamental basics of what is being proposed , that the insurance and pharmaceutical companies have figuratively placed their nuts on / in the mouths of those in the media , and in the faces of the public .
Its impossible to see with nuts in your face , and as expert teabagg - ee Anderson Cooper noted , just as difficult to talk with nuts in your mouth .
Nuts have clearly made it difficult for the media to speak and get the truth out .
And when nuts are all we see , it makes it impossible for us see a clear picture and truly understand what is really happening .
If I were to ask you :
Where do you usually go when looking to read web focused news and social media related stories and tips ?
The answer would probably be one of three : Mashable , TechCrunch or both !
Just by taking a quick and uneducated look at the graph below , it is easy to clearly assess how TechCrunch and Mashable have been head - to - head on competition for the last year ( and more ) .
But the above figures are available for all and it is not a secret to anyone that those two sites are rough to crack opponents when it comes to dealing with each other !
Therefore , I invite you to stay tuned with us while we compare and contrast Mashable and TechCrunch from every possible aspect such as stats , interfaces , content , mistakes and more in a 2 parts review .
Mashable vs. TechCrunch – The Reviews :
Mashable ’s Profile :
“ Founded in July 2005 , Mashable is the world ’s largest blog focused exclusively on Web 2.0 and Social Networking news .
With more than 5 million monthly page views , Mashable is the most prolific blog reviewing new Web sites and services , publishing breaking news on what ’s new on the web . ” .
“ It ’s informative and important for our keeping up with the ongoing changes in networking innovations .
its good to be part of the discussion “ .
By humanette
“ Great resource for what ’s happening in social media “ .
By Jeremy Jaramillo
“ Very good site .
Lots of news about social media .
High refresh rate “ .
By Casper Maltha
TechCrunch ’s Profile :
“ It all started on July 15 2005 when founder Michael Arrington opened TechCrunch for the first time .
His goal with the blog was to be dedicated about profiling and reviewing companies and internet products .
By the time the site turned one year , they had 883 posts , 23,713 comments and 65,00 RSS and email subscribers .
They also had 3 other partner sites in their network and have had seven guest post writers and he already hired a co-writer to help him , Marshall Kirkpatrick ” .
Mashable vs. TechCrunch – The Mixed Stats :
Indexed Pages and Google Page Rank :
Mashable ’s Google page rank is 7 , while TechCrunch is 8 .
The number of Yahoo indexed pages for Mashable and TechCruch stand at 1.3 m and 470 k respectively .
Inbound Links :
Using Yahoo !
Site Explorer , we found out that the number of TechCrunch ’s inbound links is about 5.7 m while Mashable has 3.7 m only .
Technorati Blog Rank :
Technorati has gone the TechCrunch way : TechCrunch ranks 2 with 10,839 authority while Mashable is close at 3 with 10,013 authority .
Digg and Delicious :
There are more than 9,719 TechCrunch articles dugg so far as opposed to only 1,109 Mashable articles .
Logically then , there are 382 Mashable articles that reached Digg ’s first page while TechCrunch has a total of 802 popular stories on Digg .
In Delicious bookmarking , TechCrunch leads Mashable by 33,522 to 20,541 bookmarks .
Mashable dominates
Tweets :
As for Twitter , Mashable has a dominating Twitter presence .
Besides Tweetmeme , Mashable is the top shared site on Twitter .
The number of links to Mashable and TechCrunch in tweets within a month ’s period is a clear comparision : from 23/8/2009 – 23/09/2009 , Mashable had around 291,406 back - tweets while TechCrunch alone ( excluding CrunchBase , MobileCrunch and so on ) had around 123,357 backtweets .
Moreover , TechCrunch has around 1,003,240 Twitter followers versus Mashable ’s 1,535,953 Twitter followers .
The way we see it , it seems that the TechCrunch site obviously attracts more Diggers to surf it .
This could be attributed to the style of the titles posted are more appealing to them .
However , Mashable should not feel sad since they still remain to be the “ aces of retweets “ !
Mashable vs. Techcrunch – The Interface :
Let ’s break down the overall interface design and user friendliness for our two competitors ’ sites :
As we can see in the figure above , Mashable embraces well organized and equally highly specialized listing and categorizations for the different topics posted as well as the various channels that visitors might be interested in .
Furthermore , the advertising is unintrusive and of related nature .
Furthermore , Mashable has the following value - added interface features :
The Blippr ’ emotion face ’ after brand names ; showing on average how do people rate this certain brand name .
The “ drop here ” Meebo feature to drag and drop any image and share the article on social media .
The DISQUS - enabled commenting section , which allows Twitter OAuth , Facebook Connect and DISQUS users to leave comments or just anonymous users .
Presenting related articles at the bottom of each post is very organized , eye - catching and readable .
As for TechCrunch ’s interface , though less cluttered with categories and information , the advertising seems to be more intrusive .
However , TechCrunch has the following value - added interface features :
CrunchBase adds company profiles next to company names with information and reviews about them .
The CrunchBase widget at the bottom of posts , providing further information about companies relevant to each article .
Comments can be left anonymously or via Facebook Connect login .
To conclude this part , we must acknowledge that although both sites have struggled with the issue of organizing the dozens of categories their posts discuss , both seem to have found a way to make their interface easy to use and understand .
Mashable vs. Techcrunch – The Scams & Mistakes :
Another short research and yet some more interesting results !
It seems to me that TechCrunch has been negatively placed in the spot light way more than Mashable , having been accused of information theft , publishing inaccurate news and being too conceited !
The following articles demonstrate my point :
Come back for part 2 , tomorrow …
To conclude this part , it is apparent that Techcrunch has more traffic , backlinks and seems to be more trusted by Google .
Yet , by the same token , TechCrunch has had some bad PR , less retweets and followers on Twitter , and a ratio of popular Digg posts of just 8.3 % , while Mashable has a ratio of 34.4 % popular on Digg ( dividing the popular by the total submitted to Digg ) .
Therefore , as a result , it seems that TechCrunch masters SEO ( Search Engine Optimization ) techniques , while Mashable has a black belt in SMO ( Social Media Optimization ) techniques .
3D Gaming has been a hot topic recently , ever since 3D gaming made a big splash earlier this year at the Consumer Electronics Show .
Up until now , there have n’t been any 3D games available for the PSN …
This week , the PSN will get it ’s first 3D game , the side - scrolling beat - em - up , Invincible Tiger : The Legend of Han Tao .
You will need a pair of classic “ red & blue ” 3D glasses to see the anaglyphic 3D effects .
Or , you ’ll need a DLP HDTV capable of stereoscopic 3D .
If you do n’t have a pair of 3D glasses , just go to the official Invincible Tiger website .
Although it ’s still listed as “ coming soon ” , there is an option to get a free pair of 3D glasses courtesy of Publisher Namco Bandai and Developer Blitz Arcade .
Invincible Tiger will be available this Thursday ( as in tomorrow ) on the PS Store , and is out now on Xbox Live .
Thanks to SolidCake for the tip !
Usually , the Norwegians did not stand out with too many cars .
But the M3 has somehow their attention .
First , it is an M3 and it ’s full modified by Norwegian firm SS Performance , “ veterans ” in the field of BMW , Porsche and Mitsubishi .
Good , important is that this M3 E92 hiding under the hood and a 550 hp V10 engine with 130 horsepower more than the factory version .
The exterior presents a green foil applied to the vehicle body , BBS LM wheels and a front bumper from Hamman , important changes being at Chapter mechanics .
Have fun !
550 HP Green BMW M3 E92
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
550 HP Green BMW M3 E92
A pair of economists have released a report arguing that file - sharing does n't stifle the creation of music , films , and books .
On the contrary , they say , weaker copyright protection has benefited society .
Felix Oberholzer - Gee of Harvard University and Koleman Strumpf of the University of Kansas recently published a working paper ( that is , a complete draft of a work - in - progress study soliciting feedback ) to Harvard Business School asserting the benefits of internet piracy .
While the study concedes that piracy may harm some business models , it says the technology has n't killed the incentives behind artists and entertainment companies to produce new works .
And that , the paper says , is the real point behind copyright .
For example , the United States Constitution states the intention of copyright law is " To promote the progress of science and useful arts , by securing for limited times ... exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries . "
So the paper claims a litmus test for copyright should be whether progress ( or art ) flourishes or flounders in the age of P2P .
Even if a weakened copyright regime turned out to reduce industry profitability , it is not obvious whether a decline in profits would undermine the incentives to create , market and distribute artistic works .
Two considerations seem particularly important .
First , as copyright weakens , the effective price of music , movies , and books falls and consumer willingness - to - pay for complements increases .
If artists derive income from these complements as well , the overall incentives to produce new works might not decline .
For instance , as music becomes effectively available for free , the price of concerts , a complement to music , is likely to rise , and artists who earn income from concerts might not be hurt by a decline in music sales .
Similarly , authors might be better able to supplement their income from books through speaking tours if many more readers are familiar with their writings .
The authors ' music example , however , would assume all worthy musicians have a major interest in live performances or alternatives to albums .
( For instance , The Beatles did n't like doing live shows towards the end of their career .
Should they have been kicked to the curb for it ? )
But even if the money can still flow , what impact has file - sharing had on its production ? :
While album sales have generally fallen since 2000 , the number of albums being created has exploded .
In 2000 , 35,516 albums were released .
Seven years later , 79,695 ( including 25,159 digital albums ) were published .
Even if file sharing were the reason that sales have fallen , the new technology does not appear to have exacted a toll on the quantity of music produced .
Obviously , it would be nice to adjust output for differences in quality , but we are not aware of any research that has tackled this question .
Similar trends can be seen in other creative industries .
For example , the worldwide number of feature films produced each year has increased from 3,807 in 2003 to 4,989 in 2007 ( Screen Digest , 2004 and 2008 ) .
Countries where film piracy is rampant have typically increased production .
This is true in South Korea ( 80 to 124 ) , India ( 877 to 1164 ) , and China ( 140 to 402 ) .
During this period , U.S. feature film production has increased from 459 feature films in 2003 to 590 in 2007
The economists say what needs to be empirically measured is whether income from complementary products offset the decline in income from internet piracy .
They do claim there 's " clear evidence " that income from compliments have risen in recent years .
" For example , concert sales have increased more than music sales have fallen , " the paper states .
" Similarly , a fraction of consumer electronics purchases and internet - related expenditures are due to file sharing . "
The paper concludes that file - sharing technology has weakened copyright protection , but the policy discussion surrounding it has been " overly narrow , " focusing on the legality of new technology and whether or not declining sales in music are due to piracy .
" Copyright exists to encourage innovation and the creation of new works ; in other words to promote social welfare , " the paper states .
The question to ask is thus whether the new technology has undermined the incentives to create , market , and distribute entertainment . "
The paper ends by noting that because the music industry – the biz with the largest purported impact from piracy – has more than doubled the amount of recordings produced since 2000 , it 's hard to argue that file - sharing has lowered the incentives to create new works .
A copy of the working paper can be found here . ®
What can a young woman ’s new job tell us about America ?
A lot , apparently , if the young woman is Jenna Bush Hager , the 27 - year - old daughter of the most recent President Bush , and the job is “ Today ” show correspondent .
Hager teaches at a charter school in Baltimore .
She ’s written a children ’s picture book with her mom ( “ Read All About It ! ” ) and a book about a young woman in Panama struggling with H.I.V. ( “ Ana ’s Story ” ) .
Hager met the subject of “ Ana ’s Story ” while working as an intern for UNICEF in Latin America a few years ago .
Both books were Times bestsellers .
Yesterday the “ Today ” show announced Hager as its newest correspondent .
She ’ll be filing a story about once a month .
Hager told the Associated Press that she wants to “ focus on what I ’m passionate about . . . education , urban education , women and children ’s issues and literacy . ”
Hager and her new gig are perfect grist for Gawker .
“ Jenna Bush is nice , and fun ! , ” wrote Foster Kamer .
“ And know what ?
This is actually somewhat likable in its complete and utter boldfaced stunt - casting nature .
And while this might not exactly be a ratings boon — at all — educational it shall be : all you aspiring TV anchors , look to the stars !
You apparently have a better chance of getting there than on Today . ”
But this time around , Gawker ’s not the only one bringing the snark .
Take , for example , Glenn Greenwald at Salon :
They should convene a panel for the next “ Meet the Press ” with Jenna Bush Hager , Luke Russert , Liz Cheney , Megan McCain and Jonah Goldberg , and they should have Chris Wallace moderate it .
They can all bash affirmative action and talk about how vitally important it is that the U.S. remain a Great Meritocracy because it ’s really unfair for anything other than merit to determine position and employment .
They can interview Lisa Murkowski , Evan Bayh , Jeb Bush , Bob Casey , Mark Pryor , Jay Rockefeller , Dan Lipinksi , and Harold Ford , Jr. about personal responsibility and the virtues of self - sufficiency .
Bill Kristol , Tucker Carlson and John Podhoretz can provide moving commentary on how America is so special because all that matters is merit , not who you know or where you come from .
There ’s a virtually endless list of politically well - placed guests equally qualified to talk on such matters .
. . .
All of the above - listed people are examples of America ’s Great Meritocracy , having achieved what they have solely on the basis of their talent , skill and hard work —
The American Way .
By contrast , Sonia Sotomayor — who grew up in a Puerto Rican family in Bronx housing projects ; whose father had a third - grade education , did not speak English and died when she was 9 ; whose mother worked as a telephone operator and a nurse ; and who then became valedictorian of her high school , summa cum laude at Princeton , a graduate of Yale Law School , and ultimately a Supreme Court Justice — is someone who had a whole litany of unfair advantages handed to her and is the poster child for un-American , merit - less advancement .
“ Meh , ” says Ta - Nehisi Coates , in response to Greenwald ’s call for an special sons - and - daughters “ Meet the Press . ”
“ We ’re too busy focusing on issues . ”
Like Black Panthers who steal elections … from black people .
Or why William F. Buckley had “ half a point ” when he claimed that the “ White community ” in the South was “ the advanced race . ”
Seriously , move along .
Nothing to see here .
At the American Propsect , Adam Serwer cast the hiring in terms of a recent blog debate over incomes and intelligence :
Last week , Greg Mankiw wrote a post casually asserting that people with “ good genes ” make lots of money and pass their intelligence off to their kids who then get high SAT scores .
John Sides and Brad DeLong demolished Mankiw ’s argument , but I think Mankiw ’s assumption is informative here :
The right does n’t mind privilege being retained , by whatever means , within those groups that already have it , because it proves their theories about meritocracy .
But when someone like Sonia Sotomayor goes from the South Bronx to Princeton valedictorian to the Supreme Court , it forces the question of how much people of privilege depend on their circumstances — their financial and social advantages — to succeed rather than their ability or intelligence .
That ’s uncomfortable for some people to think about , and it ’s part of why Sonia Sotomayor provokes outrage over “ merit , ” while glaring examples of preferential treatment for the privileged do not .
At Making Light , Patrick Hayden goes with a failing empire , Russian - style theme :
Our children and grandchildren will remember these strutting second - and third - generation media peacocks they way we look back at the White Russian officer corps — as examples of astonishing decadence .
They will wonder how these people , out of all those who could be discussing the day ’s events , were the ones chosen to be on television , day after day , as the world careened toward ruin .
Andrew Sullivan , commenting on Greenwald ’s post , works the late empire theme as well , but his concerns go beyond pique over ratings ploys by television networks .
Nepotism , he writes , is a symptom of a greater national disease .
In the last several days support for lifting the ban on gays serving openly in the military has been surfacing on numerous fronts , leading even those who have been critical of the Obama administration for not moving fast enough on gay rights issues to feel encouraged .
On Oct. 7 Rep. Patrick Murphy , D - Pa. , said , on national cable television , that he has 176 of the required 218 co-sponsors in the House on a bill , H.R. 1283 , that would overturn the Pentagon policy known as “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell . ”
That law , passed by Congress in 1993 , prohibits gay , lesbian and bisexual individuals from openly serving in the U.S. Armed Forces .
Under the law more than 13,000 men and women have been discharged from the military , including 800 medics and fighter pilots , and 60 Arabic linguists .
In the Senate , meanwhile , Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - N.Y. ) announced , also on Oct. 7 , that hearings on repeal of the discriminatory law will take place this fall , perhaps as early as this month .
Gillibrand took up this issue soon after she inherited former Sen.
Hillary Clinton ’s seat in an effort to broaden her political appeal to a larger , more progressive electorate .
Gillibrand said she personally appealed to Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin to hold hearings on “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell . ”
She does not hold a seat on Levin ’s committee but has connections .
Sen .
Levin is the uncle of Steve Levin , winner of a recent City Council primary election in New York .
The younger Levin and Gillibrand share the same political mentor – New York Sen. Chuck Schumer .
“ I do believe that we will have the support in Congress that we need , ” the senator said .
“ And I think there ’s more support than you think . ”
She also said that “ the White House is 100 percent on board with this effort . ”
The developments in Congress came only two days after it was reported that President Obama will speak Saturday at the annual dinner for the Human Rights Campaign , a leading gay rights advocacy group .
The president ’s speech comes only a day before the National Equality March which will take place in Washington on Sunday and is expected to bring thousands of gay rights supporters to the National Mall .
The president ’s appearance at the dinner is seen by gay activists as a significant show of his support for gay rights at a time when some in the movement have questioned the speed with which his administration has moved on gay rights issues .
The president has professed support for ending the ban on gays in the military and called the law that forbids federal recognition of same - sex marriages discriminatory .
Adding to the anticipation that major progress on gay rights is closer than ever , however , was news that came out of the Pentagon itself last week .
Reports began appearing Sept. 30 that an article in the next issue of the Pentagon ’s top scholarly journal calls in clear terms for lifting the ban on gays serving openly in the military , arguing that the military is essentially forcing thousands of gay men and women to lead dishonest lives in an organization that emphasizes integrity as a fundamental tenet .
The article in the upcoming issue of Joint Force Quarterly , which is published officially by the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , was written by an Air Force Colonel who studied the issue for months while a student at the National Defense University in Washington and who concludes that having openly gay troops in the ranks will not hurt combat readiness .
The Pentagon says that the office of Admiral Mike Mullen , the Joint Chiefs chairman who is the nation ’s top military officer , reviewed the article before it was published .
“ After a careful examination , there is no scientific evidence to support the claim that unit cohesion will be negatively affected if homosexuals serve openly , ” writes Col .
Om Prakash , who works directly under Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates .
“ Based on this research , it is not time for the administration to re-examine the issue ; rather it is time for the administration to examine how to implement the repeal of the ban . ”
Prakash cites the examples of other militaries – including Australia , Israel , the United Kingdom and Canada – that allow gays to serve openly .
“ There was no mass exodus of heterosexuals , and there was no mass ‘ coming out ’ of homosexuals , ” he said .
The article says the “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” law “ conflicts with the American creed of ‘ equality for all , ’ places commanders in difficult moral dilemmas , and is ultimately more damaging to the unit cohesion its stated purpose is to preserve . ”
AP photo
The UK is facing the real risk today of a bombing campaign that targets random civilians for death – but it is being virtually ignored .
When its supporters step closer every day to mass murder , nobody notices .
When its perpetrators are caught , there is ( at best ) a little flick of information in News in Brief , before everyone goes back to talking about the Strictly Come Dancing race row .
This silence suggests something dark about us – and requires us to change our behaviour , fast .
The campaign I am talking about is not being planned by jihadis or fringe Irish nationalists but by white " neo - Nazis " who want to murder Asians , black people , Jews and gays in the bizarre belief it will trigger a " race war " .
They have struck before .
Exactly a decade ago , a 22 - year - old member of the British National Party called David Copeland planted bombs in Brixton , Brick Lane ( where I live ) , and a gay pub in Old Compton Street .
He managed to lodge a nail deep in a baby 's skull , and to murder a pregnant woman , her gay best friend , and his partner .
He bragged : " My aim was political .
It was to cause a racial war in this country .
There 'd be a backlash from the ethnic minorities , then all the white people would go out and vote BNP . "
The police are warning ever - more urgently that similar attacks seem to be coming today .
The West Yorkshire Police recently launched a huge series of raids against far - right groups and found them in possession of 80 bombs – considerably more even than any jihadi group has been caught with in British history .
Last year , a 43 - year - old man called Neil Lewington was arrested " on the cusp " of waging a " terror campaign " , it emerged at his trial .
He had built a bomb factory in his parents ' house which he planned to use to launch attacks against people he considered to be " non-British " .
He was only caught by chance : he picked a panicked fight with a train conductor , and the police who turned up found he was laden with explosives .
The list of far right - wingers who have been busted for planning violence has spiked up in the past few years .
In the home of a BNP election candidate called Robert Cottage in 2008 , the police discovered " the largest amount of chemical explosives ever found in this country " , they said .
The same year , a thug called Martyn Gilleard was caught with a huge stash of nail bombs , and rage - filled letters in which he declared : " I am so sick of hearing nationalists talk of killing Muslims , of blowing up mosques , of fighting back , only to see these acts of resistance fail to appear .
The time has come to stop the talk and start to act . "
He was only caught by fluke : the police busted him for distributing child porn .
It 's not hard to get in on this act .
There are dozens of far - right websites that explain – with handy video links – how to make bombs , and then urge you to head to the nearest mosque , synagogue or gay club .
But as the New Statesman 's Mehdi Hassan has pointed out , as far as public debate goes , it 's as if these crimes never happened .
While planned attacks by jihadis ( rightly ) dominate the news agenda for days , these remarkably similar plans pass unmentioned and unnoticed .
This disjunction exposes a rash of hypocrisy .
The parts of the right that gleefully blame all Muslims for the actions of a tiny minority are mysteriously reluctant to apply the same arguments to themselves .
If Martin Amis was consistent , he should now declare : " The white community will have to suffer until it gets its house in order .
What sort of suffering ?
Not letting them travel .
Deportation .
Strip - searching people who look like they 're from Hampshire or from Surrey ...
Discriminatory stuff , until it hurts the whole community and they start getting tough with their children . "
But of course he wo n't .
It shows the bigotry at the core of these make - all - Muslims - pay arguments : they see brown - skinned people as a homogenous mass who can be collectively punished , while they see white people as discrete units who should only be punished individually .
But these white bomb - makers also blast holes in the arguments put by some small parts of the left , who claim " terrorism " is only a response to " legitimate grievances " .
We can see that somebody like David Copeland simply had an insane hatred of black , Asian and gay people .
It 's a form of soft racism to fail to see that the same lunacy can happen to non-white people .
The vile Islamist gang who wanted to blow up the Ministry of Sound really did say the women there were " slags " who deserved to die for wearing miniskirts .
Sometimes ( but not always ) , the grievances that drive violence are simply deranged and have to be resisted .
While the threat of far - right violence is rising , the BNP leader , Nick Griffin , is going to appear on Question Time next week .
It would be easy , and emotionally satisfying , for me to join the many well - intentioned protesters who are saying he should n't be there , but I can't do it .
There are two reasons – one moral , and one pragmatic .
Freedom of speech includes the freedom to say abhorrent and repulsive things , or it is n't worth having .
Why is our Britain vastly morally superior to the fantasy island that the BNP dream of building ?
Because we do not silence them – even though they would silence so many of us .
Then there 's the pragmatic reason .
The BNP is doing increasingly well in elections because there is a huge gap between the reality of the BNP and how their voters see them .
I see this on the run -down estates where many of my relatives live : most of the BNP 's voters believe they are a patriotic party who will peacefully defend the rights of the white working class , just as other organisations peacefully defend the rights of other ethnic groups .
When they find out the BNP leaders have in fact praised Britain 's greatest enemy , Adolf Hitler , derided the Holocaust as " the Holohoax " , had violent maniacs in their senior ranks , and want to deport many of our national heroes like Ashley Cole and Trevor McDonald , they are disgusted , and withdraw their support .
There is only a very , very small constituency in Britain for Holocaust denial , mass " repatriations " , and the mongering of " race wars " .
So how do we close this perception gap ?
Shutting the BNP out of debate has n't worked .
They have been shut out and they have grown .
In the darkness , the fungus can spread .
The greatest disinfectant is sunlight , shone straight into Griffin 's face .
The only people who should fear free speech are the BNP , because when the British people hear what they have to say , and their lack of answers to basic factual questions , they are repelled .
One of the areas where everyone should see Griffin being challenged is over this question of far - right violence .
He claims he is " strongly " opposed to these freelance attacks – yet he has kept violent attackers in his senior team .
His chief lieutenant for years was a man called Tony Lecomber , who was jailed for three years in the 1980s for plotting to blow up the offices of a left - wing political party .
After he was released , he and a gang then beat a Jewish teacher unconscious .
When he was freed after another three years inside , he was swiftly promoted through the BNP ranks .
He was only ditched after he approached a Liverpool hitman to discuss how they could " take out " a cabinet minister .
One of the leading figures in the BNP 's online operation , Lambertus Nieuwhof , tried to blow up a mixed - race school in South Africa in 1992 .
The BNP is happy to have him nonetheless .
Nieuwhof says : " Everybody should be allowed to make a mistake . "
The BNP is not directly organising violence , but it has tolerated violent madmen in its midst , and its arguments have encouraged violence .
Griffin has demanded " rights for whites with well - directed boots and fists " .
He reacted to the Soho nail - bomb by one of his own party 's members by attacking the victims , saying they were " flaunting their perversion in front of the world 's journalists , [ and had ] showed just why so many ordinary people find these creatures disgusting " .
Let Griffin speak his filth to the nation , and sweat under David Dimbleby 's forensic questioning .
He will only discredit himself .
But the country also needs to start acknowledging the danger of bombs thrown from the far right .
David Copeland came from within the ranks of the BNP ; so might the next one .
The police need to monitor neo -Nazis as closely as jihadis , and the Government projects to prevent violent extremism should be working with white kids as well as Muslim children .
We need to prepare ourselves now : the next person to bomb Britain might not look like Mohammed Sidiq Khan – he might look like me .
Source : Independent
Belfast Telegraph
What will the PS3 Slim do for Sony ?
At GamesCom today
Sony made the big annoucements everybody already knew .
A new Playstation 3 was to be released imminently at a slimmed down size and a slimmed price point of $ 299 ( £ 249 or € 299 depending on where you live ) .
Not ones to hang around , Sony say you can find yourself a not so shiny PS3 Slim as soon as September .
Exciting times , but what does this mean for Sony and what does it mean for you ?
What it will ..
Get the party started – Having finally gotten to the typical console launch price of $ 299 Sony can finally get their groove on .
That they ’re still here owes a lot to their main competitors ability to turn the screw when they were really down but a slimmed down PS3 is finally a realistic competitor to Microsoft ’s staple configuration and that ’s good for everyone .
Re-invigorate Japan –
The decline of the Japanese videogame market in 2009 has been sad to see .
Formerlly the 2nd largest market in the world , it ’s fall cannot just be attributed to the global recession .
An American console on Eastern shores can only do so much .
What Japan needs is a strong Sony .
Undoubtedly chastened by it ’s failure on home soil , a redesign presents a much needed oppourtunity for a relaunch more than a price cut ever could .
For the Japanese consumer , size does matter .
A smaller unit combined with a release as big as they come in terms of Final Fantasy XIV will hopefully give gaming in Japan just the fillip it needs .
Japanese developers are some of the best in the world and they deserve the fruits of their labours to be successful at home .
Be much smaller – More so than the leaked pictures would have had you believe .
It ’s total volume , weight & power consumption has been reduced by a third .
Given the original PS3 made the original Xbox look like a feather this is a good thing .
You can forget putting anything on top of it though , they ’ve kept the curved design .
What it wo n’t …
Surprise anyone – Sony ’s recent track record in keeping announcements a secret is awful .
If it ’s not loose lipped executives or retail flyers it ’s leaked pictures .
Megaton announcements used to be a staple of Sony conferences .
Now we ’re just left with the graphs .
Emulate PS2 games – Contrary to earlier rumours , the PS3 Slim will not have full PS2 emulation .
If playing your old PS2 games on a PS3 is important to you best stick to your existing older model or find one on eBay .
For what it ’s worth , the ability to install Linux has also been removed .
Not that anyone used it .
Win the console war –
No doubt manning the battallions on internet forums around the world , a large price cut is a rallying cry loud and clear .
Trends that have been established over the past three years however , will not be reversed overnight .
Sony may well now be here to party but it ’s still the most expensive machine on the market and that wo n’t mean Nintendo or Microsoft will stop dancing .
If they want to make the most of this momentum , Sony have to throw their not inconsiderable talents into compelling software and more of it .
At GamesCom today
Sony made the big annoucements everybody already knew .
A new Playstation 3 was to be released imminently at a slimmed down size and a slimmed price point of $ 299 ( £ 249 or € 299 depending on where you live ) .
Not ones to hang around , Sony say you can find yourself a not so shiny PS3 Slim as soon as September .
Exciting times , but what does this mean for Sony and what does it mean for you ?
It will …
Get the party started – Having finally gotten to the typical console launch price of $ 299 Sony can finally get their groove on .
That they ’re still here owes a lot to their main competitors inability to turn the screw when they were really down but a slimmed down PS3 is finally a realistic competitor to Microsoft ’s staple configuration and that ’s good for everyone .
Re-invigorate Japan –
The decline of the Japanese video game market in 2009 has been sad to see .
Formerly the 2nd largest market in the world , it ’s fall cannot just be attributed to the global recession .
An American console on Eastern shores can only do so much .
What Japan needs is a strong Sony .
Undoubtedly chastened by it ’s failure on home soil , a redesign presents a much needed opportunity for a relaunch more than a price cut ever could .
For the Japanese consumer , size does matter .
A smaller unit combined with a release as big as they come in terms of Final Fantasy XIII will hopefully give gaming in Japan just the fillip it needs .
Japanese developers are some of the best in the world and they deserve the fruits of their labours to be successful at home .
Be much smaller – More so than the leaked pictures would have had you believe .
It ’s total volume , weight & power consumption has been reduced by a third .
Given the original PS3 made the original Xbox look like a feather this is a good thing .
You can forget putting anything on top of it though , they ’ve kept the curved design .
It wo n’t …
Surprise anyone – Sony ’s recent track record in keeping announcements a secret is awful .
If it ’s not loose lipped executives or retail flyers it ’s leaked pictures .
Megaton announcements used to be a staple of Sony conferences .
Now we ’re just left with the graphs .
Emulate PS2 games – Contrary to earlier rumours , the PS3 Slim will not have full PS2 emulation .
If playing your old PS2 games on a PS3 is important to you , best stick to your existing older model or find one on eBay .
For what it ’s worth , the ability to install Linux has also been removed .
Not that anyone used it .
Win the console ‘ war ’ –
No doubt manning the battalions on Internet forums around the world , a large price cut is a rallying cry loud and clear .
Trends that have been established over the past three years however , will not be reversed overnight .
Sony may well now be here to party but it ’s still the most expensive machine on the market and that wo n’t mean Nintendo or Microsoft will stop dancing .
If they want to make the most of this momentum , Sony have to throw their not inconsiderable talents into compelling software and more of it .
( CNN ) --
When Iraq war veteran Angela Peacock is in the shower , she sometimes closes her eyes and can't help reliving the day in Baghdad in 2003 that pushed her closer to the edge .
Sgt. Angela Peacock is seen in 2004 , after she returned to the United States from duty in Iraq .
While pulling security detail for an Army convoy stuck in gridlocked traffic , Peacock 's vehicle came alongside a van full of Iraqi men who " began shouting that they were going to kill us , " she said .
One man in the vehicle was particularly threatening .
" I can remember his eyes looking at me , " she said .
" I put my finger on the trigger and aimed my weapon at the guy , and my driver is screaming at me to stop . "
" I was really close to shooting at them , but I did n't . "
Now back home in Missouri , Peacock , 30 , is unemployed -- living in a friend 's home in North St. Louis County without a lease and paying minimal rent .
She points to the Baghdad confrontation as a major contributor to her struggles with drug abuse and post - traumatic stress disorder , or PTSD .
She says she 's one step away from living on the street .
See details on vets , including homeless »
Shortly after her discharge in 2004 , Peacock said , she developed an addiction to pain pills .
After her husband left her , she was evicted from her apartment , which she said made it impossible for her to obtain a lease or a mortgage .
She spent the next few years " couch surfing " from friend to friend , relative to relative .
Watch how Los Angeles helps its 15,000 homeless vets »
" I could be kicked out of this house at any time , " she said .
Experts say that Peacock 's profile is similar to that of many female veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
In fact , the rate of female homeless vets is increasing in the United States , according to the federal government and groups that advocate for homeless people .
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs defines PTSD as a type of anxiety that affects people who 've experienced a particularly traumatic event that creates intense fear , helplessness or horror .
" You 're sitting on your couch and you hear a car go down the street , and you think it 's going to come through your house -- so you kind of catastrophize things automatically , " Peacock said .
" That 's stuff normal people do n't do , but if you 're in a combat zone on convoys all the time , you can't help but do that . "
People in Peacock 's life " just do n't get it , " she said , " so you just isolate . "
PTSD can trigger depression , experts say , leading to job loss and a rapid downward spiral toward homelessness .
Many times , these newly homeless women also have children to care for , advocates say .
Making matters worse , Peacock and other returning vets from Iraq and Afghanistan have been hammered by a struggling economy and skyrocketing unemployment rates .
The jobless rate for post - 9/11 veterans is higher than the overall U.S. rate and has nearly doubled in the past year to 11.3 percent , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
In addition , about 1.5 million veterans -- 6.3 percent -- had incomes below the federal poverty line , according to a 2005 congressional analysis of census figures .
Homeless U.S. veterans Estimated homeless veterans : 131,000
Estimated homeless female veterans : 13,100
Estimated post -9/11 veterans : 7,400
Estimated number of female post -9/11 veterans : 740
12 percent of homeless veterans younger than 34 are women
Jobless rate for post -9/11 veterans : 11.3 percent
Sources : Department of Veterans Affairs , Bureau of Labor Statistics
With the U.S. Army now at 15 percent female , and more women providing supporting roles in combat zones , female vets are becoming homeless at a faster rate than men , said Department of Veterans Affairs spokesman Pete Dougherty .
Conservative estimates count about 131,000 homeless veterans in the United States , most of them from the Vietnam War era .
The VA has pinpointed 3,717 homeless veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan , but the nationwide total could be as many as twice that -- about 7,400 , he said .
The VA estimates about 10 percent of all homeless veterans are women , making the estimated number of homeless Iraq - Afghanistan female veterans about 740 .
Dougherty said that number is rising .
Peacock blames her PTSD on many incidents during her time in the military , including " a bunch of small near misses , like sniper fire on a convoy , and waiting for somebody to throw an IED over , and the constant fear that I 'm going to die . "
She also says she was raped by a noncommissioned officer while deployed in South Korea in 2001 .
She said that on the advice of a soldier who outranked her , she never officially reported the rape .
" He said if you tell , they 're going to put you on trial and make you look like a party girl , " she said .
Peacock said the Army reached out to her to investigate the rape accusation , but she refused to cooperate because she did n't think the investigation would do any good .
CNN.com contacted the Army about Peacock 's story and has not yet received an official response to her allegations .
Known in the ranks as MST , military sexual trauma is another factor homeless advocates point to as a possible cause for PTSD .
To fight the problem , some communities are developing outreach systems to catch homeless women vets before they fall too far .
Tracking veterans and determining early on when they 've lost jobs and are about to lose their housing has met with some success , said Steve Berg , vice president of programs and policy at the National Alliance to End Homelessness .
At - risk vets would get immediate assistance , said Berg , such as help negotiating with a landlord or finding a new job or short - term financial assistance .
iReport.com :
Ask a veteran about his or her greatest concerns
Another idea that has had some success , according to Berg , is called the rapid rehousing approach -- identifying veterans when they first show up at a homeless shelter .
" If you help them get right back into housing , you get better results than if you let people stay homeless for a long time and then try to fix them , " Berg said .
Now heading the VA is Eric Shinseki , the Army four - star general who retired in 2003 , shortly after angering some Bush administration officials by telling a Senate panel that more troops were needed to pacify Iraq after the invasion .
Shinseki has vowed to end homelessness among veterans within five years .
Funds totaling $ 75 million from the VA and the Department of Housing and Urban Development in 2008 made vouchers available for 10,000 units of permanent housing for homeless vets in all 50 states .
Shinseki has announced another $ 75 million in June aimed at providing another 10,000 homes .
" They 're good programs , " Berg said , " but they do n't have a big enough capacity . "
Theoretically , if $ 75 million a year gets 10,000 veterans off the streets and into homes , it could be possible to house all 131,000 homeless veterans with about $ 975 million , Dougherty said .
The Senate is considering legislation to provide care and services for homeless veterans with children .
Cosponsored by Sen. Patty Murray , D - Washington , the bill would authorize $ 50 million in VA special needs grants over five years .
Peacock , who has no children herself , says she 's been sober for three years .
Determined to " heal her demons , " she says she 's working on a 12 - step addiction program and receiving hourlong sessions each week with a VA therapist .
Peacock also said she takes part in a VA vocational rehabilitation program that has provided her with a dog she named GI Joe .
" Well -- his name was already Joe -- I added the ' GI , ' " she laughed .
Eventually , she plans to return to college , become a " transpersonal psychologist " and help others with PTSD .
" It 's like spiritual psychology , " Peacock explained .
" You explore your place in the world and your place in life . "
Her plan is " to save myself first , and then I can help somebody else . "
" I 'm getting there , " Peacock said .
" It 's kind of slow , but I 'm clean and sober and I have a new support circle and I 'm in my hometown again .
It 's definitely better , and I 'm not done yet . "
All About U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs • National Coalition for the Homeless • Iraq War
The new hypothesis suggests that life on Earth originated at photosynthetically - active porous structures made of zinc sulfide similar to deep - sea hydrothermal vents .
Credit : The Institute for Exploration , the University of Rhode Island ( URI ) Graduate School of Oceanography ( GSO ) , and the URI Institute for Archaeological Oceanography .
The Miller - Urey experiment , conducted by chemists Stanley Miller and Harold Urey in 1953 , is the classic experiment on the origin of life .
It established that the early Earth atmosphere , as they pictured it , was capable of producing amino acids , the building blocks of life , from inorganic substances .
Now , more than 55 years later , two scientists are proposing a hypothesis that could add a new dimension to the debate on how life on Earth developed .
Armen Mulkidjanian of the University of Osnabrueck , Germany and Michael Galperin of the U.S. National Institutes of Health present their hypothesis and evidence in two papers published and open for review in the web site Biology Direct .
The scientists suggest that life on Earth originated at photosynthetically - active porous structures , similar to deep - sea hydrothermal vents , made of zinc sulfide ( more commonly known as phosphor ) .
They argue that under the high pressure of a carbon - dioxide - dominated atmosphere , zinc sulfide structures could form on the surface of the first continents , where they had access to sunlight .
Unlike many existing theories that suggest UV radiation was a hindrance to the development of life , Mulkidjanian and Galperin think it actually helped .
“ The problem of the origin of life is such that you have to answer a set of different questions to explain how life has originated , ” says lead author Mulkidjanian .
“ We just provide answers to the problem of energetics of the origin of life . ”
Altering the Early Atmosphere
According to Mulkidjanian , the debate about whether life could arise from chemical reactions began to change when scientists started to question the atmospheric conditions used by Miller and Urey .
In their famous experiment , Miller and Urey replicated the early Earth atmosphere with a mixture of methane , hydrogen , ammonia and water vapor .
This mixture , along with some “ sparks ” which simulated lightning , led to the formation of amino acids .
With this setup , Miller and Urey assumed that the early Earth had a reducing atmosphere , which meant it had large amounts of hydrogen and almost no oxygen .
Miller - Urey experiment ( 1953 ) .
Image : YassineMrabet , via Wikipedia .
However , many scientists have now abandoned the notion of a reducing early Earth atmosphere .
Instead , they believe Earth had a neutral atmosphere , composed primarily of carbon dioxide , with smaller amounts of nitrogen and hydrogen , similar to the modern atmospheres of Mars and Venus .
Researchers who have repeated the Miller - Urey experiment under the new atmospheric assumptions , including Miller , have shown that this new mixture does not produce amino acids .
“ After it became clear that the origin of the atmosphere was made of carbon dioxide , ” says Mulkidjanian , “ there was no physically or chemically plausible hypothesis of the origin of life . ”
Living organisms can exist only if there is some form of energy flow — solar radiation or chemical reactions , for example .
“ If you have an atmosphere of carbon dioxide , you need , in addition , a source of electrons to reduce carbon dioxide if you want to make complex compounds , ” Mulkidjanian explains .
From A -biotic to Zinc
Mulkidjanian ’s “ Zn world ” hypothesis presents a different version of the prebiotic Earth atmosphere — one in which zinc sulfide plays a major role in the development of life .
In nature , zinc sulfide particles precipitate only at deep - sea hydrothermal vents .
Its unique ability to store the energy of light has made it popular in many modern - day devices , from various types of television displays to glow - in - the - dark items ( and zinc oxide is used in sunscreen ) .
Its ability to store light makes zinc sulfide an important factor in the discussion on life ’s origin .
Mulkidjanian explains that , once illuminated by UV light , zinc sulfide can efficiently reduce carbon dioxide , just as plants do .
To test the hypothesis , Mulkidjanian and Galperin analyzed the metal content of modern cells and found “ surprisingly high levels of zinc , ” particularly in the complexes of proteins with DNA and RNA molecules .
“ We have found that proteins that are considered ‘ evolutionarily old ’ and particularly those related to handling of RNA specifically contain large amounts of zinc , ” Mulkidjanian says .
The scientists say the result is evidence that the first life forms evolved in a zinc - rich environment .
But as the authors indicate in their paper , acceptance of a new hypothesis for the origin of life will likely require more work , particularly to further describe the nature of life and the chemical reactions in these zinc - rich communities .
“ We cannot explain fully the properties of modern organisms unless we understand how life has originated , ” says Mulkidjanian .
For astrobiologists , this new hypothesis presents a considerable shift in the debate on the origin of life .
“ If this hypothesis is adopted in the origins of life community , it would represent a real conceptual shift , and so it would be significant , ” says NASA astrobiologist Max Bernstein .
“ Whether it will be adopted or not eventually I cannot say , but I expect that many will want to see experimental evidence of the viability of reactions consistent with the hypothesized scheme under prebiotic conditions . ”
Source : Astrobio.net , by Anuradha K. Herath
Explore further Origins of life
Arsenal will be without their Danish striker Nicklas Bendtner for tomorrow 's Champions League game against Olympiakos after the striker was involved in a car accident .
The 21 - year - old was driving along the A1 yesterday morning , towards South Mimms , when his car left the road .
It is understood no other vehicle was involved in the incident and a Hertfordshire police spokesman said : " We were called at 10.15 am to a report of a single vehicle road traffic collision .
A black Aston Martin vehicle had left the road .
The driver was not seriously injured . "
His manager Arsène Wenger said today : " Nicklas did not practise because he had a car accident .
Fortunately there was no real long - term damage , but he was bruised and we thought it better he did not train .
He should be back for Sunday 's game [ against Blackburn ] . "
The East of England Ambulance Service said he had a " very lucky escape " suffering a pain in his shoulder and grazes on one of his knees .
" When the ambulance crew arrived at the scene they found a car which was badly damaged after it collided with the hard shoulder fence and a tree , " a spokesman said .
" A man who we believe to be 21 - years - old received minor injuries .
Following a check over by paramedics , he did not require to go to hospital . "
Theo Walcott is expected to return from a back problem in time for the weekend , but Denílson is set for up to two months on the sidelines with a fracture to his back .
The goalkeeper Manuel Almunia , meanwhile , is still troubled by a chest infection so Vito Mannone will continue in his place following the Italian 's man - of - the - match display against Fulham on Saturday .
Samir Nasri [ leg ] , Lukasz Fabianski [ knee ] and Johan Djourou [ knee ] remain out .
One man who will almost certainly start against Olympiakos is Robin Van Persie .
The Dutch striker became the centre of attention when he scored Arsenal 's winner against Fulham on Saturday evening after earlier admitting he occasionally dives for penalties .
Wenger , though , was quick to defend the player yesterday .
" Sometimes when a striker is fouled , he wants to make sure the referee sees that , which is what basically Robin was talking about , " said the Frenchman .
" He wanted to show there is a difference between what people call diving and being fouled .
" In fact , the television showed a great example of it at Manchester United when a penalty was not given when [ Patrice ] Evra fouled Van Persie 100 % .
He had to go down , but when you go down , you make sure the referee notices you have been fouled .
" There is a trend all over Europe to give less fouls and less penalties than before – at Italy there was a stage when they gave a penalty every time somebody collapsed . "
By Jon Kay
BBC News
They lived hundreds of miles apart , and never met face - to - face until they appeared together in the dock of Bristol Crown Court , but Vanessa George , Angela Allen and Colin Blanchard knew more about one another 's secrets than anyone else .
Police have said they could find no financial motive for the sexual assaults
After meeting online between autumn 2008 and spring 2009 , they exchanged thousands of messages via their phones and computers , some of which contained extreme and explicit images of child abuse , which one investigating officer described as " truly defying belief " .
All three defendants told police they met through Facebook , and then went on to exchange images via texts and e-mails .
But because officers can never hear the real - time phone conversations which took place , they say it is impossible to know exactly who initiated the relationship .
" I do n't think we 'll ever know who started the cycle , " said Det Supt Adrian Pearson of Nottinghamshire Police .
' Horrific and devilish ' " It will be one of the enduring mysteries of this investigation how three people who lived at different ends of the country , and came from different backgrounds and lifestyles , could meet online and then somehow start a conversation about child abuse in its most horrific and devilish form . "
Officers might not know how their cyber - relationship started but they do believe George , Allen and Blanchard were " equal parties " in the crime .
According to Det Insp Tony Creely of Greater Manchester Police : " They were as bad as each other .
Blanchard expressed love for each of the women [ in the texts ] , and they would both reciprocate .
" They would all discuss sexual matters of a crude and gross nature - and then the abuse of children . "
There is no evidence the images were sent beyond the three of them or any suggestion the pictures were taken for money .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Instead , officers believe the trio were involved in some kind of three - way contest - as if they were trying to outdo one another with increasingly sordid pictures .
" They were all willing participants , " said Det Supt Pearson .
" The texts and e-mails were becoming ever more outrageous , and the things they were talking about were accelerating all the time . "
The investigation began in Rochdale in June when a colleague logged on to the laptop of computer salesman Colin Blanchard to investigate his business dealings while he was on a work trip abroad .
When he discovered images of babies and toddlers being sexually assaulted he immediately contacted police .
Anger Blanchard had already been cautioned for downloading indecent images of children in 2002 and as a result had spent five years on the sex offenders register .
After examining his computer and other electronic devices , Greater Manchester Police arrested Blanchard on his return to the UK .
Blanchard 's e-mails and texts led officers to Vanessa George and Angela Allen .
The three had done nothing to encrypt or hide the contents of their messages .
One officer said : " It did n't take us long to work out who else we were looking for . "
Plymouth nursery worker George , 39 , was the first of the women to be arrested .
Her job as a childcare worker meant her arrest immediately provoked great anger and concern among parents .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Two days later she appeared in court , charged with serious sexual assault on babies and toddlers , as well as making and distributing indecent images of children .
Parents wept in the public gallery as the graphic charges were read out .
Then some of them pelted her prison van with bags of flour .
In all , George took about 150 indecent images on her camera - phone .
But despite extensive investigations , the police have not managed to identify any of the children , so about 30 families have been told that their children may have been among George 's victims - but they will probably never know for sure .
" It is just the worst feeling you can ever imagine , " said one parent who trusted George to look after her children .
" Feeling sick 24 hours a day .
Not being able to sleep .
Drinking during the day .
Everyone was the same - mums and dads in tears . "
' Truly evil '
But detectives said George remained " very calm and controlled " during questioning .
Det Supt Michele Slevin from Devon and Cornwall Police told the BBC that " in some ways George was slightly unemotional " .
Officers can find no evidence of George committing similar crimes in the past .
" We 've no explanation , do n't understand why she would start to do this kind of thing .
It 's something that sits within her and only she knows , " added Det Supt Slevin .
The second woman to be arrested was Angela Allen .
Also 39 , unemployed and single , she lived in Nottingham and was described by police as being " on the fringes of society " .
None of the three suspects we 're talking about are bathed in glory , but Angela Allen is truly evil
Det Supt Adrian Pearson Like George , she was charged with serious sexual assault and making and distributing indecent images of children .
Det Supt Adrian Pearson described her as " sinister and absolutely atrocious " , adding that Allen had shown " not one tear of remorse " .
He said : " None of the three suspects we 're talking about are bathed in glory , but Angela Allen is truly evil .
" The tone and the fantasies she described in her texts and e-mails were perhaps the most graphic of them all .
It was of a graphic nature you could not possibly describe , it was chilling . "
Det Supt Pearson said that this case was " absolutely unique in many ways " , not least because it involved women paedophiles .
" On the face of it , these three people appeared to be entirely normal .
But all of them were absolutely focused on their own sexual gratification .
" The number of victims , the scale of their deceit , the way that they manipulated relationships and the cunning they have all used for their own ends is really , really shocking . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pictured : Electric lollipop that allows blind people to ' see ' using their tongue
An electric lollipop that allows the blind to ' see ' using their tongue has been developed by scientists .
The extraordinary device converts images captured by a tiny camera into a series of electrical tingles , which can be felt on the tongue .
Nerves then send these messages to the brain , which turn the tingles back into pictures .
[ caption ]
After only a day 's practice , those using the machine were able to make out shapes , movement and read signs .
Some were even able to interpret objects after just 15 minutes of training .
One blind man , who was testing the device , is reported to have cried when he read his first letter .
The BrainPort device , which is expected to go on sale later this year , is unlikely to replace guide dogs or walking sticks , but could dramatically improve the lives of those with sight problems .
Dr William Seiple , of vision healthcare and research organisation Lighthouse International , which has been testing the device , said four blind volunteers had quickly learned how to find doorways and the buttons on a lift , pick out knives and forks , and read letters and numbers .
[ caption ]
They were also able to pick out cups and forks at the dinner table without having to fumble .
Dr Seiple said : ' At first , I was amazed at what the device could do .
One guy started to cry when he saw his first letter . '
Robert Beckman , of Wicab , which is developing the BrainPort , said : ' It enables blind people to gain perception - of their surroundings , displayedon their tongue .
' It enables them to identify objects , like a ball or distinguish letters of the alphabet .
They cannot necessarily read a book but they can read a sign . '
The BrainPort is made up of an inch - long video camera hidden in a pair of sunglasses , which the user wears .
Signals from the camera are sent along a cable to a handheld control unit , about the size of a mobile phone , and then to a lollipop shaped stick , which is placed on the tongue .
The control unit converts the image into a low resolution black , white and grey picture , which is then recreated as a square grid of 400 electrodes - around the size of a postage stamp - on the lollipop .
Each of the electrodes pulses according to how much light is in that area of the picture .
White areas have a strong pulse , grey areas have a weak pulse while black areas give no signal .
The control unit allows the user to zoom in and out , and adjust the contrast of the picture and intensity of the tingle .
Although users initially ' feel ' the image on their tongue , with practice the signals activate the ' visual ' parts of the brain for some people .
Aimee Arnoldussen , a neuroscientist with Wicab , said : ' It becomes a task of learning , no different than learning to ride a bike .
It 's similar to how a baby learns to see . '
Wicab , based in Middleton , Wisconsin , is submitting the BrainPort to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for approval this month .
It could be approved for sale in America by the end of the year and will cost about £ 6,000 .
If the tests are a success , it could be on sale in Britain next year .
Watch video footage of the BrainPort Vision Device at work ...
( CNN ) -- Katie Callaway
Hall trembled for four hours when she heard Phillip Garrido was arrested .
Katie Callaway
Hall said she wanted to scream when she heard that Phillio Garrido kidnapped someone else .
His name sent a flurry of emotion running through her mind .
" I screamed , " she told CNN's Larry King on Monday night .
" I started screaming ' Oh my god , Oh my god , it 's him . ' "
She has thought about him every day since November 22 , 1976 when he asked her for a ride at a supermarket in California , before handcuffing her , binding her and taking her to a mini- warehouse in Reno , Nevada , where he raped her .
Watch victim describe her terror »
Garrido was convicted for kidnapping and raping Hall , but was released after serving just over 10 years of a 50 - year sentence .
He was labeled a sex offender and put on lifetime parole .
" In many ways , the capture of Phillip Garrido has closed a chapter in my life , " Hall wrote for a Larry King blog .
" I do n't have to hide anymore .
I do n't have to live every day of my life wondering if he is looking for me .
I am finally free from the fear I have lived with since the day I learned he was paroled . "
Read what Hall wrote on the blog
Garrido and his wife , Nancy , were charged last week with crimes relating to the abduction of 11 - year - old Jaycee Lee Dugard in 1991 and her captivity in a hidden shed - and - tent compound in the couple 's backyard in Antioch , California .
" With all the joy I should feel , I want to scream from the depths of my soul , " she said .
" Scream because my fears turned out to be justified -- he struck again . "
While Hall has tried to suppress some of the memories of what happened to her that night , Garrido 's arrest took her mind back to that night in November .
" A man tapped on my window and asked for a ride , " she said .
" I agreed . "
When she stopped the car to drop him off , Garrido took the keys out of the ignition , according to court documents from Garrido 's appeal in the case .
Garrido , then 25 , " told [ Hall ] it was n't intentional that he had taken her , but that it was her fault because she was attractive , " according to the documents .
" Soon after , I was cuffed , bound , gagged , and taken to a warehouse , " Hall told CNN .
She was kept in the 6 by 12 - foot storage facility , which Hall remembers was stacked with half - opened boxes with China - type dishes inside .
Large , heavy carpets were hanging from the ceiling , spaced apart every few feet .
" It was like a maze , " she said .
" And in the back of the mini warehouse where he had me , he had it set up to keep someone for awhile . "
" Most of the details about what happened to me after I entered that warehouse have been repressed . "
She told Larry King that she feared for her life .
" I thought I was dead , " she said .
Hall was held in the small storage facility for five hours before she heard a noise .
" My recollections begin around 3 a.m. Someone banged on the door .
I remember thinking , ' Oh my God , his friends are coming , ' " she said .
" Garrido said , ' Do I have to tie you up or are you going to be good . ' "
She told him she would be good , but she knew if it was the police banging outside , she was going to " have to try something . "
" I barreled my way out of the warehouse completely naked .
I could see the officer and Garrido standing there .
They both looked at me like I was crazy , " she said .
" I could n't see the officer 's car .
I thought ' Oh God , he 's not a real cop . '
My state of mind was such that I could n't fully embrace what I was seeing .
Finally , I saw his police car . "
Garrido tried to tell the cop Hall was his girlfriend .
" I screamed , ' No I 'm not -- help me , help me , ' " she said .
" The officer told me to go back in and put my clothes on .
When I went inside , Garrido must have convinced the officer we were both on drugs , because he let Garrido go back into the building alone , " Hall said .
" I had already put some of my clothes on .
Garrido came back in and begged me not to turn him in . "
Half - dressed , Hall said she maneuvered past him and asked the police to keep him away .
" They asked if I was brought there against my will , " she said .
" I told them I was , that he had handcuffed and bound me .
An officer shined a light on my wrists , saw the sores from the handcuffs , and arrested Garrido . "
Though Garrido was put behind bars for what he did , Hall said that night changed her life forever .
" For years , I walked around like a zombie , " she said .
" I had to tell everyone I met what had happened to me -- because I did n't feel like myself .
It was as if I had to explain why I was n't ' normal . ' "
For her , that 's the biggest pain Garrido put her though .
" I was a good person .
I lived right , and treated others well , " she said .
" He changed my life in an instant .
I do n't feel like I can ever be that person again .
Being victimized is something that only a victim can understand .
I hate that he did this to me , and I doubt I 'll ever get over it . "
Though the trauma of her kidnapping has stayed with her all of these years , Hall said she could n't even begin to imagine the pain Garrido has caused Dugard and the two children she had with him .
" The only thing I can think of worse than what happened to me , is it happening to my child , " she said .
" I can't imagine what Jaycee is going through .
He had me for 8 hours .
He had her for 18 years .
" I was an adult , with instincts that helped me deal with the situation .
She was a child .
This is going to be with her for the rest of her life .
I can only wish her the best . "
Sony did n't have much to celebrate in the July NPD report on video game sales ; the company instead sent us a fact - sheet explaining just how great a deal the PS3 continues to be , pointing out all the ways the PlayStation 3 hardware bests the 360 and the Wii in terms of features .
" When you compare all the features against other industry offerings , there is no doubt that the PlayStation 3 provides the most complete entertainment system on the market today — right out of the box , " the company claims .
If a company offers a product with such wide and immediate appeal , it does n't usually need to bring up the competition ; it merely sits back and allows the product to speak for itself .
So what 's going on here ?
Make sure your features are the right ones
The major selling points of the system that Sony lists , including Blu-ray , wireless capabilities , and PSP interaction , may not be what the core gamer is looking for .
For Sony to make this argument , gamers have to find value in not having to connect an ethernet cable to the system , for instance .
Sony compares the 80 GB PS3 hardware to the 360 Arcade .
The difference in price : $ 200 .
Sony points out that it costs $ 100 to buy an add - on to make the 360 connect to your wireless network , but in many cases it 's a simple thing to connect the system to your wired network .
Convincing the consumer that they 're " getting " $ 100 of value out of the feature is a tough sell .
The same goes for the Blu-ray drive .
No one is going to argue that the PS3 is n't an incredibly able Blu-ray player — it 's one of the best players on the market , and future - proofed against later updates — but if you 're not in the market for a Blu-ray player it does n't add any significant value to the system .
For those of us interested in a high - end home theater , it 's a great value - add .
For others , it may be meaningless .
Sony also points out that its online play is free , but the fact remains that it still has n't reached feature parity with Xbox Live .
The one slam - dunk is the hard drive :
Sony gives you roomy drives with the ability to upgrade the hardware yourself , while the Xbox 360 sticks with proprietary , expensive , smaller drives .
We 're not trying to downplay how great the PS3 hardware is ; these features are real , they 're great , and they 're useful , but they may not be as important to the average gamer as Sony would like them to be .
In many cases , price is the most important factor , and while Blu-ray and wireless may be nice , they 're not always enough to convince a parent or grandparent to spend $ 200 extra dollars in the store .
Right now , price is everything , and no checklist will change that .
The secret ?
Just lower the damn price
We ran a poll in our gaming section asking readers how likely they would be to buy another console in the event of a price drop , and if so , what console they would be interested in .
While we usually let the responses cook for a week to gain the maximum number of respondents , it 's worth looking at what our readers are saying now : they want a PS3 , but they just need the price to come down .
Out of 3,708 respondents as of this writing , 65 percent are looking to buy a PS3 ... once the price comes down .
Only 28 percent of readers are waiting on the price to buy a 360 , and only eight percent would buy a Wii after the price comes down .
This is n't the most scientific of polls , but it sends a message : there are a large number of technophiles out there who just need the value to be a little better before they pick up a PS3 .
It 's no secret why : the system is great , and we can make the case for the game library all day long .
There is also the fact that the 360 is known for its hardware defects , while the PS3 has so far been rock - solid when it comes to reliability .
The list of exclusives coming by the end of 2009 and in 2010 are intimidating , including God of War 3 , Heavy Rain , and Uncharted 2 .
These are games that you 'll want to play , and they 're only coming to one system .
The argument that the system does n't have enough games to justify the purchase simply holds no water anymore , and it has n't for a long time .
But Sony needs to stop making the case that the system , as it exists now , is a great value for the price .
If the company has n't convinced gamers yet , reiterating the talking points is n't going to do it .
We think that there 's a clear hunger out there for the hardware , but buyers need a price drop to compete with systems that have $ 200 and $ 250 configurations .
If the price drop is truly coming , and we hope it is , Sony 's future could be bright .
It has the hardware , and the games , needed to be competitive .
Now it just needs the price .
KDE 's Project Silk
From : Sebastian Kügler < sebas - AT - kde.org >
To : kde - silk - AT - kde.org Subject : Introducing Project Silk Date : Fri , 18 Sep 2009 18:43:19 +0200 Cc : kde - devel - AT - kde.org , kde - core - devel - AT - kde.org , plasma - devel - AT - kde.org , kfm - devel -AT-kde.org Archive - link : Article , Thread
Hey everybody , ( re - sent with correct sender address ) [ Please direct replies to this email to the kde - silk list only to avoid too much cross-posting ]
This email is interesting for you , if you are * a developer of an application that could be enhanced by online content * a developer of an application that is integrating online content or services * a developer working on web technologies in KDE
If you did n't say " bingo ! " to at least one of those points , skip this email .
During Akademy in Gran Canaria , Richard Moore and I sat down in a bar and dreamed up a fully web integrated desktop , what features it would offer to the user and what is needed to get there .
Let me outline our departure position first and then talk about the goal we have in mind .
Many users have their data and online identity on the web .
Web - based email clients are ubiquitous , " googling " has become the new term for finding information , web - logs , social networks , micro-blogging are widely used for all kinds of purposes .
A large group of users uses a web browser 98 % of the time ( according to my own made - up statistics ) .
Yet , the web experience we deliver in KDE leaves many issues , or rather missed opportunities .
We have built a wonderful desktop , window effects that support running many applications at the same time in a -- for the user -- manageable way .
We have created a lot of new possibilities for an ergonomic and beautiful desktop , and strong applications on top of that .
Many developers want to develop KDE applications for non-desktop machine , such as smaller , mobile devices and media centers .
Basically , the two things that set the web apart are content and services .
Content is data , stored on the web ( or in the cloud ) .
Think of your emails , movies on youtube , travel information on wikitravel , schedules for the local transport system , restaurant menus and of course technical documentation on Techbase .
The concept of content includes both , private ( to the user , to a group of people ) and publicly accessible content ( for example websites such as wikipedia ) .
Services make the content data available , structure it , connect it and present it .
These services offer the content in different ways , for example as ( dynamic ) webpages , some in a more machine - friendly form such as XML REST APIs , RSS feeds .
The client used to access the data through the service nowadays is the web browser .
The current situation is that the service ships a complete application to the user .
Web applications that get their data live from the server and present it in a JavaScript - controlled HTML page are the norm .
One problem here is that it's for the service increasingly hard to anticipate what works for the client , a big detailed webpage might not fit on a small , hi-res screen with touch - screen input , small fonts and mouse - based navigation are both no - gos for a ten - foot interface with a remote control .
There is also very little consistency in both , appearance and interaction for the user across different web applications .
Project Silk 's goal is free the web from these limitations of the browser : * Content from the web becomes easily accessible to applications and in extension to the user *
Web applications become first class citizens on the desktop * Local clients are enhanced by the web , the web experience is enhanced by local clients ' possibilities .
What is Project Silk NOT ? *
It 's not just a new library , Silk is a coordinated effort to work on related topics *
It 's not an attempt to drag developers away from their projects , Silk is a group of people from different areas in KDE who share the similar goals *
It 's not boring . * A separate project .
Silk is a KDE - wide effort , online content can be used in many parts of KDE , and in fact it is already .
Good Silk examples are the web services framework in Amarok , OpenStreetMap integration in Marble , Photo uploads in Digikam , GetHotNewStuff for Plasma components .
Silk overlaps with many parts of KDE .
Konqueror , Nepomuk , Plasma , the Social Desktop , Akonadi and many individual applications .
The Silkiness Scale
The question " How silky is this application ? " can be split up into a number of aspects : *
It uses data from the web ( 1 point ) *
It caches data for offline usage ( 1 point ) *
It is a native client to enhance web content ( 1 point ) * ... for more than one device ( 1 point )
What 's the status ?
Project Silk has just started , but not from zero .
There are many parts in KDE that make applications silky already .
Many of the technologies in KDE and Qt make silky applications very easy to do .
There is very little coordination and sharing between those scattered bits and pieces , however .
We 've also produced some new , silk - driven code .
In the Silk Git repo , there is a webpage thumbnailer , and a prototype of a standalone web application done by Rich and me .
Some people have started working on Silk projects in other parts of KDE , such as Alessandro , who is working on an online video dataengine for Plasma .
People such as Flavio have shown interest to put develop his QtJson library in the Silk repo .
The first code has in fact been written the morning after we started thinking about Silk , it 's the wikipedia KRunner .
Where to go from here ? * A write - up of ideas from that bar in Las Palmas : http://techbase.kde.org/Projects/Silk *
Some of the code we 've been working on : http://gitorious.org/project-silk * Selkie experimental standalone web app : http://techbase.kde.org/Projects/Silk/Selkie * Subscription page for the kde-silk@kde.org mailinglist : https://mail.kde.org/mailman/listinfo/kde-silk * IRC channel : # kde- silk on Freenode
Thanks for listening so far . :) -- sebas
http://www.kde.org | http://vizZzion.org | GPG Key ID : 9119 0EF9
A 49 - year - old gay man from Queens , N.Y. , remained in a medically
induced coma on Monday after being attacked by two men as he left a
corner deli near his home Friday around 3 a.m .
Jack Price is in serious but stable condition .
One suspect has been arrested and the other is still being sought in the incident , which police view as a hate crime , according to the Associated Press .
“ Police say the two suspects taunted Price and yelled anti-gay slurs while he was in the store early Friday , ” the AP reported .
“ They attacked him outside , not far from his home in the middle - class Queens neighborhood of College Point . ”
Daniel Aleman , 26 , was arrested Sunday and charged with assault , aggravated assault as a hate crime , and aggravated harassment .
City Council speaker Christine Quinn , an out lesbian , called for the second suspect to be apprehended quickly during a press conference on Monday .
“ I know the Queens community is outraged that hate has tainted their streets , and I know they will join with us in helping the local authorities find the second suspect , ” said Quinn in a statement .
“ I applaud the NYPD for taking swift action on this case , and I know they will continue their efforts until justice is served . ”
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Tempo scaduto !
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Sempre più in alto .
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Il notaio conferma .
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Ma potrebbe giocare il jolly .
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Con lo spot Bocchino diede la linea .
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Con lui si chiude un ’era .
Geologica .
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
L’unico che faceva ancora domande .
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Ecco cosa succede a chi rompe l’amicizia con Berlusconi .
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Finalmente Corrado ha qualcuno con cui sparlare di Baudo .
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Con lui se ne va un pezzo di storia di Mediaset .
Purtroppo il pezzo sbagliato .
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Fu membro della Resistenza e poi sostenitore di Forza Italia .
Non sempre si sceglie la busta giusta .
È morto Mike Bongiorno , colpito da un infarto a Montecarlo .
La Ferrari ripiega su Fisichella .
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Lo spegnimento del segnale analogico non conosce ostacoli .
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Grande cordoglio in tutta Italia .
E poi dicono che ce ne freghiamo degli immigrati .
È morto Mike Bongiorno , il padre della televisione italiana .
Non era più lui da quando gli hanno stuprato la figlia .
È morto Mike Bongiorno .
Finalmente avrà un padrone con meno manie di grandezza .
( Pare che i coccodrilli fossero pronti da tempo .
Oggi ne ho visto uno di Enzo Biagi )
Berlusconi : “ Aveva il sogno di diventare senatore e io mi ero attivato per realizzarlo ” .
A cosa servono gli amici , se non a rinfacciarti i favori quando sei morto ?
Costanzo : “ Lo ricordo per l’ultima telefonata ” .
Era a carico del destinatario .
Ora riposerà in pace .
Grazie a Eminflex .
Commenti
Demonstration gegen Überwachung : Video zeigt Polizei - Attacke
Zehntausende Menschen protestieren in Berlin weitgehend friedlich gegen Überwachungsmaßnahmen .
Das Video eines Bloggers zeigt allerdings eine brutale Polizeiattacke .
Zehntausende Menschen haben am Sonnabend in Berlin gegen staatliche und privatwirtschaftliche Überwachungsmaßnahmen protestiert .
Die Demonstration unter dem Motto " Freiheit statt Angst " sei " ein voller Erfolg " gewesen , sagte ein Sprecher der Veranstalter am Abend .
Der Protest habe deutlich gemacht , dass das Thema Datenschutz in der Mitte der Gesellschaft angekommen sei .
Die Demonstration wurde von einem Bündnis aus 167 Organisationen unterstützt , darunter Bürgerrechtsgruppen wie dem Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung , der Liga für Menschenrechte und dem Chaos Computer Club , Gewerkschaften , Parteien und Schülergruppen .
Bekannte Oppositionspolitiker wie die Grünenvorsitzende Claudia Roth waren ebenfalls auf der Veranstaltung dabei .
Constanze Kurz , Sprecherin des Chaos Computer Club , freute sich , dass " massig Parteiprominez aus der Opposition da war . "
Und weiter : " Es ist gut , dass wir den Parteien das Thema in diesem lahmen Wahlkampf noch einmal in Erinnerung gerufen haben . "
Die Demonstration war Teil eines internationalen Aktionstages , zu dem Proteste unter anderem in Schweden , Tschechien und Großbritannien gehörten .
Die Demonstranten zogen vom Potsdamer Platz aus vorbei am Holocaust - Mahnmal weiter über die Straße " Unter den Linden " und dann wieder zurück zum Potsdamer Platz .
Sie riefen unter anderem " Wir sind hier und wir sind laut , weil Ihr uns die Freiheit klaut " , " Freiheit statt Angst " oder " Einmal in der EDV kennt Deine Daten jede Sau . "
Auf den Transparenten spielten die Protestler mit gängigen Klischees ( " Ihr werdet Euch noch wünschen , wir wären politikverdrossen " ) , machten kurz und prägnant ihrer Forderung nach einer Begrenzung potenziell gefährlicher Technologien Luft ( " Stopp RFID " ) oder stellten gängige Begründungen für Überwachungsmaßnahmen in Frage ( " Freiheit stirbt mit zu viel Sicherheit " ) .
Auf der Abschlusskundgebung am Potsdamer Platz sprach unter anderem Franziska Heine , die im Frühjahr dieses Jahres eine Onlinepetition gegen ein Gesetz zur Sperrung von Internetseiten initiierte .
Sie sagte : " Eine Politik die uns , die Bürger dieses Landes , in erster Linie als potenzielle Terroristen , Kinderschänder oder Amokläufer sieht , zerstört die Grundlagen unserer Demokratie " .
Die Dienstleistungsgesellschaft ver.di hatte ihren Chef Frank Bsirske nach Berlin geschickt .
Er sagte , in Staat und Wirtschaft sei der " Kontrollwahn " ausgebrochen .
In vielen Vorstandsetagen fehle jegliches Unrechtsbewusstsein .
Bsirske nannte namentlich die Unternehmen Lidl , Schlecker , Deutsche Telekom und Deutsche Bahn als schlechte Beispiele .
Nachhilfe in Sachen Datenschutz brauche aber offensichtlich auch der Staat , der eigentlich die Standards vorgeben müsste , sagte der ver.
di-Vorsitzende Bsirske weiter .
Auch der Datenschutzbeauftragter von Schleswig - Holstein , Thilo Weichert , griff das Gesetz über die Internetsperren an .
Dieses helfe nicht gegen Kinderpronografie .
Statt dessen müssten Ordnungsbehörden und Strafverfolger professionell gegen Wirtschaftskriminelle , Kinderpornografen und Gewalttätige , die das Netz für ihre asozialen Ziele missbrauchen , eingesetzt werden , sagte Weichert .
" Für die Bevölkerung benötigen wir Informations - und Meinungsfreiheit , nicht Totalkontrolle " , forderte der Datenschützer .
Die Demonstration verlief weitgehend friedlich .
" Für eine solch große Veranstaltung war es sehr , sehr ruhig " , sagte ein Sprecher der Berliner Polizei während der Abschlusskundgebung am Potsdamer Platz .
Die Zahl der Festgenommenen bewege sich zwischen acht und zehn , man wisse nicht genau " ob wir wirklich zweistellig geworden sind . "
Es habe mehrere Verstöße gegen das Vermummungsgebot gegeben , sagte der Sprecher weiter , zudem habe jemand ein Messer dabei gehabt .
Am Rande der Abschlusskundgebung war es zu kleineren Rangeleien zwischen Polizisten und einigen Demonstranten gekommen , diese beruhigten sich meistens jedoch schnell wieder .
Allerdings hat der Blogger Fefe ein Video online gestellt , in dem zu sehen ist , wie Polizisten anscheinend grundlos einen Radfahrer und minidestens noch einen anderen Passanten attackieren .
In der Nacht zum Sonntag war die Polizeipressestelle für ein Statement allerdings nicht mehr zu erreichen .
In einer Pressemitteilung des Antifaschistischen Blocks werden ebenfalls Gewalt - Vorwürfe gegen die Polizei erhoben .
Während der Demonstration habe sich die Berliner Polizei weitgehend im Hintergrund gehalten , heißt es in dem Schreiben .
Auf der Abschlusskundgebung am Potsdamer Platz seien Beamte jedoch grundlos " massiv gegen Teilnehmer des Antikapitalistischen Blocks , aber auch Teilnehmer anderer Blöcke " vorgegangen .
Sowohl Schlagstöcke als auch Pfefferspray seien eingesetzt worden , die Polizisten sollen dabei mehrere Personen verletzt haben .
Diese lägen nun im Krankenhaus .
" Die genaue Zahl der Verletzten ist bisher noch unklar " , schreibt ein Sprecher der Antifaschistischen Linken in der Mitteilung .
" Mehrere Demonstranten wurden bis 20 Uhr teilweise brutal festgenommen .
Auch hierzu liegt noch keine genaue Zahl vor . "
Über die Zahl der Demonstranten gibt es unterschiedliche Angaben .
Die Polizei zählte am Anfang 10.000 Teilnehmer , wollte die Zahl am Ende der Veranstaltung jedoch nicht mehr kommentieren .
" Mehrere Tausend waren es jedenfalls " , sagte ein Sprecher .
Die taz - Redakteure zählten gegen 17 Uhr zwischen 13.000 und 15.000 Menschen , die Veranstalter sprachen am Schluss von 25.000 Teilnehmern .
Die Hunderttausend , die sich manch ein Bürgerrechtler gewünscht hatte , sind es allerdings nicht geworden .
Eine Woche nach der Antiatomdemonstration in Berlin abermals so viele Menschen zu mobilisieren , sei trotzdem ein großer Erfolg , sagte Rena Tangens vom Presseteam des Veranstalter - Bündnisses nach der Demonstration .
" Das zeigt uns , dass die Menschen keinesfalls politikverdrossen sind - sie haben nur kein Vertrauen in die herrschende Politik . "
WILL President Obama help the Khomeinist re gime regain some of the legitimacy it lost in last month ’s rigged presidential election ?
Former President Muhammad Khatami raised that question Sunday while meeting with families of some of the 5,000 activists arrested during anti-regime protests .
Khatami , a mid-ranking mullah , was echoing remarks by another former president , Ali-Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , who has indicated he wo n’t recognize President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s re-election to a second four - year term .
In his speech , Khatami suggested holding a referendum to establish the legitimacy of the regime .
He did n’t specify the question to be put to the vote but insisted that an “ outside authority , ” such as the United Nations , supervise it .
Remarks by both Rafsanjani and Khatami show that the opposition is determined to not endorse a second Ahmadinejad administration .
Even if such an administration seemed a fait accompli , much of the establishment , perhaps even a majority , would continue to withhold its allegiance .
The two former presidents have indicated they wo n’t attend Ahmadinejad ’s inauguration , which has been postponed to Sept. 2 in hope of finding a compromise to end the boycott .
To cover up his isolation at home , Ahmadinejad hopes to tempt the West with promises of negotiations .
Last week , Foreign Minister Manuchehr Mottaki said the government was “ putting finishing touches to a package of initiatives ” for submission to the 5+1 Group ( which consists of the United States , Great Britain , France , Russia , China and Germany ) as soon as Ahmadinejad is sworn in for a second term .
Mottaki ’s statement came hours after French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner disclosed that the European Union might withhold recognition of a second Ahmadinejad presidency until an “ internal compromise ” occurs in Tehran .
Kouchner , however , had to tone down his remarks when the Obama administration reiterated its determination to “ engage Iran ” regardless of who emerges on top in Tehran .
Meanwhile , Iran ’s state - run media have orders to highlight even the slightest sign of support from abroad .
For example , a brief cable by the Comoros Islands ’ president congratulating Ahmadinejad on his re-election made the headlines , while a speech by former US National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski ostensibly praising the Islamic Republic ’s “ democracy ” was highlighted and commented upon for days .
The state - controlled media also have orders to treat Obama with kid gloves .
Even his harsher statements about the Iranian election fraud are imputed to “ pressure from Zionist elements in Washington . ”
The opposition ’s strategy is to hammer home the claim that Ahmadinejad ’s presidency is rejected both inside and outside Iran .
Former Prime Minister Mir Hussein Mousavi , who claims he won the June 12 presidential election , has indicated that any agreements that Ahmadinejad might make with foreign powers would be “ unacceptable . ”
At a meeting last week with relatives of some of those killed in the recent protests , Mousavi warned foreign powers not to “ ignore the reality of the situation in Iran , ” urging them to be “ on the side of the Iranian people , not their oppressors . ”
Despite efforts to secure international support , Ahmadinejad has failed to persuade nations with diplomatic ties to Tehran to endorse his presidency publicly .
Of the 57 nations that form the Islamic Conference Organization , fewer than half have sent him congratulatory messages on his re-election .
Among Iran ’s 15 neighbors , only six have done so .
Ahmadinejad ’s first inauguration four years ago was attended by envoys from 87 countries .
This time , fewer than half are expected to attend .
Many “ historic figures of the revolution ” are also likely to stay away , signaling that Ahmadinejad might find it hard to regain enough legitimacy to lead Iran in a time of crisis .
Obama , however , could give Ahmadinejad a respite by welcoming him as a legitimate negotiating partner .
Ahmadinejad ’s advisers talk of a possible September meeting with Obama in New York during the UN General Assembly session .
Such a meeting would give both men the photo - ops they need to boost their respective political fortunes .
But what if Ahmadinejad is already mortally wounded politically ?
To cover his weakness , he may meet Obama and make noises about “ solving problems through negotiations . ”
As far as Obama is concerned , that would amount to fool ’s gold .
For if Ahmadinejad succeeds in restoring his hold on Iran , he ’s sure to return to his strategy of “ a world without America . ”
And if he does n’t re-impose himself , his successors might resent Obama ’s efforts to save the regime from drowning by inviting it to the lifeboat of substantive talks .
Obama would be wise to think twice before he issues such an invitation .
Sqlninja ( Gui Access Demo )
Description :
You can download Sqlninja from their website .
We covered Sqlninja basics in a previous video .
In this video we will see how we can get GUI access using Sqlninja .
We will learn how to integrate sqlninja and metasploit , showing how to start from a simple SQL Injection to finally obtain a full GUI access on the remote DB server
Tags : tools ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
How to design a good - looking website Keep your design balanced .
Compartmentalize your design by using grids .
Pick two or three base colors at most for your design .
Try to make the graphics go well together .
Improve your website ’s typography .
Make elements stand out by adding white space around them .
Have all elements connected .
Everyone and their grandfather ( and dog ) seems to have made a website these days .
The Web is getting more crowded by the day , with literally dozens of websites being added as you read this article .
It is becoming harder and harder to get noticed among the masses .
Did You Know
Create beautifully - designed web forms today .
You ca n’t have amazing web design without spiffy forms .
“ Fortunately ” for us designers , not everyone seems to understand what makes or breaks a Web design .
Granted ,
Web design is to a large extent a creative process and can therefore be called more art than science .
But because it is intrinsically a medium of presentation , some rules ( or at least principles ) apply .
By following some simple pointers , anyone should be able to create a visually pleasing design and take one step closer to fame .
Okay , it ’s not that simple , and talent and experience do matter , but anyone can turn their home page into something prettier within mere minutes .
So what makes something pretty ?
It is not Flash .
Not to say that Flash has no merit , but Flash alone does n’t make a design good ; some nasty Flash websites are out there .
Also , one does n’t have to be a great illustrator to make appealing designs .
Instead , look at Web design as a symbiosis of different elements .
No single element counts the most ; rather , the sum of the elements makes a design look good .
1. Keep your design balanced .
Balance is all about ensuring that your design does not tip to one side or the other .
It is like the balance of weight in achieving symmetry or asymmetry .
Look at the dog in the header graphic of Khoi Vinh ’s Subtraction website below .
I took this example from The Principles of Beautiful Web Design by Jason Beaird .
Jason points out how the cross to the right makes up for the added visual weight that the dog provides on the left .
It is a small but not insignificant detail .
See for yourself by hiding the cross with your hand .
This is what we call asymmetrical balance , and this is what balance is about .
If you ’re not careful about how you lay things out , the design will become unbalanced rather quickly .
You can manipulate the visual weight of a design in many ways , such as with color , size and the addition or removal of elements .
If you were to make the cross , say , a vibrant orange , it would become heavier and perhaps throw the layout off balance again .
Achieving asymmetrical balance is an especially delicate matter that takes time to fine - tune and a somewhat trained eye to really pull off .
Here below is another example of symmetrical balance , this one by The First Twenty .
Although the header graphic is asymmetrically balanced ( can you spot how it ’s done ? ) , the rest of the design lower down has symmetrical columns .
Asymmetrical balance might be harder to pull off , but it tends to make a design more playful .
You will find that every design you think looks good has a well - constructed balance underlying it .
And every design featured here scores high on each of the seven principles we discuss .
So take a minute to scroll up and down and see for yourself if they all pass muster .
2. Compartmentalize your design by using grids .
The concept of grids is closely related to that of balance .
Grids are a series of horizontal and vertical rulers that help you “ compartmentalize ” a design .
Think of columns .
Columns improve readability , making a page ’s content easier to absorb .
Spacing and the use of the Rule of Thirds ( or similar Golden Ratio ) make everything easier on the eye .
The Rule of Thirds and Golden Ratio account for why sidebars , for example , are usually about a third of the width of the page and why the main content area is roughly equal to the design ’s width divided by 1.62 ( equalling phi in mathematics ) .
We wo n’t get into why this is , but it does seem to hold true in practice .
It is also why the subject in professionally taken photographs is usually positioned not in the middle but at the intersection of an imaginary nine - square grid ( three by three , with two horizontal and two vertical lines ) .
The grid lends itself particularly well to minimalist designs .
5 Thirty One by Derek Punsalan shows why :
While the design is not visually impressive in itself , the clear strict structuring of elements makes it easy on the eye .
The left column is roughly twice the size of the right sidebar , which just makes sense and is something to think about when creating your own designs .
3 . Pick two or three base colors at most for your design .
What if you changed the base red on the The First Twenty website ( above ) to lime green ?
Would it look good ?
Most likely not .
Because it does not belong to the same color palette ( and of course lime green is n’t the easiest color to work with ) .
Websites such as ColourLovers exist for a reason .
You ca n’t just pick your colors Rambo - style , guns blazing .
Some colors go well together , others do n’t .
A lot of theories on colors and their combinations exist , including conventions on monochrome and contrasting schemes , but a lot comes down to common sense and having a feel for it .
Find out for yourself what works together .
Soak up as many website designs as possible , such as those featured on any of the many CSS showcase websites ( like Best Web Gallery ) , to get a feel for how colors interact with each other .
Pick two or three base colors at most for your design , and then use tints ( which are lighter , mixed with white ) and shades ( which are darker , mixed with black ) of these base colors to expand the palette where necessary .
Picking nice colors is as important as picking the right colors ( that is , the right colors for the job ) .
A Web design for a cozy little restaurant would do well with “ earthy ” tones : reds , browns , etc .
Of course , there is no such thing as a surefire recipe .
Every color sends out a message , and it is up to you to get the message right .
Bence Kucsan ’ website has a color scheme style of his own .
It ’s mainly monochromatic ( tints and shades of a single color ) and achromatic ( black and white ) with a color ( red ) to stand out :
The black and white conveys chic and professional , while the red adds the spice that makes certain elements stand out and keeps the design from looking dull ; of course , more than just red makes this design interesting .
By the way , one company in particular popularized this style .
Speaking of color , WebDesigner Wall by Nick La is pure bliss :
All of those soft pastels make this design shine .
At first glance , the color choices may look somewhat arbitrary , but when you look closely you notice a strictly defined color palette , which is necessary to ensure that all of the elements get along well .
The website , and especially its background , also demonstrates a good combination of colors and graphics , which brings us to number four …
4 . Try to make the graphics go well together .
Okay , great design does n’t need fancy graphics .
But poor graphics will definitely hurt a design .
Graphics add to the visual message .
Websites like WebDesigner Wall have impressive illustrations , while others are understated .
Tim van Damme uses only a handful of graphics on his website Max Voltar , but he implements them with the greatest thought and care .
A non-intrusive background image and a sophisticated crown are two of the graphics .
Visually , they are not overly impressive , but they all add to the look and feel of the website , and nowhere is one out of place .
For some time now , Max Voltar has had a different design than the one shown above .
But for the two months that this one was online , it was easily one of my favorites .
Because of this and because its use of graphics is so exemplary , I picked it over the latest version .
Rogie King ’s Komodo Media is a lot more graphics - heavy , perfectly executed from both a technical and thematic standpoint .
You may not be a great illustrator or photographer , but that does n’t mean you ca n’t put great graphics on your website .
Some basic Photoshop skill , possibly some stock images and great taste are all you need .
Try to make the graphics go well together , and make sure they embody the style you are aiming for .
We are not all gifted with the same natural ability , though .
You can pick up some things by learning from others , but sometimes you just have to pick the style that suits you best ( like a clean style if you are not the greatest of illustrators ) .
5 . Improve your website ’s typography .
The art of type is a tricky subject to talk about because it encompasses so many elements .
While it can be regarded as a branch of design , one can spend a lifetime mastering all of its aspects .
This is not the place to provide a complete typographic reference , so we will limit our discussion to what will benefit you in the short term .
Web typography is handicapped compared to print typography .
The biggest difference is our lack of complete control over the appearance of type on the Web , due to its dynamic character .
Obviously , dynamic rendering has its strengths , but Web designers have little control over the results , at least for now .
Missing fonts on the user ’s computer , differences in browser and platform rendering , and generally subpar support in CSS make Web typography a daunting if not frustrating task .
But while we may have to wait for CSS 3 for Web typography to reach its full potential , we have the means now to make it look interesting and , more importantly , pretty .
Font Stacks
There are several fairly easy ways to significantly improve your website ’s typography , three of which we ’ll cover here .
One of them is font stacks .
Font stacks are just basic CSS .
They let you define the order in which fonts should be rendered .
To be precise , we are speaking of typefaces here , not fonts .
For a good summary on this , please refer to Jon Tan ’s Typeface !=
Font .
body { font - family : " Helvetica Neue " , Helvetica , Arial , sans - serif ; }
The property above will give the body copy the typeface of “ Helvetica Neue . ”
This , however , requires that the user ’s computer has that particular typeface installed .
Macs nowadays come with Helvetica ( Neue ) pre-installed , but most Windows machines do n’t .
The beauty of font stacks is that you can define “ fallbacks , ” meaning that whenever a defined typeface is missing , the browser simply looks for the next one in line .
Of course , this means the design will not look exactly the same for everyone , and as such we lose some control yet again .
But for those who do not want to resort to another solution ( such as image replacement ) , this is the best that pure CSS offers at the moment ( until the day we can comfortably use @font - face ) .
Wilson Miner uses the font stack we cited above .
Helvetica Neue is an improvement of Helvetica .
And while Arial is installed on almost every computer ( at least on Windows and Mac machines ) and therefore a popular choice for the Web , most designers prefer Helvetica to Arial .
This way , you get the best of both worlds : Helvetica for those who have it and Arial in case Helvetica is unavailable .
Jon
Tan uses another interesting font stack for his headings :
body { font - family : baskerville , ' palatino linotype ' , ' times new roman ' , serif ; }
Only a relatively small number of visitors will see the headers in Baskerville , but that is not a problem .
It gives the design an extra bit of character while not hurting anyone who does n’t have it .
Again , font stacks are not a perfect solution , but they do give you an advantage .
Measure and Leading
Measure is the length of lines , and leading is the height ( or vertical spacing ) of lines .
In CSS , measure can be controlled by defining a width for the containing box ( e.g. the paragraph element ) .
Both affect readability .
If the lines are too short or too long , users wo n’t be comfortable reading the content ; one often sees this problem with fluid layouts .
Between 40 and 80 characters per line seems ideal .
Leading can be increased ( or decreased , if you really want to ) by defining the line - height CSS property .
Generally , a line height of 1.5 works well for paragraphs .
This means that when the size of the text is 12 points , the height of the line becomes 18 points ( 12 × 1.5 ) , which gives the text some breathing room .
Hanging Quotes and Bullets
A third way to improve readability is with hanging quotes and bullets .
Rather than leave the text of bulleted lists and quotes with the default alignment , horizontally align it with the rest of the text on the page .
Tim van Damme uses hanging bullets for his latest redesign of Max Voltar :
We have added the red line to emphasize how all of the text has been horizontally aligned .
By simply setting the padding - left CSS property of the bulleted list to 0 , you can achieve the same result .
Pulling off hanging quotes , on the other hand , is not as straightforward .
Most designers resort to a background image for quotation marks and then align accordingly , as done by Matthew Buchanan :
The hanging quotation mark here does not disrupt the flow of text .
It ’s a detail not often attended to but well worth the investment .
Print Rules That Do Not Apply
Print and Web are not the same .
That seems pretty obvious , but a lot of people treat them as if they were the same .
Print is fixed , and the Web is dynamic .
Having complete control over how your Web design will look for everyone is impossible .
Vertical rhythm , proper justified text ( with hyphenation and without rivers ) and multi-column layouts are just a few of the features of print that are ( almost ) impossible on the Web .
Thus , we have a lot to look forward to with CSS 3 .
CSS 3 will probably not be , however , a be - all and end - all solution , and it will likely be another few years before we can fully take advantage of it .
We simply have to accept these differences for now : do n’t look at the Web as an online version of print ; rather , use the intrinsic potential of the Web to its fullest .
A Word About Image Replacement
What about image replacement ( the technique of replacing fonts with images ) ?
We ’ve talked about font stacks , but are n’t they inferior to image replacement ?
Well , that depends on what you think is more important : being able to display the exact font you want or having dynamic , accessible and SEO - friendly content ?
Certain image replacement techniques have gotten pretty advanced , but they still are n’t as flexible as plain text .
Image replacement lends itself well to headers and excerpts , but it is hardly a solution for body text .
6 . Make elements stand out by adding white space around them .
White space , or negative space , has to do with what is not there .
Like measure and leading , white space gives text some breathing room and spatial peace .
You can make elements stand out by adding white space around them .
Copy , for example , should n’t look cramped .
To ensure readability , make sure paragraphs have sufficient padding .
Perfume ads — or any ad for a luxury product for that matter — are known for their use of white space … loads of it ; and a serif typeface for good measure .
I suppose it ’s time for a shameless plug .
The screenshot above is of my own website Shift ( px ) .
The design relies heavily on typography and white space .
White space probably takes up about 50 % of the page .
White space is one of the easiest ( because you are n’t really adding anything , are you ? ) and most effective ways to create a visually pleasing and readable design .
White space adds a lot of class to a design .
Do n’t be afraid to leave some holes open , even gaping ones .
Inexperienced designers are tempted to put something in every little corner .
Design is about communicating a message .
Design elements , therefore , should support this message , not add noise to it .
Another good example of plenty of white space :
Kyle Meyer ’s Astheria shows that not much is needed for a pleasing design .
Some people may confuse “ minimalist ” with “ simple . ”
But pulling off such a style is neither simple nor easy ( even if one does not have to be great with graphics or illustrations ) .
7 . Have all elements connected .
“ Connection ” is a bit of a made - up term here , but it seems to be the best one for what we mean .
Connection here refers to a Web design that has both unity and consistency .
These two attributes demonstrate the profesionalism of a design ( and thus its designer ) .
They are very broad attributes .
A design should be consistent in its use of colors , in its range of fonts , with its icons , etc .
All of these aspects count ; a design can look great and still suffer from inconsistencies .
When a design is inconsistent , its unity can be lost on the user .
Unity is slightly different from consistency .
Unity refers to how the different elements in a design interact and fit together .
For example , do the colors and graphics match ?
Does everything contribute to one unified message ?
Consistency , on the other hand , is found between the pages of a design .
Unity is perhaps the more important of the two .
Without unity , having a good design is hard .
Inconsistency , however , may look a bit “ sloppy ” but may not make the design “ bad . ”
Of the seven principles addressed in this article , connection is the most important .
Connection has to do with how all elements come together : balance , grid , colors , graphics , type and white space .
It is sort of the glue that binds everything together .
Without this glue , the design falls apart .
You could have pretty type and a brilliant and meticulously chosen color palette , but if the graphics are awful or simply do n’t match or if everything is crammed together without thought , the design will fail .
This is the hardest part of designing .
It is not something that can be easily taught or necessarily be taught at all .
A little natural ability and experience is required .
But it is what it is , and it makes a design look good in the end .
We praised Nick La ’s WebDesigner
Wall earlier because of its lovely graphics , but it is also a good example of connection .
When you look closely at the graphics and the style in general , everything has a hand - drawn watercolor look to it : the articles ’ images , the watercolored background images , the hand - drawn doodles and icons , the styling of the poll , and so on .
The attention to detail makes this design excel .
Further Resources
An additional resource
If you are new to web design , our guide on how to make a website is going to lead you all the way from the very beginning .
Conclusion
Good Web design is not limited to the seven key principles discussed here .
Aspects such as accessibility , readability and usability play a part , too .
This is the reason why Web design is so difficult .
Getting your feet wet in design is easy , especially today , with so many content management systems , blogging tools and themes readily available .
But truly mastering all of the facets of Web design takes time and , let ’s be honest , talent .
Having the ability to craft pretty designs is just one facet , but an important one .
WASHINGTON -- A top U.S. space researcher was arrested in a Federal Bureau of Investigation sting Monday and charged with attempting to spy for Israel .
Stewart Nozette , 52 years old , of Chevy Chase , Md. , is a former government physicist who worked for agencies ranging from the Defense Department to the White House .
In exchange for thousands ...
View Transcript
Transcript
Carol says , " Now what do I do ? "
Dilbert says , " Click some buttons and see what happens .
You can't hurt anything . "
Click Fzzeet !
Dilbert says , " In my defense , that hardly ever happens . "
It 's the last day of an unusually long weekend , and there 's absolutely nothing on the schedule .
Break out the tools and pull up one of these nifty DIY projects to improve your living space and boost your can - do cred .
Advertisement
10 . Light up your yard with mason jars
Advertisement
Buy a mess of ground - staked , solar or battery - powered yard lights from your local big box store , and people might be impressed at your ability to space the sticks you plunge into the ground .
Convert some run -of - the - mill mason jars into hanging votive lanterns , battery - powered backyard lights , or go the way of weekend editor Jason and make your own solar - powered sun jars , and you 'll get some real kudos , and have a nicer looking yard , to boot .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
9 . Make your patio a Wi -Fi hotspot
Advertisement
Three different solutions of varying DIY - ness can get your Wi-Fi out to your grassier spaces .
A self - powered solar extender is the ultimate in techno / eco-cred .
If that kind of cost , soldering , and circuit knowledge is a stretch too far , you can install DD - WRT or boost your household router with Tomato to boost its signal strength and , in the case of DD - WRT , turn an old or spare router into a dedicated repeater .
That still involves a bit of installing , though , so for a casual shot at backyard Wi -Fi , try a tinfoil parabola , a wok - style strainer , or a dollar 's worth of extender parts .
Advertisement
8. Build a backyard pizza oven
Advertisement
If you 've had wood - fired pizza before , you know it 's notably different and tasty , and almost always pricey .
You can have the good stuff whenever you feel like building a fire , however , with two different Lifehacker readers ' brick - by - brick instructions .
Kevin Lester showed us his fourth pizza oven build , while Mike Wilkie based his two - level oven on Forno Bravo 's extensive wood - fired guide .
You can do the same , and become the grill party invitation nobody turns down .
Build Your Own Pizza Oven
Suppose you were inspired by the cheap DIY home pizza oven — but were n't so sure your home insurance …
Read more
Advertisement
7. Assemble an outdoor movie theater
Advertisement
Your couch can only seat so many people .
Your yard or patio , however , can fit as many folks as feel comfortable , and offers a much nicer environment to eat , drink , watch , and enjoy the waning bits of summer air , whether for the kids or with friends .
Wired.com has hit upon this project twice , once with a house - mounted sheet and DVD / projector .
Then the Geek Dad tackled the idea with a stand - alone outdoor screen , built with PVC pipe , mounted in cement , and ready for easy setup and take - down .
You 'll need a decent projector for either setup , but often times , nobody at work minds if the presentation room is a little de-stocked on weekends .
6. Power up your Wii
Advertisement
You can't pull off the total renovation that you can with an XBox Media Center , but your Wii can do a lot more than let you play tennis against the in - laws .
You can surf the web with the recently - made - free Opera browser , and once that 's installed , a free Orb software package lets you use your Wii as a media center .
These days , opening your Wii to the Homebrew channel does n't even require the purchase of an ( admittedly great ) Twilight Princess game and extensive hacking , and once that 's done , you can back up and load games from a hard drive , play old - school games in an emulator , and much more .
Advertisement
5 . Build yourself a serious knife block
Advertisement
Two or three good , sharp knives are really all you need , but you 've probably got more than that .
If you bought them piece by piece , or do n't want to shell out for a generic hunk of wood , consider making your own wall - mounted magnetic holder for easy access and visual appeal , or cut a holder out of a counter for super - quick access .
We 're also partial to Chris DiClerico 's DIY universal knife block , which requires only a few bucks of wood , dollar store bamboo skewers , and access to a table saw .
Advertisement
4 . Get creative with enhanced paints
Advertisement
Go beyond the color spread at your local paint store , and you 'll likely find a good deal of neat paints that can inspire some awesome projects .
Dry -erase or " whiteboard " paint lets you jot down your ideas anywhere , and that inspired reader Chris Burke to make this awesome wall - size speech " bubble " .
He also layered some magnetic paint underneath , the kind that lets you hang posters without nails or tacks .
If school - style chalkboards are more your speed , you can grab a bucket of chalkboard paint , or make your own , and then craft an erase - as - you - go wall calendar , kid - friendly table , or wall mural ( sorry , original link is apparently dead ) .
If they made tinfoil - based Wi-Fi boosting paint , we 'd simply declare the whole house in need of a new look .
Advertisement
3 . Fold and cut your own furniture
Advertisement
You only occasionally need an extra seat or two for groups of guests , or maybe you just need a cheap place to sit when working in the garage .
The Evil Mad Scientist blog suggests buying a few sheets of paperboard or plywood and crafting some flat - packing but sturdy stools .
If it 's little ones you 're looking to seat , and entertain while you do so , the FoldSchool tutorial site details how to help kids make their own stepladders , creative kids table seats , and much more .
( Original post )
Advertisement
2 . Add rope lights for cheap ambient improvements
Advertisement
Gina 's father - in - law used rope lights ( and a nifty reverse circuit switch ) to craft an automatic pantry light system .
Jason added an eye - pleasing and light - improving touch to his extreme home office makeover with strategic rope lights .
Other crafty folks have found rope lighting useful for kitchen looks and ridiculously awesome home theater setups .
It 's inspiring , illuminating stuff , and fairly easy to get started with .
Extreme Lifehacker Home Office Makeover
When my messy home office got so cluttered I could n't get anything done in it , it was time to …
Read more
Advertisement
1. Spruce up a bare wall
Advertisement
Not every notably blank wall in your dwelling requires custom - framed artwork or expensive prints .
Gina combined her Flickr account and a few dollars of craft store hardware to craft a sleek wire photo wall , inspired by this wood block example ( original link down ) .
Adam found his inspiration in used record stores and great album art , crafting an album art wall on the cheap .
If great - looking books are what you want to show off , you can get by with very little by converting a colored wire hanger .
Build Your Own Wire Photo Wall
One of the rooms in my new place has a bare white wall that was just crying out for some creative Read more
Advertisement
What projects are you planning for your next all - to - yourself day off ?
Have you nailed down any of these projects with photo - worthy results ?
Tell us all about your goals and past glories in the comments .
CSS Differences in Internet Explorer 6 , 7 and 8
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
One of the most bizarre statistical facts in relation to browser use has to be the virtual widespread numbers that currently exist in the use of Internet Explorer versions 6 , 7 and 8 .
As of this writing , Internet Explorer holds about a 65 % market share combined across all their currently used browsers .
In the web development community , this number is much lower , showing about a 40 % share .
The interesting part of those statistics is that the numbers across IE6 , IE7 , and IE8 are very close , preventing a single Microsoft browser from dominating browser stats — contrary to what has been the trend in the past .
Due to these unfortunate statistics , it is imperative that developers do thorough testing in all currently - used Internet Explorer browsers when working on websites for clients , and on personal projects that target a broader audience .
This article will attempt to provide an exhaustive , easy - to - use reference for developers desiring to know the differences in CSS support for IE6 , IE7 and IE8 .
One of the most bizarre statistical facts in relation to browser use has to be the virtual widespread numbers that currently exist in the use of Internet Explorer versions 6 , 7 and 8 .
As of this writing , Internet Explorer holds about a 65 % market share combined across all their currently used browsers .
In the web development community , this number is much lower , showing about a 40 % share .
The interesting part of those statistics is that the numbers across IE6 , IE7 , and IE8 are very close , preventing a single Microsoft browser from dominating browser stats — contrary to what has been the trend in the past .
Due to these unfortunate statistics , it is imperative that developers do thorough testing in all currently - used Internet Explorer browsers when working on websites for clients , and on personal projects that target a broader audience .
You may also be interested in the following articles we published later :
Thanks to the many available JavaScript libraries , JavaScript testing across different browsers has become as close to perfect as the current situation will allow .
But this is not true in CSS development , particularly in relation to the three currently used versions of Internet Explorer .
This article will attempt to provide an exhaustive , easy - to - use reference for developers desiring to know the differences in CSS support for IE6 , IE7 and IE8 .
This reference contains brief descriptions and compatibility for :
Any item that is supported by one of the three browser versions , but not the other two
Any item that is supported by two of the three browser versions , but not the other one
This article does not discuss :
Any item that is not supported by any of the three browser versions
Proprietary or vendor - specific CSS
Therefore , the focus is on differences in the three , not necessarily lack of support .
The list is divided into five sections :
Selectors & Inheritance
Child Selectors
Example
body >p { color : # fff ; }
Description
The child selector selects all elements that are immediate children of a specified parent element .
In the example above , body is the parent , and p is the child .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Bugs
In IE7 , the child selector will not work if there is an HTML comment between the parent item and the child .
Chained Classes
Example
.class1.class2.class3 { background : # fff ; }
Description
Chained classes are used when the same HTML element has multiple classes declared , like this :
< div class= “ class1 class2 class3 ” >
< p > Content here .</ p> </div>
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Bugs
IE6 appears to support this property , because it matches the last class in the chain to an element having that class , however , it does not restrict the class to an element that has all the classes in the chain , like it should .
Attribute Selectors
Example
a [href ] { color : # 0f0 ; }
Description
This selector allows an element to be targeted only if it has the specified attribute .
In the example above , all anchor tags that have href attributes would qualify , but not anchor tags that did not have href attributes .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Adjacent Sibling Selectors
Example
h1+p { color : # f00 ; }
Description
This selector targets siblings that are adjacent to the specified element .
The example above would target all paragraph tags that are siblings of , and come directly after , primary heading tags .
For example :
< h1 > heading </h1 > < p > Content here .</ p> < p >Content here .</ p>
In the code above , the CSS styles specified would target only the first paragraph , because it is a sibling to the < h1 > tag and is adjacent .
The second paragraph is a sibling , but is not adjacent .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Bugs
In IE7 , the adjacent sibling selector will not work if there is an HTML comment between the siblings .
General Sibling Selectors
Example
h1~p { color : # f00 ; }
Description
This selector targets all siblings that appear after a specified element .
Applying this selector to the HTML example given in the previous section will select both paragraph tags , however , if one of the paragraphs appeared before the heading , that paragraph would not be targeted .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Pseudo - Classes and Pseudo - Elements
Descendant Selector After : hover Pseudo - Class
Example
a : hover span { color : # 0f0 ; }
Description
An element can be targeted with a selector after a : hover pseudo class , similar to how any descendant selector works .
The above example would change the font color inside all < span > elements inside of anchor elements while the anchor is hovered over .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Chained Pseudo - Classes
Example
a : first - child : hover { color : # 0f0 ; }
Description
Pseudo - classes can be chained to narrow element selection .
The above example would target every anchor tag that is the first child of its parent and apply a hover class to it .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
: hover on Non-Anchor Elements
Example
div : hover { color : # f00 ; }
Description
The : hover pseudo - class can apply a hover , or rollover state , to any element , not just anchor tags .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
: first - child Pseudo - Class
Example
div li:first - child { background : blue ; }
Description
This pseudo - class targets each specified element that is the first child of its parent .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Bugs
In IE7 , the first - child pseudo - class will not work if an HTML comment appears before the targeted first child element .
: focus Pseudo - Class
Example
a : focus { border : solid 1 px red ; }
Description
This pseudo - class targets any element that has keyboard focus .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
: before and : after Pseudo - Elements
Example
# box : before { content : " This text is before the box " ; } #box : after { content : " This text is after the box " ; }
Description
This pseudo - element places generated content before or after the specified element , used in conjunction with the content property .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Property Support
Virtual Dimensions Determined by Position
Example
# box { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; right : 100 px ; left : 0 ; bottom : 200 px ; background : blue ; }
Description
Specifying top , right , bottom , and left values for an absolutely positioned element will give the element “ virtual ” dimensions ( width and height ) , even if width and height are not specified .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Min-Height & Min-Width
Example
# box { min-height : 500 px ; min-width : 300 px ; }
Description
These properties specify minimum values for either height or width , allowing a box to be larger , but not smaller , than the specified minimum values .
They can be used together or individually .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Max - Height & Max - Width
Example
# box { max - height : 500 px ; max - width : 300 px ; }
Description
These properties specify maximum values for either height or width , allowing a box to be smaller , but not larger , than the specified minimum values .
They can be used together or individually .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Transparent Border Color
Example
# box { border : solid 1px transparent ; }
Description
A transparent border color allows a border to occupy the same space as would be occupied if the border was visible , or opaque .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Fixed - Position Elements
Example
# box { position : fixed ; }
Description
This value for the position property allows an element to be positioned absolutely relative to the viewport .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Fixed - Position Background Relative to Viewport
Example
# box { background - image : url ( images / bg.jpg ) ; background - position : 0 0 ; background - attachment : fixed ; }
Description
A fixed value for the background - attachment property allows a background image to be positioned absolutely relative to the viewport .
Support
IE6 No IE7 Yes IE8 Yes
Bugs
IE6 incorrectly fixes the background image in relation to the containing parent of the element that has the background set , therefore this value only works in IE6 when its used on the root element .
Property Value “ inherit ”
Example
# box { display : inherit ; }
Description
Applying the value inherit to a property allows an element to inherit the computed value for that property from its containing element .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Bugs
IE6 and IE7 do not support the value inherit except when applied to the direction and visibility properties .
Border Spacing on Table Cells
Example
table td { border - spacing : 3 px ; }
Description
This property sets the spacing between the borders of adjacent table cells .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Rendering of Empty Cells in Tables
Example
table { empty - cells : show ; }
Description
This property , which only applies to elements that have their display property set to table - cell , allows empty cells to be rendered with their borders and backgrounds , or else hidden .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Vertical Position of a Table Caption
Example
table { caption - side : bottom ; }
Description
This property allows a table caption to appear at the bottom of a table , instead of at the top , which is the default .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Clipping Regions
Example
# box { clip : rect ( 20 px , 300 px , 200 px , 100 px ) }
Description
This property specifies an area of a box that is visible , making the rest “ clipped ” , or invisible .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Bugs
Interestingly , this property works in IE6 and IE7 if the deprecated comma-less syntax is used ( i.e. whitespace between the clipping values instead of commas )
Orphaned and Widowed Text in Printed Pages
Example
p { orphans : 4 ; } p { widows : 4 ; }
Description
The orphans property specifies the minimum number of lines to display at the bottom of a printed page .
The widows property specifies the minimum number of lines to display at the top of a printed page .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Page Breaks Inside Boxes
Example
# box { page - break - inside : avoid ; }
Description
This property specifies whether a page break should occur inside of a specified element or not .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Outline Properties
Example
# box { outline : solid 1 px red ; }
Description
outline is the shorthand property that encompasses outline - style , outline - width , and outline - color .
This property is preferable to the border property since it does not affect document flow , thus better aiding debugging of layout issues .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Alternative Values for the Display Property
Example
# box { display : inline - block ; }
Description
The display property is usually set to block , inline , or none .
Alternative values include :
inline - block
inline - table
list - item
run-in
table
table - caption
table - cell
table - column
table - column - group
table - footer - group
table - header - group
table - row
table - row - group
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Handling of Collapsible Whitespace
Example
p { white - space : pre-line ; } div { white - space : pre-wrap ; }
Description
The pre-line value for the white - space property specifies that multiple whitespace elements collapse into a single space , while allowing explicitly set line breaks .
The pre-wrap value for the white - space property specifies that multiple whitespace elements do not collapse into a single space , while allowing explicitly set line breaks .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Other Miscellaneous Techniques
Media Types for @import
Example
@import url ( " styles.css " ) screen ;
Description
A media type for an imported style sheet is declared after the location of the style sheet , as in the example above .
In this example , the media type is “ screen ” .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Bugs
Although IE6 and IE7 support @import , they fail when a media type is specified , causing the entire @import rule to be ignored .
Incrementing of Counter Values
Example
h2 { counter - increment : headers ; } h2 : before { content : counter ( headers ) " . " ; }
Description
This CSS technique allows auto - incrementing numbers to appear before specified elements , and is used in conjunction with the before pseudo - element .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Quote Characters for Generated Content
Example
q { quotes : " ' " " ' " ; } q:before { content : open - quote ; } q:after { content : close - quote ; }
Description
Specifies the quote characters to use for generated content applied to the q ( quotation ) tag .
Support
IE6 No IE7 No IE8 Yes
Significant Bugs and Incompatibilities
Following is a brief description of various bugs that occur in IE6 and IE7 that are not described or alluded to above .
This list does not include items that lack support in all three browsers .
IE6 Bugs
Does n’t support styling of the < abbr > element
element Does n’t support classes and IDs that begin with a hyphen or underscore
< select > elements always appear at the top of the stack , unaffected by z - index values
elements always appear at the top of the stack , unaffected by values : hover pseudo - class values are ignored if anchor pseudo - classes are not in the correct order ( : link , : visited , : hover )
pseudo - class values are ignored if anchor pseudo - classes are not in the correct order ( , , )
An ! important declaration on a property is overridden by a 2nd declaration of the same property in the same rule set that does n’t use ! important
declaration on a property is overridden by a 2nd declaration of the same property in the same rule set that does n’t use height behaves like min-height
behaves like width behaves like min-width
behaves like Left and right margins are doubled on floated elements that touch their parents ’ side edges
Dotted borders appear identical to dashed borders
line - through value for text - decoration property appears higher on the text than on other browsers
value for property appears higher on the text than on other browsers
List items for an ordered list that have a layout will not increment their numbers , leaving all list items preceded by the number “ 1 ”
List items do n’t support all possible values for list - style - type
List items with a specified list - style - image will not display the image if they are floated
will not display the image if they are floated Offers only partial support for @font - face
Some selectors will wrongly match comments and the doctype declaration
If an ID selector combined with a class selector is unmatched , the same ID selector combined with different class selectors will also be treated as unmatched
IE7 Bugs
List items for an ordered list that have a layout will not increment their numbers , leaving all list items preceded by the number “ 1 ”
List items do n’t support all possible values for list - style - type
List items with a specified list - style - image will not display the image if they are floated
will not display the image if they are floated Offers only partial support for @font - face
Some selectors will wrongly match comments and the doctype declaration
Some IE bugs not mentioned here occur only under particular circumstances , and are not specific to one particular CSS property or value .
See the references below for some of those additional issues .
Further Resources
NBC kills “ Southland ” in a manner which will annoy even those who DIDN ’T watch it
It ’s one thing to kill a show when it ’s been struggling in the ratings but has n’t managed to gain a sufficient foothold with viewers .
It ’s quite another to pull the plug after the show has been renewed for a second season , several episodes have been completed for said season , and it has n’t even made it back to the airwaves yet .
Sadly , you ’ve probably deduced that it ’s the latter which has happened to NBC ’s “ Southland . ”
The news broke yesterday via The Hollywood Reporter , who revealed that production on the John Wells - produced cop series is being shut down before any episodes of its second season even make it to air .
“ Southland ” was originally slated to make its return to NBC on at the same time the rest of NBC ’s new shows emerged , but instead of having Season 2 kick off on September 18th , the 9 PM timeslot was filled on that Friday by “ Dateline NBC . ”
So it has remained ever since .
Plans had been afoot for the series to come back on October 23rd , but …well , obviously , those plans changed .
You barely need to read between the lines of Wells ’ statement on the matter in the Reporter ’s article to see that it was uttered through gritted teeth :
“ I ’m disappointed that NBC no longer has the time periods available to support the kind of critically - acclaimed series that was for so many years , a hallmark of their success , ” Wells said .
“ We remain extremely proud of ‘ Southland ’ and are actively looking for another home for the series . ”
Wells may have managed to maintain his politeness in the midst of being profoundly pissed off , but the same ca n’t be said of Michael Cudlitz , one of the stars of the show .
PopEater.com offered up a piece about the show getting its walking papers from the Peacock and cited Cudlitz ’s comments on his Twitter account , which – as of this writing , anyway – remain out there for the world to see :
* Do n’t go quietly ……..
People need to know when they fuck up this big .
Saw ep 2.1 …….. Dumb fucking people .
* season was so fucking good this year …….. I mean good .
* we are still in production .
The shows are very , very good …………
They have broken their word .
I should know better .
* Honestly , not bitter .
Kinda pissed .
I still believe the show would have done well on Fri .
I reckon we ’ll never know if “ Southland ” would ’ve succeeded on Friday nights or not , but here ’s hoping that someone … maybe TNT ?… will be agreeable to saving the series and giving it a chance to play out for at least a little bit longer .
Wells and his cast sat for a panel during the TCA tour in August , and the plans for the upcoming season sounded promising .
This actually was a surprise to me …not because I did n’t like what I ’d seen during Season 1 , but because when NBC ’s President of Primetime Entertainment , Angela Bromstad , talked about it , it sounded like it was going to be turning into a show that would feel more at home on CBS .
“ I think we ’ve made some creative adjustments .
I think they tried to do too much in those six episodes , and instead of re-piloting the pilot and letting the audience get more familiar with these characters , they sort of …you know , it became very serialized , and they were a large , large ensemble .
So it ’s really going to focus on Regina King and Ben McKenzie and the two sets of officers and detectives and sort of focus on , you know , crimes and how they come together . ”
To me , that sounded like they were basically going to be getting rid of the type of stuff that Wells brought to shows like “ E.R. ” and “ The West Wing . ”
But when we talked to Wells later in the tour and Bromstad ’s comments – which he had n’t heard – were brought up , he first smirked and said , “ Well , I think we are all interested in reading what Angela had to say to you the other day , ” then tried to calm us down :
The show we are making is the show that we wanted to make .
I think that , for people who have been watching the show , they will recognize it as the same show , and I think some of the more serialized elements that began to take over a couple of the final episodes will be less serialized , so that someone who shows up and just watches that episode will fully understand what ’s happening in the episode .
But we are very proud of the show we were making last year , and I think for most casual viewers of the series , they will not see a significant difference in what the show is bringing to them when they watch it .
What they had asked us to do when we were coming back was to make certain that the characters of the patrol officers and the detectives were appearing in every episode .
When we originally began planning the series , we had talked about doing episodes that would be solely about one group or one character , and they ’ve asked us not to do that in the future or move towards that .
They would like it to be an ensemble show , which has all of the characters in it on a weekly basis .
In the end , I think you have to trust Wells ’ track record as a producer and presume that he and fellow producer Christopher Chulack would ’ve still made Season 2 of “ Southland ” more than worth checking out .
In closing , I feel like I should offer up this comment from Wells during the “ Southland ” panel about NBC ’s decision to wipe out five hours of programming in favor of “ The Jay Leno Show . ”
I do n’t think I ’m wrong in suggesting that he might well have offered a more succinct response if the panel had taken place on NBC ’s TCA day rather than on the Warner Brothers lot , but whatever the case , it strikes me as ample proof that , although he might not be happy that NBC has kicked “ Southland ” to the curb , he ’s probably thrilled at the possibility that he has a chance to peddle his wares elsewhere :
“ Well , you know , it would be disingenuous for me to say anything other than this is what I do for a living , and we lost five hours ’ worth of time periods that had been known throughout the history of the network for putting some really terrific shows on .
So I wish NBC and Jay Leno well , personally .
He ’s a very nice guy .
But I hope he falls flat on his face and we get five dramas back .
I mean , you know , that ’s what I do for a living .
That ’s what I think should be on network television at 10:00 .
It should be an opportunity for narrative programs to be on the air .
So it ’s only one more thing that ’s going to force more and more dramas into the basic cable and pay cable world .
And they made the decision that they felt was necessary to make for financial purposes and whatever other decisions they had , but I hate it . ”
Here ’s a list of all these posts , which I ’ll keep updated as I add new ones .
Matters arising from last time .
A number of people asked , in the comments here and on Y Combinator , whether the change to using Qt instead of GTK in Maemo 6 will mean that Maemo 5 apps will need to be rewritten .
I think it ’s understandable that the switch will make people ask this question , but I do n’t foresee any problems .
If you want to write Qt applications , you can write them now under Maemo 5 and they ’ll run ; if you write GTK applications now , they will still run under Maemo 6 when it comes out .
The GTK libraries wo n’t stop shipping with Maemo just because Qt becomes the primary toolkit .
Work behind the scenes .
Today we ’re talking about packaging .
The version of raeddit we wrote last time downloads all the data from reddit and then puts up a window .
If you ’re on a slow connection , this could take several seconds .
The Maemo guidelines say programs should put up a window as soon as possible , and indeed if they do n’t put one up within a fairly long amount of time , the desktop assumes they ’ve stalled and puts up a message to tell the user there was a problem .
So I ’ve modified raeddit to put up the window immediately it launches , and to load the data in a separate thread .
I was simply going to put up one of those whirly “ please wait ” symbols in the titlebar , but my ten - year - old user interface consultant told me that percentage - loaded bars are much more helpful .
So I made the change to version 04 ( diff to version 03 ) , but since it has little to do with writing Maemo apps in particular , I ’m not going to go into great detail about it .
This also involved a slight change to the reddit client library , so that it could call a callback every so often to update the progress bar .
The new version is backward - compatible with the old .
Where to find the files .
The files we ’re going to talk about are at the link ; if you ’d like a local copy you can get one with
git clone http://www.gnome.org/~tthurman/pics/maemo/raeddit-04/.git
So , packaging .
Packaging under Maemo is n’t much different from packaging under Debian or Ubuntu .
I said last time that I was n’t going to replicate the contents of existing tutorials , and there are plenty of good packaging tutorials out there .
But I ’ll bend the rule a little in order to tell you what I changed to turn this into a packaged program .
The Makefile .
Last time we were compiling by hand , but now we need the package to be capable of building itself .
We could use autotools , but we ’re trying to keep things really simple .
So here ’s a simple Makefile that knows how to compile and install the program .
But what do we need to install ?
The compiled binary itself , into /usr / bin .
.
A desktop file , into /usr / share / applications .
This tells the desktop where to find the program , how to launch it , and what the icon is .
The moment you drop the file into that directory , through installing the package or otherwise , the desktop will pick it up and add it to the menus .
The file is pretty straightforward , but if you want the full details you can read the spec .
.
This tells the desktop where to find the program , how to launch it , and what the icon is .
The moment you drop the file into that directory , through installing the package or otherwise , the desktop will pick it up and add it to the menus .
The file is pretty straightforward , but if you want the full details you can read the spec .
An icon for the desktop file to refer to .
We ’ll use the obvious candidate– the reddit alien– and hope the reddit admins do n’t mind us borrowing their logo to refer to their site .
The debian / directory .
That ’s all very well , but we also need some instructions about how the package should be put together .
These live in the debian / directory .
There are only three you really need to concern yourself with :
debian / rules is another Makefile to explain how to package the program .
( Now you understand the in - joke with that shirt ) .
I ’ve been using the same debian / rules with minor ad hoc tweaks for a while now ; you can probably adapt it .
is another Makefile to explain how to package the program .
( Now you understand the in - joke with that shirt ) .
I ’ve been using the same debian / rules with minor ad hoc tweaks for a while now ; you can probably adapt it .
debian / changelog needs to say , at the very least , the date , your name , “ initial release ” , and that this is ( say ) version 0.01 .
needs to say , at the very least , the date , your name , “ initial release ” , and that this is ( say ) version 0.01 .
debian / control is mostly self - explanatory , but there ’s one thing you need to know …
Adding an icon to debian / control .
If we added the basic package to App Manager , it would appear like this :
The blue square means that it does n’t have an icon .
App Manager is n’t going to download and unpack every package just to see whether we ’ve included an icon , so we need to include one in debian / control , which will make its way into the package index .
However , there ’s not as much room , so it needs to be just 26 × 26 .
We ’ll just show the alien ’s head :
All we have to do to get it into debian / control is to uuencode it ( producing this result ) and then put it into debian / control , indented by one space , under the heading XB - Maemo - Icon - 26 : .
( No , I do n’t know what the B is for either . )
This makes our entry in App Manager much prettier :
Building it .
So now all we need to do is to run dpkg - buildpackage on our package , copy it to the phone , and install it .
Rather than show how to do that here , I ’ll just show you a log of me doing it , since it ’s quite a mechanical process .
Firing it up .
And now we can load the program from the ordinary menu and run it .
I would show you screenshots , but I think screencasts are far more fun .
So here ’s a quick video on YouTube of raeddit in use .
I ’ve added the current version of raeddit , such as it is , to maemo - extras , so that you can actually install it with App Manager if you feel so inclined .
One quick plug : if you ’d like to see a longer screencast of a more advanced Maemo 5 program , I ’m working on a location - aware system to find nearby belltowers hung for English full - circle change ringing .
It uses the database from Dove ’s Guide .
You can see a screencast of the work in progress here .
Next time , when the user clicks a post , instead of going straight to the linked site we ’ll figure out how to put up one of these menus :
After that , who knows ?
I added a long list of possibilities to the previous post , so feel free to advocate as to which you ’d like to see fixed first .
Italy 's prime minister , Silvio Berlusconi , today threatened to block the workings of the European Union unless commissioners and their spokespeople were gagged and prevented from speaking out on " any subject " .
His astonishing demand came after commission spokesman Dennis Abbott , from Britain , disclosed that the body would ask the Italian government for clarification of an incident on Sunday in which migrants trying to reach Italy were turned back to Libya .
Abbott said he was " surprised , really surprised " by the Italian prime minister 's attack .
" For days we have been saying that the commission is not criticising any EU state over its handling of immigration , " he said .
Berlusconi said Abbott 's words had been used by his opponents for their own ends .
" It is a problem I shall bring to the table of the next council of the heads of state and government , and my position will be precise and decisive , " he said .
" We shall no longer vote , blocking in effect the workings of the European council [ of ministers ] , unless it is decided that no European commissioner and no spokesperson may intervene publicly on any subject . "
Under Berlusconi's plan only the president and his or her spokesperson would be authorised to speak for the commission .
Those commissioners who defied the ban would be " dismissed for once and all " .
Last Friday it emerged that Berlusconi was suing a French magazine for an article on scandals involving him and was also seeking damages of € 1 m ( £ 0.9 m ) from an Italian newspaper for demanding answers to questions about his private life .
The same day his family 's newspaper accused the editor of the Catholic church 's daily of involvement in an affair allegedly involving homosexuality and harassment .
The bogeyman is a legendary ghost - like monster .
The bogeyman has no specific appearance and conceptions of the monster can vary drastically even from household to household within the same community ; in many cases he simply has no set appearance in the mind of a child , but is just an amorphous embodiment of terror .
This list looks at 15 bogeymen from around the world .
15 Japan
The Namahage visits each house on New Year ’s to ask if any misbehaving children live there .
If the parents are able to report that their children are not lazy and do not cry , he moves on to the next house .
14 Korea
The Korean bogeyman is called Kotgahm , which is the word for persimmon .
The legend is that a mother told her crying child that she would feed him to a tiger if he did not behave .
A passing tiger , hearing the threat , waited outside the door for his meal .
Instead , the mother gave the child a persimmon , a kotgahm , and the crying stopped .
The tiger thought the kotgahm must be a terrifically fierce creature to be more frightening than a tiger .
Today , the kotgahm is most often visualized as an old man with a mesh sack who carries naughty children away .
13 Spain and Mexico
Duérmete , niño , duérmete ya .
Que viene el coco y te comerá
Go to sleep child , go to sleep now .
The coconut man will come and eat you .
If you think of a coconut as a head , with the three holes the features of a face , you can see how El Coco might be transformed in the mind of a child to a hairy little man .
During the 16th and 17th centuries in Spain , there were orphan collectors , who took children away in sacks .
The misbehavior ?
Refusing to go to bed and sleep .
12 Finland
One of the most unusual of the world ’s bogeys is Groke , a giant blue blob who is so lonely and sad that the ground beneath her feet freezes as she walks .
She is not malevolent , just lonely .
But she frightens people , and they run from her .
11 England
There are many theories about the origin of the word “ bogeyman . ”
One is that it devolved from “ buggy man , ” the driver of the cart picking up corpses during the Black Plague that decimated Europe .
As in the United States , the bogeyman may be nothing more clearly defined than a mist or fog , scratching at windows , or he is sometimes thought of as a tall , gaunt , scarecrow - like man .
10 Scotland
The boggart is a malicious fairy who causes personal calamities , small and large .
It sometimes puts a cold hand on people ’s faces at night .
You must not name it , or it will become unreasonable and follow your family wherever you go .
A horseshoe over the doorway will protect you from boggarts .
9 Bahamas
The Small Man has a rolling cart and captures children who are out after sundown .
If he gets you , you will become a Small Person yourself , and ride in his cart forever .
8 Bulgaria
The anti-Santa Claus , Baba Yaga ’s evil partner , Torbalan lurks in the shadows in Bulgaria , waiting to snatch misbehaving children and carry them away in a sack .
7 Czech Republic and Poland
Bubak is a scarecrow - like man who hides on riverbanks , making sounds like a lost baby to lure adults as well as children .
He drives a cart driven by cats and weaves clothing for the souls he has stolen .
6 Netherlands
The Bolman has claws and fangs .
He hides under your bed or in your closet waiting to grab you and put you in the basement if you do n’t sleep .
5 Philippines
Pugot Mamu is a gigantic , headless shape - shifter who lives in trees and deserted houses .
Self - beheaded , he eats children through the hole in his neck .
4 Quebec
The Bonhomme Sept - Heures – the seven o’clock man – may have been taken from the English “ bone setter , ” an old name for a traveling medicine man .
The seven o’clock man steals children , but can only get you if you are awake .
3 Norway
The Nokken , a lake monster , will get you if you do n’t come in when called .
2 Trinidad and Tobago
The Jumbies live here , post - death misbehavers .
They are shape - shifters , so children are taught not to play with random animals .
There are several ways to defeat Jumbies , however .
You can leave your shoes outside ; Jumbies have no feet and will spend the night trying to get the shoes on .
You can leave a container of sand or rice outside the door ; Jumbies will have to count each grain .
You can cross a river ; Jumbies wo n’t cross water .
You can leave a rope with many knots ; Jumbies will have to untie each one .
1 Italy
Italy has l’uomo
Nero , a tall man with an unseen face , a heavy coat and a black hat .
He hides under the table and parents knock on the table to warn their children that l’uomo
Nero is present and will take them away if they do n’t eat their dinner .
Six Tiny Utilities Buy " Scientifically Impossible " Energy
August 6th , 2009 by Susan Kraemer
Blacklight Power has signed a contract with Akridge in Maryland , marking the sixth utility to sign up for a mysterious form of energy that defies quantum physics .
The company claims that it can create energy by lowering the energy level of hydrogen atoms to below their “ ground ” state .
Most scientists agree that this is impossible .
But that has n’t stopped “ six utilities ” from signing on for the theoretical power , ( though one of the utilities ; Akridge Energy LLC is apparently owned by a property company . )
In an increasingly anti-science culture , scientific consensus does n’t count for much , but the consensus is that you ca n’t lower hydrogen atoms below their ground state .
Most scientists agree that this violates the laws of quantum physics .
The six utilities are going out on a limb .
Or perhaps they know something we do n’t :
Blacklight ’s founder ; Randell Mills claims he found a way to produce a theoretical form of the hydrogen atom .
Although Mills who is a Harvard trained medical doctor , has had trouble claiming patents in the past , two are listed as granted on the USPTO website : 7,188,033 , on rendering the chemical bonds of hydrogen , and 6,024,935 , on methods for releasing energy from hydrogen atoms .
Blacklight ’s most recent study titled Commercializable Power Source from Forming New States of Hydrogen is on his website .
The hydrino is a theoretical form in which the electron has entered a lower orbit — meaning the atom itself contains less energy .
Mills decided that he could not only produce hydrinos , but also capture the energy released during the transition from hydrogen , using it to generate electricity .
When the hydrino is created through a reaction between hydrogen and a catalyst , according to Mills , it lets go of more than enough energy to fuel electrolysis in common water , thus producing more hydrogen .
The excess energy — the majority — would go to producing electricity .
The only outside ingredients needed are a catalyst , ( which one ? ) to turn the hydrogen to hydrinos , and heat ( which would also be generated once the reaction had started ) .
And the hydrinos created by the process ?
They ’re non-reactive and can be released to float up into space , as they ’re lighter than helium .
Or be processed into unique chemicals with a range of useful applications .
Venturebeat is saying that BLP has received $ 10 million from Shelby Brewer , the assistant secretary of nuclear energy under Reagan , among others like electric utilities Conectiv and Pacificorp .
Most of the investors are undisclosed .
Between its six deals , the company has given out rights to use the mysterious and secretive process to produce 8,000 megawatts of electricity overall for almost a million customers .
Oh , and this theoretical energy would cost $ 0.01 cent a kwh .
What ’s interesting is that Blacklight has now shred its cloak of secrecy .
Theories and press releases are one thing , but publicly demonstrating a new way to generate energy is easy to prove — does it work , or not ?
Blacklight is not publicly traded and does n’t appear to be looking for money ; so there is little motivation to claim a nonexistent process .
On the other hand , if it works , a public demonstration settles it .
This could be a groundbreaking year for quantum physics .
Or not .
Photo by the Author
Via Venturebeat
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
About the Author Susan Kraemer writes at CleanTechnica , CSP - Today and Renewable Energy World .
She has also been published at Wind Energy Update , Solar Plaza , Earthtechling PV - Insider , and GreenProphet , Ecoseed , NRDC OnEarth , MatterNetwork , Celsius , EnergyNow , and Scientific American .
As a former serial entrepreneur in product design , Susan brings an innovator 's perspective on inventing a carbon - constrained civilization :
If necessity is the mother of invention , solving climate change is the mother of all necessities !
As a lover of history and sci- fi , she enjoys chronicling the strange future we are creating in these interesting times .
Follow Susan on Twitter @dotcommodity .
SlapSlap Nick Griffin - Funniest web game ever Nick !
This site is intended for young people , those who work with young people , journalists and interested individuals .
Read political news to hear our most recent news .
From the design of printed British National Party material to intelligent user profiling e-campaigns we have the creative design capability you need .
Young People :
Check out the ' Get Involved ' link at the bottom of this page to look at how you can get involved by writing articles , protesting and joining our message board ( the board is currently down for maintainence - sorry ! )
Join our Media Database if you 're interested in being interviewed Real Business Recovery about things you 're passionate about - or check the archive to see examples of past published work .
If you would like to learn about our citizenship workshops or are looking for citizenship resources check out the ' Resources ' section .
Those who work with young people :
Read our alternative citizenship curriculum and email us if you would like to run it in a school , youth or protest group near you .
If you would like to use the views expressed in articles or on our messageboard , please contact us for permission .
Journalists :
Find our what we do and how we do it below , or fill in a request form if you would like to contact interested young people .
For some background to the organisation , check out the archived projects above or the gallery .
British National Party leader Nick Griffin will be satirised and mocked at London 's Gay Pride parade , tomorrow .
Interested Individuals :
Check out the three links on the left below to learn about Hands Up and what we do .
Specialising in content managed web sites , we allow you and your staff to easily and quickly change content anywhere you have internet access .
We are specialists in conveyancing and offer a full conveyancing service helping to make the whole process as straightforward as possible .
We will work closely with your estate agent , builder , financial adviser , lender or any other person involved to meet any deadlines you may have and focus on customer service .
Professional Political Consultants - All Rights Reserved © 2015 - Slap Nick Griffin - Funniest web game ever - Leading seo company in the UK .
England and India are the only two countries standing in the way of a planned world Test championship .
Haroon Lorgat , the chief executive of the International Cricket Council , has told the Guardian that the survival of Test cricket will be best ensured by a world championship , but that the two countries are opposed to the proposals which he believes could be implemented by the summer of 2012 .
Acknowledging that there have been legitimate concerns about the future of the Test game , with Twenty20 cricket having had such an impact over the last year , Lorgat said : " I would like to convince people that the way to ensure Test cricket survives is through a championship model .
" The only two countries who do not see the argument are India and England , but debate is growing all the time .
The MCC seem to have come out in favour but when I met the ECB recently it was the wrong time to tackle them in detail .
They were too high on the Ashes . "
Asked why the ECB has resisted his proposals , Lorgat said : " I do n't understand their thinking .
The original plan was to have a four - year cycle for the championship , which protects icon series like the Ashes .
It was very doable .
Our Future Tours Programme will meet soon as the current schedule runs to May 2012 .
" I would really like to see the Test championship included from there on .
There 's no doubt a Test championship would be of great benefit .
Let 's say you and your mate are South African and Australian – and India are about to play Sri Lanka .
If the result impacts on your team 's championship standing you are bound to be more interested . "
But an ECB spokesman said last night : " The ECB will continue to look at all the proposals put forward by the ICC and continue to play a full part in discussions about the development of their global events . "
It is understood that officials at Lord 's – like those in other countries – were put off by the initial idea to spread the world championship over a four - year period , when the strength of the competing teams would vary enormously .
But the ECB are also worried about plans to start the championship in 2012 because it would clash with the London Olympics .
import sys import string " " " This module provides general purpose routines for generating lists of strings from patterns .
Thus : python Pattern.py 172.16.[72-74,77-82 ] .[ 101-200 ] produces the following sequence of 800 IPs : 172.16.72.101 172.16.72.102 ... 172.16.82.199 172.16.82.200 Ranges can be decimal , hexidecimal and alphabetic , e.g. % python Pattern.py [ 0 - 10 ] 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 % % python Pattern.py foobar_ [ a - z ] foobar_a foobar_b foobar_c ... foobar_x foobar_y foobar_z % % python Pattern.py [ a - z ] [ A - Z ] aA aB aC ... zX zY zZ % % python Pattern.py [ 0x0 - 0xf ] 0 1 2 ... d e f %
For hexadecimal output the leading 0x is left out because it 's trivial to add : % python Pattern.py 0x [ 0 xa - 0xf ] 0 xa 0xb 0xc 0xd 0xe 0xf %
To help formatting , zero padding on the start of the range is added to all members of the range , e.g. % python Pattern.py an - sm [ 1- 8 ] - g[ 001-100 ] an - sm1-g001 an - sm1-g002 an - sm1-g003 ... an - sm8-g098 an - sm8-g099 an - sm8-g100 %
In addition , Pattern extends IPPatterns notation by adding the concept of a zip using juxtaposition .
Thus the sequences produced by successive arguments are computing in step and are displayed together .
Thus to produce a simple table of the hex ascii codes for lowercase letters is simply : % python Pattern.py [ A - Z ] 0x[ 0x41-0x5a ]
A 0x41 B 0x42 C 0x43 ... X 0x58 Y 0x59 Z 0x5a % Similarly to produce a deck of 52 cards is simply : % python Pattern.py [ 2 - 9 , T , J , Q, K , A ] [ C, D , H,S ] 2C 2D 2H 2S 3C 3D 3H 3S ... KC KD KH KS AC AD AH AS % " " " def a Fill ( str , n ) : " " " leftpad str with ' a ' so it is at least n chars long " " " return ( ' a ' * ( n - len ( str ) ) ) + str def z Fill ( str , n ) : " " " leftpad str with ' 0 ' so it is at least n chars long " " " return str .
zfill ( n ) def computeIntRange ( start , finish , toInt = int , fromInt = str , fill = z Fill , padLen = len ) : " " " Computes a range list from a start value , finish value and optional int - to - string , string - to - int , pad functions and pad length . " " " n = padLen ( start ) return [ fill ( fromInt ( i ) , n ) for i in range ( toInt ( start ) , toInt ( finish ) + 1 ) ] def fromHex ( h ) : " " " Convert a hex string into a int " " " return int ( h , 16 ) def toHex ( i ) : " " " Convert an int into a hex string ( without the leading 0x ) " " " return hex ( i ) [ 2 :] def isHexadecimalRange ( start , finish ) : " " " Tests for hexadecimal range " " " return start .
startswith ( ' 0x ' ) and finish .
startswith ( ' 0x ' ) def isNumericRange ( start , finish ) : " " " Tests for decimal range " " " return allNumeric ( start ) and allNumeric ( finish ) def allIn ( as , members ) : " Tests that all elements of as are in members " " " for a in as : if a not in members : return False return
True def allLower ( as ) : " " " Tests that all strings in as are lowercase " " " return allIn ( as , string .
lowercase ) def allUpper ( as ) : " " " Tests that all strings in as are uppercase " " " return allIn ( as , string .
uppercase ) def allNumeric ( as ) : return allIn ( as , string .
digits ) def sameLength ( as , bs ) : " " " Tests that as and bs are the same length " " " return len ( as ) == len ( bs ) def lettersToInt ( str ) : " " " turn a string of letters into a base 26 number " " " return reduce ( lambda x , y : 26 * x + y , map ( string .
lowercase . index , str ) ) def intToLetters ( i , str = '' ) : " " " convert a number into a string of lowercase letters " " " if i == 0 : return str else : return intToLetters ( i / 26 , string .
lowercase [ i % 26 ] + str ) def isUpperLetterRange ( start , finish ) : " " " Tests start and finish are both uppercase letter ranges " " " return allUpper ( start ) and allUpper ( finish ) def isLowerLetterRange ( start , finish ) : " " " Tests start and finish are both lowercase letter ranges " " " return allLower ( start ) and allLower ( finish ) def computeRange ( start , finish ) : if isHexadecimalRange ( start , finish ) : return computeIntRange ( start , finish , fromHex , toHex , z Fill , lambda x : len ( x ) - 2 ) if isLowerLetterRange ( start , finish ) : return computeIntRange ( start , finish , lettersToInt , intToLetters , a Fill ) if isUpperLetterRange ( start , finish ) : return [ s . upper ( ) for s in computeRange ( start .
lower ( ) , finish .
lower ( ) ) ] if isNumericRange ( start , finish ) : return computeIntRange ( start , finish ) else : raise SyntaxError , " invalid range syntax " def splitAt ( s , i , gap = 0 ) : " " " split s into two strings at index i with an optional gap " " " return s [ : i ] , s [ i + gap :] def find ( s , target ) : " " " version of find that returns len ( s ) when target is not found " " " result = s . find ( target ) if result == - 1 : result = len ( s ) return result class BadOpException ( Exception ) : pass def doOp ( op , a , b ) : if op == '++' : return setUnion ( a , b ) elif op == '--' : return setDifference ( a , b ) elif op == ' ^^ ' : return setIntersection ( a , b ) else : raise BadOpException " " " Implementation of Sets based on lists
We do n't use the python built - in sets because a ) they were added in a later version ( 2.3 ? ) b ) we wanted an implemetation that presevered the ordering of the leftmost argument to any set operation even if it 's slower . " " " def setEmpty ( ) : " " " return the empty set " " " return [ ] def setCopy ( set ) : " " " ( shallow ) copy a set " " " return set [ :] def member ( x , set ) : " " " test for set membership " " " try : set .
index ( x ) return True except ValueError : return False def setToList ( set ) : " " " takes a set and returns a list " " " return set def setAdd ( set , m ) : if not member ( m , set ) : set .
append ( m ) return set def setFromList ( list ) : " " " takes a list and returns a set by ignoring duplicates " " " set = setEmpty ( ) for a in list : setAdd ( set , a ) return set def setSubtract ( set , m ) : " " " in place set removal " " " if member ( m , set ) : set .
remove ( m ) def setUnion ( as , bs ) : " " " returns a new set that is the union of as and bs " " " set = setCopy ( as ) for b in bs : setAdd ( set , b ) return set def setDifference ( as , bs ) : " " " returns a new set that is the difference of as and bs " " " set = setEmpty ( ) for a in as : if not member ( a , bs ) : set .
append ( a ) return set def setIntersection ( as , bs ) : " " " returns a new set that is the intersection of as and bs " " " set = setEmpty ( ) for a in as : if member ( a , bs ) : set .
append ( a ) return set def find ( s , target , i = 0 ) : " " " Version fo find which returns len ( s ) if target is not found " " " result = s . find ( target , i ) if result == - 1 : result = len ( s ) return result def multifind ( s , targets , i = 0 ) : " " " Find the earliest index in s which matches one of targets starting at i " " " return min ( [ find ( s , target , i ) for target in targets ] ) def fileExpr ( expr , fileStr = ' @ ' ) : " " " If expression contains @file@ read in contents of file and return as a list " " " if expr .
startswith ( fileStr ) and expr .
endswith ( fileStr ) : return [ line .
rstrip ( ) for line in file ( expr [ 1 : - 1 ] ) . readlines ( ) ] else : return [ expr ] def computeList ( expr , openStr = ' [ ' , closeStr = ' ] ' , rangeStr = '-' , sepStr = ' , ' , fileStr = ' @ ' ) : " " " Parse and compute range in expr " " " if expr [ 0 ] == openStr : result = [ ] while expr [ 0 ] != closeStr : expr = expr [ 1 :]
i = multifind ( expr , [ closeStr , rangeStr , sepStr ] ) if expr [ i ] == sepStr : item , expr = splitAt ( expr , i ) result = result + fileExpr ( item ) elif expr [ i ] == rangeStr : start , expr = splitAt ( expr , i , 1 ) finish , expr = splitAt ( expr , multifind ( expr , [ closeStr , sepStr ] ) ) result = result + computeRange ( start , finish ) else : if i > 0 : result = result + fileExpr ( expr [ : - 1 ] ) break return result elif expr [ 0 ] == fileStr : return fileExpr ( expr [ 1 :] ) else : return [ expr ] def splitOnBrackets ( expr , openStr = ' [ ' , closeStr = ' ] ' ) : " " " Splits expr in a sequence of alternating non-bracketed and bracketed expressions " " " n = len ( expr ) components = [ ] while len ( expr ) >
0 : n = len ( expr ) target = openStr if expr [ 0 ] == target : target = closeStr i = multifind ( expr , [ target ] ) if target == closeStr : i += 1 components .
append ( expr [ : i ] ) expr = expr [ i :] return components def product ( fields , i = 0 , result = '' ) : " " " Takes a list of list of fields and produces a generator that permutes through every possible combination of fields in order . " " " if i == len ( fields ) : yield result else : for field in fields [ i ] : for x in product ( fields , i + 1 , result + field ) : yield x def pattern ( p ) : " " " Splits pattern p into it 's constituents and produces a iterator than generates all possible permutation " " " return product ( map ( computeList , splitOnBrackets ( p ) ) ) def setExpression ( expr ) : " " " Handles IP expressions of the form : < exp > = < exp > [-- < exp > | ++ < exp > | ^^ < exp > ] * " " " subexp , expr = splitAt ( expr , multifind ( expr , [ '--' , '++' , ' ^^ ' ] ) ) accum = setFromList ( pattern ( subexp ) ) while expr != '' : op , expr = splitAt ( expr , 2 ) subexp , expr = splitAt ( expr , multifind ( expr , [ '--' , '++' , '^^ ' ] ) ) accum = doOp ( op , accum , setFromList ( pattern ( subexp ) ) ) return iter ( setToList ( accum ) ) def expression ( ps , joinStr = ' ' ) : return zipGenerators ( map ( setExpression , ps ) , joinStr ) def zipGenerators ( ps , joinStr ) : " " " Takes a list of string iterators and produces an iterator of strings joined by joinStr " " " while True : yield joinStr .
join ( [ p . next ( ) for p in ps ] ) def Pattern ( ps ) : return expression ( ps ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : for result in expression ( sys . argv [ 1 :] ) : print " %s " % result
Jack Straw : " We need to keep an open mind on alternative approaches " Prescribing heroin on the NHS may be the best way to treat the " most problematic " addicts , Jack Straw says .
The justice secretary 's comments follow trials which showed big reductions in the use of street drugs and crime .
" It may be the best means of reducing the harm they do to themselves , and of stamping out the crime and disorder they inflict , " the Blackburn MP said .
Writing in the Lancashire Telegraph , he says the potential benefits of trying alternative approaches are huge .
' Imaginative ' Mr Straw says he has been part of the " tough " approach in the past , which has seen a large proportion of offenders jailed after committing crimes to fund their addiction .
But he believes the overriding objective must be to reduce the harm caused by drugs , to users , their families and to the victims of crimes they commit .
" So we need to keep an open mind on alternative approaches , not dismiss them if they do n't fit in with the adjective ' tough ' .
The prescription of heroin is not a magic bullet - it's a drastic step .
Jack Straw , Justice Secretary
Last week it emerged that a scheme in which heroin was given to addicts in supervised clinics had led to big falls in their use of street drugs , and in crimes committed to pay for them .
More than 100 users took part in the four - year pilot in London , Brighton and Darlington , which was partly funded by the government .
They either injected heroin or received the drug 's substitute , methadone .
About three - quarters of those given heroin were said to have " substantially " reduced their use of street drugs .
The National Treatment Agency for Substance Misuse ( NTA ) , which administers drug treatment in England , said the results were " encouraging " .
Mr Straw says the prescription of heroin would only ever be applied to a minority of problematic addicts .
" The prescription of heroin is not a magic bullet .
It 's a drastic step , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
So , I ’ve been working though the levels in farmville and I ’ve been surprised at how long soybeans remain the most practical .
Below are the results of my findings .
I will be updating this list as I am able to .
Plant Cost Sell Price Time ( days ) Weekly Profit ( Assuming 24 hr days ) Weekly Profit ( Assuming 23 hr days ) Strawberry 10 35 0.166 … .
420 * 420 * Poinsettia** 45 126 1 462 462 Sweet Potato** 10 125 1 700 730.4348 Sweet Corn ** 10 125 0.25 2800 * 2800 * Super Berries ** 10 100 0.08333 … 6300 * 6300 * Eggplant 25 88 2 168 175.30 Wheat 35 115 3 151.667 158.26 Soybeans 15 63 1 231 241.04 Squash 40 121 2 231 241.04 Pumpkin 30 68 0.33 … 483 * 483 * Artichokes 70 204 4 208.25 217.30 Rice 45 96 0.5 504 * 504 * Raspberries 20 46 0.0833 … 924 * 924 * Daffodils 60 135 2 210 219.13 Cotton 75 207 3 273 284.87 Cranberries 55 98 0.41666 … 470.4 * 470.4 * Bell Peppers 75 198 2 378 394.4 Peppers 70 162 1 539 562.43 Morning Glory 60 123 0.5 672* 672* Aloe Vera 50 85 0.25 560 * 560 * Pineapple 95 242 2 462 482.09 Red Tulips 75 159 1 483 504 Pattypan Squash 65 160 0.666 … 840 * 840 * Blueberries 50 91 0.1666 … 1092 * 1092 * Watermelon 130 348 4 355.25 370.70 Grapes 85 270 1 1190 1241.739 Tomatoes 100 173 0.333 … 1218 * 1218 * Pink Roses 120 254 2 416.5 434.6 Potatoes 135 345 3 455 455 Carrots 110 200 0.5 1050 * 1050 * Coffee 120 243 0.666 … 1134 * 1134 * Corn 150 380 3 501.67 523.48 Sunflowers 135 315 1 1155 1205.22 Ghost Chili 80 136 0.25 1148 * 1148 * Cabbage 140 388 2 815.5 850.9565 Green Tea 105 191 0.41666 … 1192.8 * 1192.8 * Black Berries 75 117 0.1666 … 1134 * 1134 * Red Wheat 180 449 3 592.666 … 618.4348 Lavender TBD TBD TBD TBD Sugar Cane 165 235 0.333 … 1155 * 1155 * Peas 190 381 1 1231 1285.565 Yellow Melon 205 528 4 539 562.4348 Onion 170 268 0.5 1162 * 1162 * Broccoli 200 473 2 903 943.26 Lilies 195 369 1 1113 1161,391 Acorn Squash 175 258 0.41666 … 1134 * 1134 * Asparagus 220 357 0.666 ….
1281 * 1281 *
* in each of these cases , it is assumed the maximum number of harvests are done each day , a break down of each of these follows in the next table
** This is an item that was only offered for a brief amount of time
Plant Profit Per Havest Total Harvests Per Day Total XP Per Day Strawberry 10 6 12 Sweet Cornq ** 115 4 16 Super Berries ** 75 12 36 Pumpkin 23 3 6 Rice 36 2 4 Raspberries 11 12 12 Cranberries 28 2.4 4.8 Morning Glory 48 2 4 Aloe Vera 20 4 8 Pattypan Squash 80 1.5 3 Blueberries 26 6 12 Ghost Chili 41 4 8 Green Tea 85 2.4 4.8 Tomatoes 58 3 6 Carrots 75 2 4 Coffee 108 1.5 3 Black Berries 27 6 12 Sugar Cane 55 3 6 Onion 83 2 4 Acorn Squash 68 2.4 4.8 Asparagus 122 1.5 3
The only reason I tend to recommend against these plants is that they are rather fragile in terms of how easily they can die .
That is to say , if you do not harvest them in a timely fashion you can lose the entire crop .
That ’s why I prefer to stick with wait times which are 1 day or longer .
However , if you can keep these harvested on a regular basis , they have a higher potential than most of the other plants .
Explanation of Tables
Because there has been some confusion with regard to the above tables .
I ’ve added this section to help explain what the numbers in each column represent .
Cost :
This is how much it costs to plant this kind of seed in an already plowed field .
This is the listed price and it does
not take anything else into consideration
Sell Price :
This is how much money you get when this plant is harvested .
This is the listed price and does not take any
other factors into consideration .
Time ( days ) :
This is how many days it takes for the plant to mature .
For plants which mature in less than one day a value less than 1 will be displayed .
These values are arrived at with the following formula .
Time ( Days ) = Time ( hrs ) /24
Weekly Profit : ( Assuming 24 hr days )
This is how much money you would make if you planted the same crop and harvested it at the same time every day for a week .
It should be noted that a farmville day is 23 hours .
The reason this is listed is because it may be impractical to harvest every 23 hours , since this would result in having to harvest it one hour earlier every day .
Additionally , these numbers take into account the plowing cost of 15 .
The formula used is as follows .
Weekly Profit = 7 x ( ( Sell Price – ( Seed Cost + 15 ) ) / Time )
Weekly Profit : ( Assuming 23 hr days ) :
This is how much money you would make if you planted the same crop and harvested it as soon as it was ready and did this for a week .
Keep in mind that this is the theoretical maximum and unless you ’re willing / able to harvest at all hours of the day your number will end up being slightly lower .
Because plants that take less then one day were already on an hourly basis the formula is only altered for those plants with harvest times of 1 day or longer .
The formula is as follows
Weekly Profit = 7 x 24 x ( ( Sell Price – ( Seed Cost +15 ) ) /( Time * 23 ) )
Hopefully , this will help everyone understand the above tables .
While it ’s true that I do not actually list the plowing cost of 15 anywhere in the tables .
They have been taken into account .
Pictured : The Google Earth alphabet found in Britain 's hedgerows , roads and buildings
Advertisement
At first glance , you could be forgiven for thinking that those aliens who are supposedly responsible for crop circles have now learned to spell .
However , far from being the work of little green men , this alphabet of Britain has been collected by 25 - year - old Rachel Young after selecting the images from a Google map of aerial photographs of the country .
So , a giant A is part of a forest in Leigh in Kent , a massive B makes an appearance in Weston - on - the - Green in Oxfordshire and the C suddenly surfaces in Normanton on the Wolds , Nottinghamshire .
Alphabet Britain : Each letter represents somewhere in the nation , from Leigh , Kent ( letter A ) to sleepy Staffs ( letter Z )
Rachel came up with the idea as a way of passing the time during her convalescence after being badly injured in a car accident in February .
Incapacitated and laid up in her home in Ossett , West Yorkshire , she decided to hunt down perfect images representing all 26 letters of the alphabet .
' I thought it would be a nice way to celebrate our country , ' she says .
Over three days , Rachel scoured the maps , looking at odd shapes , winding rivers , forests , fields , roads and buildings - anything that might throw up a shape that resembled the letters of the alphabet .
' I did a lot of scrolling around on Google , flipping images around just waiting to find the right shapes , ' she says .
' I tried to focus on areas where there would be good , strong shapes .
' Being from Yorkshire , I knew that would be a good place for fields and hedgerows .
I thought that cities such as London , Manchester and Liverpool would be a safe bet for odd - shaped buildings .
' Although I could find about 100 Bs , I had real trouble finding K , N and particularly Q. After a long search , I found Q in one of the buildings at Gatwick Airport .
It was a great way to while away a few hours , but the whole exercise has left me a bit cross-eyed . '
So after 26 get - well letters , and a spell of convalescence , Rachel 's shown a commendable mastery of geography , as well as minding her Ps and Qs .
Where the alphabet letters appear in Britain
It 's an A for effort : Leigh , Kent
B road : Weston - on - the - Green , Oxon
C for miles : Normanton on the Wolds , Notts
Drive in the D end at White City , London
E street development : Berwick - upon - Tweed
F for field shapes in Sywell , Northants
G whizz street at Kingston , West Sussex
Is H the Monopoly winner ?
St Bees , Cumbria
I for industry in Invergordon , Scotland
Home to the J ays ?
A wood in Northants
Special K road layout in Littleover , Derby
L of a forest on North York Moors
Dial M for meander : Cynwyd Clywyd
Chalking up a N track : Huncote , Leics
O is n't it busy !
Roads at Longbridge , West Midlands
Do n't stop for a P !
Outlane , West Yorks
So often Q s at airports : Gatwick
Ooo R country : Swithland , Leics
S for spa : Houses in Harrogate , North Yorks
Ploughed to a T : Fields at Pilsley , Derbys
It could be U : River in Hilldale , Lancs
V for la difference : Northumberland
W , W , W : It 's a long road to Ramsey , IoM
X factor : Talent for forestry in East Lothian
Y not stop at Old Stratford , Northants ?
They are pushing up Z s in sleepy Staffs
Another young beauty on his arm ... so just what is Salman Rushdie 's secret ?
Salman Rushdie 's ability to attract exotic women never ceases to impress .
It 's fair to say , after all , that there are a great deal of men out there who are either taller , better looking or younger - or all of these things .
But the balding 62 - year - old appears to have done it yet again .
The authors : Salman Rushdie 's companion at a New York literary event on Tuesday evening was writer Min Lieskovsky
Perhaps it 's his literary talent .
Certainly the latest young woman to appear on his arm might appreciate it - she 's a writer herself .
Rushdie stepped out in New York with stunning 26 - year - old Harvard graduate and author Min Lieskovsky .
He 's definitely not Miss Lieskovsky 's usual type .
She has openly boasted about her love for male models .
Writing in the magazine ElleGirl last year , the Chinese / Hungarian said : ' I 'm addicted to male models .
I 've dated six of the world 's top models , as ranked by Models.com , the so - called NASDAQ of modelling .'
It remains unclear which six of the world 's top - ranked male models Miss Lieskovsky has called her boyfriend .
However , her boast may have given Rushdie pause before he helped himself to that extra vol - au- vent when the couple had their first public outing at the Norman Mailer Writers ' Colony Gala in New York this week .
They appeared together only a week after Rushdie accused his last statuesque partner Pia Glenn of being ' unstable ' and an ' accomplished liar ' .
Former flames : Ex-wife Padma Lakshmi ( left ) and more recent ex-lover Pia Glenn
The author lashed out after actress Miss Glenn , 32 , claimed that the reason they broke up was because he was ' dysfunctional ' and still obsessed with his ex-wife Padma Lakshmi .
A furious Rushdie told a US newspaper : ' The reason I broke up with Pia Glenn is that I came to feel that she 's an unstable person who carries around a large , radioactive bucket of stress wherever she goes .
It was just exhausting to deal with .
' Her recent explosions demonstrate that she is also an accomplished liar . '
Glenn had claimed this week that they lived together and were discussing having children .
And she claimed : ' He stole more than a year of my life . '
Rushdie insisted : ' We never lived together - she lived at her father 's home on Long Island .
We never agreed to have children together .
' Our relationship lasted five and a half months , so it 's hard to see how I " stole a year " of her life . '
At 6ft , Miss Glenn stood three inches above Rushdie , as did his former wife , his fourth , model Miss Lakshmi , now 39 .
He was married to the Indian - American for three years before they divorced in 2007 .
She is pregnant with her first child , though the father has not been publicly named .
She 's certainly no stranger to controversial scenes after bravely becoming the first woman on British TV to share a lesbian kiss .
And in her latest role as Holly Golightly in Breakfast At Tiffany's , Anna Friel has again shocked her audience - by stripping off completely .
The 33 - year - old mother - of - one is playing the heroine of Truman Capote 's novella , a role made iconic by Audrey Hepburn in the film adaptation .
Unlike Audrey - who kept her clothes firmly on - Friel has decided to bare all for her art and wowed her fans at London 's Theatre Royal .
It 's the second time in recent months that the actress has stripped off for a role .
She recently played a prostitute in the BBC series The Street and was filmed wearing an array of racy lingerie .
Friel shot to fame in 1993 after her on - screen kiss as Beth Jordache in Brookside became one of the most talked - about moments in British soap history .
Two years later , she won the National Television Award for Most Popular Actress for her role in the series .
Since Brookside , Friel has gained notoriety in the U.S. playing Charlotte Charles in Pushing Daisies , and has also had roles in films such as The Land Girls and Rogue Trader .
The mother - of - one recently spoke about the pressure of taking on the Breakfast at Tiffany 's character , which was so famously played by Audrey Hepburn .
ccasionally I get free movie tickets .
Friends , co-workers , or family lands a few and I get to go see a movie on someone else 's dime .
Free is great , but the people who attend free movies are not .
On this particular occasion , I got a ticket to go see Sunshine , which I was very excited about primarily because the trailer used the Requiem for a Dream song , which makes any movie look like a tear - jerking , epic masterpiece .
I was also excited because it was directed by Danny Boyle , whose other works include Slumdog Millionaire , Shrieking Monkey Plague , and Shrieking Monkey Plague 2 - Lets Throw Up Blood On One Another .
So my friend sat down next to me at the theater and the movie was about to begin .
" What 's that smell ? " she asked , " It smells like pee . "
Unflinching , her boyfriend responded : " It 's clam chowder . "
Sure enough , sitting one row back and three seats to our left was a woman holding a large to - go order of clam chowder which she 'd snuck into the theater .
Surprisingly , clam chowder smells very similar to urine when you do n't know where the source is - it 's like the asparagus of soups .
The woman herself looked like a water buffalo in a sweatshirt .
She had broad shoulders and a stern , oppressive brow .
Her twinkling eyes were fixed straight ahead in the dim theater light , but her powerful jaw moved rapidly to break down the large spoonfuls of chowder which she rhythmically pounded into her mouth .
This woman did not simply eat clam chowder , she grazed on it .
Twenty minutes into the film I heard her .
She was talking to the screen - narrating her thoughts and feelings , as well as answering rhetorical questions asked by the characters .
" What will we do ?
There 's no time ! " asked the main character .
" I dun ' know !
You be so screwed ! " she belched in anguish , as if the actors in the movie could actually hear her clam - scented reply .
Fifteen minutes from the end of the movie - the climax - and the water buffalo was still talking .
I 'd endured her for nearly two hours , and what was a mild irritation had transformed into a boiling , volcanic rage .
I do n't know how my popcorn tasted , and I can't remember who was sitting near me .
As far as what was happening on the screen , it 's a complete blank .
My surroundings had become completely blind to me .
All I remember is pure , unfiltered hatred .
I was Ghenghis Khan .
I was genocide .
Stars collapsed under the weight of my fury , and when I opened my eyes all I saw was the heads of ten thousand water buffalo on bloody pikes peppering the horizon from Los Angeles to New York City .
So , without further ado , I turned around and spoke .
Her response ?
Again , my memory beyond this point is a bit hazy .
I remember screaming more obscenities at her , and I remember a couple sitting behind me telling me that I was now more disruptive than the water buffalo had ever been , and I remember walking down the aisle after the movie had ended and hearing another moviegoer say " Where 's the guy that went psycho ? "
I also remember the water buffalo quietly shuffling out of the theater afterwards .
I think clam chowder and darkness were the sources of her strength , without them she was a meek , fearful creature .
Did I " go psycho ? "
I think that 's a rather uncreative way of putting it - I like to think of myself as a warrior .
Sure , I embarrassed myself and made the situation a lot worse for everyone than it had to be , but in doing so the buffalo was slain .
So fuck you , chowderbeast , I 'm a champ and you eat seafood from a giant bucket .
Nevada Newsmakers
Thursday , October 8 , 2009
Your browser does not support the video tag .
Share this page : email
Sam ShadAnnette Whittemore , president and founder of the Whittemore Peterson Institute and Judy Mikovits , Ph.D. , director of research for WPIHelen Foley , Faiss Foley WarrenRussell Rowe , Kaempfer CrowellPaul Enos , Nevada Motor Transport Association , Inc
Think flying economy is bad now ?
New aircraft design puts passengers face - to - face in rows for budget travel
Air travel is being overhauled with a new aircraft design which plans to seat passengers facing each other in rows .
The controversial design is intended to save space and money and could see 50 per cent more passengers packed on to each plane .
Howard Guy , director of the UK company Design Q , acknowledges that some people will not be happy with the plan , but says they will be able to pay less for any inconvenience .
The future of air travel :
The new design could see more passengers on each plane and ticket prices lowered
' Having passengers face each other is not an ideal situation , ' he said .
' But this will see increased revenue for the operator and more economical tickets for the passenger - so by keeping both happy , this concept makes an attractive alternative .
' Sure the passenger can choose a flight facing forward in a traditional seating position , but he or she will have to pay more for the luxury . '
Mr Guy predicts that the design could see a 50 per cent increase in the number of passengers on board and a 30 per cent reduced cost per seat .
However , he did concede that the seats would not be comfortable for passengers on flights of more than two hours .
Military personnel are used to travelling in rows facing each other
' Our thoughts are really to do with short - haul journeys - anything from 30 minutes to 80 minutes .
As the seats will be designed for less occupancy time , passenger comfort will be reduced on longer trips , ' he said .
Another downside to the seating design is that food carts would not be able to pass down the plane as the aisles are too narrow , so food distribution would be difficult .
Although the idea has caused a negative reaction among many travellers , others have voiced their opinions in support of the idea .
Mr Guy said : ' Military personnel are used to travelling in that way and have had a positive reaction to the idea .
Flying high : Earlier this year Ryanair looked into vertical seating options
' Many other forms of transport use this layout to maximise space , even VIP 's private jets , so why not use something similar for short plane journeys ?'
The lighter seating would mean that planes use less fuel and more passengers could travel on each flight which could significantly lower the price of fares .
Design Q is not the only company looking at alternative ways to transport passengers in planes .
Ryanair recently claimed it was looking into having standing areas and bar stools located at the back of some of its flights so passengers could travel on flights of less than an hour and a half for free .
ALBANY — A century after Melvil Dewey called Albany and the State Library home , the city 's newest public libraries are poised to abandon his famous decimals .
The shift starts next month at the overhauled Pine Hills branch , where the book collection will be sorted not by the Dewey Decimal System but by subject categories similar how it 's done in most bookstores .
With the reopening of the Western Avenue branch , Albany may become the largest public library system in the state to move away from the rigid categorization scheme , entering a swirling debate in library circles on how useful Dewey 's innovation — under which books are assigned numbers in hierarchical categories — remains in the 21st century .
Just last week , the trade magazine Library Journal featured " The Dewey Dilemma " on its cover .
And in what may be a lesson in the ways libraries are evolving , the first official public announcement of the switch in Albany came via Twitter .
" People come in and want a cookbook , " Mary Coon , who as the head of collection management services has spearheaded the effort , said matter - of - factly , " they do n't want 641.5 . "
In recent weeks , library staff members have been reclassifying tens of thousands of nonfiction books .
Fiction already is largely classified by author .
Within categories — such as business , law , history , poetry or pop culture — the volumes will be ordered according to author 's last name .
Biographies will be arranged according to subject .
Among the concerns about the system , however , are that some categories may be too broad to quickly steer patrons to exactly what they 're looking for , which the Dewey system was designed to do .
Similar changes will follow at the renovated Delaware Avenue and Howe branches , along with two new branches slated to open in the spring on New Scotland Avenue and Henry Johnson Boulevard and eventually at the existing branch in the North Albany YMCA .
For now , the main library on Washington Avenue will keep Dewey 's eponymous numerals — though that could change depending on how well the new system goes over in the branches , said Carol Nersinger , the library 's new executive director .
Nersinger , who joined the APL in July amid its $ 29.1 million branch - improvement plan , said the shift reflects a fundamental fact :
Eighty percent of patrons say they 're browsing , not looking for a specific titles .
And while the Dewey Decimal System provides a precise way to order , locate and re-shelve books , it allows for little flexibility in how the stacks are arranged , and patrons simply wo n't check out what they can't see , Nersinger said .
The bookstore model is " perfect for the browser , " said Nersinger .
In the 133 years since Dewey devised it , his decimal system 's weaknesses have also been laid bare .
There were no computers in 1876 , so Dewey never left room for them in his classifications , leaving the inheritors of his legacy to shoehorn them in , starting at 000 .
Other new developments lead to increasingly long and dizzying decimal strings .
" It 's equivalent to the phone numbers , " Nersinger said .
" We 're running out of phone numbers . "
Not to mention that Dewey 's system reflects cultural biases , others point out , like the fact that the vast majority of the 200s — the section devoted to religion — is somehow tied to Christianity , leaving little space for everything else , Coon said .
Going " Dewey free " — as it's called — has been more popular in the West , where population growth has fueled new library construction , said Michael Borges , executive director of the New York State Library Association and a trustee at the Guilderland Public Library .
" Everybody 's going to wait and see what happens because this is probably going to be the first significant - sized library ( in New York ) to implement the system , " Borges said .
Asked what he thought Dewey might make of the development , Borges said : " I think he would believe that whatever system works best to serve to patrons of any particular community is what the library should use . "
Albany is taking some of its cues from the DeWitt Community Library , just outside Syracuse , which shifted to a hybrid Dewey system in early 2008 .
The library uses broad subject categories , but stuck with the decimal system within those categories .
That library 's executive director , Wendy Scott , said reaction to the switch has been distinctly generational , with the younger set embracing it while older patrons have been slower to come around .
Outreach and education will be crucial to Albany 's effort , Scott said .
On Friday , 25 - year - old Annita Asonye of Albany perused the selection in the main library and said she would n't mind the death of Dewey if whatever replaces it makes sense .
" As long as it 's efficient and it 's easy , that 's all that matters , " Asonye said .
Meanwhile , 54 - year - old George Vasquez of Rensselaer , who uses Dewey to help steer him to diabetic cookbooks and volumes on computer construction , said he still misses the card catalogue , long since replaced by computer databases , and is n't keen on the decimals disappearing .
" I 'm old - fashioned .
I like the old ways , " Vasquez said .
" I 'd probably be lost . "
Not all librarians are sold , either , Coon and Nersinger acknowledge .
The Library Journal article noted that Dewey 's system is still the most widely used in the world and that fewer than 12 percent of librarians surveyed favored abandoning it altogether .
" For librarians , yes , it 's quite a switch — especially if you went to library school 30 years ago and this is what you grew up with , " Nersinger said .
" Librarians want that searching process — they enjoy that — but most people just want the answer . "
Carleo - Evangelist can be reached at 454-5445 or jcarleo-evangelist@timesunion.com .
AUSTRALIA'S controversial military justice system is in disarray after a bizarre case where a sailor accused of '' tea - bagging ' ' a superior officer brought down the nation 's top military court .
The High Court unanimously declared the Australian Military Court unconstitutional yesterday , saying the legislation that created it in 2006 was flawed .
At least 170 cases heard by the court over the past two years are in question and may have to be reheard .
And amid the confusion last night , one defence force member held in a military facility was being prepared for release .
The decision has forced the Government to return to a discredited system of courts martial as it considers its next move .
The Defence Minister , John Faulkner , said he and the Attorney - General , Robert McClelland , were seeking urgent legal advice on how the system could be replaced .
In a case that seemed more at home on Big Brother than in the nation 's highest court , former Leading Seaman Brian George Lane had challenged the military 's court 's ability to try him for allegedly placing his genitals on the forehead of a sleeping army sergeant in a Queensland motel after a day 's golf and drinking on August 4 , 2005 .
They were in Roma on a recruitment drive with two other defence force personnel .
Mr Lane pleaded not guilty .
The fearsome family of dinosaurs topped by Tyrannosaurus rex began with a miniature version of the tyrant that was only the size of a human being .
The new find from China was made public Thursday in a press conference and is already rewriting T. rex 's evolutionary story .
It 'd long been thought that the multiton dinosaur 's massive skull , dinky arms , and runner 's legs evolved as a set of compromises necessitated by its increasingly massive size .
The new Raptorex kriegsteini proves that the T. rex 's distinctive features predated its scaling up .
" The most interesting and important thing about this new fossil is that it is completely unexpected , " said Stephen Brusatte , a paleontologist at the American Museum of Natural History , who co-authored a paper on the find in the journal Science .
" As we learn more and more about dinosaurs and the evolution of life over time , it 's harder and harder to find fossils like this that throw us for a curve . "
The tiny tyrannosaurid from 130 million years ago is not just awesome fodder for a future Jurassic Park sequel , it 's also a scientifically valuable find .
The scientists are sure that the new mini tyrant is not just a juvenile .
Bones in animals tend to fuse in sequence , providing a key to an animal 's maturity level .
Raptorex 's pelvic girdle was completely fused and its scapula and shoulder blade were nearly so , indicating that it was an adolescent at the end of its growth .
" To most people in dinosaur paleontology , we ’d regard it as significant because it helps us more completely understand the origin of the classic tyrant dinosaurs and how they became what they were , " said Thomas Holtz , a paleontologist at the University of Maryland , who was not involved with the research .
Many of the giant dinosaurs have their familial roots in smaller dinosaurs like T. rex , but usually the animals ' body plans — how their knee bones connect to their hip bones , and so on — change a lot .
" When Raptorex was around , the ancestors of Triceratops are similarly very small , but the ancestors of Triceratops do n’t have their horns or frills yet .
They are not down on all fours and so forth , " Holtz said .
" It ’s almost like finding a tiny Triceratops at this stage that is four - on - the - floor with the big horns and the big frills . "
That the T. rex body plan turned out to be flexible enough to just become 90 times larger without major changes is astounding .
" It is one design , almost unlike any other you can point to in dinosaurs , that can withstand two orders of magnitude enlargement , " said paleontologist Paul Sereno of the University of Chicago , a co-author of the Science paper .
Raptorex also helps answer a lot of lingering questions about why T. rex looked the way it looked .
Why , for example , did such a huge animal have a specialized foot with a built - in shock absorber , clearly an adaptation for running ?
" For T. rex itself , it ’s living in a world where the laws of physics are saying you ca n’t be as fast running as you look , " Holtz said .
" They are more speed adapted than you ’d expect .
It ’s like having a spoiler on an SUV . "
With Raptorex fully described , paleontologists can explain the speed - boosting leg structure as a leftover from T. rex 's evolutionary past .
The smaller animal could have really taken advantage of its fleet - footedness .
But maybe not for hunting prey .
The researchers described Raptorex kriegsteini as a predator , running down prey and " dispatching " it with its jaws .
But Jack Horner , a paleontologist at the Museum of the Rockies who was not involved in the research , did not see evidence that the small dinosaur was a predator .
In recent years , debate has raged over whether T. rex was the fearsome predator we 'd long assumed or whether he was an enormous scavenger .
" It is interesting that the authors imply that it was a predator on account of its small size , as though scavenging was only possible for large tyrannosaurids , " Horner wrote in an email to Wired.com .
" I think their evidence clearly supports an hypothesis that tyrannosaurids were small scavengers early on in their evolution . "
Holtz staked out some middle ground , noting that most meat - eaters do some scavenging and do some hunting , so it 's difficult to draw a clear line between the two kinds of animals .
" No carnivore passes up a free meal , " he said .
" [ Raptorex ] was a well built little animal for running fast and catching small dinosaurs . "
And in a world where some dinosaurs were much larger than itself , those legs could have helped Raptorex from becoming some other animal 's dinner .
Regardless of how the Raptorex primarily earned its calories , the new find will change the direction and scope of research on the T. rex family .
" It ’s inspiring me to do new types of research going back and reexamining our previous ideas about dinosaurs , " Holtz said .
Image : 1 . Illustration / Paul Marshall 2 . Photo / Mike Hettwer .*
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Morrissey suffered breathing difficulties Former Smiths singer Morrissey has been taken to hospital after collapsing on stage with breathing difficulties .
Eyewitnesses said the 50 - year - old fell to the floor during a performance of his former band 's song This Charming Man at Oasis Leisure Centre in Swindon .
Two of his current band 's members took him off stage and an ambulance took him to Great Western Hospital , where his condition was described as " stable " .
The singer has cancelled several dates this year because of illness .
' Reclusive character ' Jillian Moody , who was at the concert , said initially the crowd was not aware of how serious the singer 's condition was .
" It was interesting because a lot of people around us had bought tickets for Morrissey concerts earlier in the year , " she said .
" He has cancelled numerous concerts so they just thought that , you know , he had gone off but would be returning .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I did n't think he looked particularly well but then again , he 's sort of well known as a reclusive character so I sort of thought that was just the way he was when he was on stage .
" He kept putting his hand up to his mouth as if he felt sick or ... perhaps he was trying to hide something , but he did n't look particularly comfortable . "
' Conscious patient ' A Great Western Ambulance Service spokeswoman said : " Just after 9 pm we got a call to a 50 - year - old who was reported to be suffering from respiratory problems and was unconscious .
" We sent a paramedic in a double - crewed ambulance .
" When they arrived they found a conscious patient who was not feeling well at all .
" They made an initial assessment and took him to the Great Western Hospital for further assessment . "
A spokesman for Swindon 's Great Western Hospital said : " Morrissey was brought in to the Accident and Emergency department this evening .
" He has been seen by the medical team .
At this stage his condition is stable . "
His tour is due to move onto its European leg next month , including gigs in the Netherlands , France , Belguim , Germany and Ireland before moving on to nine dates in the United States .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CNN via TRESSUGAR , October 24 , 2009
This sobering CNN video takes us into one of only a dozen women 's shelters in Kabul , Afghanistan .
According to nongovernmental agencies , 90 percent of Afghan women are victims of domestic abuse .
[ utubew ] 1m95_ReSA5U[/utubew ]
One woman is at the shelter trying to escape 15 years of abuse from her husband for not being able to conceive a child .
As she speaks , a slash on her throat is visible and highlighted by stitches .
She would like to see her family again , but she fears she will be killed if she goes home .
Another woman has tried to kill herself three times to escape the abuse of a man who often chained her to a wall , setting her free only when it was time for her to cook .
In a country where women are viewed as property , even children are n't spared .
A 9 - year - old tells her story of being raped at age five .
I meant to post a couple of weeks back on a review by Fintan O'Toole on Flann O'Brien 's Collected Novels ( Everyman edition ) that appeared in therecently but I was stymied by the NYRB 's limited online access ( even to those of us that fork out for a print subscription ) .
Now I seem to have mislaid the copy amid the piles of books , magazines , periodicals and manuscript papers with the words ' red rum ' scrawled all over them that litter my flat .
It was an interesting piece ( if untimely , as the Everyman edition , to the best of my knowledge has been out for a long time ) , and on first reading I was most interested in the parallels O'Toole makes between Flanno and Beckett , a pair rarely thought of in the same moment yet who shared a similar knack for stepping outside the constraints of language ( and their own language ) and they also both shared a significant love for Ivan Gonchurov 's Oblomov .
The NYRB has now posted a podcast interview with O'Toole where he summarises his arguments in the essay .
It 's well worth a listen .
O'Toole comments on Flanno / Myles ' writing in English as if he were writing it as a dead language , or one translated from another .
It 's a part fanciful , part persuasive idea but I was definitely taken by O'Toole 's diagnosis of sexual repression in Flann 's work , where he sees writing as taking the place of sex , scored out of the literature of official Ireland ; I had never noticed before that much of the writing intake placebed ( though that might have something to do with the fact that I read it as a student ) .
I think that O'Toole ( and others ) are a little hard on the Ireland of O'Brien 's time ; while it was , of course a grey , priest - ridden , poverty - stricken place , it nonetheless managed to provide some unlikely cultural resistance .
I also think that O'Brien , rather than being frustrated at being stuck in Ireland , stayed in the country out of a clear love for the newly - independent nation , you have to remember he was only 11 - and a fluent Irish speaker - at the establishment of the Free State .
No matter how maddening he found the place , he was not necessarily given to flee it , especially as an ( initially ) idealistic and brilliant member of its fledgling Civil Service .
O'Toole is correct in saying that Flann was one of the unluckiest writers in 20th - century history , seeingsink into obscurity shortly after its publication on the eve of World War II and then , of course , was inexplicably rejected by his publisher .
Even today Flann is criminally neglected with few people knowing his much funnier journalistic work ( most of which is still in print ) and even his name itself is little known outside cult literary circles , even within Ireland .
Do yourself a favour this week and go out and read some Flann O'Brien , especially if you have n't already .
There 's also a fine review of Flann 's Collected Novels by Joseph O'Neill here
As the Internet has grown with its huge database of information on varied sources , more and more people are spending their time online .
This phenomenon has opened a new market of Internet advertising .
Of the lucrative Internet marketing pie , Web 2.0 has a very important place .
Web 2.0 refers to Internet - based services belonging to the second generation and consists of wikis , folksonomies , social - networking sites , blogs , video - sharing sites and mashups .
The reach of traditional form of advertising is limited and the whole process of developing the ad-copy and marketing it using the services of a PR person takes a lot of time , money and effort .
On the other hand , Web 2.0 marketing has a wide pyramid - of - influence that can be reached pretty fast and using just a fraction of the cost that would have been used by traditional marketing methods to reach the same number of people .
What ’s more – with Web 2.0 marketing , geographical borders vanish and you can reach a global audience to market your products and / or services .
However , you would need to do your own homework and become a web 2.0 marketing expert to reap the optimum benefits of this online media .
Unlike traditional advertising channels that were highly controlled and limited by nature , Web 2.0 marketing offers a much liberal space to customers where they can freely discuss about your products and services .
So , against the traditional advertising channels that could only allow one - way messages , the dynamic arena of Web 2.0 marketing offers a much bigger participation for the consumers .
Moreover , as everyone can generate and shape the message on Web 2.0 , you can no longer control the nature of message , unlike the standard channels of traditional advertising like radio , print , and TV .
As peer - to - peer communication and “ word - of - mouth ” marketing is the driving force of Web 2.0 marketing , you can spread your intended message in a viral fashion by doing proper planning for it .
Just imagine what a cakewalk it would be to pass on a message related to your products and services to hundreds of friends and contacts all around the world with almost no cost and within a fraction of a second !
As you ca n’t control the nature of message that will get circulated on Web 2.0 , the next best thing that you can do is to influence it .
Try to build a good brand image online by taking an active part in the conversations about your products and services .
Be an active listener and try to learn what your customers ’ needs are .
Then , design and deliver your offerings accordingly to delight your targeted clientele .
Remember – Web 2.0 marketing is a lucrative opportunity that you can use to engage your community and turn strangers into fans .
These fans would act as your online salespeople who would promote your products and services .
If all these steps sound like an uphill task , you may consider hiring a social media expert , who would do the job with professional precision and bring you the desired benefits .
All these explain why web marketing 2.0 can help you achieve a lot with proper planning that traditional advertising can’t even think of !
An die Redaktionen
Innenpolitik , Berlin
Pressemitteilung
Verteidigung im mg - Verfahren verzichtet auf Plädoyer : „ Grenzen des Rechtsstaats erreicht “
Im Verfahren gegen drei Berliner , denen vorgeworfen wird , als Mitglieder der militanten gruppe ( mg ) in Brandenburg ( Havel ) Bundeswehrfahrzeuge angezündet zu haben , wurden heute die Plädoyers der Verteidigung erwartet .
Die AnwältInnen verzichteten und erklären dazu :
„ Wir werden in diesem Verfahren mit den offenkundigen Grenzen des Rechtsstaats konfrontiert .
Deshalb verzichten wir auf ein Plädoyer .
Wir kapitulieren damit vor den politischen Vorgaben , die diesen Prozess bestimmen .
In diesem Verfahren ging es nie um eine unvoreingenommene Beweisaufnahme .
Zu groß war der Druck , endlich Erfolge in Sachen mg vorweisen zu können , nachdem jahrelang erfolglos gegen die Gruppe ermittelt worden ist .
Dieser Druck lässt sich in den Ermittlungen nachweisen und er wird sich - so unsere Befürchtung ­- im Urteil gegen unsere Mandanten niederschlagen .
Der Vorwurf der Mitgliedschaft in der » militanten gruppe « , der unseren Mandanten gemacht wird , beruht lediglich auf Indizien und auf Informationen des Verfassungsschutzes .
Bereits einmal hat der Inlandsgeheimdienst in dieser Sache Beschuldigungen erhoben , die sich im Nachhinein als nicht haltbar erwiesen : Gegen drei Personen wurde 2001 ein Ermittlungsverfahren eingeleitet .
Nach zwei Jahren musste das Bundeskriminalamt ( BKA ) feststellen , dass die umfangreichen Ermittlungen zu keinerlei brauchbaren Erkenntnissen geführt hatten .
Das Verfahren wurde erst fünf Jahre später eingestellt .
Am Ende hieß es lapidar : Der Anfangsverdacht habe nicht erhärtet werden können .
Der Anfangsverdacht , nur zur Erinnerung , war ein Tipp des Verfassungsschutzes .
Spätestens ab Sommer 2006 verfolgte das Bundeskriminalamt einen weiteren Ermittlungsansatz .
Nach Auffassung der Verteidigung nahm es gezielt das Umfeld der Zeitschrift » radikal « ins Visier in der Hoffnung , darüber auf die Spur der militanten gruppe zu kommen .
Im Zuge dieser Ermittlungen stieß das BKA auf unsere Mandanten .
Die restlichen Ermittlungsverfahren in diesem Zusammenhang sind inzwischen bis auf eines ebenfalls eingestellt , weil keine » ausreichenden Beweismittel « für eine Einbindung der Beschuldigten in die mg erbracht wurden .
Nun kann man unseren Mandanten im strafrechtlichen Sinne für schuldig halten , einen Brandanschlag auf Fahrzeuge der Bundeswehr verüben zu wollen .
Stichhaltige Belege , dass sie Mitglieder der mg waren , hat dieses Verfahren nicht zutage getragen .
Vielmehr hat das Gericht alle Punkte , die an der Version der Bundesanwaltschaft ( BAW ) kratzten , beiseite geschoben .
Gleichzeitig war das Verfahren von Anfang an gekennzeichnet durch die Stigmatisierung von Angeklagten und Prozessbesuchern , Aussagebeschränkungen seitens der Beamten , verkleidete Zeugen und unvollständige Akteneinsicht .
Wo der Senat dies nicht selbst zu verantworten hatte , hat er es versäumt , sich gegenüber den Vorgaben von BKA und BAW zu behaupten .
Ein Verhalten , das zulasten unserer Mandanten ging und mit einem rechtsstaatlichen Verfahren nichts zu tun hat .
Wir haben die Hoffnung aufgegeben , mit unseren Argumenten vor Gericht Gehör zu finden .
Weil wir den Eindruck gewonnen haben , gegen den politischen Druck nichts ausrichten zu können , haben wir uns dazu entschlossen , nicht zu plädieren . “
Rechtsanwälte Franke , Herzog , Hoffmann , Lindemann , Schrage und Rechtsanwältin Weyers für die Verteidigung
Die im Prozess verlesene Erklärung der Anwälte unterscheidet sich von der obigen Presseerklärung .
Das Nicht - Plädoyer aus dem Prozess ist hier einzusehen : http://einstellung.so36.net/de/prozess/bericht/1631
Neither a man nor a crowd nor a nation can be trusted to act humanely or to think sanely under the influence of a great fear .
Bertrand Russell
President Obama has divided foreign opinion .
In the eyes of Western Europe , he is doing just great .
Support for his handling of international affairs has quadrupled by comparison with the meager levels of President Bush , according to a survey conducted by the German Marshall Fund of the United States and its partners .
But that is only part of the story .
In Eastern Europe , there is more skepticism about what he is doing regarding Russia , Iran , Afghanistan , and the Middle East .
And the disenchantment in Eastern Europe is nothing compared with the fearful majorities in the Middle East 's most thriving democracy : Israel .
The numbers are startling .
Obama 's popularity in Israel has plunged to the point where now only 4 percent believe he is a friend .
Obama should worry about this .
So should we all , for the alienation has significant consequences for peace .
American support and American credibility are crucial for Israel .
It is the confidence in America 's friendship and support that will enable Israel to fulfill hopes for peace in the region .
Alas , the American pressure campaign following Obama 's ascent has had one clear outcome , and not one we had hoped for :
It has made a peace deal much less likely .
Obama has not exerted pressure equally .
He ignores what Israel has done in recent years to advance the cause of peace and what the Arabs have failed to do .
The onus has been on Israel and Israel alone .
This has allowed the Arabs yet again to abdicate responsibility .
It has reinforced the long - standing Arab belief that the United States can " deliver Israel " if only it has the will to do so , thereby reducing Arab incentives to make concessions in direct negotiations with Israel .
The moderate Arab states , whose principal concern is not Israel but an expansionist Iran seeking domination in the Middle East , have been unwilling to raise a finger to advance the process — not Egypt , not Jordan , not Saudi Arabia .
While that may have been unsurprising , the public nature of their rejection was unusual .
As if on cue , Mahmoud Abbas , president of the Palestinian Authority , announced that he would not negotiate on any issue with the new Israeli government until Obama 's settlement prohibitions are met , both in the West Bank and in Jerusalem .
Abbas had previously negotiated with both Ehud Olmert , the former Israeli prime minister , and Tzipi Livni , the former foreign minister , without such qualifications , so Obama has dumped a solid blockade of concrete on the famous road map to peace .
Abbas did n't leave it at that .
He issued another set of unilateral , nonnegotiable demands as a condition for " negotiation " : an independent Palestinian state , a pull back to the pre-June 1967 borders , minus the Palestinian land bridge between the West Bank and Gaza , and a Palestinian right of return to Israel .
In short , come to a meeting to surrender .
And this from a man who has no control over Hamas , which could veto any breakthrough from the Palestinian side .
Abbas has now refused to make a deal with three different Israeli prime ministers .
Obama has misdirected his political capital by focusing on the idea that the Arab conflict is fundamentally about Israeli West Bank settlements or about Israel 's denial of the Palestinians ' legitimate aspirations for a state of their own in the West Bank and Gaza .
It is not .
It is not about the territories that the Arabs lost to Israel in a war they provoked in 1967 .
The Arab cause against Israel and Zionism is not about " settlements , " it is about the very existence of Israel .
It is a centurylong war based on the conviction that all land governed by the Jews in Palestine , including Israel within its pre-1967 boundaries , is Arab land , and thus no Jewish state can achieve legitimacy in Arab eyes .
When Obama says that the Palestinians have suffered , surely he should understand that they have suffered because they have unsuccessfully pursued the destruction of the Jewish homeland .
The Palestinians were not displaced by Israel 's founding ; they were displaced by a war that they originated in 1948 to destroy Israel in embryo .
Think of what Israel is facing even today .
At a recent Fatah conference , the first in 20 years , the Palestinian organization 's feuding old guard and young guard were united in their refusal to reach an accommodation with Israel .
Both old and young endorsed terrorism .
Both embraced the al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigade terrorist group as a full - fledged Fatah organization .
Both approved building a strategic alliance with Iran .
Both called for establishing a sovereign state " on the entire Palestinian territory . "
In other words , Fatah retains the armed struggle not as a way of settling individual Palestinian grievances but as a strategy in order to destroy Israel and form a state in the whole of Palestine , or , as the conference put it , " the elimination of the state of the Zionist occupation economically , politically , militarily , and culturally . "
The Fatah state on the West Bank is now competing in murderous extremism with the Hamas state in Gaza , so there is no unity on the horizon .
Whatever President Abbas says does not seem to be binding on Hamas .
How is a democratic state supposed to cope with such a divided entity and its ideology of murder and incitement ?
The engine of the conflict is the continuing Arab refusal to accept Jewish history , people , or sovereignty anywhere in the land of Israel .
Fouad Ajami , a great scholar of the region , has written , " There is no change in Arab attitudes towards Israel .
The great refusal persists . "
But despite this , there is a desire to end the conflict among some of them , even though they do n't accept Israel 's moral legitimacy .
So thanks to Obama 's hard line , the peace process is coming apart , and with it all the intimacy and dialogue that used to take place between Israel and the United States .
How different from President Gerald Ford , who made a commitment to Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin that the United States would never put a peace proposal on the table without first consulting Israel .
Since then , that has been the policy of every U.S. government — until the Obama administration .
The issue that has raised the most concern in Israel is the rejection of the verbal understanding on settlements reached between Israel and the United States in the spring of 2003 .
It essentially allowed Israel to maintain the larger settlements and permitted some construction within those existing boundaries .
It was Israel 's condition for accepting the road map peace plan , which supported the creation of a Palestinian state , and , ultimately , for withdrawing from Gaza .
That there was such an agreement was publicly asserted by Olmert and by Dov Weissglas , the principal representative of the preceding prime minister , Ariel Sharon .
Weissglas wrote , " An essential part of the agreement related to the Gaza disengagement .
Not only were those agreements made , they were documented in records at the time , at the prime minister 's office , as an exception to the general construction freeze in the road map . "
Sharon himself referred to it when he presented the Gaza disengagement plan and asserted , " Israel will deliver on all its obligations , including on the matter of settlement construction .
There will be no construction beyond the existing construction lines .
There will be no land confiscations meant for construction , no special economic incentives . "
Olmert made it clear that without these understandings , Israel would not have agreed to the Annapolis conference and the plan launched there .
Olmert recently wrote , " I adopted these understandings and followed them in close coordination with the Bush administration . "
Of course , there was logic to what was agreed , for the demographic reality requires keeping the large settlement blocks in Israel 's hands , just as corresponding democracy in other areas favors their return to the Palestinians .
What is more , in every serious Israeli - Palestinian negotiation , the Palestinians had accepted that the main settlement blocks right next to the 1967 border would be retained by Israel in any final settlement .
These settlement blocks were deliberately located on strategic high ground or in other militarily significant locations and are undoubtedly part of the " defensible borders " promised Israel in the 2004 Bush letter .
How can the Obama administration disregard understandings with the Bush administration that spelled out the scope of Jewish building that Israel would maintain for the duration of the peace process ?
How can the current administration , on top of that , seek to prevent Israel 's new construction across the green line in Jerusalem ?
Banning building in such areas as the Jewish Quarter in the Old City was simply impossible for any Israeli government .
This reneging on a verbal commitment has undermined Israeli confidence in America 's word .
As one senior Israeli official put it , " The most sensitive matters are often only verbal ; that is how it is between friends and couples .
It is only in divorce agreements that the sides insist on putting everything in writing . "
The attitude of the Obama administration threatens any possible permanent status arrangements .
Why ?
Because these will have to be backed up with a larger number of American guarantees , promises , and commitments , particularly as they pertain to long - term security arrangements .
If the Israeli decision makers fear that American commitments are valid only for the duration of the term of the president who makes them , they wo n't accept any new ones .
Oral agreements are agreements that have to be kept as well .
The United States will have to provide reassurance that security and economic needs will be met , particularly in terms of guarantees against potential threats and political support within the international community .
Letters and other commitments have often been provided in the past to get the parties to take steps or cross historic thresholds , such as the one provided to Prime Minister Sharon by the Bush administration in April 2004 before he finalized his decision on the Israeli withdrawal from Gaza in 2005 .
Lacking confidence in the durability of American commitment would be devastating for the prospects for peace .
This also applies to the willingness of the Middle East to rely on an American security guarantee as a protection against Iran 's acquisition of deliverable nuclear weapons .
There is an erosion of confidence that the Obama administration knows how to " play the game " in the region .
As Bernard Lewis , a noted historian of the Middle East , put it , " A nation can make few mistakes worse than this : to be harmless as an enemy , and treacherous as a friend . "
The Obama administration will sacrifice much if this is the perception of it in the Middle East .
Check out our political cartoons .
Become a political insider : Subscribe to U.S. News
Weekly , our digital magazine .
A couple weeks back we filled in the Friday Drinks column with a post about Cline Cellars , and today we 're back with the launch of a new column about local wineries which we're
I 'm sure most people remember the timelapse that Blu did called MUTO .
Well Blu is BACK and this time he 's working with David Ellis .
David Ellis is already famous for producing amazing timelapse videos in the first place and now they have both come together to make one of the most amazing artforms I have ever seen .
You will be speechless when you watch the video because you can see all of the effort that must of been put into this .
Ever since MUTO i've been wondering when Blu was gonna put out something as amazing and he 's done it .
The video is called COMBO and it was featured at this year 's Fame festival .
The sound was done by Helado Negro who is also amazing .
Check out the video below and be amazed .
Blu & David Ellis - COMBO
Previous Video :
Blu - MUTO
BEIJING  News
Web sites in China , complying with secret government orders , are requiring that new users log on under their true identities to post comments , a shift in policy that the country ’s Internet users and media have fiercely opposed in the past .
Until recently , users could weigh in on news items on many of the affected sites more anonymously , often without registering at all , though the sites were obligated to screen all posts , and the posts could still be traced via Internet protocol addresses .
But in early August , without notification of a change , news portals like Sina , Netease , Sohu and scores of other sites began asking unregistered users to sign in under their real names and identification numbers , said top editors at two of the major portals affected .
A Sina staff member also confirmed the change .
The editors said the sites were putting into effect a confidential directive issued in late July by the State Council Information Office , one of the main government bodies responsible for supervising the Internet in China .
Did you know that U.S. Workers spend 13 hours per week reading , writing or responding to email ?*
I can’t imagine spending that much time on email anymore .
I doubt I spend more than 45 minutes a day now .
But then again ….
I ’ve gone from receiving thousands of emails per day down to reading and replying to a few dozen per day .
How ?
I ’ll show you .
How I Got To Inbox Zero
I used to receive upwards of 2,000 email per day .
I have since whittled it down to around 200-300 email per day coming in .
80 % of those I scan the subject line and delete – and I almost never open and read more than 20 - 30 per day .
I divide my strategies for dealing with email into three buckets :
Reduce Incoming Emails
Reduce The Amount of Email People Send
Keep The Inbox At Zero
1 – Reduce Incoming Emails
The first step is to deal with the low hanging fruit – emails you can automatically stop .
Get a Good Spam Filter .
This can immediately make a difference of anywhere from a 20 - 90 % reduction in email traffic .
I rarely see spam in my inbox – 99 % of it goes straight to the trash .
Turn Off Notifications .
Twitter , Facebook , Pinterest , Groupon …
I turn a lot of these notifications off .
At minimum , set it to perhaps once a day – so it does n’t interrupt your flow and take over your inbox .
Create Filters for Low Value Emails .
I use GMail ’s filters very aggressively – I have over 800 of them at this point .
Every time I receive an email from a friend or colleague that is low value , I consider how I could filter it out so I do n’t see it in my inbox , and can instead deal with it at my leisure – by automatically filtering it into my “ Review Later ” folder .
These are all ways of reducing the number of emails that hit your inbox through various automated means – the next step is training people to send you less email .
2 – Reduce The Amount of Email People Send
Reduce External Commitments .
The reason we receive email is because someone wants our attention .
If you have too many emails – maybe the real issue is , you have too many commitments .
Do n’t blame the email or the person who sent it – blame the activity or group you are involved in .
Respond to fewer email .
Robert Scoble noted that “ each email he [ Robert Scoble ] replies to produces between 1.5 and 2 additional e-mail in return . ”
So , only respond if you are prepared to continue the conversation .
Encourage Proper Communication .
This bullet is n’t catchy , but it ’s the truth .
Sometimes a phone call is better .
Sometimes instead of having a four person email conversation , a 5 minute in person or video meeting will get the job done .
Email is best for asynchronous communication with clear questions
3 – Keeping Your Inbox At Zero
Once you get to an empty inbox , keep it that way .
Here ’s how I do it :
File And Delete Aggressively .
Once you ’ve read an email , decide whether you are going to do something about it .
If I do n’t have an action item from the email , I immediately file it away or delete it and get it out of my inbox ASAP .
Stop Using The Inbox As A Todo List .
If you do have something that you need to have as a reminder for tasks you need done , stop using your email for it .
Instead , log it on a separate task list and file the email away .
Barring that , a quick bandaid solution ?
Create a TODO folder and file your task emails in there .
Just get them out of the inbox , and review your TODO folder once a day .
Auto Filter To Buckets .
I already told you to set up filters to automatically keep the low value emails in a “ Review Later ” pile .
Do n’t stop now though :
Be vigilant , watch the emails that you continue to get , and add filters regularly Sometimes … Do n’t Respond .
Really .
You do n’t have to respond to every email .
If I get unsolicited email , I do n’t have any problem deleting it without a response .
Life is too short to be worrying about replying to every email you receive .
And a last thought , I do n’t do this just because it looks nice .
I do this because it makes me more productive .
When you have a clean inbox , it dramatically increases your effectiveness .
By removing the unimportant email , you can pay attention when an important email comes in that actually matters to your life
Got it ?
You know what to do – go clear out your inbox !
(* Statistics from a report by the McKinsey Global Institute )
You do n’t have to go it alone .
If you are struggling with overload in other aspects of your life , feel trapped – and want to finally make time to get the most out of your life , take a moment to read the details about my course The Action Solution and see if it ’s something you ’d be interested in .
It is the result of decades of experience , and hundreds of hours of working with real people – just like you .
What Saquon Barkley 's injury means for the Giants
Do n't go into Uncharted 2 : Honor Among
Thieves expecting to play the game of the year ; no title deserves that level of expectation .
Go into it quietly , and try to dial down the noise about how great the game is .
Invite some friends over if they 're interested ; I played the first five chapters with one of the my best friends and his wife watching , and at different times we all remarked that the game was better scripted and acted than most action films we 've seen in recent years .
This is also one of the few games where the dialog is laugh - out - loud funny .
In other words , get ready to enjoy something rare and worthy of respect : a game that moves its entire genre forward .
Looking at it through the lens of other games or as a weapon in a console war is just going to diminish your enjoyment of the game .
Also , if you 're new to the PlayStation 3 and want to play the first game , do so now .
It 's a great title that still stands up now , almost two years later , but if you try to play it after you pick up this game you 're going to feel like you took a step back instead of a wonderful jump up .
Because no matter how good you thought Uncharted was — and we thought it was pretty damn wonderful —
Uncharted 2 is much , much better .
The less said , the better
It 's going to be hard to do the full review of the game without giving away plot elements or talking about the characters ; this is an experience that you 'll enjoy much more if you go into it as blind as possible .
We 'll go deeper in - depth with the game as we get closer to launch , but for now it 's worth the time to talk about how Uncharted 2 begins so strongly and keeps the pacing going through the first five chapters .
The vocal talent is way above average , but even better , the writing , pacing , and flow of the story and the gameplay is maintained to perfection .
The game opens with a short scene explaining the controls , and even this is breathtaking , and takes place in a life or death struggle .
The game does n't require any knowledge of its predecessor ; all you need to know is that Nathan Drake is a man who has bad things happen to him .
To be fair , he puts himself in these situations , but that 's beside the point .
The character of Nathan Drake is one you 've seen before : he 's Indiana Jones , he 's Han Solo , he 's whoever Nicholas Cage plays in those National Treasure films .
A lovable rogue with just enough charm and luck to get out of the last scrape and into the next one .
What 's interesting is that so far there is n't much new here .
You 've seen gunfights like this before , you 've thrown grenades like this before , and the climbing and jumping mechanics almost feel like Prince of Persia in places .
What elevates Uncharted 2 above its peers is how well everything works together to create a whole .
While the levels are linear , many areas offer multiple ways to pass through them .
It 's not all wine and roses , however ; one early section where you have to sneak past a set of guards is way more trial and error than skill — does anyone enjoy forced stealth sections in games ?— but after that the action picks up dramatically and never settles back down .
What works ?
The controls are smoother , the animations are more polished , and the graphics are simply ... well , better .
I 'll remind you of what I asked in the first paragraph ; for a game with such high expectations I was a little disappointed in the graphics for the first few moments , but the level of detail and beauty spread throughout the game is hard to describe .
There are so many little moments that make you realize just how bland and poor most other games look in comparison .
The mark of a truly great game is the ability to make you wonder why other games are n't better , and this is something Uncharted 2 , so far , has accomplished .
The mixture of story scenes , action set pieces , and exploration is blended in such a way that there has n't been a down portion of the game , and it was incredibly hard to put the controller down and walk away .
It 's hard to block out the deafening amount of noise and chatter about this game on the forums and the blogs and the gaming sites , but once you 're able to sit down and experience it for yourself you 'll see something amazing : a game that truly loves both its characters and the gameplay elements used to tell their story .
If things are this good after the first five chapters , I can't imagine what the next 21 are going to be like .
We 'll be running our feature - length review of the game closer to launch , so keep your eyes peeled .
Uncharted 2 comes out exclusively for the PlayStation 3 on October 13 .
Cheater Kitteh ... peeks when playing hide and go seeks .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Prosecutors say parents argued before mutilation
Katherine Nadal listens to opening statements Monday as she stands trial for allegedly mutilating her 5 - week - old son in her apartment in 2007 .
Katherine Nadal listens to opening statements Monday as she stands trial for allegedly mutilating her 5 - week - old son in her apartment in 2007 .
Photo : Nick De La Torre , Chronicle Photo : Nick De La Torre , Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Prosecutors say parents argued before mutilation 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A Houston couple argued over whether to have their 5 - week - old infant circumcised the day before his mother cut off the boy 's penis and testicles , leaving a perfectly square wound and a childhood of reconstructive surgeries , prosecutors told a jury Monday .
“ Now he 's more than circumcised , ” Assistant District Attorney Denise Oncken said .
Oncken said Katherine Nadal , 28 , argued for the circumcision after spending the afternoon injecting cocaine .
Camden Gothia , 38 , testified that he argued against it because of the pain it appears to cause .
Earlier Monday , prosecutors told jurors that Nadal completely severed the baby 's genitals on March 13 , 2007 , then dispassionately watched neighbors , paramedics and surgeons work to save the boy 's life .
None of the child 's parts was recovered .
Nadal is charged with injury to a child , causing serious bodily injury , a first - degree felony .
If convicted , she faces a maximum sentence of life in prison .
She remains in jail in lieu of $ 75,000 bail .
Defense claims
Defense attorneys Skip Cornelius and Allen Isbell said they will present expert testimony that the wound could have been caused by a 7 - pound mini- dachshund , as Nadal told investigators .
Oncken told jurors that Nadal injected cocaine the day before the incident , argued with Gothia , then assaulted the child the next morning .
The day after the attack , Nadal tested positive for cocaine , methadone and a mild tranquilizer , Oncken said .
Nadal has been arrested twice on drug - related charges that later were dismissed .
On Monday , tears rolled down Nadal 's cheeks as her attorneys showed pictures of the baby 's crib and belongings while cross-examining Gothia .
The father also was emotional , wiping tears from his eyes as he described what happened to his son , then lashed out at Nadal 's lawyers who were trying to pin down what time he left their apartment for work .
“ My whole world fell apart that day , ” Gothia said .
“ I do n't remember every minute of what happened that day . ”
After Gothia testified , witnesses included an apartment maintenance man , who heard the baby crying , and a 911 call records custodian , who authenticated the 911 call to authorities .
Neighbors testify
Jurors also heard from Edward and Rita Vega , neighbors who were the first to learn from Nadal that something was wrong with the baby .
Edward Vega , an Air Force veteran who went to Vietnam as a combat photographer , cried as he described the baby being “ hurt real bad . ”
“ He was real pale , turning bluish , ” Vega said .
“ There was movement .
He was n't crying . ”
Oncken said jurors would hear from doctors that the boy lost half his blood .
She said an adult with those sorts of injuries and blood loss would not have survived .
The trial in state District Judge Denise Collins ' court could last more than a week .
brian.rogers@chron.com
SPRINGFIELD , Mass. , Oct. 9 ( UPI ) -- A Massachusetts judge has cast a shadow over thousands of property transactions after invalidating two foreclosures , various attorneys say .
At issue is proof of who holds the mortgage .
Lenders bundle up thousands of mortgages during boom times to resell to other banks in a process that eventually leaves a murky paperwork trail to which firm actually holds the mortgage , The Boston Globe reported Friday .
Advertisement
When it came time to act on a foreclosure , many firms believed it was permissible to prove they held the mortgage after the foreclosure was complete .
In March , Judge Keith Long of the Massachusetts Land Court ruled two Springfield foreclosures were invalid because lenders had yet to prove which one held the mortgage .
While the decision is under review , " there are thousands and thousands of titles that have gone through foreclosure with these late filed " ownership records , " said attorney Lawrence Scofield .
" It has put some properties in the state of limbo , " said Evelyn Friedman , director of Boston 's Department of Neighborhood Development .
A new ruling could put thousands of sold properties into legal disarray .
" If a property has one of those arguably defective foreclosures in its back title , right now you may not be able to refinance or sell it , '' said attorney Christopher Pitt .
Rev. Jim's " Ladies of the Lord " FREE Bible Study for Young Women - 08-13-2009 , 04:28 AM
08-13-2009 , 04:28 AM
Attention all young ladies , age 18 - 24 !
Are you unsaved and wish to find Jesus Christ ?
Are you already saved and want to further your knowledge of the Bible ?
Are you confused by the mixed messages modern - day society and liberal values are telling you ?
Do you feel alone and despondent and wish to have an older , experienced True Christian™ pastor to talk to and be there for you ?
Look no further than my new FREE salvation ministry : Rev. Jim's Ladies of the Lord !
As you know , my name is Rev. Jim Osborne and I 've been an ordained pastor for over 45 years .
I realize that young women growing up in today 's tumultuous world face a terrible amount of challenges and need help getting through them .
The modern day world is extraordinarily tough for a young Christian woman to get through .
Let me help you with private , one - on - one Bible Study and pastoral consultation .
This program is open to young women age 18 - 24 only .
No underage females allowed .
If you are over 24 , I may waive the rules , ask me for details .
Whether you are unsaved and wishing for a relationship with Christ , or have been saved for years and just want to learn how to become a better Christian woman , this program is for you .
Take advantage of this limited - time offering !
Rev. Jim's Ladies of the Lord evangelical program offers :
Free first - class airfare either to Freehold , IA or for me to fly out to wherever you are .
Three night stay in a 4 - star hotel suite .
The work of the Lord can not be done in a single day ( or night ) so this is a weekend program .
All your questions about the Bible , Jesus , and God answered by me , Rev. Jim .
Everything is totally discreet .
Bible study and witnessing will be done in the aforementioned private hotel suite so nobody can come between you and your salvation with Jesus Christ !
It is totally confidential so nobody will have to know what you are doing , whether they are parents , friends , husbands , or boyfriends .
Special emphasis on the women 's role as outlined in the Bible and how to compromise that with the fast - paced world of modern living .
Expert advice in sexual and marital issues .
As an experienced pastor , you can confide with me one - on - one your most sensitive and personal matters .
What could be better ?
A weekend alone with the famous and much - respected Rev. Jim Osborne in a hotel , learning more about Jesus , insuring your place in Heaven , and becoming a better Christian Woman -- for FREE !
Also , ask about group packages .
Perhaps you and your friends from college all want to become better women .
This can be arranged too .
PM me for details or email me at
JESUS IS WAITING ... are you going to let Him down ?
Are you unsaved and wish to find Jesus Christ ?
Are you already saved and want to further your knowledge of the Bible ?
Are you confused by the mixed messages modern - day society and liberal values are telling you ?
Do you feel alone and despondent and wish to have an older , experienced True Christian™ pastor to talk to and be there for you ?
Look no further than my new FREE salvation ministry :
As you know , my name is Rev. Jim Osborne and I 've been an ordained pastor for over 45 years .
I realize that young women growing up in today 's tumultuous world face a terrible amount of challenges and need help getting through them .
The modern day world is extraordinarily tough for a young Christian woman to get through .
Let me help you with private , one - on - one Bible Study and pastoral consultation .
This program is open to young women age 18 - 24 only .
No underage females allowed .
If you are over 24 , I may waive the rules , ask me for details .
Whether you are unsaved and wishing for a relationship with Christ , or have been saved for years and just want to learn how to become a better Christian woman , this program is for you .
Take advantage of this limited - time offering ! evangelical program offers : What could be better ?
A weekend alone with the famous and much - respected Rev. Jim Osborne in a hotel , learning more about Jesus , insuring your place in Heaven , and becoming a better Christian Woman -- forAlso , ask about group packages .
Perhaps you and your friends from college all want to become better women .
This can be arranged too .
PM me for details or email me at revjimosborne@gmail.com .
Please make sure to include your full name , private cell phone number , e-mail address , and a couple of good - quality pictures of you .
Headshots or bodyshots , it does n't matter .
Attached Images
Watch the # 1 Televangelist Gospel Hour in the World !
" Turn or Burn : Accept Christ or Go to Hell with Rev. Jim Osborne . "
Check your local cable listings .
Saving Whores in Vegas : My Evangelical Mission
Fight Porn ! Join G.A.P.E. today !
Ghost Hunters Spread Witchcraft and Devil Worship !
My Personal Story
Wells Fargo ’s Commercial Portfolio is a ticking time bomb
By Teri Buhl
In order to sort through the disaster that is Wells Fargo ’s commercial loan portfolio , the bank has hired help from outside experts to pour over the books … and they are shocked with what they are seeing .
Not only do the bank ’s outstanding commercial loans collectively exceed the property values to which they are attached , but derivative trades leftover from its acquisition of Wachovia are creating another set of problems for the already beleaguered San Francisco - based megabank ,
Wachovia , which Wells purchased last fall as it teetered on the brink of collapse , was so desperate to increase revenue in the last few years of its existence that it underwrote loans with shoddy standards and paid off traders to take them off their books .
According to sources currently working out these loans at Wells Fargo and confirmed by Dan Alpert of Westwood Capital , when selling tranches of commercial mortgage - backed securities below the super senior tranche , Wachovia promised to pay the buyer ’s risk premium by writing credit default swap contracts against these subordinate bonds .
Should the junior tranches eventually default , then the bank is on the hook .
Alpert says in reference to how he saw CMBS trades get done , “ The Wachovia guys would say ‘ We ’ll just take back that silly credit risk you ’re worried about . ’
Of course that was a nice increase to earnings when they got the security sold .
The bank made money at the time . ”
When asked if Wells Fargo was prepared to pay out those credit default swaps if these securities default , a spokeswoman told Bank - Impode.com , ” In keeping with our strong risk discipline , we continually monitor all of our outstanding derivative positions .
We have provided extensive transparent disclosures on our derivatives in our 2008 annual report beginning on page 132 . ”
The real question is , however , was enough disclosed to investors about this practice when Wells purchased Wachovia ?
One top hedge fund manager who has experience in outing accounting fraud told Bank - Implode “ They needed to estimate that CDS liability upon the purchase of Wachovia .
If they did n’t , they ’ve committed fraud . ”
Since there is no way to track the amount of contracts Wachovia wrote due to the lack of a central clearinghouse for credit default swaps , the next best option for analysts is to examine how the loans that backed the mortgage securities are performing .
An in - depth review by Bank - Implode shows significant weakness regardless of Wells Fargo ’s recent claim to the Wall Street Journal that the merger integration is on track .
[ http://online.wsj.com/article/SB125304082083513011.html ]
According to the New York Post , Harry Markopolos , the whistleblower on Bernie Madoff , gave a speech this summer at the Greek Orthodox Church in Southampton predicting more major scandals will soon be revealed about the unregulated , $ 600 trillion , credit default swap market .
Ouch !
One senior member of Wells Fargo ’s commercial loan group who deals directly with the quandary , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , says , “ One third of this commercial portfolio we took on from Wachovia is impaired and needs to be completely rewritten .
I ’ve just hired five more guys and we ca n’t keep up with the volume of defaults .
Southeast Florida and Tampa are serious trouble spots . ”
Wachovia ’s third quarter 2008 filings , which reflect their assets three days before Wells Fargo agreed to the acquisition , shows the bank held a whopping $ 230 billion in its commercial loan portfolio .
Current figures show Wells ’ 90 - day defaults on its commercial portfolio are rapidly growing .
According to data from WLMlab.com which tracks financial numbers that Wells files with its regulators , the bank ’s Construction and Development portfolio , with $ 38.2 billion in loans , is defaulting at a level eight times greater than the rest of the nation ’s banks , as of June 30th .
[ Link : http://www.wlmlab.com/bkLP.asp?inst=HC1120754&loan=lnrecons&met=loan].
Alarming right ?
Wachovia commercial loan officers who spoke to Bank Implode say that the bank specialized in underwriting short - term loans up to five years during the credit boom of 2005 - 2007 .
The standard terms for such loans included interest - only payments on a floating rate with a huge balloon payment in the final year of the loan .
If these loans cannot be refinanced , more waves of defaults are inevitable .
According to Susan Smith , author of a recent PriceWaterhouseCoopers investor survey about the state of the CMBS market , more trouble is brewing .
“ It ’s going to be very difficult for these loans to get refinancing when the market value is going down and fundamentals are deteriorating , ” says Smith .
According to data from her report , problems in the South Florida region , to which Wachovia had large exposure , are amplified by an increasing overall cap rate , up 80 basis points from last year , and declining rent prices .
The OCR is the perception of risk investors see .
The overall cap rate goes up when the overall risk in the market is up .
Given the warning signs on the horizon , it ’s plausible that Wells Fargo would try to unload some of these troubled loans on the secondary market .
But according to multiple private investment shops set up to invest in distressed debt , Wells is n’t selling them .
If Wells were to sell the loans , not only would the bank have to book a loss , but would also have to pay out those pesky credit default swaps .
Instead of selling the loans , sources inside Wells commercial group told Bank Implode that they have been instructed to modify loans for customers in default by adjusting the interest rate , but not change the maturity date .
Why ?
According to Meredith Whitney , founder and CEO of Meredith Whiney Advisory Group , Wells is working an accounting game of “ extend and pretend . ”
“ If the bank does n’t change a maturity date , then it does not have to take an impairment charge on its books , which would affect earnings , ” says Whitney .
If the loans do n’t look like they are impaired , the rating agencies then do not have to downgrade the billions of CMBS that Wachovia sold to other banks and investors .
Moody ’s backed out of such a downgrade last month , after it previously warned downgrades were coming on $ 4.1 billion of Wachovia Bank commercial mortgage securities because it now expects principal and interest payments to continue [ link : http://online.wsj.com/article/SB125172997776872671.html ] .
Adds Whitney “ We ’ve seen Wells Fargo play modification games with its own loans .
Why would n’t they do it with the loans they took on from Wachovia ? ”
On Tuesday on CNBC , Whitney said again “ I do n’t know if those commercial modifications are going to work . ” [ link : http://www.cnbc.com/id/15840232?video=1254430805&play=1 ]
In response to analyst expressing doubts that the near $ 40 billion structured into the purchase of Wachovia for losses in its total portfolio will be enough CEO John Stumpf spoke out .
Stumpf told investors at the Barclays conference this week , Wells Fargo has used $ 2.2 billion in credits for losses from Wachoiva ’s commercial mortgages , or one - fifth of the $ 10.4 billion in total losses it expects from those loans .
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB125312018580716543.html)
Unfortunately for investors , banks hold CDS liabilities off balance sheet and do not recognize them as a loss until they actually have to pay it .
Wachovia at least disclosed in its third quarter 2008 10 - K on note 15 , that credit derivatives are a regular part of how they finance commercial activities , and add that such instruments ‘ do n’t meet the criteria for designation as an accounting hedge ’ .
Given that a specific number for CDS exposure is not yet tenable , it ’s hard to say how many billions are at risk .
Yet most market players who follow this bank said when those CMBS de-lever and the derivatives come due , it will be a problem for which Wells is absolutely not adequately capitalized .
To give Wells Fargo credit , it might not even know the size of the problem .
Bank Implode could not find an analyst who covers the stock to say Wells actually has enough loss reserves built in for it , but regardless the analysts are very concerned about the bank ’s health based on the data that they do see .
Both Whitney and Paul Miller of FBR Capital Markets both have gone on - air and written in notes [ http://bankimplode.com/blog/2009/08/07/is-it-time-to-short-well/] to clients that Wells ’ loan loss reserves are not enough to handle coming impairments to residential loans .
Miller has a recommended stock price of $ 15 while WFC is currently trading around $ 29 .
So how can Wells really have enough capital to handle the liability of credit derivatives that will likely come due within the year ?
As we watch more and more of the junior tranches of commercial mortgage back securities Wachovia sold become worthless how will Wells Fargo afford to pay for the risk premiums Wachovia promised they ’d take care of if the loans blew up ?
From all indications , the bank cannot meet these obligations unless it raises more capital , sells good assets for a loss , or put more of that TARP money to use that CEO John Stumpf says is coming back to the taxpayer .
So much for “ earning our way out ” of the financial crisis .
[ Additional reporting by Chris Gillick ]
Editors Note :
This report holds no relevant stock positions
By Teri Buhl for BankImplode.com
In order to sort through the disaster that is Wells Fargo ’s ( quote : WFC ) commercial loan portfolio , the bank has hired help from outside experts to pour over the books … and they are shocked with what they are seeing .
Not only do the bank ’s outstanding commercial loans collectively exceed the property values to which they are attached , but derivative trades leftover from its acquisition of Wachovia are creating another set of problems for the already beleaguered San Francisco - based megabank .
Wachovia , which Wells purchased last fall as it teetered on the brink of collapse , was so desperate to increase revenue in the last few years of its existence that it underwrote loans with extremely shoddy standards and paid traders to take them off their books .
According to sources currently working out these loans at Wells Fargo , when selling tranches of commercial mortgage - backed securities below the super senior tranche , Wachovia promised to pay the buyer ’s risk premium by writing credit default swap contracts against these subordinate bonds .
Dan Alpert of Westwood Capital says these were practices that he saw going on in the market at large .
Keep in mind , should the junior tranches eventually default , then the bank is on the hook .
Alpert says in reference to how he saw CMBS trades get done , “ These guys would say ‘ We ’ll just take back that silly credit risk you ’re worried about . ’
Of course that was a nice increase to earnings when they got the security sold .
The bank made money at the time . ”
When asked if Wells Fargo was prepared to pay out those credit default swaps if these securities default , a spokeswoman told Bank - Impode.com , ” In keeping with our strong risk discipline , we continually monitor all of our outstanding derivative positions .
We have provided extensive transparent disclosures on our derivatives in our 2008 annual report beginning on page 132 . ”
The real question is , however , was enough disclosed to investors about this practice when Wells purchased Wachovia ?
One top hedge fund manager who has experience in outing accounting fraud told Bank - Implode “ They needed to estimate that CDS liability upon the purchase of Wachovia .
If they did n’t , they ’ve committed fraud . ”
Since there is no way to track the amount of contracts Wachovia wrote due to the lack of a central clearinghouse for credit default swaps , the next best option for analysts is to examine how the loans that backed the mortgage securities are performing .
An in - depth review by Bank - Implode shows significant weakness regardless of Wells Fargo ’s recent claim to the Wall Street Journal that the merger integration is on track .
According to the New York Post , Harry Markopolos , the most prominent whistleblower on Bernie Madoff , gave a speech this summer at the Greek Orthodox Church in Southampton predicting more major scandals will soon be revealed about the unregulated , $ 600 trillion , credit default swap market that Wachovia / Wells is playing in .
One senior member of Wells Fargo ’s commercial loan group who deals directly with the quandary , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , said , “ One third of this commercial portfolio we took on from Wachovia is impaired and needs to be completely rewritten .
I ’ve just hired five more guys and we ca n’t keep up with the volume of defaults .
Southeast Florida and Tampa are serious trouble spots . ”
Wachovia ’s third quarter 2008 filings , which reflect their assets three days before Wells Fargo agreed to the acquisition , shows the bank held a whopping $ 230 billion in its commercial loan portfolio .
Current figures show Wells ’ 90 - day defaults on its commercial portfolio are rapidly growing .
According to data from WLMlab.com which tracks financial numbers that Wells files with its regulators , the bank ’s Construction and Development portfolio , with $ 38.2 billion in loans , is defaulting at a level eight times greater than the rest of the nation ’s banks , as of June 30th .
Alarming , right ?
Wachovia commercial loan officers who spoke to BankImplode say that the bank specialized in underwriting short - term loans up to five years during the credit boom of 2005 - 2007 .
The standard terms for such loans included interest - only payments on a floating rate with a huge balloon payment in the final year of the loan .
If these loans cannot be refinanced , more waves of defaults are inevitable .
According to Susan Smith , author of a recent PriceWaterhouseCoopers investor survey about the state of the CMBS market , more trouble is brewing .
“ It ’s going to be very difficult for these loans to get refinancing when the market value is going down and fundamentals are deteriorating , ” says Smith .
According to data from her report , problems in the South Florida region , to which Wachovia had large exposure , are amplified by an increasing overall cap rate ( OCR ) , up 80 basis points from last year , and declining rent prices .
( The OCR is the perception of risk investors see .
The overall cap rate goes up when the overall risk in the market is up . )
Given the warning signs on the horizon , it ’s plausible that Wells Fargo would try to unload some of these troubled loans on the secondary market .
But according to multiple private investment shops set up to invest in distressed debt , Wells is n’t selling them .
If Wells were to sell the loans , not only would the bank have to book a loss , but would also have to pay out on those pesky credit default swaps .
Instead of selling the loans , sources inside Wells commercial group told BankImplode that they have been instructed to modify loans for customers in default by adjusting the interest rate , but not change the maturity date .
Why ?
According to Meredith Whitney , founder and CEO of Meredith Whiney Advisory Group , Wells is working an accounting game of “ extend and pretend . ”
“ If the bank does n’t change a maturity date , then it does not have to take an impairment charge on its books , which would affect earnings , ” says Whitney .
If the loans do n’t look like they are impaired , the rating agencies then do not have to downgrade the billions of CMBS that Wachovia sold to other banks and investors .
Moody ’s backed out of such a downgrade last month , after it previously warned downgrades were coming on $ 4.1 billion of Wachovia Bank commercial mortgage securities because it now expects principal and interest payments to continue .
Adds Whitney “ We ’ve seen Wells Fargo play modification games with its own loans .
Why would n’t they do it with the loans they took on from Wachovia ? ”
On Tuesday on CNBC , Whitney said again “ I do n’t know if those commercial modifications are going to work . ”
In response to analyst expressing doubts that the near $ 40 billion structured into the purchase of Wachovia for losses in its total portfolio will be enough , CEO John Stumpf spoke out .
Stumpf told investors at the Barclays conference this week , Wells Fargo has used $ 2.2 billion in credits for losses from Wachoiva ’s commercial mortgages , or one - fifth of the $ 10.4 billion in total losses it expects from those loans .
Unfortunately for investors , banks hold CDS liabilities off balance sheet and do not recognize them as a loss until they actually have to pay it .
Wachovia at least disclosed in its third quarter 2008 10 - K ( on note 15 ) that credit derivatives are a regular part of how they finance commercial activities , and add that such instruments ‘ do n’t meet the criteria for designation as an accounting hedge ’ .
Given that a specific number for CDS exposure is not yet tenable , it ’s hard to say how many billions are at risk .
Yet most market players who follow this bank said when those CMBS de-lever and the derivatives come due , it will be a problem for which Wells is absolutely not adequately capitalized .
To give Wells Fargo credit , it might not even know the size of the problem .
BankImplode could not find an analyst who covers the stock to say Wells actually has enough loss reserves built in for it , but regardless the analysts are very concerned about the bank ’s health based on the data that they do see .
Both Whitney and Paul Miller of FBR Capital Markets both have gone on - air and written in notes to clients that Wells ’ loan loss reserves are not enough to handle coming impairments to residential loans .
Miller has a recommended stock price of $ 15 while WFC is currently trading around $ 29 .
So could Wells really have enough capital to handle the liability of credit derivatives that will likely come due within the year ?
As we watch more and more of the junior tranches of commercial mortgage back securities Wachovia sold become worthless , how will Wells Fargo afford to pay for the risk premiums Wachovia promised they ’d cover of if the loans blew up ?
From all indications , the bank cannot meet these obligations unless it raises more capital , sells good assets for a loss , or puts more of that TARP money to use instead of sending it back to taxpayers , as CEO John Stumpf has promised .
So much for “ earning our way out ” of the financial crisis .
[ Additional reporting by Chris Gillick ]
Editors Note :
This reporter holds no relevant stock positions .
Teri Buhl is an investigative journalist who has written for Trader Monthly , New York Post , Housingwire , and Dealbreaker .
The race is on to revamp the romcom .
The Ugly Truth sought to enhance the formula by toying briefly with reality .
Now , Love Happens attempts to soup up the recipe by chucking in dollops of death , grief and guilt .
­ The critics do n't like this film any more than its predecessor .
Nonetheless , the romantic comedy refurbishment campaign seems unlikely to falter .
After all , a touch of sex stereotype reassignment was enough to equip The Proposal to sweep all before it .
If the nips and tucks are skilful enough , this hoary genre can , it seems , still do the business .
What , however , is the business that it 's doing ?
Romcoms do n't merely provide an evening 's harmless escapism .
They help underpin one of the most potent doctrines of our culture : the sanctity of romantic love .
It 's a doctrine in which many find relief from the materialism , apathy and banality of a society no longer hallowed by religious transcendence .
Yet it comes at a price .
The involuntary cognitive state that Jennifer Aniston finds herself depicting so frequently is real enough , but not particularly mystical .
Brain scans show it to be generated by the frisky interaction of chemicals like norepinephrine and dopamine .
If this hubbub 's triggered by recognition of genetic quality , as now seems to be assumed , that would explain why Aniston and her ilk have to be so annoyingly good - looking .
For some people , including doubtless many romcom addicts , the pursuit of what 's now called " limerence " by some researchers becomes an overriding goal .
Failure to encounter this experience can blight the lives of those who 've come to believe that nothing else really counts .
Yet even those who succeed in falling in love are unlikely to find that this solves all their problems .
Apparently , once the romance chemicals have done their little dance for a bit , the hypothalamus spoils the party by releasing a hormone called oxytocin , which puts something of a damper on things .
" True love " does n't last .
Studies conducted by psychologist Dorothy Tennov found that three years ' blissful limerence is pretty much the best we can hope for .
Your mum would have told you as much .
Nonetheless , Aniston 's characters ' real - life counterparts remain convinced that for some reason they 're exceptions to this rule .
The discovery that this is n't so provokes intense bitterness .
If romantic love is all that matters , its loss must be a catastrophe .
Its expropriation must be avenged and its pursuit commenced afresh .
Hence the ravages of divorce , potentially turning former intimates into ruthless foes , possibly inflicting cruel heartache on their children .
Romance , it turns out , destroys less glamorous but ultimately more important bonds of affection .
What we call love induces some of the worst behaviour that we 're likely to encounter .
Yet when this occurs , it usually invites no censure , let alone punishment .
Romantic love is a get - out - of - jail - free card that legitimises actions which would otherwise be thought contemptible .
Home - wreckers steal something cherished far more deeply than money or possessions .
Nonetheless , they go on to build their happiness on the misery of others without having to endure the slightest disapproval .
After all , they had no choice but to do what they did : they were in love .
Jennifer Aniston is herself a victim of this process , perhaps currently the world 's most celebrated .
Yet she continues to devote her career to fuelling the furnace that 's consumed her own romantic hopes .
In other cultures , romantic love enjoys no comparable status .
Our own ancestors might find our veneration of it as puzzling as we find their worship of pagan gods .
In our otherwise disrespectful age , the persistence of its dominion is rather remarkable .
Would it have proved so enduring without the big screen 's relentless promotion of its supposedly limitless benefits ?
On the small screen , romantic passion gets cut down to size .
Come over a bit too torrid in The Vic and you 'll just raise sceptical eyebrows .
The movies , on the other hand , are enthralled by its glitter and grandeur .
They feed off it greedily , and in so doing , feed it .
More 's the pity .
DPS trooper busted on steroid charge Trooper Jeff Jerman accused of steroid peddling after state - federal probe
A Department of Public Safety trooper based in Boerne was jailed Friday on a felony charge of delivery of a controlled substance .
A DPS press release said Trooper Jeffery Jerman , 33 , was arrested after a month - long investigation into alleged steroid - dealing and was booked into the Kendall County Jail .
He was released on a $ 15,000 bond .
" Everybody was shocked by it , " Kendall County Chief Deputy Matt King said of the arrest .
Jerman began working out of the sheriff 's department offices there earlier his year , having previously worked in Kerrville .
DPS officials said Jerman , who worked for the agency for nine years , was suspended pending the resolution of the joint investigation by the agency 's criminal investigation division , the Texas Rangers and the federal Drug Enforcement Administration .
DPS spokeswoman Tela Mange declined to discuss any details of the case , saying the investigation was ongoing .
A statement released by the agency quoted DPS Director Steven McCraw as saying , " The Department of Public Safety is made up of thousands of hard - working and honest commissioned officers and non-commissioned professionals . "
" Unfortunately , as with any large organization , isolated incidents occur when individuals violate their oath of office and run afoul of the law . "
There is a chance , however , that your competition might not be able to put all that beefy muscle to use .
There are dozens of hypotheses about what the T. rex used its arms for , Conrad explains , but the ones taken most seriously involve pushing itself up if it was lying on its belly , tossing big chunks of meat into its mouth , or holding onto females during what scientists suspect was a very vigorous mating routine .
These ideas are favored because such actions required Barbie doll–like up - and - down motions of the arm , and fossil evidence indicates that the dino king was incapable of rotating or twisting its arms .
" The T. rex probably could n't have done the arm - wrestling move , " Conrad says .
" So maybe you could get him on a technicality . "
When the government set up its academy programme , nine years ago , people asked : why do you have to take control of these schools out of the hands of parents , teachers and the local community , and deliver them , bound hand and foot , into the hands of sponsors ?
Why do sponsors – mostly private companies and religions – have to have absolute and iron control , with an in - built majority on the governing board ?
And the answer came back from ministers : because sponsors are putting in the money .
Academies unlocked private sector funding .
If say , Peter Vardy in the north east , or Robert Edmiston in the Midlands were to loosen their bulging wallets , they would expect something in return .
That something , in the case of Vardy and Edmiston , was the chance to instil in their academies the ferocious evangelical Christianity which these two gentlemen espouse .
Of course the money was a tiny proportion of the capital cost , general tens of millions , and sponsors made no contribution at all to the running costs .
For a one - off payment of £ 2 million they controlled their schools in perpetuity .
But then , £ 2 m was n't to be sniffed at .
£ 2 m is £ 2 m .
Except that it is n't .
Even back in 2000 , sponsors wanted the control without the entrance fee .
Quite soon , ministers started talking about sponsors providing " up to £ 2 m . "
And then , ever so quietly , five dreaded words were added : " ... in cash or in kind . "
Gifts of the products a company makes , valued generously , could go towards the £ 2 m .
So could the services of an elderly executive , too senior to fire and too tired to be much use , to sit on committees , his time notionally charged out at a generous hourly rate .
Even then , few of the sponsors ever produced the full £ 2 m , either in cash or in kind .
I predicted what would happen two years ago in my book The Great City Academy Fraud ( Continuum , 2007 . )
Eventually , when ministers hoped everyone had forgotten the original justification for academies , an education secretary would do what Ed Balls has just done , and remove the financial requirement entirely .
The shallow pretence that academies could unlock private sector money would be abandoned , and we would find out what academies were really for ; which was , quite simply , a means of privatising schools .
Academies are really about New Labour 's conviction that there is nothing we can do for ourselves that private companies , religions and charities cannot do better for us .
Ministers believe that schools are better off controlled by the United Learning Trust ( ULT ) , the biggest academy sponsor , than if they were controlled by those who use them and those who live near to them .
ULT is a subsidiary of the United Church Schools Trust , which also runs a string of fee- charging schools .
It is a Church of England organisation which controls its schools tightly from the centre , so that its heads do not even have authority to speak to the press without authorisation from head office , and has been condemned for low pay by the Head of Education at the trade union Unison , Christina McAnea .
" Some ULT academies are losing staff at a similar rate to the hotel and catering industry " she said 11 months ago .
" Paying one of the lowest minimum rates in the public sector must be contributing to this . "
There is an obvious solution .
Give the people 's schools back to the people .
Transcript
Good evening :
This is the 37th time I have spoken to you from this office , where so many decisions have been made that shaped the history of this Nation .
Each time I have done so to discuss with you some matter that I believe affected the national interest .
In all the decisions I have made in my public life , I have always tried to do what was best for the Nation .
Throughout the long and difficult period of Watergate , I have felt it was my duty to persevere , to make every possible effort to complete the term of office to which you elected me .
In the past few days , however , it has become evident to me that I no longer have a strong enough political base in the Congress to justify continuing that effort .
As long as there was such a base , I felt strongly that it was necessary to see the constitutional process through to its conclusion , that to do otherwise would be unfaithful to the spirit of that deliberately difficult process and a dangerously destabilizing precedent for the future .
But with the disappearance of that base , I now believe that the constitutional purpose has been served , and there is no longer a need for the process to be prolonged .
I would have preferred to carry through to the finish , whatever the personal agony it would have involved , and my family unanimously urged me to do so .
But the interests of the Nation must always come before any personal considerations .
From the discussions I have had with Congressional and other leaders , I have concluded that because of the Watergate matter , I might not have the support of the Congress that I would consider necessary to back the very difficult decisions and carry out the duties of this office in the way the interests of the Nation will require .
I have never been a quitter .
To leave office before my term is completed is abhorrent to every instinct in my body .
But as President , I must put the interests of America first .
America needs a full - time President and a full - time Congress , particularly at this time with problems we face at home and abroad .
To continue to fight through the months ahead for my personal vindication would almost totally absorb the time and attention of both the President and the Congress in a period when our entire focus should be on the great issues of peace abroad and prosperity without inflation at home .
Therefore , I shall resign the Presidency effective at noon tomorrow .
Vice President Ford will be sworn in as President at that hour in this office .
As I recall the high hopes for America with which we began this second term , I feel a great sadness that I will not be here in this office working on your behalf to achieve those hopes in the next 2 1/2 years .
But in turning over direction of the Government to Vice President Ford , I know , as I told the Nation when I nominated him for that office 10 months ago , that the leadership of America will be in good hands .
In passing this office to the Vice President , I also do so with the profound sense of the weight of responsibility that will fall on his shoulders tomorrow and , therefore , of the understanding , the patience , the cooperation he will need from all Americans .
As he assumes that responsibility , he will deserve the help and the support of all of us .
As we look to the future , the first essential is to begin healing the wounds of this Nation , to put the bitterness and divisions of the recent past behind us and to rediscover those shared ideals that lie at the heart of our strength and unity as a great and as a free people .
By taking this action , I hope that I will have hastened the start of that process of healing which is so desperately needed in America .
I regret deeply any injuries that may have been done in the course of the events that led to this decision .
I would say only that if some of my judgments were wrong -- and some were wrong — they were made in what I believed at the time to be the best interest of the Nation .
To those who have stood with me during these past difficult months — to my family , my friends , to many others who joined in supporting my cause because they believed it was right — I will be eternally grateful for your support .
And to those who have not felt able to give me your support , let me say I leave with no bitterness toward those who have opposed me , because all of us , in the final analysis , have been concerned with the good of the country , however our judgments might differ .
So , let us all now join together in affirming that common commitment and in helping our new President succeed for the benefit of all Americans .
I shall leave this office with regret at not completing my term , but with gratitude for the privilege of serving as your President for the past 5 1/2 years .
These years have been a momentous time in the history of our Nation and the world .
They have been a time of achievement in which we can all be proud , achievements that represent the shared efforts of the Administration , the Congress , and the people .
But the challenges ahead are equally great , ' and they , too , will require the support and the efforts of the Congress and the people working in cooperation with the new Administration .
We have ended America 's longest war , but in the work of securing a lasting peace in the world , the goals ahead are even more far - reaching and more difficult .
We must ' complete a structure of peace so that it will be said of this generation , our generation of Americans , by the people of all nations , not only that we ended one war but that we prevented future wars .
We have unlocked the doors that for a quarter of a century stood between the United States and the People 's Republic of China .
We must now ensure that the one quarter of the world 's people who live in the People 's Republic of China will be and remain not our enemies , but our friends .
In the Middle East , 100 million people in the Arab countries , many of whom have considered us their enemy for nearly 20 years , now look on us as their friends .
We must continue to build on that friendship so that peace can settle at last over the Middle East and so that the cradle of civilization will not become its grave .
Together with the Soviet Union , we have made the crucial breakthroughs that have begun the process of limiting nuclear arms .
But we must set as our goal not just limiting but reducing and , finally , destroying these terrible weapons so that they cannot destroy civilization and so that ' the threat of nuclear war will no longer hang over the world and the people .
We have opened the new relation with the Soviet Union .
We must continue to develop and expand that new relationship so that the two strongest nations of the world will live together in cooperation , rather than confrontation .
Around the world in Asia , in Africa , in Latin America , in the Middle East - there are millions of people who live in terrible poverty , even starvation .
We must keep as our goal turning away from production for war and expanding production for peace so that people everywhere on this Earth can at last look forward in their children 's time , if not in our own time , to having the necessities for a decent life .
Here in America , we are fortunate that most of our people have not only the blessings of liberty but also the means to live full and good and , by the world 's standards , even abundant lives .
We must press on , however , toward a goal , not only of more and better jobs but of full opportunity for every American and of what we are striving so hard right now to achieve , prosperity without inflation .
For more than a quarter of a century in public life , I have shared in the turbulent history of this era .
I have fought for what I believed in .
I have tried , to the best of my ability , to discharge those duties and meet those responsibilities that were entrusted to me .
Sometimes I have succeeded and sometimes I have failed , but always I have taken heart from what Theodore Roosevelt once said about the man in the arena , " whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood , who strives valiantly , who errs and comes short again and again because there is not effort without error and shortcoming , but who does actually strive to do the deed , who knows the great enthusiasms , the great devotions , who spends himself in a worthy cause , who at the best knows in the end the triumphs of high achievements and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly . "
I pledge to you tonight that as long as I have a breath of life in my body , I shall continue in that spirit .
I shall continue to work for the great causes to which I have been dedicated throughout my years as a Congressman , a Senator , Vice President , and President , the cause of peace , not just for America but among all nations - prosperity , justice , and opportunity for all of our people .
There is one cause above all to which I have been devoted and to which I shall always be devoted for as long as I live .
When I first took the oath of office as President 5 1/ 2 years ago , I made this sacred commitment : to " consecrate my office , my energies , and all the wisdom I can summon to the cause of peace among nations . "
I have done my very best in all the days since to be true to that pledge .
As a result of these efforts , I am confident that the world is a safer place today , not only for the people of America but for the people of all nations , and that all of our children have a better chance than before of living in peace rather than dying in war .
This , more than anything , is what I hoped to achieve when I sought the Presidency .
This , more than anything , is what I hope will be my legacy to you , to our country , as I leave the Presidency .
To have served in this office is to have felt a very personal sense of kinship with each and every American .
In leaving it , I do so with this prayer : May God 's grace be with you in all the days ahead .
Note there is additional new material at the end of this column — Bob
I am old — so old that when I was a college freshman there were dormitories filled with men and others filled with women but no dormitories at all filled with both men and women , at least not where I went to school .
The women had it so bad that there was literally a time clock for signing - in and - out under the stern gaze of an old biddy tending the front desk — a desk she was determined that I , in particular , would NEVER get past .
And yet I did .
There was a public room for meeting visitors at the entrance of the women ’s dorm , there was the front desk , and behind it the hated time clock with about a hundred paper cards — one for each resident — for punching in and out .
Women had to be in their dorms ( I am not making this up ) by 10 PM , after which the front desk closed and anyone coming - in later than that presumably went straight to jail — or to Hell — it was never made clear which .
Then one night I stole all the time cards .
The biddy was gone from her post for just a moment , I vaulted the swinging gate , gathered - up all the time cards , and ran outside with my haul , which I later burned .
The cards were never replaced .
Sometimes change requires a catalyst and 39 years ago at a little college in Ohio I was that catalyst .
Social mores were changing , even in Amish country , and it was only a matter of time before these same - sex barriers would fall .
But still something has to happen to MAKE them fall .
I sense something similar coming for higher education in America , but this time it is likely to be the embrace of virtuality and what will go away could be the school , itself .
MIT has all its lectures available for viewing for free over the Internet .
Why has n’t some entrepreneur yet leveraged this amazing act of generosity ?
Some little school could outsource its entire physics department , for example , using MIT lectures and a single professor in - house .
My physics department had only 2.5 professors ( the .5 was the department chair who drove a cab on the side ) and we did n’t have the benefit of MIT video .
There is enough good material available for free online right now that it would be easy to create a virtual university ( WikiVersity ? ) with the only thing missing being the granting of degrees .
It ’s that whole “ degree from MIT ” thing that allows that school not to worry about sharing its lecture bounty , because in the education system lectures are viewed as worthless unless they lead to a degree .
Why is that ?
My friend Richard Miller ( he designed the Atari Jaguar video game console eons ago ) is one of the smartest engineers I ’ve ever met yet he does n’t have a degree in engineering .
Apple II designer Steve Wozniak got his degree from UC Berkeley only after leaving Apple in the early 1980s .
In both cases their employers could n’t have cared less .
What drives the education industry is producing degrees while what drives the computer industry is producing products and services .
When was the last time any employer asked to see your academic transcript ?
Have they ever ?
What ’s missing here is the higher education equivalent of a GED .
Someone will come up with one , or they should , because all the other parts of the system are ready to go .
Cushing Academy , a tony prep school in western Massachusetts , is right now replacing its 20,000 - volume library with a “ learning center ” containing 18 eBook readers , three giant TV screens , and a $ 12,000 espresso machine .
I wonder why they need a building or even a room at all ; would n’t it be cheaper just to give each kid an eBook reader and a Starbuck ’s gift card ?
We ’re on the cusp of a new era where the marginal cost of insight is low enough to create new kinds of virtual education institutions .
The important concept here is insight , which means more than fact , more than knowledge .
It is the link between facts and knowledge , a true act of understanding that enables thinking people to create something completely new .
Without insight you do n’t know jack .
But insight generally comes through personal connections — connections that to this point we ’ve typically had to create campuses and pay $ 50,000 per year to enjoy .
That no longer makes sense .
Education , which — along with health care — seems to exist in an alternate economic universe , ought to be subject to the same economic realities as anything else .
We should have a marketplace for insight .
Take a variety of experts ( both professors and lay specialists ) and make them available over the Internet by video conference .
Each expert charges by the minute with those charges adjusting over time until a real market value is reached .
The whole setup would run like iTunes and sessions would be recorded for later review .
Remember , all lectures are also available online for free .
What costs is the personal touch .
Say a particularly good professor wants to make $ 200,000 per year by working no more than 20 hours per week or about 1000 hours per year .
That gives them a billing rate of $ 200 per hour .
Now look back at your university career .
How much one - on - one time did you actually get with the professors who really influenced your life ?
I did the calculation and came up with about two hours per week , max .
Imagine a four - year undergraduate career running 30 weeks per year — 120 total weeks of school — times two hours of insight per week for a total of 240 hours .
At $ 200 per hour the cost comes to $ 48,000 or $ 12,000 per year .
That ’s a huge savings compared to the $ 200,000 + an MIT - level education would cost today ( remember the MIT online degree — there is one — costs the same as if you were attending in Cambridge ) .
And ideally the pool of insightful experts would be far greater than any one university could ever employ .
And that ’s the point of this exercise ; it ca n’t be an emulation of a traditional university , because that would inevitably disappoint — it has to be in at least one way clearly , obviously , stupendously BETTER than what ’s available now .
This could happen tomorrow , the pieces are all there ready to be put together .
Ironically it leverages one of the great red herrings of the Internet era — micropayments .
So much could happen , we ’ve all said , if only we could build a micropayment system that would actually work .
Well we can , and what makes it work is that the payments at $ 200 per hour are n’t so micro .
But they are micro enough .
It ’s time to vault the gate and burn those cards … again .
Here ’s an update as of Sunday night , September 6th — Bob
A number of readers have cited a feature story from Washington Monthly about an online university they see as very similar to the one I proposed above , charging only $ 99 per month .
The story is here and the school in question is called Straighterline and I found something of a critique of the program here in the Chronicle of Higher Education , which may have an axe of its own to grind .
Straighterline is interesting and cost - effective , but it is n’t exactly what I proposed .
Straighterline is more like online junior college with mainly introductory courses .
this is not to say that it could n’t become more in time and I hope it does .
But to do so the company will have to take a somewhat different approach .
Straighterline has a problem with accreditation — they ca n’t get it .
So they cut deals with no -name schools to effectively launder their credits , passing them on to third - party schools .
I see nothing wrong with this but in time Straighterline or schools like it will have to take a more direct approach to the problem of gaining acceptance .
The University of Phoenix did that through the simple expedient of offering real classes all over the place AND charging a lot more than $ 99 per month for all - you - can - learn .
Exciting as that price is , it is precisely what scares the crap out of many established colleges .
If I were running Straighterline , then , I ’d get ready to file a big restraint of trade lawsuit against some big vulnerable school caught up in , say , an NCAA athletic recruiting scandal .
“ Pick your targets carefully , ” Pa Cringely always said .
The other thing I would strongly recommend is that Straighterline put some big bucks into recruiting its own stellar faculty .
Spend whatever it takes to get the top people in some discipline to start .
Hire academics if you can and lay practitioners if you can’t .
Most academic contracts do n’t prohibit teaching part - time elsewhere and if they do try to stop the practice , well that ’s just a further example of restraint of trade .
As for the traditional schools with their red brick overhead , they remind me of a crowd I spoke to years ago in Minneapolis when I tried to explain the Internet to the people who run America ’s many state lotteries .
Lotteries , it turns out , are actually run by folks who used to be at the Department of Motor Vehicles .
They have a monopoly in their states on gambling and are determined to pursue it as a form of sin tax .
The idea that I presented in 1998 that Internet gambling could eventually hurt them was laughable : did n’t those Internet folks know the lotteries had a monopoly in their states ?
Yeah , right .
My recommendation was to take their games to the Internet and appeal to potential customers outside of Illinois or Iowa , maybe grab some of that easy money from Abu Dhabi .
They looked at me like I had two heads , but history has shown I was correct .
And it will be the same way with my proposed online university or with Straighterline Pro , if that ever comes to be .
Education is a talent business and anyone who can gather the best talent will offer the best service and have the greatest success .
This does n’t mean that Stanford and MIT will die , far from it .
But it means that some lesser institutions WILL die , while hybrid operations that are entirely new and different may well thrive .
Imagine the various higher education equivalents of drivers schools for people working - off their traffic tickets ( remember Comedy Traffic School ? ) .
With a solid curriculum available online to any institution , one point of differentiation can become location ( Hawaii , California , France , on ship , etc. ) or ambiance ( health spa , sports , luxury , religious , etc. ) .
The classes are identical , but where do you want to drink beer , and with whom ?
Maybe this seems silly , but it is also one likely future of higher education .
ROME ( Reuters ) - Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Friday dismissed suggestions that he should step down for the good of Italy ’s image , saying he was the only person qualified to lead the country now and by far the best in Italian history .
Italy 's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi looks on during a news conference at Chigi palace in Rome October 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Tony Gentile
Berlusconi , speaking at his first news conference since Italy ’s top court lifted his immunity from prosecution and opened the way for a resumption of corruption trials against him , also said he was the man most persecuted by judges “ in the entire history of the world . ”
Berlusconi was asked by an American reporter about calls by critics that he step down because his personal and legal problems damage Italy ’s image in the world .
“ The reality is completely the opposite , ” he said , remaining unusually calm in his response .
“ In my opinion , and not only mine , I am the best prime minister we can find today . ”
Smaller opposition parties and a number of editorials in foreign publications , including Friday ’s Financial Times , have called on the 73 - year - old Berlusconi to resign .
In a major blow for the premier , the Constitutional Court ruled on Wednesday that a law granting him immunity from prosecution while he is in office violates the constitution .
His lawyer said two trials against him could resume in two to three months , but he remained confident of acquittal .
Berlusconi ’s comments about being the only man for Italy ’s current political season also appeared to be a message to those within his center - right bloc who are said to be seeking a successor in Gianfranco Fini , lower house speaker and the second most important center - right leader .
At the news conference , Berlusconi repeated his assertion that he is the best prime minister in Italian history , but this time went one further when discussing his legal woes .
“ I am without a doubt the person who has been most persecuted by judges of all times , in the entire history of the world and the history of man , ” he said .
“ DAM AGAINST THE LEFT ”
Berlusconi said he was “ a dam against the left in Italy , ” again accused the country ’s president and the Constitutional Court of being politically biased , and said judges who rule against him are “ trying to subvert the will of the electorate . ”
The immunity law , one of Berlusconi ’s first acts after winning last year ’s election , halted all the cases against him , including one in which he is accused of bribing British lawyer David Mills to give false testimony to protect his businesses .
Mills ’ own , separate appeals trial resumed on Friday and his lawyers said they would call Berlusconi as a witness .
Mills was convicted at his first trial earlier this year .
Another trial , accusing Berlusconi of tax fraud and false accounting in the purchase of TV rights by his Mediaset broadcaster , was also frozen .
Berlusconi denies any wrongdoing .
Some commentators warned that tension stemming from the court ruling could destabilize Italy ’s political landscape and spill over into the economy .
They say the verdict is bound to weaken Berlusconi and make tough economic policy decisions less likely as the third largest economy in the euro zone struggles to recover from its deepest recession since World War Two .
But Berlusconi , who said he would go on television to prove that the trials against him are “ false , a farce , ” was adamant that his ability to govern would not be affected .
“ I do n’t see any problem for the country , for the government or for me besides the fact that I will have to take some time out of my work for the country ( to attend trials ) . ”
He seemed to go out of his way to stay calm in his lengthy answer at the news conference , during which he accused the foreign media of reading Italy through the lens of the country ’s leftist newspapers .
By contrast , in spontaneous comments on the day of the court decision , an angry Berlusconi clenched his fist and raised his voice .
He has also has been hit by a spate of scandals surrounding his private life , including allegations that a businessman paid prostitutes to sleep with him .
His wife announced in May she wanted a divorce because of his womanizing .
Ludacris gives away 20 cars
Ludacris has given away 20 cars last Sunday in his hometown of Atlanta , Georgia as part of his Ludacris Stimulus Package contest , where participants wrote a 300 - word essay about their struggles .
The award winning rapper teamed up with Ludacris Foundation and Nissan South to give away 20 used vehicles to those who need it , free gas for 30 days included .
“ People are getting laid off , and now are looking for jobs , ” Ludacris said .
“ To be efficient , you need some transportation of your own to get there .
That ’s why I wanted to give back to those who need it . ”
Roberta Shields , president of Ludacris foundation said , “ This year we want to do something to help youth and families manage during these tough economic times .
Having a vehicle to get back and forth to work and daycare can make the difference in getting and keeping a job ” .
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - The United States , which posted a record deficit in the last fiscal year , may lose its Aaa - rating if it does not reduce the gap to manageable levels in the next 3 - 4 years , Moody ’s Investors Service said on Thursday .
The U.S. government posted a deficit of $ 1.417 trillion in the year ended September 30 as the deep recession and a series of bank rescues cut a gaping hole in its public finances .
The White House has forecast deficits of more than $ 1 trillion through fiscal 2011 .
“ The Aaa rating of the U.S. is not guaranteed , ” said Steven Hess , Moody ’s lead analyst for the United States said in an interview with Reuters Television .
“ So if they do n’t get the deficit down in the next 3 - 4 years to a sustainable level , then the rating will be in jeopardy . ”
Moody ’s has a stable outlook on the U.S. rating , which indicates a change is not expected over the next 18 months .
Earlier this year , financial markets were spooked by concerns about the risk of the United States losing its top rating after Standard & Poor ’s revised its outlook on Britain to negative from stable , indicating the risk of a downgrade .
Hess said that reducing the budget deficit would be a challenge .
“ Raising taxes is never popular and difficult politically so we have to see if the government can do that or cut expenditure , ” he said while adding it would be tough to reduce expenditure .
Alistair Darling is ready to hand over up to £ 5bn of taxpayers ' money to the part - nationalised Lloyds Banking Group in order to shore up its finances .
Lloyds , 43 % owned by the taxpayer , is seeking £ 25 bn of extra capital so it can escape the multibillion - pound cost of the government 's toxic asset insurance scheme .
Selling new shares worth up to £ 5bn to the Treasury is part of the complex plan currently being considered by the regulators .
Any cash injection would follow the £ 17bn poured into Lloyds after its rescue takeover of HBOS last year when the collapse of Lehman Brothers sent the financial markets into a tailspin .
Lloyds has managed to repay £ 3 bn but is now asking the taxpayer for more cash at a time when concerns over the budget deficit have led both major parties to promise severe cuts in public spending .
The move is likely to be seen as another climbdown by the government in its treatment of banks that are preparing to pay their staff millions of pounds in bonuses on the back of booming markets .
The Wall Street bank JP Morgan Chase kicked off the latest bank reporting season by announcing profits of $ 3.6bn in the past three months , figures likely to be matched today by Goldman Sachs when it reports third - quarter results .
Goldman bankers are on track to have a bonus pool of $ 22bn by the end of the year – an average payment of more than $ 700,000 .
The Dow Jones industrial average yesterday closed at 10,015 as it continued its strong rally from a low earlier this year of 6,470 .
The FTSE 100 index was up more than 100 points in London .
Negotiations between Lloyds and the government are still continuing and no decision has yet been made by the regulatory authorities , including the Financial Services Authority , about the viability of the bank 's plan .
The final deal is expected to be announced within the next few weeks .
The government must also win the approval of Brussels regulators , who have been scrutinising the UK 's plethora of bank rescue measures to check whether they comply with EU state aid rules .
The extra investment being demanded by Lloyds is part of its concerted effort to avoid participation in the government 's asset protection scheme , which was announced in January when the future of the banking system was still not assured .
The scheme was intended to convince the City that Lloyds and Royal Bank of Scotland would not be crushed by bad loans as customers halted repayments when the recession deepened .
Nine months later , the details of the scheme are yet to be agreed and Lloyds is determined to escape paying a hefty premium for the government to insure its toxic assets because it believes its losses have peaked .
Lloyds plans to raise around £ 11bn from its investors in the financial markets with the balance coming from debt restructuring and a sale of assets .
To maintain its shareholding of 43 % , the government would have to stump up about £ 5 bn of that sum .
But the chancellor is demanding a fee from Lloyds of an estimated £ 2bn , which would be set against the government 's subscription to the new share issue , and will ultimately determine the final amount used to buy the new shares .
The Treasury insists that announcing the insurance scheme earlier this year helped to restore confidence in the battered banks by convincing investors that the government was standing behind their backlog of bad loans .
It says Lloyds should pay for the insurance it has already enjoyed while the details about the scheme are hammered out .
Eric Daniels , Lloyds ' chief executive , is telling City investors that he is keen to extricate the bank from the scheme so he can keep the taxpayer 's stake below the 50 % level and out of the government 's control .
Under the current terms of the scheme Lloyds would be required to issue " B shares " to the government which do not carry voting rights but would force the taxpayer 's economic stake beyond 60 % .
( CNN ) --
The death of a spectator overshadowed an intriguing 14th stage of the Tour de France which saw Rinaldo Nocentini desperately cling on to the leader 's yellow jersey in cycling 's premier event .
George Hincapie , front , upstaged his compatriot and former teammate Lance Armstrong to take second place overall .
A woman died after being hit by a police motorcycle on Saturday afternoon in Wittelsheim , a village in Alsace in northeastern France which is 40 kilometers from the start of the race 's leg from Colmar to Besancon .
French police told CNN that two other people were injured and taken to hospital .
The Tour released a statement on its official Web site saying the 61 - year - old woman was hit when she crossed the road after a group of cyclists passed , then the motorcycle slid and injured two other spectators .
A 36 - year - old is in hospital with neck pain , and a 61 - year - old has a broken leg
The incident marred an eventful day 's racing in which George Hincapie leapt up into second place overall , five seconds behind Nocentini , following a 12 - man breakaway .
The American finished eighth in a group of eight who were all 16 seconds behind stage winner Serguei Ivanov of Russia , and had been ahead of Nocentini until the 143 - strong peloton made up time at the end .
The Columbia team rider 's rise up the standings saw his compatriot and former teammate , seven - time champion Lance Armstrong , drop to fourth place overall .
Armstrong was still eight seconds off the lead after finishing 49th , with Astana teammate Alberto Contador six seconds adrift in third following his classification of 37th .
Nocentini was relieved to retain first place and was grateful to his AG2R teammates , with Nicolas Roche finishing second after powering past Hayden Roche in the final few hundred meters as Ivanov claimed his second stage victory eight years after his first .
" It was a very difficult day today because we 're getting tired from all the effort in the last week , " the Italian , who finished 45th , told the race 's official Web site .
" We had a rider up front so we did n't have to ride but because Hincapie was in the move there was a big risk of losing the yellow jersey .
" Eventually , with 50 kilometers to go , our directeur sportif Vincent Lavenu said , ' Okay , let 's go !
Let 's catch the guys . '
Okay this was n't possible but we had to limit our losses and keep the jersey .
" I told the guys , ' Listen , I do n't mind .
If you want to go for it and defend the jersey , that 's great .
But if you do n't want to , that 's okay .
You 've already worked so hard over the last few days so it does n't really matter . '
" Eventually I 've kept the lead by just five seconds , so I 'm really pleased with how this Tour has gone for me so far .
And I 'm really grateful for the commitment from my team . "
Thor Hushovd extended his lead in the green jersey sprint category as he finished at the head of the peloton in 13th place , while nearest rival Mark Cavendish finished right at the back of it in 154th after the two tussled in the closing stages .
The riders will now head back into the mountains through the Swiss Alps for the 207.5 km 15th stage from Pontarlier to Verbier , with the climbers expected to come to the fore again just a week ahead of the finish in Paris .
All About George Hincapie • Rinaldo Nocentini • Lance Armstrong • Astana • Columbia • Tour de France • Cycling • Sports
An international team of researchers , including Monash University biochemists , has discovered evidence at the molecular level in support of one of the key tenets of Darwin 's theory of evolution .
Monash University 's Professor Trevor Lithgow said the breakthrough , funded by the Australian Research Council and published recently in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , provides a blueprint for a general understanding of the evolution of the " machinery " of our cells .
" Our cells , and the cells of all organisms , are composed of molecular machines .
These machines are built of component parts , each of which contributes a partial function or structural element to the machine .
How such sophisticated , multi-component machines could evolve has been somewhat mysterious , and highly controversial . "
Professor Lithgow said .
A non-Darwinian explanation , from believers of Intelligent Design , proposed these complex machines to be " irreducibly complex " .
In other words they are so neatly complex and complete that they could n't have evolved but rather must have been designed by an intelligent entity .
" Our research shows that these machines although complete and complex , were a result of evolution .
Simple ' core ' machines were established in the first eukaryotes by drawing on pre-existing proteins that had previously provided distinct , simplistic functions , " Professor Lithgow said .
As a model system , the research focused on one specific molecular machine , the TIM complex , which transports proteins into mitochondria .
Mitochondria are a compartment of human cells that serve as the energy - producing ' powerhouses ' .
At a very early stage in evolution , mitochondria were derived from bacteria that lived within the first eukaryotic cells .
" Our cells literally are chimeras of a " host " cell and these intracellular bacteria .
Yet bacteria do n't have TIM complexes – to understand where the TIM complex came from we simply applied scientific reasoning and looked at a modern - day bacterium akin to the organism that gave rise to mitochondria . "
Professor Lithgow said .
The group looked at the bacterium Caulobacter crescentus and found bacterial proteins related to the components of the mitochondrial TIM complex .
They then showed that these bacterial proteins are not found as part of protein transport machines .
" François Jacob described evolution as a tinkerer , cobbling together proteins of one function to yield more complex machines capable of new functions . "
Professor Lithgow said .
" Our work describes a perfect example of Jacob 's proposition , and shows that Darwin 's theory of evolution beautifully explains how molecular machines came to be . "
Professor Lithgow was joined by Monash researchers Dr Abigail Clements , Dr Dejan Bursac , Dr Xenia Gatsos , Dr. Andrew Perry , Mr. Srgjan Civciristov and Ms. Nermin Celik together with researchers from the University of Melbourne and Yale University in the US .
Mandy and the Lockerbie bomber and ANOTHER ' coincidence ' in Corfu
Lord Mandelson faces the prospect of a sleaze investigation after he met Colonel Gaddafi 's son days before it emerged that the Lockerbie bomber was to be freed .
Saif al - Islam Gaddafi , who is seen as the Libyan dictator 's most likely successor , was also a guest of billionaire financiers Jacob and Nat Rothschild at their Corfu villa where the Business Secretary stayed a week .
A spokesman for Lord Mandelson confirmed he and Mr Gaddafi discussed the case of Abdelbaset Ali al - Megrahi , who is expected to be sent home by the end of the week .
Lord Mandelson discussed the Lockerbie bomber with Colonel Gaddafi 's son Seif ( right ) during his holiday in Corfu
Officials in Scotland , where the final decision will be made , admitted there had been ' contact ' with ministers and officials in London .
Lord Mandelson 's spokesman said : ' Peter met Gaddafi 's son in Corfu .
Their stay coincided for one night .
It was a fleeting conversation - two or three sentences .
' The subject was raised but Peter was unsighted on it and there was no follow through .
Set to be freed : Al Megrahi , who was convicted of the Lockerbie bombing
' This is a matter for the Scottish executive and certainly Peter Mandelson had no input into it . '
But MPs and campaigners pointed out that the peer has a history of making policy decisions that assist his wealthy friends .
Campaign group The Sunlight Centre for Open Politics has reported Lord Mandelson to Cabinet Secretary Sir Gus O'Donnell , calling for an investigation of whether he has breached the ministerial code of conduct .
That could prompt an inquiry by sleaze watchdog Sir Philip Mawer , the guardian of the code , which states that cabinet members must ensure they avoid anything that ' could reasonably be perceived ' as a conflict between their personal affairs and their public duties .
The group 's director Christopher Galley told the Mail : ' It is important for transparent government that this is investigated thoroughly to see if there have been any breaches of the ministerial code .
It is important to air the whole thing . '
Tory frontbencher Chris Grayling said : ' It is quite extraordinary that on so many occasions events in Lord Mandelson 's private life get mixed up with controversial political decisions .
' We all know his record as Labour 's arch manipulator .
Instead of the usual excuses , what we need is a full and detailed explanation of the nature of the discussions and what happened subsequently . '
' Fleeting conversation ' : Lord Mandelson met with Seif Gaddafi at a party thrown by Jacob Rothschild ( pictured with the Business Secretary ) in Corfu
LibDem MP Norman Baker said : ' The issue of Lockerbie is very sensitive for the families of the dead .
The last thing we need is backchannel diplomacy conducted by Lord Mandelson . '
Lord Mandelson 's spokesman said he is unrepentant , adding : ' He sees meeting these figures from business as entirely in keeping with his government post . '
A spokesman for Scotland 's Justice Secretary , Kenny MacAskill , said that , as the Prisoner Transfer Agreement with Libya was struck by Westminster , ' you would expect that at some point there would have been contact with the UK Government ' .
It would now be up to Mr MacAskill alone to determine the outcome , he added .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A poverty - rights group that has drawn the ire of conservatives suffered another setback in Washington on Monday when the U.S. Senate voted overwhelmingly to deny it access to federal housing funds .
The Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , which helps poor people fight foreclosures and fix tax problems , has received more than $ 53 million in U.S. funds since 1994 , but conservatives ’ charges of widespread fraud have begun to impact its reputation in the capital .
Last week , the U.S. Census Bureau told the group it did not want its help boosting participation in next year ’s census .
The Senate measure , which passed 83 to 7 in the Democratic - led chamber , was included in a must - pass spending bill that funds housing and transportation programs for the fiscal year that starts October 1 .
“ This is an opportunity for the United States Senate to stand up and say ‘ Enough is enough ’ just as the Census Bureau did , ” said Republican Senator Mike Johanns , the measure ’s sponsor .
The bill includes $ 165 million for housing - counseling programs and $ 4 billion to help poor communities weather the worst recession since the 1930s .
ACORN said the Senate ’s action was disappointing but would have little impact on its overall operations .
“ The only real victims of today ’s vote are the families who have benefited from ACORN ’s important work , ” ACORN chief Bertha Lewis said in a statement posted on the group ’s website .
The House of Representatives passed a similar spending bill without restrictions on ACORN .
The House and Senate must resolved differences before a final measure can be sent to Obama to sign into law .
Republicans say ACORN engaged in widespread fraud during the 2008 presidential campaign when it launched a massive voter - registration drive in minority communities , which typically support Democrats and ended up voting overwhelmingly for President Barack Obama .
ACORN says less than 2 percent of its 1.3 million voter applications were fraudulent , stemming from canvassers who sought to boost the number of forms they turned in .
Independent analysts say any actual impact on the election was negligible .
The group has also suffered an embezzlement scandal involving the founder ’s brother .
ACORN more recently has been embarrassed by conservative activists who secretly taped employees in several cities giving tax advice to a couple posing as a pimp and prostitute .
The group has fired several of those taped while denouncing the actions as a smear campaign .
For more help see the Common Knowledge help page
You must log in to edit Common Knowledge data .
For Hana and her grandparents .
Beyond the Indian hamlet , upon a forlorn strand , I happened on a trail of recent footprints .
Quotations
You need to log in to change this bug 's status .
Affecting : Hardy Backports
Filed here by : Nicola Ferralis When : 2009 -08 - 15 Completed : 2009-09-02 Target Distribution Baltix BOSS Juju Charms Collection Elbuntu Guadalinex Guadalinex Edu Kiwi Linux n Ubuntu PLD Linux Tilix tuXlab Ubuntu Ubuntu Linaro Evaluation Build Ubuntu RTM Package Find… ) Project Find… )
Status Importance Invalid Undecided Assigned to Nobody Me Comment on this change ( optional ) Email me about changes to this bug report
You need to log in to change this bug 's status .
Affecting : Intrepid Ibex Backports
Filed here by : Nicola Ferralis When : 2009 -08 - 15 Completed : 2009-09-02 Target Distribution Baltix BOSS Juju Charms Collection Elbuntu Guadalinex Guadalinex Edu Kiwi Linux n Ubuntu PLD Linux Tilix tuXlab Ubuntu Ubuntu Linaro Evaluation Build Ubuntu RTM Package Find… ) Project Find… )
Status Importance Invalid Undecided Assigned to Nobody Me Comment on this change ( optional ) Email me about changes to this bug report
You need to log in to change this bug 's status .
Affecting : Jaunty Jackalope Backports
Filed here by : Nicola Ferralis When : 2009 -08 - 15 Completed : 2009-09-02 Target Distribution Baltix BOSS Juju Charms Collection Elbuntu Guadalinex Guadalinex Edu Kiwi Linux n Ubuntu PLD Linux Tilix tuXlab Ubuntu Ubuntu Linaro Evaluation Build Ubuntu RTM Package Find… ) Project Find… )
Status Importance Invalid Undecided Assigned to Nobody Me Comment on this change ( optional ) Email me about changes to this bug report
You need to log in to change this bug 's status .
Affecting : The Dell Mini Project Filed here by : Nicola Ferralis When : 2009 - 08 - 12 Completed : 2009 - 10 -04 Target Distribution Baltix BOSS Juju Charms Collection Elbuntu Guadalinex Guadalinex Edu Kiwi Linux n Ubuntu PLD Linux Tilix tuXlab Ubuntu Ubuntu Linaro Evaluation Build Ubuntu RTM Package Find… ) Project Find… )
Status Importance Invalid Undecided Assigned to Nobody Me Comment on this change ( optional ) Email me about changes to this bug report
You need to log in to change this bug 's status .
Affecting : sun-java6 ( Ubuntu ) Filed here by : CeesSluis When : 2009 -08-05 Confirmed : 2009 -08-05 Started work : 2009 -08 - 17 Completed : 2009 -08 - 17 Target Distribution Baltix BOSS Juju Charms Collection Elbuntu Guadalinex Guadalinex Edu Kiwi Linux n Ubuntu PLD Linux Tilix tuXlab Ubuntu Ubuntu Linaro Evaluation Build Ubuntu RTM Package Find… ) Project Find… ) Status Importance Fix Released Undecided Assigned to Nobody Me Comment on this change ( optional ) Email me about changes to this bug report
You need to log in to change this bug 's status .
Affecting : sun-java6 ( Ubuntu Hardy )
Filed here by : Jamie Strandboge When : 2009 - 08 - 17 Confirmed : 2009 -08 - 17 Started work : 2009 -08-31 Completed : 2010 -08-02 Package Find… ) Status Importance Fix Released Undecided Assigned to Nobody Me Comment on this change ( optional ) Email me about changes to this bug report
​ Intrepid Invalid Undecided Unassigned Edit
You need to log in to change this bug 's status .
Affecting : sun-java6 ( Ubuntu Intrepid )
Filed here by : Jamie Strandboge When : 2009 - 08 - 17 Completed : 2010 -05-08 Package Find… ) Status Importance Invalid Undecided Assigned to Nobody Me Comment on this change ( optional ) Email me about changes to this bug report
You need to log in to change this bug 's status .
Affecting : sun-java6 ( Ubuntu Jaunty )
Filed here by : Jamie Strandboge When : 2009 - 08 - 17 Confirmed : 2009 -08 - 17 Started work : 2009 - 11 - 22 Completed : 2009 - 11-22 Package Find… ) Status Importance Fix Released Undecided Assigned to Nobody Me Comment on this change ( optional ) Email me about changes to this bug report
As previously discussed , this hamfisted attempt at wit remains the scourge of retail establishments the world over .
As it turns out , the umpteen - million variations are even more hilariously clever !
For example , while the original version merely confuses a lot of people , this one just seems like a bizarre incentive for child abandonment .
Quickly , however , things start to get very un - p.c .
( And also…very creepy . )
This version , in fact , is almost as popular as the original .
( Other examples here and here and here and here and here and …is that a machete ? )
Child slavery ?
Now that ’s comedy gold .
But really , why stop there ?
Why not “ unattended children will be trafficked into child prostitution ” ?
“ Unattended children will be sold to pedophiles ” ?
Or anally probed ? or …
Hilarious , right ?
related : the “ your mother does n’t work here ” of the hospitality industry
Researchers at the University of Washington and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill have taken an important step in converting methane gas to a liquid , potentially making it more useful as a fuel and as a source for making other chemicals .
Methane , the primary component of natural gas , is plentiful and is an attractive fuel and raw material for chemicals because it is more efficient than oil , produces less pollution and could serve as a practical substitute for petroleum - based fuels until renewable fuels are widely useable and available .
However , methane is difficult and costly to transport because it remains a gas at temperatures and pressures typical on the Earth 's surface .
Now UNC and UW scientists have moved closer to devising a way to convert methane to methanol or other liquids that can easily be transported , especially from the remote sites where methane is often found .
The finding is published in the Oct. 23 issue of the journal Science .
Methane is valued for its high - energy carbon - hydrogen bonds , which consist of a carbon atom bound to four hydrogen atoms .
The gas does not react easily with other materials and so it is most often simply burned as fuel .
Burning breaks all four hydrogen - carbon bonds and produces carbon dioxide and water , said Karen Goldberg , a UW chemistry professor .
Converting methane into useful chemicals , including readily transported liquids , currently requires high temperatures and a lot of energy .
Catalysts that turn methane into other chemicals at lower temperatures have been discovered , but they have proven to be too slow , too inefficient or too expensive for industrial applications , Goldberg said .
Binding methane to a metal catalyst is the first step required to selectively break just one of the carbon - hydrogen bonds in the process of converting the gas to methanol or another liquid .
In their paper , the researchers describe the first observation of a metal complex ( a compound consisting of a central metal atom connected to surrounding atoms or molecules ) that binds methane in solution .
This compound serves as a model for other possible methane complexes .
In the complex , the methane 's carbon - hydrogen bonds remained intact as they bound to a rare metal called rhodium .
The work should spur further advances in developing catalysts to transform methane into methanol or other liquids , Goldberg said , although she noted that actually developing a process and being able to convert the gas into a liquid chemical at reasonable temperatures still is likely some distance in the future .
" The idea is to turn methane into a liquid in which you preserve most of the carbon - hydrogen bonds so that you can still have all that energy , " she said .
" This gives us a clue as to what the first interaction between methane and metal must look like . "
Maurice Brookhart , a UNC chemistry professor , said carbon - hydrogen bonds are very strong and hard to break , but in methane complexes breaking the carbon - hydrogen bond becomes easier .
" The next step is to use knowledge gained from this discovery to formulate other complexes and conditions that will allow us to catalytically replace one hydrogen atom on methane with other atoms and produce liquid chemicals such as methanol , " Brookhart said .
###
The lead author of the paper is Wesley Bernskoetter of Brown University , who did the work while at UNC .
Goldberg , Brookhart and Cynthia Schauer , associate chemistry professor at UNC , are co-authors .
The work comes out of a major National Science Foundation - funded collaboration , the UW - based Center for Enabling New Technologies Through Catalysis , which involves 13 universities and research centers in the United States and Canada , including UNC .
Additional funding came from the National Institutes of Health .
The center , directed by Goldberg , is aimed at finding efficient , inexpensive and environmentally friendly ways to produce chemicals and fuels .
For more information , contact Goldberg at 206-616-2973 or goldberg@chem.washington.edu or Brookhart at 919-962-0362 or mbrookhart@unc.edu
" But did n't Al Gore already make the climate change documentary ? " has been a common question over the five years we 've been making The Age of Stupid .
It never fails to raise a weary smile .
Casablanca had already done love , so why bother with Brokeback Mountain ?
Apocalypse Now did war .
What 's the point of Three Kings ?
Love and war will soon become minor concerns , as the full horrors of climate change begin to unfold .
When I started my first documentary , McLibel , I never for a moment thought it would have any effect on that immovable corporate mountain called McDonald's .
I just found the story of two people daring to stand up to the Big Mac enormously inspiring - and felt that others would too .
But only 10 years later - thanks also to Fast Food Nation , Jamie 's School Dinners and Super Size Me - has there been a sea- change in public awareness about healthy eating .
McDonald 's UK profits have since collapsed and advertising junk food to children is now banned .
Someone recently called independent cinema documentaries : " the new rock 'n' roll " .
Forget writing books , singing songs , taking photographs , or even building websites .
If you have a burning idea you need to communicate , uncensored , with maximum possible emotional punch and a potential audience of tens of millions , a doc's the way to go .
So in my not very humble opinion we need more , not fewer , films about every aspect of the climate crisis and how we might yet solve it .
Inconvenient Truth did the science .
Fantastic .
11th
Hour investigated climate change alongside its non-identical twin , peak oil .
No Impact Man gets on to practical solutions from an individual 's perspective and The Power of Community does the same at the community level .
Our film , The Age of Stupid , focuses on the big moral human stuff .
Which is all good .
But even the most powerful film in the history of cinema is never going to change anything if nobody sees it .
McLibel eventually managed to amass 25 m viewers , with no distribution budget whatsoever and just me on the team .
For The Age of Stupid we now have more than 1,000 volunteers working from every corner of the planet and a small ( but dwindling ) pot of cash .
So together we 're aiming for ten times McLibel 's viewers : 250m .
It kicks off next Monday , September 21 at the Global Premiere in New York .
Movie stars , politicians and climate thinkers will arrive at our solar - powered cinema tent by sailing boat , bike , rickshaw , skateboard or low - carbon transport of their choice , before braving the photographers on the green carpet .
Following the screening of The Age of Stupid , we will be joined live by scientists on a melting glacier in the Himalayas and in a rainforest in Indonesia .
Radiohead 's Thom Yorke will wrap the evening with a little live music .
All of which will be broadcast live by satellite to 440 theatres across America and then to 52 countries , from Argentina and Austria to Papua New Guinea and Peru .
And if we do reach 250 m people , and the majority of them do agree with the film 's key thesis - that unless we move very , very fast we will make the planet uninhabitable - then so what ?
What influence could 250 m angry , inspired , motivated citizens possibly have in 2009 , the year of the Copenhagen climate summit , when the governments of the world will come together in December to finalise the successor to the Kyoto treaty ?
• Franny Armstrong is the director of The Age of Stupid and the founder of the 10:10 climate change campaign .
You can buy tickets for The Age of Stupid Global Premiere on Sept 21 - one night only - at www.ageofstupid.net.
And you can enter the Guardian 's competition to win tickets here .
The Hex - Rays Decompiler 1.0 was released more than two years ago .
Since then it has improved a lot and does a great job decompiling real - life code , but sometimes there are additional things that you might wish to do with its output .
For that purpose we have released the Hex - Rays Decompiler SDK and several sample plugins .
However , the header files alone do not give a complete picture and it can be difficult to see where to start .
In this post we will outline the architecture of the Hex - Rays Decompiler SDK , cover some principles and finally wrap everything we discussed and write a small plugin .
The post is divided into the following sections :
Background information
If you ’re already familiar with abstract syntax trees ( aka ASTs ) , you can skip this section .
Otherwise , some basic information is available at Wikipedia .
It can also be useful to read Ilfak ’s post “ Decompiler output ctree “ .
We will provide some examples to show how ASTs are used in the decompiler .
Consider this C code :
int func( int a ) { int result ; if ( a == 1 ) { result = 5 ; } else { result = 6 ; } return result ; }
It can be represented with this AST :
From the start node , we see a “ { 2} ” node that denotes a block of two statements .
The first statement in the block is an if and the second statement is a return .
If we take the first statement ( if ) we notice that it has 3 nodes attached to it : ( 1 ) the condition node ( 2 ) the then - branch node and ( 3 ) the else - branch node ( optional ) .
Looking further down in the tree we notice that the condition node is an equals to node which also links to two other expression nodes x and y .
If we take the then - branch we see how the result = 5 got translated into an assignment node x = y with the x node being a variable and the y node being a numeric constant .
Let us take another code snippet :
int func1 ( int n ) { return ( n | 291 ) & 4011 ; }
And see its AST :
Again we have a block containing one statement : the return statement .
The return statement has an expression of type binary AND , and this expression takes two operands x and y .
The x operand is another expression ( binary OR ) and the y operand is a numeric constant ( value = 291 ) .
The citem_t class
Hex - Rays decompiler SDK refers to the AST as ctree and each node within the tree is represented by either a cinsn_t or a cexpr_t class instance .
Both those classes are descendants of the citem_t base class :
struct citem_t { ea_t ea ; // address that corresponds to the item ctype_t op ;// element type ... }
One of the most important fields in a citem_t is its op field value which is of type ctype_t .
ctype_t is an enum with constants identifying the type of the node .
Hex - Rays defines two types of constants : cot_xxxx and cit_xxxx .
The former denote expression items while the latter denote statements ( or instructions in Hex - Rays jargon ) .
Let us take a look at some of the ctype_t constants :
enum ctype_t { cot_empty = 0 , cot_asg = 2 , // x = y cot_bor = 19 , // x | y ( binary OR ) cot_band = 21 , // x & y ( binary AND ) cot_eq = 22 , // x == y cot_add = 35 , // x + y cot_call = 57 , // x ( ... ) cot_num = 61 , // n cot_fnum = 62 , // fpc ... cot_last = cot_helper , //
The statements cit_block = 70 , // block - statement : { ... } cit_if = 72 , // if - statement cit_return = 79 , // return - statement ... }
Now given a citem_t instance we can check its op value and see whether to treat that citem_t as a cexpr_t or a cinsn_t .
The cexpr_t class
Let us illustrate how a cexpr_t class instance can represent items with cot_xxxx type values .
Below we outline the class members that are relevant to our discussion :
// Ctree element : expression . //
Depending on the exact expression item type , // various fields of this structure are used .
struct cexpr_t : public citem_t { ... union { // used for cot_num cnumber_t *n ; // used for cot_fnum fnumber_t * fpc ; struct { union { var_ref_t v ; // used for cot_var ea_t obj_ea ; // used for cot_obj } ; // how many bytes are accessed ?
( - 1 : none ) int refwidth ; } ; struct { // the first operand of the expression cexpr_t *x ; union { // the second operand of the expression cexpr_t *y ; // argument list ( used for cot_call ) carglist_t * a ; // member offset ( used for cot_memptr , cot_memref ) uint32 m ; } ; union { // the third operand of the expression cexpr_t * z ; // memory access size ( used for cot_ptr , cot_memptr ) int ptrsize ; } ; } ; // an embedded statement , they are // prohibited at the final maturity stage cinsn_t * insn ; // helper name ( used for cot_helper ) // string constant ( used for cot_str ) char * helper ; char * string ; ... } ; ... } ;
As you notice , cexpr_t employs unions , thus the contained information depends on the op field .
For example if cexpr.op == cot_num then we can safely access cexpr .n field to get a cnumber_t instance and extract the constant number .
If the expression has two operands ( e.g. cot_add , cot_sub , cot_bor and so on …. ) , then we have two sub-expressions : cexpr.x is the left - hand side operand and cexpr.y is the right - hand side operand .
In the case of a function call ( denoted by op == cot_call ) the address of the called function is accessible via cexpr .x.obj_ea field and the arguments are in the a field ( which is a carglist_t instance ) .
Bottom line : first check the op value and then extract the fields from a cexpr_t instance accordingly .
The cinsn_t class
This class represents statements supported by Hex - Rays ( cit_for , cit_if , cit_return , etc… ) .
An excerpt from the class definition :
// Ctree element : statement .
//
Depending on the exact statement type , // various fields of the union are used .
struct cinsn_t : public citem_t { ... union { // details of block - statement cblock_t * cblock ; // details of expression - statement cexpr_t * cexpr ; // details of if - statement cif_t * cif ; // details of for - statement cfor_t * cfor ; // details of while - statement cwhile_t * cwhile ; // details of do - statement cdo_t * cdo ; // details of switch - statement cswitch_t * cswitch ; // details of return - statement creturn_t * creturn ; // details of goto - statement cgoto_t * cgoto ; // details of asm - statement casm_t * casm ; } ; ... } ;
Just as we could tell what kind of cexpr_t we have by looking at the op field , here we check the op field against the cit_xxxx constants and extract data accordingly .
For example , if op == cit_if , we can extract a cif_t instance from the cif field .
Similarly for op == cit_return the corresponding field is creturn .
The class cblock_t is used to describe a sequence of statements .
It is defined as a list of cinsn_t :
// Compound statement ( curly braces ) // we need list to be able to manipulate // its elements freely struct cblock_t : public qlist < cinsn_t > { ... iterator find ( const cinsn_t * insn ) ; } ;
When Hex - Rays creates a ctree , the root of the tree is a cblock_t that contains all the subsequent instructions ( or expressions ) present in the decompiled function .
The ceinsn_t class
ceinsn_t is used whenever we need to describe a statement that contains an expression .
For example , “ x = 1 ; ” is a statement containing expression “ x = 1 ” .
// Statement with an expression .
//
This is a base class for various statements // with expressions .
struct ceinsn_t { //
Expression of the statement cexpr_t expr ; } ;
The if statement is a statement with an expression where the expression is the condition of the if :
//
If statement struct cif_t : public ceinsn_t { ... //
Then - branch of the if - statement cinsn_t * ithen ; // Else - branch of the if - statement .
May be NULL .
cinsn_t * ielse ; ... } ;
Given a cif_t instance , we can extract its condition by accessing cif_t .
expr field , the then - branch from cif_t.ithen ( a cinsn_t , which in turn could be a cblock_t holding many other cinsn_t instances ) , and the else - branch can be accessed through cif_t.ielse , if present .
Before illustrating other statements with expressions ( such as the for statement ) , let us talk about the cloop_t class which is used to represent repetition structures : for , while , do .
// Base class for loop statements struct cloop_t : public ceinsn_t { cinsn_t * body ; ... } ;
As you notice , cloop_t is ceinsn_t ( a statement with expression ) with an instruction ( the body member ) .
The cloop_t class ( as is ) can be used to define a do / while statement where the expr field is the while ’s condition and the body field is the body of the do / while statement :
// Do-loop struct cdo_t : public cloop_t { DECLARE_COMPARISONS( cdo_t ) ; } ;
A for loop statement has four components : ( 1 ) initialization expression , ( 2 ) condition expression , ( 3 ) step expression and ( 4 ) the body :
// For-loop struct cfor_t : public cloop_t { cexpr_t init ; // Initialization expression cexpr_t step ; // Step expression ... } ;
The initialization expression is stored in the init field , the condition in the base class ’ expr field , the step expression in the step field and the body of the loop in the body field .
The cfunc_t class
Now that we covered the basic tree elements , let us talk about the cfunc_t class , which is used to hold a decompiled function :
// Decompiled function .
Decompilation result is kept here .
struct cfunc_t { // function entry address ea_t entry_ea ; // function body , must be a block cinsn_t body ; // maturity level ctree_maturity_t maturity ; //
The following maps must be accessed // using helper functions .
//
Example : for user_labels_t , // see functions starting with " user_labels_ " .
// user - defined labels .
user_labels_t *user_labels ; // user - defined comments .
user_cmts_t *user_cmts ; // user - defined number formats .
user_numforms_t * numforms ; // user - defined item flags user_iflags_t *user_iflags ; ... }
When Hex - Rays is asked to decompile a function it returns a cfunc_t instance .
The following is an excerpt from the example # 1 found at the examples page :
func_t * pfn = get_func( get_screen_ea( ) ) ; if ( pfn == NULL ) { warning ( " Please position the cursor within a function " ) ; return ; } hexrays_failure_t hf ; cfunc_t * cfunc = decompile ( pfn , &hf ) ; if ( cfunc == NULL ) { warning ( " #error \ " %a : %s " , hf.errea , hf.desc ( ) .c_str ( ) ) ; return ; } msg ( " %a : successfully decompiled
" , pfn->startEA ) ; qstring bodytext ; qstring_printer_t sp(cfunc , bodytext , false ) ; cfunc->print_func(sp ) ; msg ( " %s
" , bodytext.c_str ( ) ) ; delete cfunc ;
Among the fields in cfunc_t , body is the most important to us because it points to the root of the ctree .
It can be used to traverse the tree manually , but the visitor utility classes provided by the Hex - Rays SDK make that task simpler .
The tree visitor class
The tree visitor class is a utility class that can be used to traverse the tree , find ctree items , and ( if desired ) modify the tree along the way .
// A generic helper class that is used for ctree traversal struct ctree_visitor_t { ... // Traverse ctree . int hexapi apply_to ( citem_t * item , citem_t * parent ) ; //
Visit a statement .
virtual int idaapi visit_insn ( cinsn_t *) { return 0 ; } // Visit an expression .
virtual int idaapi visit_expr ( cexpr_t *) { return 0 ; } ... } ;
Hex - Rays provides other visitors as well : ctree_parentee_t , user_lvar_visitor_t , …
To use the class , inherit from ctree_visitor_t and override virtual methods as necessary .
For example , here ’s how to use it to report all called functions :
void traverse ( cfunc_t * cfunc ) { struct sample_visitor_t : public ctree_visitor_t { public : sample_visitor_t( ) : ctree_visitor_t( CV_FAST ) { } int idaapi visit_expr ( cexpr_t * expr ) { if ( expr -> op != cot_call ) return 0 ; char buf [ MAXSTR ] ; if ( get_func_name ( expr - > x -> obj_ea , buf , sizeof ( buf ) ) == NULL ) qsnprintf ( buf , sizeof ( buf ) , " sub_%a " , expr ->x -> obj_ea ) ; msg ( " %a : a call to %s with %d argument ( s )
" , expr -> ea , buf , expr->a-> size ( ) ) ; return 0 ; // continue enumeration } } ; sample_visitor_t tm ; tm.apply_to(&cfunc->body , NULL ) ; }
The traverse ( ) function can be called manually with a cfunc_t * obtained from a decompiled function , or automatically by installing a callback :
// This callback handles various Hex - Rays events .
static int idaapi callback ( void * , hexrays_event_t event , va_list va ) { switch ( event ) { case hxe_maturity : { cfunc_t * cfunc = va_arg ( va , cfunc_t *) ; ctree_maturity_t new_maturity = va_argi ( va , ctree_maturity_t ) ; if ( new_maturity == CMAT_FINAL ) // ctree is ready { traverse ( cfunc ) ; } } break ; } return 0 ; } int idaapi init ( void ) { ... install_hexrays_callback(callback , NULL ) ; ... }
Writing a plugin
Now that we covered the basics , let us put our knowledge into practice and write a small plugin .
Consider this C code :
int func3 ( int n , char * s ) { int b ; if ( strcmp(s , " hello " ) == 0 ) { b = 100 ; } else if ( strcmp(s , " hello1 " ) == 0 ) { b = 200 ; } else if ( strcmp(s , " hello2 " ) == 0 ) { b = 4 ; } else if ( strcmp(s , " hello3 " ) == 0 ) { b = 300 ; } else if ( strcmp ( " hello4 " , s ) == 0 ) { b = 400 ; } else if ( strcmp ( " hello5 " , s ) == 6 ) { b = 500 ; } else { b = 600 ; } return b + n ; }
If we compile it and decompile back with Hex - Rays decompiler , we get :
int __cdecl func3 ( int n , char * s ) { signed int v2 ; // [ email protected ] if ( strcmp(s , " hello " ) ) { if ( strcmp(s , " hello1 " ) ) { if ( strcmp(s , " hello2 " ) ) { if ( strcmp(s , " hello3 " ) ) { if ( strcmp ( " hello4 " , s ) ) { if ( strcmp ( " hello5 " , s ) == 6 ) v2 = 500 ; else v2 = 600 ; } else { v2 = 400 ; } } else { v2 = 300 ; } } else { v2 = 4 ; } } else { v2 = 200 ; } } else { v2 = 100 ; } return n + v2 ; }
With the following AST :
No doubt that Hex - Rays did an excellent job and the decompiled result is equivalent to the original function .
Nonetheless , we can write a small plugin to automatically replace if ( strcmp ( ) ) with if ( strcmp ( ) == 0 ) and swap the then / else branches :
if ( strcmp( a , b ) ) { if ( strcmp ( a , c ) ) { // something if a != c } else { // something if a == c } } else { // something if a == b }
Becomes :
if ( strcmp ( a , b ) == 0 ) { // something if a == b } else { if ( strcmp ( a , c ) == 0 ) { // something if a == c } else { // something if a != c } }
To find such pattern , we need to match if statements with the following conditions :
The if statement should have an else
statement should have an The if condition should be a function call to strcmp( a , b )
After we find such a statement , we need to replace its condition expression ( which is a cot_call ) with another expression ( cot_eq ) , where the first operand ( x ) is the original condition and the second operand ( y ) is the number zero .
Essentially we modify the tree from :
To :
Notice how the modified tree has the if condition changed from a call to strcmp ( ) to an expression x == y ( where y is the number zero ) .
The code to do that should be easy to understand now , especially that we explained all the logic behind it :
struct strcmp_inverter_t : public ctree_visitor_t { private : cfunc_t * cfunc ; public : strcmp_inverter_t(cfunc_t * cf ) : ctree_visitor_t( CV_FAST ) , cfunc( cf ) { } bool is_strcmp_expr( cexpr_t * expr ) { // the expression should be a function call if ( expr -> op != cot_call ) return false ; // should have two arguments carglist_t &a = * expr - > a ; if ( a.size ( ) !=
2 ) return false ; // should contain the string str[ i ] cmp char buf [ MAXSTR ] ; if ( get_func_name ( expr -> x -> obj_ea , buf , sizeof ( buf ) ) == NULL ) return false ; if ( stristr ( buf , " strcmp " ) == NULL && stristr ( buf , " stricmp " ) == NULL ) return false ; return true ; } int idaapi visit_insn ( cinsn_t * ins ) { // only interested in IF statements if ( ins -> op != cit_if ) return 0 ; // now take the instance cif_t * cif = ins -> cif ; // must have an ELSE if ( cif -> ielse == NULL ) return 0 ; // check if it's an strcmp ( ) if ( !is_strcmp_expr(&cif ->expr ) ) return 0 ; // create a zero expression cexpr_t *y = new cexpr_t ( ) ; y->put_number(cfunc , 0 , inf.cc.size_i ) ; // create a new empty expression cexpr_t * x = new cexpr_t ( ) ; // now the if 's expr ( condition ) is moved to this new condition x-> swap(cif ->expr ) ; // now that the if 's expr is an empty expression , // let us properly populate it cif->expr.ea = x-> ea ; cif->expr.op = cot_eq ; cif->expr.x = x ; cif->expr.y = y ; cif->expr.calc_type(false ) ; // we changed the condition , so we // should swap the THEN / ELSE branches too !
qswap ( cif -> ithen , cif -> ielse ) ; return 0 ; // continue enumeration } } ;
Now if we use the plugin on the previously decompiled function , we get this result :
int __cdecl func3 ( int n , char * s ) { signed int v2 ; // [ email protected ] if ( strcmp(s , " hello " ) == 0 ) { v2 = 100 ; } else { if ( strcmp(s , " hello1 " ) == 0 ) { v2 = 200 ; } else { if ( strcmp(s , " hello2 " ) == 0 ) { v2 = 4 ; } else { if ( strcmp(s , " hello3 " ) == 0 ) { v2 = 300 ; } else { if ( strcmp ( " hello4 " , s ) == 0 ) { v2 = 400 ; } else { if ( strcmp ( " hello5 " , s ) == 6 ) v2 = 500 ; else v2 = 600 ; } } } } } return n + v2 ; }
Looks much closer to the original .
Closing words
The source code of the plugin can be downloaded from here .
To use it , simply right - click anywhere in a decompiled function and select “ Enable auto if ( strcmp ( ) ) inversion .
Last but not least , we would like to remind you that the plugin contest deadline is just one month away .
If you have nice ideas , participate and show us your creativity !
( Reuters ) - Shares of VeriChip Corp CHIP.
O tripled after the company said it had been granted an exclusive license to two patents , which will help it to develop implantable virus detection systems in humans .
The patents , held by VeriChip partner Receptors LLC , relate to biosensors that can detect the H1N1 and other viruses , and biological threats such as methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus , VeriChip said in a statement .
The technology will combine with VeriChip ’s implantable radio frequency identification devices to develop virus triage detection systems .
The triage system will provide multiple levels of identification -- the first will identify the agent as virus or non-virus , the second level will classify the virus and alert the user to the presence of pandemic threat viruses and the third level will identify the precise pathogen , VeriChip said in a white paper published May 7 , 2009 .
Shares of VeriChip were up 186 percent at $ 3.28 Monday late afternoon trade on Nasdaq .
They had touched a year high of $ 3.43 earlier in the session .
Choice has long been a buzz word used by developers claiming their game allows players to take any path they wish , that decisions they make have an important impact on how the story pans out .
While some games have come close to fulfilling these promises , BioWare aim to edge even nearer with Dragon Age : Origins
Indeed , BioWare is so keen to demonstrate how choices really do make difference for the latest showing it has rigged up to PCs alongside each other , each playing out the same scenarios but with two different teams .
The first is led by a human noble supported by three other characters , one of which is Morgan , a red - hot mage whose smouldering look is matched only by her fiery attitude .
Meanwhile , the other team is also headed up by a more amiable spellcaster , but the dominant force is definitely a brute called Sten , who as part of his back story killed an entire family with his bare hands .
The first scenario will be one familiar to anyone well versed in role - playing lore ; both teams need to cross a lake but , unsurprisingly , there 's an uncooperative guard standing in their way .
Both teams include a Grey Wardens – guardians of the realm who should have the right to pass - but the guard is unimpressed by their credentials and stands firm .
At this point the two conversations pan out in much the same way , but when the guard spots Morgan his tact changes , claiming a " nice girl " like her would n't want to go to a dark place like the tower .
What he did n't bargain on was a bucketful of Morgan 's attitude , with the hot - tempered wizard threatening to mercilessly tear off his limbs and gouge out his eyes , prompting the guard to let them pass .
Playing as the other team , with vicious killer Sten towering over the guard you 'd expect the same encounter to play out in much the same way , but rather than ripping the guards arms off Sten offers him cookies .
Hungry from standing in the cold for hours on end , the guard gratefully accepts the gift and lets them pass with not so much as a harsh word spoken .
BioWare is keen to point out that this is just one small way decisions change the way the story progresses , and that the situation could 've panned out any number of ways , depending on the characters in your team and also the direction you steer the conversation in .
For example , if you fail to sweet talk the guard into letting you pass you can always resort to violence , but this will almost certainly impact on what happens further down the line .
Skipping a couple of hours further into the game , the next scene demonstrated how cause and effect impacts on the story in more detail .
Having crossed the lake and met with the Templar guards inside , the first team is confronted by captain Gregoir who , having never been acquainted with anyone in the team before , is suspicious but welcoming .
However , playing as the other team , led by a sorcerer who during their back - story spent a lot of time in the tower , Gregoir is hostile right off the bat because , it transpires , he tried to kill the mage when their paths last crossed .
Technology.am ( May 10 , 2009 ) — A theoretical physicist at Indiana University shows that the crusts of neutron stars are 10 billion times stronger than steel or any other of the earth ’s strongest metal alloys .
Charles Horowitz , a professor in the Indiana University came to the conclusion after large - scale molecular dynamics computer simulations were conducted at Indiana University and Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico .
The simulations identified a neutron star crust that far exceeded the strength of any material known on earth .
Exhibiting extreme gravity while rotating as fast as 700 times per second , neutron stars are massive stars that collapsed once their cores ceased nuclear fusion and energy production .
The only things more dense are black holes , as a teaspoonful of neutron star matter would weigh about 100 million tons .
Scientists want to understand the structure of neutron stars , in part , because surface irregularities , or mountains , in the crust could radiate gravitational waves and in turn may create ripples in space - time .
Understanding how high a mountain might become before collapsing from the neutron star ’s gravity , or estimating the crust ’s breaking strain , also has implications for better understanding star quakes or magnetar giant flares .
Horowitz said , “ We modeled a small region of the neutron star crust by following the individual motions of up to 12 million particles , we then calculated how the crust deforms and eventually breaks under the extreme weight of a neutron star mountain . ”
The crust could be so strong as to be able to elicit gravitational waves that could not only limit the spin periods of some stars , but that could also be detected by high - resolution telescopes called interferometers , the modeling found .
Horowitz said , “ The maximum possible size of these mountains depends on the breaking strain of the neutron star crust , the large breaking strain that we find should support mountains on rapidly rotating neutron stars large enough to efficiently radiate gravitational waves . ”
Because of the intense pressure found on neutron stars , structural flaws and impurities that weaken things like rocks and steel are less likely to strain the crystals that form during the nucleosynthesis that occurs to form neutron star crust .
Squeezed together by gravitational force , the crust can withstand a breaking strain 10 billion times the pressure it would take to snap steel .
Brilliant Compensation
A blog about how to create a life - time of residual income for you and your family
When the FCC voted to formalize net neutrality guidelines yesterday , it took minutes for the cable industry to bitch about plans to forbid them ( and wireless carriers ) from selectively blocking types of Internet use .
Surprise !
McCain 's not a fan either .
Advertisement
He 's introduced the " Internet Freedom Act " , which would block the FCC 's rulemaking process .
He says the rules would create " onerous federal regulation " , and constitute a " government takeover " that would stifle innovation .
" Today I 'm pleased to introduce the Internet Freedom Act of 2009 that will keep the Internet free from government control and regulation , " McCain said .
" It will allow for continued innovation that will in turn create more high - paying jobs for the millions of Americans who are out of work or seeking new employment .
Keeping businesses free from oppressive regulations is the best stimulus for the current economy . "
Advertisement
I 'm trying to keep politics out of this , but apparently his view of " Internet Freedom " refers to big business freedom , not Joe public ( or Joe the plummer ) .
It 's strange , because I always thought that thriving competition was the best way to boost jobs and protect us consumers .
Apparently not .
Lest we forget : Mac or PC ?
" Neither , I am an illiterate that has to rely on my wife for all of the assistance I can get . "
His words , not mine .
Even if you do n't agree with the FCC , is this really the right guy to oppose them ?
[ Computerworld ]
Review " This is a truly historical meeting of the established and new media , " said Les Moonves , the head of CBS , about his network 's new video partnership with Google .
Um , no , Les .
So far , it 's just a really crap web site .
If , like us , you expected the new and improved Google Video service to rival something like Apple 's iTunes store , then do yourself a favor and do n't visit the Google shop for a few months .
Google has done nothing to celebrate its unique access to shows such as CSI , Survivor and Star Trek .
Instead , the company has buried CBS 's shows beneath a dismal interface wrapped in a shambles of a delivery mechanism .
Think we 're being too harsh ?
Have a a look for yourself .
Most of Google 's exclusive , premium content from the likes of CBS , the NBA and the Charlie Rose show is trapped in a primitive pulldown menu .
That might not be so bad were it not for the thin , hopeless pulldowns .
Take CSI , for example .
If you highlight it , only one show appears at the time of writing - an episode called " Werewolves . "
Even MacGyver gets five episodes .
There 's a whopping two pages of basketball games and just two more pages of Brady Bunch episodes - not that the latter is a huge loss .
The Charlie Rose collection is the most impressive and at 99 cents a pop , it 's looking pretty good .
The only problem is that all 176 episodes are described as " Charlie Rose " and provide no information in the initial search about who is interviewed .
If you have a Charlie Rose fetish , that 's probably not so bad , but the rest of us are n't impressed .
Incidentally , if you do an episode search for " God , " the last entry is an interview with WSJ hack Walt Mossberg .
So , it 's pretty clear that the Google Video search has been infected by the same blog noise as the regular Google search engine .
" Each of us needs each other to take the next leap forward , " Moonves also said at last week 's CES conference in Las Vegas when the new Google Video was announced .
We wonder though if CBS is n't regretting its decision .
Did it buy into the same Google hype as everyone else ?
ABC must be laughing all the way to the bank as it rides iTunes to millions of sales .
Google has done some nice things such as providing fairly lengthy preview clips at the start of each video .
And , of course , this is n't a big media only thing .
Anyone can load their video onto the Google store and charge almost anything they want .
They can infect their files with the mysterious Google DRM or not .
Google , however , seems to have made the same mistake as companies such as Dell when competing with an Apple or a Sony .
It 's not enough to throw out some cheap MP3 player or web site and expect the standard rules of business to apply to consumers .
The Average Joe is willing to pay a bit more for quality in the consumer world rather than mess with some basic , hard - to - use product or service .
Google Video will no doubt improve over time .
Coming out with such a poor initial service though is a huge mistake .
Google would have done better to refine its product and release something that comes close to being Apple 's red - headed stepchild .
We 're not even sure what life form Google Video is .
It 's certainly not human . ®
Bootnote
We 've been waiting more than three hours for our purchase of a Charlie Rose show to go through .
Had to boot up a Windows box just to wait .
Great stuff .
